Wingless and Damned
Book one in
The Damned Series
By
Dawn White 


Published by
Nevermore Press

Copyright Dawn White 2014
Published by Nevermore Press at Smashwords
Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person you share it with. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then you should return it to Smashwords.com


Acknowledgments
To my wonderful husband who has believed in me with every endeavor I have ever set out to accomplish, love you. 
To my beautiful daughters who made it quite interesting to write some pivotal love scenes. Love you, ladies! 
To the best daddy in the world, please don’t read this book. I love you!
Last but certainly not least, Claudy Conn, my favorite author, who taught me the ins and outs on everything publishing!

Prologue
Eleusis West Attica Greece 1700 BC

As Aison flies as fast as he can, he still can’t get close enough to see if the visions he saw on Mt. Olympus were real. Landing with a loud thud on the thick grey stones, Aison tries to push his way through the crowd who is chanting “Hades,” which has gathered around a wooden funeral pyre. As the final obstacle that is keeping him from viewing the pyre is removed, he collapses to his knees hands on his chest, devastated at the sight of his beloved Kora lying limp at the center of the burning pyre. When he reaches the fire, it is quickly distinguished by his desperation. He grasps her in his arms and weeps into her thick curly ebony hair. When Aison searches her honey eyes for any sign of life, he is lost in the clouded version that they have become.. Seeing the lividity of her once golden skin, he lays her gently down on the wood, he is already as angry as he could possibly ever be, when the red and blue fire rages up around him . Aison steps through the all consuming fire, as it furies towards him it terrifies the electrified crowd into shriller chants.Once he reaches the other side of the fire he decides to turn around to get one final look at Kora only to be met with the sight of the fire engulfing her already charred body, when he turns his gaze to the crowd his eyes are the color of rivers of blood he decrees to them when he is angry.
“You have soiled my Beloved to appease a god that would have you rotting in the darkest pits of the underworld! I will make it my immortal mission to cause each and every one of you the anguish you have caused me! I will make as many evil beasts as I can, and we will destroy you! The blood of your innocent shall cleanse my immortal soul!” 
Forces unseen begin to pull him skyward as he glares at the witnesses to the carnage of his most beloved. Zeus warned him about falling in love with a mortal! When he gets his wits about him, he sets out on his journey to make as many monstrosities as he possibly can. All noble traits and empathy he once possessed for the mortals are continuously consumed by the hatred he now felt. Becoming a monster of immense proportions only to turn his hatred into a sire of five other originalstrigoi to own the deepest darkest corners of this hell we call earth.

1810 Adirondacks Whiteface Mountain Range 
Upstate New York

There is blood, and the overwhelming smell of crimson liquid that seems to pour out of every puncture wound that the wolves caused the youngster. “Augustin you need to lay still and do as I say. Your body was ravaged by the pack of wolves that attacked you. I am going to put these cold compresses on you while I send for your father,” I said nodding my head at Augustin’s older sister, Milicent. She runs off at a swift pace to get her father who happens to be one of the nomadic Neuri tribe leaders. Once Milicent has departed , I massage my pine root mixture into the worst of Augustin’s injuries in his calf. As the medicine seeps into his system, he starts to regain his composure. I look up as I hear a thunderous sound of bark breaking from pine trees being pushed aside. As Harland and Milicent bust into the clearing, pine needles from the forest floor sweep over Augustin from their abrupt stop. Harland rushes to his son’s side, takes his small hand into his own, and with tears in his dark brown eyes says, “He is, only seven years old he must survive this onslaught, I can’t lose my youngest child. Is there any way he will survive this Ciarra?”
“I have put a paste containing medicine in his wound, I believe he will make it but it will be touch and go. He will need to be brought to my shelter in order for me to watch over him tonight. We will know his fate in the morning.”
Harland lightly enfolds Augustin into his strong broad arms, carefully walking him through the forest of spruce, pine and many other needled trees surrounding the base of the mountain range.
I hold the leather door flap open for Harland to place the ailing boy next to the fire.. I clear my throat as I rub the side of my head knowing the information I’m about to say to him is going to cause both of us more stress than we previously had.
“Harland, I am new to this, and the only reason I am the medicine woman is because our original medicine woman died of a fever last winter. I was still training, and washer Apprentice. Under her supervision I would have no reservation to believe your boy would survive. All I can say is I’m going to do everything in my power to save your youngest child. Make sure you also pray to the tribal ancestors,” I said hoping he would take my advice and pray to our spirit guides.
Harland exits my shelter in haste wanting to get this night over with as quickly as possible.
During the hours of darkness, I replaced Augustin’s dressings, and kept a fever that was threatening to take him away at bay. When the early morning hours of dawn begin to streak the darkened sky, I feel the windy rush of the leather flap being pushed aside, only to have Harland standing in my makeshift home. Rubbing my eyes I motion to Augustin, who is resting peacefully next to the burning fire.
Harland takes his damaged son into his strong arms and rocks him back and forth slowly. 
Feeling elated by Augustin having survived such a brutal attack, at my hands; the hands of a mere apprentice. He survived because of me I thought with joy.

Chapter 1

My name is Ciarra and as medicine woman for the Neuri tribe, I work with my tribal ancestors or spirit guides and nature to keep the balance and peace within our tribe. So far, my job hasn’t been easy.
As I stand at the head of the fire, the tribe leader and members congregate around the fire pit in the center of the camp, seeking the safety they feel in the warmth emanating from fire. My mind and body have grown weary from worrying over what could happen as a result of tonight’s upcoming events. Five of our innocents were taken today by the dreaded Strigoi. These blood-stealing monsters take our innocents from their resting places every two centuries, or that’s what our legends tell us anyway.
I ask for advice from the tribal ancestors regarding the dilemma we have found ourselves in, and the quick council with my spirit guides reminded me that there are always unknown consequences when one casts a spell of this magnitude. My spirit guides have provided a spell for me to twist to ensure the survival of the Neuri Tribe. As I talk with them, my heart races, knowing this simple transformation spell, if done wrong, will have dire consequences. The only way to beat the Strigoi is to fight fang with fang, so to speak.
Twelve of the strongest men in the tribe have volunteered to be the ones turned into werewolves, by spell. I begin twisting a spell which was once considered to be a curse; it was a simple transformation spell.When I finish the spell, no one will be able to recognize the men. However, to be honest, I have no idea how to change them back. 
I watch nervously as the beautiful, naked men of the Neuri tribe stand shoulder to shoulder as they begin to painfully transform into what seem to be mindless beasts. As the Neuri, men writhe in pain and agony, my spirit guides begin chanting in an unknown language, calming the men. My expressive arm movements while talking to the men seems to draw them in closer, in order to hear me. I give the men instructions to hunt the Strigoi down. "These monsters will come for your families very soon." The women and children run for their makeshift homes, as the formerly human beasts head for the unforgiving dark woods. Once they are in the darkness of the woods, I hear thunderous roars, and realize that it is the newly turned beasts communicating with each other. 
My top priority is to find a spell which will transform them back to their former selves.
The spirits from beyond advise me, “A spell has not yet been written to transform them back.” 
My confusion transforms into terror, as I become fully aware of the consequences of my meddling with nature. At this point, it is far too late to do anything about it. The damage is done. 
Kimi, the Neuri tribe leader’s mate, steps into the light of the fire as I gather my thoughts. Her distended belly shows that she is about to give birth to her child . All the women of the tribe follow, and question her regarding the true severity of the circumstances we had found ourselves in. I interrupt, cutting off the women's chatter to explain to the tribal women I really did not know, , what the beasts transformation back to men would entail or even how long it would last, Kimi is clearly terror-stricken. I am trying to be as gentle as possible, I lay Kimi on the ground motioning for the tribal women to help her. Following my suggestion, the women in the tribe take her back to her home, to her resting place, so she may sleep off the terror that is paralyzing her, and surrounding the rest of the camp. I gather my herbs and mixing bowls and make my way to my makeshift home as well.

* * * *

As soon as my head hits my pillow, one of my spirit guides tells me to run. Death is coming if I didn’t. IGather my meager belongings, and slowly try to sneak out of the camp undetected. As soon as I pass the tree line, I can see movement out of the corner of my eye. The motion is so fast I think that I might be imagining it. 
"Run," another of my spirit guides urges me. It’s not only my imagination then.
I run toward camp yelling, “They are coming! The Strigoi are coming!” The words just left my mouth when I begin to feel a prickling alarm inching down my spine. In a terrifying whoosh, my feet are lifted from the ground. I cannot help but shriek as I get farther and farther from the ground. Tears are stinging my eyes as I am thrown over the trees at a frightening speed. I start to try and break free of my captor’s strong embrace. 
A male voice, in a strange foreign accent, says, “Stop moving or I will drop you! I am not going to hurt you!” 
I am lulled into submission with his words.
I do not know what has come over me. I can still think, “Stop” and shriek but the words fail to reach my lips. What is wrong with me? 
My spirit guide is telling me, “The Strigoi are very old and very powerful. They can make you do anything they wish just by suggesting it to you.” 
At the realization I wasn’t going anywhere, I stop fighting. I have no choice, but to show no resistance. This is met with a softer hold as the male continues to carry me over the dark trees. 
On the ground, I can hear the Neuri men howling in the distance. I have no idea about what had occurred at the camp. I do hope that the screams I heard were screams from the tribe’s people getting away. I am very concerned for my people. 
Where is he taking me? Just as the thought crosses my mind, we begin to descend into a small clearing. With my feet firmly on the ground, I scan the horizon and I can’t see anything but trees. Just as my legs are about to try to carry me away— 
“Come with me.” 
To my surprise, I follow. Why am I walking to my own demise, with a smile on my face? The creature places his hand on a big iron door that looks heavier than any I have ever encountered. 
Following him into a dark cave, we descend into a damp, musty smelling hell. I feel a glorious rush of power coming from deeper in the cavern. The farther along we go, the less cave-like it becomes. Yet again, I feel a power radiating from somewhere deep in front of us. It seems to be calling out to me. All that amazing power should be within my reach. As I start rushing forward, he grabs my arm and turns me to face him. I look into his eyes, his frighteningly surreal red eyes.
“If you will listen and do as I say, you might just walk out of here alive!” 
I nod in agreement, feeling as though I am in a trance. Can I pinch myself and wake up? As soon as the thought crosses my mind, he turns me around. Seemingly, out of nowhere, two large wooden doors appear in front of us. As if by magic, they open with no assistance from either of us. 
Grasping myself in a tight hug, and gazing around, I see the contents of this new room. There are big fires located in all of the corners and at least five Strigoi sitting around in a group. My gaze tries to take in every grotesque detail of these men-like creatures. As a group, they all seem to have the same scary red eyes, their skin seems to be translucent showing blue veins crisscrossing their snarling faces, their teeth are sharp and jut out of blood stained lips. With the exception of my captor, the Strigoi look malnourished, mere skin, bone, and evil! They are the most malicious looking monsters I have ever seen! They seem to be consumed by the hatred of their creator. The most intimidating thing about them is the fact they tower over me. The ten feet tall cave ceiling has them crouching when they walk.
When my captor grabs my arm, I flinch thinking he will hurt me. He pulls me closer to the group of the Strigoi. They seem to be engrossed in some kind of live action taking place in front of them. Pulled closer, I notice they are watching two beautiful winged Fae. I thought they were only a myth. I never imagined they could be real. As I snap out of my inner musings, I see the lovely Fae are in chains that appear to be burning their dainty wrists. It has to be very painful. “What are they doing to them?” 
His answer is a wave of his hand and it all becomes clear to me. They are the Strigoi’s slaves, compelled to do everything their masters wish. These two unfortunate female Fae are making love to each other.
I have to do something but I am certainly no hero. 

Chapter 2

My captor pulls on my arm when he notices I have paused. Beside myself, I try to understand the severity of my fate and that of the Faes'. My legs try to keep up with him as he takes me through a narrow, dimly lit hallway to a door at the end of the passageway. He opens the door and motions for me to take a seat at a heavy wooden table.
I sit and look around for any means of escape. Left with the stark reality of my current dilemma, I finally look at him and ask, “What am I here for? Why did you take me?” 
He sits down across the table from me and looks me in the eyes with his horrific red glare. Seemingly casual and polite, he says, “You are here to finish what you started. You started a war that eventually will consume Strigoi and man beast alike, and no one will be safe. You think you were helping your people, but it has been prophesized that this will not end well—millions will die.” 
Feeling as if I have been slapped across the face, I gather my courage from deep inside. 
“You are disgusting! You prey on the weak and take what you want from anyone who gets in your way. Now you say millions will die because I twisted a spell to help my tribe. I must ask why do you care?” 
His belligerent reply is not one I expected. “We take what we need to survive. I don’t kill or maim I just eat my fill and then release them. As you witnessed, the five men in the other room don’t have the same reservations I do. We are the oldest of the old but do not underestimate us. We will make millions more of our kind before our time will ever come to an end. You have started a war! We will forever be immortal enemies to the end of days! You must do as I say, for it is the only way our world will ever have a chance against the evil we created! In addition, before you start judging me, you should know who I am. My name is Aison. I do not know why I am discussing this with the likes of you. You are here for a different reason.”
Still in the dark, I try to wrap my mind around everything he just said. He is surprisingly attractive to look at with his red god-like lips, his facial hair only adds to the strength in his ruggedly handsome strong jaw line, a perfectly straight nose and golden shoulder length hair. Wrapping my mind around the fact this man, no monster, is actually quite caring as evidenced by the anger in his voice at what I created. “What is this, that you are saying about me being here for a reason? What reason could you possibly have for taking me? Where are the people of my village?” 
He reaches out and touches my arm gently as if I were made of porcelain. I guess to him, I am made of the finest china and can shatter at the slightest amount of pressure. No sooner than I begin to understand this, he stands in front of me, grabs me by the arm, and says, “I am sorry but I must. In order to keep you safe after the ceremony, you will need to be mine.” 
The moment the last word left his mouth, I felt a sharp, then amazingly pleasurable pressure on my neck. I do not even have an inclination to pull away! My body melts into Aison as his lips and tongue take what he needs. I feel my inner fire igniting, imagining what his lips and tongue would feel like and taste like on other more sensitive areas. Just as my mind is wandering to these delicious things, he stops and looks at me. 
“You need to drink a small amount of my blood in order to finish this.” 
At that moment, I would have agreed to anything this beautiful man asked me, and I open my mouth. Instead cutting his wrist or finger, he bites his tongue and conquers my mouth with his. I am shocked as I kiss his delightful mouth but then remember why I am here and who he is. I pull away as fast as possible. 
No more than an hour ago, he was the ugliest thing in the world to me. Now I want him to kiss me in the most private areas of my body. What is happening to me? Has he placed me under a spell? I muster the courage to ask him, “Have you placed me under a spell, is that why I want you now?”
He smiles softly at my innocent question, shaking his head. “No, I haven’t. I have consumed your blood as you have mine, and you are now fond of your maker.”
Shuddering, I understand what he has just said to me. “What do you mean my maker? Am I going to be one of you, a um strigoi?”
He seems to find my dread and questions amusing and he pauses for a second before answering my question. “No you are not one of us. We have not completed the process. However, if the others decide to kill you after the ceremony I can finish the transformation. You will then be mine for all of eternity.”
As I feel the ominous intent to his words I ask what ceremony he is referring to. “What ceremony am I here to complete?” 
Apparently, this is all too much for my brain to register and I black out. I don’t know how long I have been out, but when I come to, lying in a bed made of the softest feathers I have ever felt, I see Aison. He is sitting in a chair across the room in front of a fire looking striking as the fire dances across his amazingly handsome features. I see the red shades of the fire dancing in waves across his layered shoulder length hair. His high cheekbones look so amazing with his chiseled jaw line. He has just enough facial hair to enhance and not cover his beauty. When he isn't trying to eat me, his red eyes look almost bright emerald green.
He notices I have stirred and looks at me as I am admiring him. A smirk dances across his pleasing red lips and amusement fills his voice. “Good morning! It is about time for the ceremony. I will wait outside for you to freshen up.” 
Having said this, he stands and exits apparently sure, I will follow his instructions. His close proximity has me fretting in the chamber. Having nothing else to occupy my time and keep me from completing the ceremony, I do as he says. I guess I will just have to wait and see what is to come.
I enter the hallway from the chamber and Aison places a red velvet robe over my shoulders pulling the hood over my long black hair. I shiver as his knuckle brushes my cheek from the coldness of his skin. As we walk he explains the ritual to me.
“You will move to the center of the circle and say the same incantation you said when you twisted the last curse, the only difference is you will undo the portentous curse you placed on your people.” 
Upon hearing the whispers in the back of my head, I get a handle on what my spirit guides are telling me. 
You must twist the curse again and make it irreversible All born of your tribe from this day forward will be cursed as a werewolf at the age of 26 and be doomed to roam the Earth finding no peace or rest until the end of the Strigoi.
Disheartened by the nature of the request, I see what they plan to use as leverage. Walking toward the center of the room, I see Kimi in all her magnificent pregnant splendor lying with hands and feet tied on the center slab. She is crying as the Strigoi continue to harass her,appearing to marvel in the shock that they are causing her. I plead with Aison, “Let her go! She has nothing to do with this.” 
“She is here to make sure you do what needs to be done.”
“I will do it if she and her unborn are released safely and unharmed.” 
Feeling as if the spirits are right in the manipulation of the curse, I know the look I give Kimi is one of remorse. My heart is yearning to set her free with no harm done to her and her unborn baby.
He nods in agreement and the other Strigoi remove themselves from her side apparently having overheard and understood our conversation. Kimi’s whimpers turn into soft sobs as I run to where they want me to stand. I look at Kimi and the look in her eyes is pleading with me to help her, but all I can do is try to smile at her to make her understand it will all be okay. 
Standing in the center of the room, I hear my spirit guides. 

“This is very bad and you will have to twist the curse so as to not cause more harm than has already been done.”

I slowly start twisting the curse as I try to do what is required of me to get Kimi released safely. I add a few incantations I hope no one will notice but to no avail. Finishing the curse, Aison furiously rushes to my side and yells at me. 
“Finish what you started; it is too late now!” 

I realize I have doomed all future Neuri children to live in this world as werewolves. At the age of 26, the prophecy will manifest. They are ill fated to wander the plains of this wicked world, without death to look forward too.

The only way this spell can be broken is if a mated pair come together and crossover at the same time. This will make them part werewolf and part Strigoi, which is the only way they can successfully kill the original Strigoi to break the curse.
As soon as my incantation is finished, I collapse to the hard stone-covered floor, but before Aison can get to my side, the other Strigoi rush over to me and treat me as if I am a feast. One of the smaller Strigoi leaps across the room and lands in a loud thud right on top of me, breaking my ribs. A sharp prickle of pain radiates from deep inside my chest and I start experiencing a drowning sensation and gasp for what little air my blood-filled lungs can acquire. I think I must be turning purple from a lack of oxygen and feel my life begin to fade. I reach for Aison only to come up empty. 

They bite me on the soft skin on the inside of my thighs, their sharp teeth tearing my fragile skin. Warm, thickening blood pools under my body as these creatures continuously ravage my already broken body. My heart begins to slow and fuzziness blurs the edges of my eyesight. I realize I am dying; it is too late for me!

 Chapter 3
Aison

I rushacross the floor to grab the pregnant tribal woman to take her as far away from the savages as possible. 
I do not hurt innocents I e keep telling myself, as I smell her blood and know the birth of her unborn child is near! I rush down the same corridor I had just walked down the day before with an unconscious Ciarra. All I want to do is get back to Ciarra. I can feel how they are ravaging her delicate body! Feeling her pain and hearing her urgent cries for help, I cannot help but feel my bloodlust coming to a breaking point. I try to will my thoughts to carry to her. “Hold on, I will be with you in a moment!”
I use my Strigoi speed and rush the pregnant one to the bed, locking the chamber door on my way back out.
Just as soon as the thought crosses my mind, I notice hers have gone quiet! She is gone! Not able to stop until I see for myself what they have done to her I burst through and splinter the once impenetrable wooden doors, shocking the hell out of whoever remains by my Ciarra.
I see a horrific sight, even for me. I growl to the other originals, “What have you done to mine? She is mine! Not yours to have your way with!”
Reaching out, I smack at the lesser of us as he is removing himself from her broken, bloody body. Her thick long ebony curls have stuck to the cavern floor from the blood, which has pooled under her delicate broken body. Her once tall lean frame and ample bosom is now laid in a crumpled pile of bloody mess. Her beautiful ruby red lips are now ashen like the ashes in the deepest darkest pits of the hell I have created. Her soft milky skin now sallow of all essence unlike my quick touch of her once rosy cheeks when I placed her robe upon her.
Feeling a sense of hope, I hear the very slight beating of her heart and a rattling breathing. Screaming her name, I rush to her side. “Wake up!” Cataloging her injuries, I know there is no way to revive her other than to bring her all the way over. Damned as I am, I will not see this beautiful woman ruined because of me.
Leaning down, I whisper a plea to her, “Drink, Ciarra. Please drink; it will heal your body. Your mind I will deal with later.” 
She slowly opens her mouth and takes a few drops off my blood from my pinky finger. She takes it very slowly at first, and then the thirst kicks in and makes her more ferocious. I pull my finger out of her mouth and watch in horror as the transformation begins the healing process. I hear her bones breaking and steeling back into place, making me wince. Ciarra is writhing in pain as I try to hold her to my chest. Gently placing her on the altar, I turn to deal with the rest of the group that is still standing around us. I glare at the closest strigoiand to my astonishment, they all disperse the moment I meet each of their gazes. 
Taking it as a sign, I take Ciarra out of the altar room to somewhere she can properly transform. Closely listening to our surroundings, I move at Strigoi speed. Rushing through the passageway yet again, I forget I locked the pregnant one in the chamber upon my hasty exit. Juggling a bloody Ciarra in my arms, I clumsily unlock the door. I push the door open and gasp at another distressing sight. As I tried to save a dying Ciarra in the altar room, the woman was alone and so scared; she has started to birth the unborn nestled deep inside her. She now lies curled in on herself, crying out for help. I lay Ciarra on the bench next to the bed and slowly approach the shaking woman's side. I tell her it will all be fine, I swear on my existence I will let no harm come to her newborn. 
I glance over at Ciarra who is just starting to come to as her transformation finishes its amazing repairs on her body. I see her sit up and glance in our direction as the laboring woman continues her painful cries. I see her beautiful dark eyes regaining focus. Clearly, she now grasps what has transpired around her as her broken body mended itself. I feel an amazing surge of relief as she gets up and examines her newly repaired body. 
She rushes to the woman's side to help her.

Chapter 4
Ciarra

Awaking from a horrible dream, I notice Kimi is birthing on the bed. She is crying out for help, I see Aison plainly at a loss as he tries to calmand help her with her labor. I move beside him and smile as he looks at me with heavy eyes, actual concern in them for Kimi in her moment. Brushing my hand over his shoulder, he mouths “thank you” and I can see the relief in his eyes. Aison removes himself from Kimi’s side and walks to the bench behind us. I tell Kimi she needs to push or the baby will tear her. 
At my urging, Kimi strains to do as I have told her. She pushes with the painful contractions as the baby slowly makes its way into this hard world of ours. Taking the little girl, I look her over and then place her on Kimi’s quickly fading body. Kimi grasps at the baby and immediately begins to sob, probably unaware of what will become of this beautiful baby.
She kisses the beautiful black curls on the top of the baby’s head. 
With tears threatening to overfill my eyes I tell her, “You need to name her, now! You are fading fast!” 
She glances at me and nods in agreement; I am sure she feels the cold hand of death approaching quickly with each dying breath she takes. 
She finally manages, between sobs, to gasp out, “You will be forever known as Lea. You will change this horrible world with your beautiful immortality.” When the words escape her beautiful lips, her last breath rattles in her chest. 
Wiping away a tear, I am now faced with the stark reality of knowing I have to get Lea to safety. I'm not sure if her staying where ever I am is the safest place for her to be.
I scoop up Lea, and look over at Aison who just gives me a sad look with his grim red eyes. I slowly start walking to the chamber door with the beautiful angel of a baby cradled in my arms. Aison opens the door for us to walk through. We walk in silence but evidently, he is aware I am terrified and that I have absolutely no idea what we should do with this baby.
“Everything will be all right; we just have to get her out of here.”
We walked through the altar room, and what I saw curled up in the corner, were the two beautiful Faeries. I completely forgot about the beautiful Fae who were under the compulsion of Strigoi.
Walking over to them, Aison quickly ripped the shackles that were attached to the cold stonewalls in half. The Faeries jumped, as he got closer to them to remove the harsh iron from their wrists. When I saw their terrified reaction to him, I quickly said, “We are here to help not harm you.” 
I see understanding in their eyes as they slowly nod their heads. I quickly try and gain their focus by introducing myself. “My name is Ciarra, this beautiful baby is Lea, and his name is Aison.” 
The beautiful Fae with the black iridescent wings smiled at Lea then said, “My name is Nerria and this female is named Rossa.” 
I cannot help but notice Rossa’s wings are half missing; her black and red wings are coiled in on themselves, and look raw from this distance. Both Fae are covered in what only can be described as glitter. In what little light this cave of hell emanates, they are sparkling. Nerria has beautiful red hair and the most amazing milky white skin with blue and what appears to be green sparkles. The green eyes on both the Fae are breathtaking. I don’t think I have ever seen a pair of green eyes with such little pigment. Rossa has black wavy hair with the same porcelain-like skin and the longest eyelashes I have ever seen.
Nerria stands and helps Rossa to her feet but stumbles. Nerria says something in an alien tongue, but Nerria’s alien language seems to help Rossa stable herself as she gains her composure. 
Nerria walks over to Lea and me trying to ignore Aison as much as possible. Looking to Rossa as if for reassurance she says, “I must warn you and Aison, the dimension you have opened between this and the underworld have let in something very dark and evil. It is close by and I don’t know any way other than our portals to transport Rossa, myself and one other pure of heart out of this depraved world you call home!”
I comprehend the full gravity of the situation and know she is talking about baby Lea. Not wanting to put her in any more danger than she already is, I nod in agreement. “Where will you take her? Will she be safe? Will I ever see her again?” 
“Yes she will be safe, only the purest of hearts are able to step foot in Nalla Vareim. We shall raise Lea as our own; yes, you may see her. We will give you a communication crystal and whenever you would like to see her or talk to either Rossa or me, we will answer you.”
Rossa handed me a pulsating black crystal, and I could feel the powerful energy making it vibrate in my hands. “Thank you.” I kiss the beautiful Lea on her forehead and slowly hand her over to Nerria who steps forward with her arms extended. She carefully receives the hungry newborn. 
Aison steps forward, wipes a single tear off of my cheek. “We will see her again.” 
The moment Lea is in Nerria’s arms, I see a disturbance in the air in front of Nerria and Rossa and they disappear. I look down as tears overflow my eyes and I hold onto the pulsating crystal for dear life.
Wrapping my arm through Aison’s strong arm, we slowly walk to the staircase looming ahead of us. 
He breaks the depressing silence. “We will see her again. They are wonderful Fae, and will give her an amazing life among their own. We however have many enemies we have to prepare for.”

Chapter 5
Lea

As soon as I recovered from my portal trip from Nalla Vareim, my head started to spin all over again. I sat down under a maple tree and just thanked God for the beautiful spring weather in the Adirondacks. Knowing all too well if it were winter I probably would have frozen to death in about 5 feet of snow. Standing up, I notice my legs are still wobbly. 
I lose my temper with the knowledge I still haven’t become accustomed to being transported from my homeland. My aunts Nerria and Rossa keep telling me it will come in time and not to fret. I half smile to myself while walking through the clearing to reach the little cottage at the end. Seeing Anne’s black SUV at the front of her quaint little white cottage, has my feet moving at a pace to keep up with the enthusiasm threatening to escape my lips with a silly giggle. I jog up the walkway. 
Anne greets me while screaming, “Lea!”
She has always looked sweet and matronly to me, but then again I am only twenty-five, almost twenty-six. Anne flings herself out the door and almost knocks me down. Giggling, I steady myself and step back to have a look at her. If not for all the little wrinkles around her eyes and lips, I would not think she had aged at all. Her hair looks purple today and I don’t believe it was her intended color. I bend over to kiss her on her puffy pink cheek. This brings a big smile to her sweet face. She slips her arm inside of mine as we walk into her quaint cottage. When we step into her living room, I feel an overwhelmingly strong presence, which makes me realize we aren’t alone. 
There, sitting on Anne’s comfortable couch, is the most handsome man my eyes have ever had the pleasure to look upon. The good-looking man is only a few inches taller than my five feet seven inch frame and has raven black hair cut in a military style, different from the Fae I’m used to dating. He has the eeriest but most strikingly ice blue eyes, amazingly broad shoulders that just scream strength and power. Oh, so much sexiness wrapped into this one amazing package. 
Apparently, I am staring because a smirk appears on his face. He stands coming to no more than four inches from where I am. He clears his throat and extends his hand to me. Reaching out to grasp his hand in a friendly shake, I can’t help but feel an unexplainable pull to him. His bare palm against mine feels as if it’s the most intimate of places touching. He obviously is aware of the amount of passion that seems to want to consume both of us. We both back up a few inches, hoping the flame will dissipate with some distance. It is nearly impossible to break eye contact with him. I see him swallow hard. We try for the niceties, both attempting and failing. 
He finally speaks and says with a voice so amazingly deep and sexy, “My name is Alexander of the Neuri clan; it is great to meet you.” 
When he finishes speaking, I blink a few times. “My name is Lea from Nalla Vareim,” just as the words of my homeland escape my lips, he starts circling me, obviously looking at me. I couldn’t help but feel insecure about what he was looking at so I turn with him instead of feeling foolish just standing there. I turn all the way around and catch him looking at my ass. 
Anne clears her throat. “We have tea, or coffee if you prefer.”
He breaks the awkward stare. “Coffee please, Aunt Anne, and I am thinking Lea would also like a cup of coffee.” 
Smiling I nod as if he read my mind. I know he is a mortal so there is no way in hell he would be able to read my complicated mind.
Following Anne to the love seat, I sit on the edge of the cushion as Alexander rests on the center cushion. We both seem to be pulled by the same feeling of electricity since we sit as close to each other as possible. When I feel his leg rub against mine, a shiver cascades down my body. 
Anne obviously sees the absurdity going on between us and gives us both a motherly look with a gentle smile. 
“I have wanted the two of you to meet for some time. I’m happy Lea popped in when she did.” 
Alexander and I looked at each other and smile as I recognize she is trying to set us up. Not being able to help myself, I break out into a fit of giggles. 
Alexander puts a stop to my silly giggles. “Apparently Lea, my aunt has plans for us. I myself would like to get to know you better. It isn’t every day I get to meet a beautiful Fae. Let us take a walk after we finish our coffee.” He smiles at Anne so sweetly and then gives me a smirk.
It isn’t like me to be taken aback by a handsome man; all the men in my kingdom are the most good looking of all living creatures. Smiling, I nod in agreement. I can’t help but wonder what my aunts would think if they were here. Would they mind that I am taken with this mere mortal? I rush to finish my coffee and as I down the last drop, I see Alexander seems to be doing the same. 
“Thank you, Anne. The coffee was wonderful. I shall return when Alexander and I are finished getting to know each other.” 
Looking at Alexander, I notice he has a smile on his face as he hugs and then kisses his aunt on the cheek. He Whispers something into her ear, which makes her smile from ear to ear. Making a quick exit, I hope Alexander hurries with his goodbyes. Just as I start getting impatient, Alexander shows up with a basket of some sort. 
He notices I furrow my brow as I wonder what his plans are. 
He takes the moment to close the distance between us, smiles and says, “It’s a picnic basket. I have no nefarious plans of any sort. I really just want to get to know the beautiful Lea.”
Smiling at his compliment, I take his extended elbow and we walk to the field, arm in arm. I can’t wait to hear his story. 

Chapter 6
Lea

As Alexander lays the blanket out, he can see I am too nervous to sit. He looks at me and nods to the blanket, smiling wickedly at me. I feel the heat rising deep inside of my body. 
Clearing my throat, I ask, “Alexander of the Neuri tribe, how long has Anne spoken of me to you?”
If the shocked look on his face is any indication, he never expected me to ask that question.
“Aunt Anne has spoken to me many times since I was very little. Often of the most beautiful Lea. So of course, I was intrigued by you showing up today. Today is my thirtieth birthday, and it is the day I am officially the leader of the Neuri tribe. My ceremony is this evening. I do hope you will come.” 
My smile quickly fades to frustration as I realize I can’t be at his ceremony tonight, I have a family dinner I have to go to. My aunts will be very disappointed in me if I miss it. Then I remember I am twenty-five years old and if I don’t want to go to a family dinner I really don’t have to. I smile “I would love to go with you!”
I notice movement in the trees and stiffen. I thought I was going to be able to sit back, relax, and get to know this sexy man. 
Alexander notices my demeanor has changed, “It’s okay, they aren’t here to harm us. They are here to protect me. I promise.” 
I can’t help but smile and ask, “What do you mean protect you? Why do you need protection?” 
He smiles and places his hand over mine. “I am the leader of the Neuri tribe. I have to have protection wherever I go. They aren’t beasts; they are werewolves.”
I Immediately pull my hand back as I start sliding away from him. He looks at me as if I have lost my mind, and maybe I have. I am on a lunch date with a werewolf! I muster the courage to finally speak. “You’re a werewolf?” 
He nods his head “This evening I take my rightful place as the tribe’s leader. Why is this a shock to you? You are a wingless Fae. I have been told of a wingless Fae who is meant to be my mate. This Fae is meant to break the curse of my people. I believe that Fae to be you!”
My breath seems to catch in my chest as I get up as quickly as I can. I feel the tightness of my breath lodging in my chest with every step I take. My inadequate speed brings me to the field just as the werewolves emerge from the woods coming right at me. Alexander easily catches up to me. As he tries to turn me around, he is faced with my Fae crystal which is meant to ward off evil. Unfortunately, for me, my crystal doesn’t see him as evil. Taking that as a sign I could be wrong about him, I give up and drop down in the weed infested field. 
I look into Alexander’s crystalline blue eyes and say, “I give up. Why do you think I am the wingless Fae you are to be mated to and what do you mean break the curse of your people?” 
He pauses to think for a moment. “I was born to be mated to a wingless Fae, and if the legends are true, the wingless Fae doesn’t know she is a princess of the Neuri tribe. She was the first to have been born after the curse. The original witch gave her over to two female Fae when her mother died. Without this princess, all Neuri children will be born with this curse and on the eve of their twenty-sixth birthday, they will transform into werewolves from that day on. The only reason we exist is to fight the Strigoi who have ravaged our people from the beginning of time. This wingless Fae I speak of is over two hundred years old. She is the only creature in the world that can kill the elder Strigoi. My dear, if I am correct about you, and I am sure I am, you a huntress!” 
The air around me is feeling very thick as I take in everything he just said. No way is this true. Just then, as if in a dream, I hear a voice in my head telling me, you know it’s true. Everything is starting to make sense. I am the only wingless Fae in all of Nalla Vareim. My aunts keep telling me everyone has their story. They sure do hate it every time I want to come to the mortal world. Maybe, just maybe, he is telling you the truth. I know I have to know more. If this is true, what do I have to do? 
“I’m not saying I believe you, but what does this entail?” 
Alexander looks to be contemplating what I’ve asked him. “Once we are brought together as a mated pair, we will become a hybrid—half werewolf, half Strigoi. We must become hybrid because it is the only way we will be able to kill the original Strigoi.” 
Once I have a moment to take it all in, I finally grasp the situation I find myself in. I look at Alexander. “How do we find out if I am the Fae of your legends?” 
He smirks. “Well, we can fuck. We will know as soon as we are finished.” 
I notice he finds it amusing to make me squirm. As I try to regain my composure I feel warmth in my cheeks meaning I’m probably blushing at his crass comment. I’m not a school girl anymore so I have no idea why the mention of us fucking would make me blush. “And the other way of finding out is?” 
A genuine smile crosses his sexy lips. He licks them so slowly my panties become wet. It doesn’t help that I instantly picture him licking me. He notices I am flushed and quickly says, “We can go to the tribe leaders. They would know if it is you that I seek.”
Nodding my head in agreement, Alexander grabs my hand and we start off toward the dark woods. I hear warning bells in my head as I step into the freaky woods. Alexander tightens his grip on my hand when I start to lag behind. 
“We are safe. Nothing will get us. Our friends are all around us.”
When we break through the tree line, I notice a little village with small cabins just up ahead. He leads me to the largest of the cabins. We walk inside and he closes the door with a loud slam. He directs me to the loveseat next to the fireplace. Grateful, I nod my head and take a seat. I start to unwind but have no idea why I am feeling such a strange comfort since stepping into the village. 
Alexander must have guessed what I was wondering because he said, “It’s pack magic. We are in the safest place to be, other than Nalla Vareim of course.” 
As he finishes reassuring me, I feel a veil of grogginess lower over my head. I can’t think; I feel as if I’m asleep. The last thing I remember is Alexander rubbing my shoulders as I nestled into the nook of his strong arms. Home is all I can think. Then the world disappears around me.











* * * *

I awake to find myself in a very comfy, warm bed with… What the hell is in the bed with me! I poke at it and it stirs. I rub my eyes once, and then twice, thinking I’m still dreaming. Pinching my own arm, I hear a mumble as Alexander sits up and slowly rubs his arm in the same place where I pinched myself. 
“Ouch that hurts! Please don’t do that!”
Confused, I crawl to the end of the bed and draw my knees to my chest. I look down and see I am in a beautiful nightgown. One I have never seen; it is made of the softest red satin I have ever laid my eyes on. Glancing up at Alexander, who was now staring at me with a smirk, I see he is wearing nothing from the waist up. I have to fight the temptation to look under the blanket to see what he has going on down there. He has a huge tribal eagle tattoo over his heart and for some reason I can’t take my eyes off of it. As my mind wanders, I heard Alexander laugh. Finally, I can’t take it anymore. “What the fuck is going on?" 
When I curse, I see him wince as if it hurts his sensibilities. "You feel me? How do you feel what happens to me? And the last thing I remember is sitting with you on the couch, how did I get in this bed with you?” I flail my arms in exasperation. 
He slowly crawls across the bed, holding his hands up as if to show he has no intention of hurting me. I see he is wearing nothing, absolutely nothing at all! I gasp when I think that he was in bed with me like naked. Then I realized I had been naked at one point also. I stammered, “How did I get—” 
He cut me off, “I didn’t dress you. Your lady-in-waiting did. No, I didn’t try anything fresh with you, not that I was not tempted to.” 
I think I actually saw a slight blush when he said the last part. I know I certainly felt the warmth of a blush on my cheeks. In my confused state, I wonder why do I even care that he wanted to see me naked? 
I have always known that I am quite attractive to a certain type of man. I never was big on being miss girly-girl but I do like being a woman. I guess you can say I am my own kind of lady. I have quite a few tattoos, which I love. They follow the contours of my body. They were made especially for me. I have long black hair halfway down my back, very dark brown eyes, high cheek bones, and very white skin that tans extremely well.
Once I caught ahold of my thoughts, I see Alexander staring at me in a puzzled way. It was as if he was listening to my inner turmoil and not understanding the point of it. At that thought, I smiled. Then I decided to play with him and see if it would answer the question of whether or not he was listening to my thoughts. As I was about to start having another inner dialogue made just for him, he spoke up.
“I know you don’t want to gut me and yes, I can hear your thoughts. Yes, you are abrasive sometimes but I have received so much information in the time you were asleep. I can answer all your questions.” 
“Can we get a cup of coffee while we talk please?” 
He pushed a button on the wall next to the bed.
A lady walked briskly into the room. She looked very Native American. He asked for a fresh pot of coffee with vanilla cream and pastries to be brought into the suite for us. 
I smiled at her but she kept her eyes down and just nodded her head at him as she walked away. He turned to me and took my hands into his and just smiled.
Baffled I realized I actually didn’t have the urge to pull my hands away for some reason. It dawned on me I didn’t want to pull my hands away because it felt like they found their home. I nervously looked around. It looked like someone had transplanted a five star luxury hotel room into this small cabin in the middle of Alexander’s village. 
The walls are a cream color that seems to reflect the light from the overhanging small chandelier. The cream colored ceiling seems to have rainbows that are reflected from the light radiating onto it. The small loveseats in the sitting nook in the corner of the room appear to have the same beautiful cream color. The carpet is a very deep shag the same color as the rest of the suite, Man, someone here likes the color cream. Standing up I pretend to stretch my arms to the ceiling, I lean across the threshold of the sitting suite so I can get a better look at the four post king-size bed in the other part of the suite, a wicked smile starts turning up my lips. The metal rails of the headboard would make it fun to handcuff someone to. Pleased with myself, I let out a light giggle to only be brought back to the stark reality that I’m not alone! Alexander seems entirely too amused.
The maid brought in the coffee, vanilla cream and an abundantly stacked basket of pastries and berries with real butter and real whipped cream in their very own beautiful dishes. My mouth hung open in awe as I looked over the spread that took no longer than fifteen minutes to put together. There is a lot of explaining for him to do. As soon as the thought crossed my mind, Alexander laughed out loud and smiled. 
“You have no idea how much there is to explain! I will do my damnedest to tell you everything you need and want to know.” 
I smile, nod my head, and take a sip of my coffee. 
“While you were resting, the tribe leaders looked in on you. You do have the tribal marks that only the purest of us are born with. It has been confirmed. You are the wingless Fae we talked about earlier. You see, your mother gave birth to you when she was captured by the original Strigoi. She didn’t survive your birth, but for your safety our original medicine woman took you from her and gave you to your aunts. This all took place two centuries ago. In Nalla Vareim, you did not age in human years as mortals do. You come from the original tribe.” 
My mind is melting with all the information it is receiving. 
That’s enough. I can no longer sit by quietly so I yell, “What the hell do you mean first born? How the hell could I have been sent into hiding two centuries ago! This makes no sense. I am only twenty five years old!"
He looked at me and caressed my hand in an effort to comfort me before answering my questions. “I know this is hard to understand but you will see I’m not lying. I have no reason to deceive you. I am meant for you!” 
Flabbergasted I say, “What do you mean you are meant for me?” 
He gently catches my chin. “I was born for you. I am supposed to be your life mate, your protector, and above all your guide. This is why I can read your thoughts. I am the only one who can read your thoughts. Of course they were fuzzy at first but the more time I spend with you, the more in tune with you I have become.” 
We sit in an awkward, strained silence for several minutes. He breaks it by leaning in and kissing me lightly on the lips. I feel an amazing passion well up inside me. It feels as if it has been building up for centuries. This still makes no sense to me! I am with Alexander and at this moment, I don’t want to be anywhere but in his arms.
He takes me by the arm and slowly walks me toward the bed, under his direction I slowly cross the threshold; Alex lightly rubs his hand over the satin on the back of my nightgown as I casually sit on the picturesque bed. An alarm is going off in my head saying, this is wrong, you barely know him. My head is swimming with the enormity of what is about to transpire.
“It’s not wrong. You will get all the information you seek once I hold you. It will feel like it's crashing in on you. I need to be inside of you so our souls can be truly entwined. I have been bred for exactly this moment. I must warn you, there will be differences in both of us once this is over.” 
I am unable to think past this overwhelming need to be taken by him, all I can do is muster a slight moan. Taking my moan as a green light, he turns me toward him.
My breath catches in my throat when I feel his breath across my neck as he lightly kisses and then licks his way down my body. He is setting my skin on fire everywhere his tongue touches. I let go with a powerful compulsion and allow my hands to wander down his broad shoulders and slowly across his muscular chest. I can feel the fire building between my legs. It is as if someone has lit something deep inside me, that has never before been ignited. My body has never been so consumed by passion.
Apparently reading my mind again, his fingers quickly find my pink folds so warm and ready for him to probe in every possible way. Sliding a finger deep inside me, I cry out in pure ecstasy. He takes the moment I am caught up in my fire to slide the satin gown off my shoulders and let it fall to my hips. I feel his mouth on my breasts. The way he uses his mouth feels as if he has been starved for years. I feel the heat from his breath as he flicks my nipple in and out of his mouth. Quickly stifling the noises of my orgasm with the feather pillow I was propped against, his fingers continue to work their magic deep in me. His lips and tongue work their own magic on my breasts. Looking down I see his manhood thick, just waiting to be touched and licked and… Oh my, I can’t wait to have it in my mouth. 
Hearing my thoughts, he makes a low guttural growl deep in his chest. It pulls on strings in me that I didn’t know even existed. He slides down my body using his lips, tongue, and teeth. When he reaches my hips, he uses his teeth to help rip my satin gown in half. In utter shock, I am completely pliant under his touch. While his fingers are exploring the depths of the hot folds of my pleasure, he is licking his way to my most sensitive of places. I feel his hot breath and tongue on my inner thigh. I start writhing in the bed as he pushes my legs open even farther to accommodate his broad upper body. His fingers work me faster and faster as he places his tongue against my wet, warm, sex and starts to lap up what his remarkable fingers have already accomplished. I reach up and hold on to the iron bed rails for dear life. I start moaning in pleasure as he finishes me off with his mouth and heavenly fingers. I hear a loud guttural sound coming from deep inside him as he gets a mouthful of my sweet juices.
As he is licking my wetness from his fingers, another loud growl emanates from him and seems to make him even more eager to conquer my moistness. He sits up on his knees. I glance at his astounding manhood. It is throbbing and ready to enter me. I move my hand and take hold of his delicious member, sitting up so I can lick it from base to tip and back again. I reach down and cup his amazing balls. I hear him growl more as I tease him. He apparently won’t wait for my satiny pink folds any longer.
He grabs me by my legs and flips me over onto my stomach; spreading me, wide open with his strong hips. He thrusts his shaft into me with one swift mind blowing motion to nestle himself deep inside me. As if I were made for him, I accommodate the painful thickness of him. I gasp, not understanding how I am able to accommodate his massive girth. 
He notices my apprehension and whispers in my ear, “I won’t hurt you. I was made to be inside of you!” Groaning, he pushes the rest of his shaft deep inside my tight hot velvet cat. He thrusts in and out of me and I feel another amazing climax building to its apex. 
All I can manage to moan out is, “Slow down!” As soon as the words leave my mouth, he flips us so I am now on top of him. I feel the full brunt of his girth and moan so loud I wouldn’t be surprised if I rattled the walls! As I am gliding my wetness up and down on his shaft, he pulls me down to meet his eager mouth and kisses me so sensually I think I might stop breathing. I am reeling from our consuming passion and feel a pleasant pain on my lips as his teeth sink into them. I can’t help myself but to bite his lips in return. An amazingly warm, metallic taste rushes into my mouth. I am quickly consumed by him. Not being able to hold myself back any longer, my climax rocks his body as well as my own. Hearing him groan loud, I feel his seed spill deep inside my body. 
He suddenly leans back and then rubs his hands down my arms and smiles at me, “I told you we were made for each other!” 
I smile back at him as I let my eyes wander down his shockingly toned chest and arms. My eyes reach his left bicep and I see a skeleton wolf I swear it wasn’t there when I saw him sit up earlier. 
Alexander smiles kindly. “You have one also, my love. Apparently it is part of our mating being fulfilled.”
Jumping out of bed and running to the full length mirror, what I see staring back at me shocks the hell out of me. I put my shaking hand over my mouth to stifle the scream building in my throat. My eyes are no longer brown; they are now black and my body isn’t soft any more. It is lean muscle everywhere! When the shock of the tribal mark, my eyes, and body wear off, I feel the pain from sharp teeth protruding out of my lips and little drops of blood form at both corners of my cherry colored lips. Alexander takes this time to walk up behind me. Whimpering as I see his blue eyes are also black and his teeth have also lengthened. Seeing him the same as myself doesn’t shock me as much as hearing the growl escape from deep inside my throat. 
Alexander smiles and laughs as he realizes what I’m shocked about. “Most women would be worried about their appearance being different. You are upset about my eyes and you growling. I can’t believe how amazing you actually are. Now that we have mated, we will be with each other until the end of time!”
Smiling at him, a small giggle escapes my throat. He takes my hand and walks me toward the beautiful washroom. 

Chapter 7
LEA

When the flirtatious fun wears off Alexander gets all serious. “I need to bring you to where this all began. When we finish cleaning up and filling our stomachs, we need to start our training.” 
Blinking at him like he has four heads as I ask, “What kind of training do you mean? I am now a fucking vampire-werewolf-hybrid, or whatever you want to fucking call it! And why the hell can I hear voices in my head?”
He looks at me like I’m stupid. “That's me silly, well, and probably a few of our tribal ancestors mixed in.”
Soaking in what he just said, I smile and sigh in relief. “Well now I know I’m not insane!” 
He must think I'm joking because he laughs at me. Feeling affronted by his being so clueless to my discomfort, I grab my towel and make my way to the double headed shower. Stepping into the shower, I lean back out the door so he can hear me. “When you’re done being a smartass, I don’t mind if you join me, but until then you can fuck off.” I slam the shower door, laughing to myself, Round one goes to me!
I keep forgetting that he can hear what I think. He busts out with such a boisterous laugh it makes me stop mid-scrub. Finally, as if tuning into the voices in my head, he makes it clear to me that he didn’t mean to hurt my feelings, and I swear he told me to quit being such a whiny girl. I laugh out loud when I hear him call me a whiny girl! “You wouldn’t like me very much if I weren’t a girl!” “Touché.” enters my mind, followed by a loud laugh echoing in my head. 
Trying to speak as loud as I can over the shower, I tell him, “You know this is only confirming the fact these inner dialogues of ours are going to drive me insane!” I notice he is thinking on what I have just said to him. 
Stepping out of the shower, I am greeted by the same beautiful Indian woman from this morning.
 I look at her with a sweet smile on my lips and I can't stop the words from rolling off my tongue . “I have no clothes here. I have no idea what I’m supposed to wear.” Holy shit, I am a damn girl! I hear Alexander laughing in the bathroom. I can’t help but smile, knowing why he is laughing at me again. 
The Indian lady introduces herself to me. “My name is Meda, I am your lady-in-waiting, and I have already taken the liberty of getting clothes for you. I hope you will like them. I got your size from the clothes you were wearing earlier.”
I note Meda has a tick; every time she says anything, she flicks her long, thick, black hair off her shoulders. Her eyes are shaped like almonds and uniquely, they are almost the same color as almonds. Her cheek bones are so high that when she smiles her whole face lights up. It’s a wonder any of the men of this tribe ever get any work done with this beauty walking around. 
Meda guides me straight to the wardrobe in the bedroom. She opens the thick mahogany doors and hands me a pair of dark jeans and a black T-shirt. Just as I am about to inquire about undergarments, she reaches into a hidden drawer at the bottom of the wardrobe and hands me a black lacy bra with panties to match. I can’t help but marvel at how amazing these feel. I slide my legs into the tightness of the new faded jeans. By the time I am done putting on my clothes, I look around the room only to find a pair of socks and a pair of flat leather, knee-length boots awaiting me. 
Where did Meda go? 
After I finish dressing, I meet Alexander in the nook of our suite to finish our breakfast. When I finish devouring the blueberry muffins Meda was so sweet to bring for us, I reach for the coffee and curse at myself—as if it could possibly still be warm from before our lovemaking. To my delight, the coffee is still hot. Happy with my hot cup of coffee, I sit back and relax long enough to feel the heat from my black ceramic mug warm my hands. I smile because even as a hybrid or whatever the hell I am, I can still enjoy a good cup of coffee. 



* * * *

When we walk by the people in our village, Alexander glances at me with cool, calming thoughts. “These are your people; we have been waiting two centuries for you to come to us. They are all curious about the beauty on my arm.” 
As I smile at the villagers who glance my way, I keep moving along hand in hand with Alexander toward the dangerous darkness of the looming forest. 
Alexander looks at me and casually,asks me, "Are you ready to start our training?" He asked the question as casually as he would if he were asking if I wanted an ice cream cone.
I can't help but laugh nervously and nod my head in agreement, as we test out our newly acquired speed, that is definitely much quicker than any normal human could move, in the thick forest.
 
As we cross into a clearing that feels strangely like déjà vu, Alexander is already removing the large tree limbs and small but heavy trees piled in our way. My senses seem to be coming alive. Stopping so I can listen to what I can make out, I get an uneasy feeling every move we make is being watched. Alexander senses it too, which makes him move as fast as possible. Rushing to his side to help remove the immense pile of foliage, we are to able reach the middle of the mound. I am shocked to find a door. It looks to have never been opened.
Just in case we are being followed, I tap into our mental connection. "Why are we here?” 
He doesn’t answer me right away, instead he rushes to open the door and ushers me inside. “I wasn’t ignoring you, but we needed to get inside as quickly as possible. We aren’t the only ones that can telepathically communicate. To answer your question—this is where it all started.”
As I look around, I am surprised at how eerie this place looks and smells. I see massive roots hanging through what I’m now realizing are cavern walls. The farther down the winding stairs we get, the mustier the air is. I swear I am detecting a dark ancient magic inside these creepy walls. When we get to the base of the staircase, Alexander reaches against the wall grabbing at something. Suddenly a fire quickly erupts from the end of a large torch. Alexander moves ahead of me guiding us with the light of the torch. We get to the end of the hall and find a very heavy door. When I place my hand on the door, I feel an awe inspiring wave of power rush through me. Alexander senses my unease and pushes the door open. He disappears into the darkness only to be quickly backlit by a bright fire. As soon as he lights the fire, he proceeds to light one in each corner. The eerie feeling I get in the pit of my stomach sends chills down my spine. Something, or someone, is watching us. 
Alexander must feel it also because he rushes to my side and speaks to me through our connection. “This is where it all started. This is where the original witch twisted the curse we now bear. Your mother was the leverage used against the witch to get her to twist it. Ciarra was the witch’s name. It was Ciarra who saved your life when your mother went into labor. She also saved the Faeries, who you know as your aunts. They were being held here as the original Strigoi’s slaves.” 
Leaning into Alexander, I welcome his strong embrace. The moment I our bodies touch, my body responds by yearning for him to touch me in places not befitting this cave. Letting out a giggle, I quickly try and sneak under his strong arm. Walking around him, I carefully plan out my next words. “So this is where it all started? Why do I feel overwhelming darkness everywhere I turn?”
He knew where I was going with it and began pacing back and forth in front of one of the fire pits. “My dear there is a horrible darkness consuming this place. I can only tell you of our legends and one of them is of a terrible evil. I guess it would be considered a demon. It was released when Ciarra twisted her curse. I know not where the demon is, however he is never far from this horrid place.” 
I’m pretty sure he just said a demon is here among us. I look around only to have my gaze drawn time and time again to a long altar made of solid rock in the center of the large room.
Not being able to stop myself, I walk toward it. I get right up on it and notice an almost black, shiny finish to the altar. It looks an awful lot like dried blood. When I reach out and touch it, my worst fears are revealed. “It is dried blood! Whose blood is it?”
I can’t help but think it’s my mother’s blood. 
Hearing my thought about my mother, Alexander wraps his arms around me the best he can to comfort me. “It’s not your mother’s blood, I swear to you. Your mother gave birth in a chamber down the hall. No harm came to her other than the frailty of her body which gave out during childbirth.” 
The words weren’t even off his tongue when we are plunged into total darkness. Even our torch was extinguished. I held myself closer to Alexander. 
He eagerly says, “I guess we start our training now!” 
Trying to get away from the noise I hear, a thunderous roar that makes me believe Alexander is tracking the beast that upon opening my eyes is standing within two feet of my current position. This is fucking training?
Willing my feet to carry me, as far from the nine foot tall, goat-legged red beast as possible, I finally get a good look at it. When our eyes meet, I am drawn to the fact this monster has, eyes shaped like a goat. I guess they match the fact his feet are hoofed like an animal also. Instead of seeing two arms and two legs, he has four sets of what appear to be sharp curves I can only describe as claws at the end of his three pronged hands. It also has horns.
I try to stick close to Alexander as this ferocious, snarling, massive beast of the netherworld descends upon us. The last thing I see before being flung like a damn ragdoll across the cave is a clawed hand slashing my right shoulder. When I finally get my eyesight to clear, I notice Alexander’s hands are now claws. His teeth are glistening with the bright red blood of this nefarious beast. Even now, I can’t help but think Alexander is the sexiest thing I have ever laid my eyes upon. 
I am watching Alexander hold his own, and he connects with me, “A little help here! If we rip its head off, its body will be useless. Help me tear it apart.” 
I surprise myself with the speed I propel myself with from against the cavern wall. The moment I launch myself across the room, my teeth descend and my hands are nothing but massive claws. All I can think about is spilling as much of this creature on the ground as possible. As I get closer, I am met with a clawed hand going straight through my left shoulder. Damn it, as if his claws didn’t do enough damage the first time around. Surprisingly with his claw stuck inside my shoulder and my meat and muscles hanging loosely out around my shoulder blade, I feel no pain. Laughing at it, I reached up and use my claws to rip the hand stuck to me from his wrist. All that was remaining was a stump. I reach down and rip the clawed appendage out of my shoulder. Now, I’m not going to lie, ripping it out fucking hurts! 
I throw myself onto its back as Alexander is straddling its face with his muscular legs. Now working together, we both claw and chew at his thick neck until our claws and foreheads meet in the middle. Alexander, knowing we are victorious, do backflips with the demons head in his hands. Seeing a giant fire light, I spot Alexander, bloodied, and clawed, throwing the head into the raging inferno. As the body hit the ground, I looked upon what we had accomplished with awe. I am still having problems grasping the fact I am a monster now. 
With his new found speed, Alexander rushes to me, takes me in his arms, and holds me. I lift my face to his only to see it covered in blood. He takes that as an invitation to close the distance and sensually places his lips against mine. His tongue quickly finds my mouth eager to be conquered by his sweet bloody mouth. I can’t help but get wrapped up in the moment and quickly find myself relishing in this bloody passion I now find myself. Our passion was short lived as the rest of the fires began lighting. I look around while keeping my back snuggly placed against Alexander’s muscular frame. As I press harder into him, I feel his thickness pressed against my ass. 
I can’t help but laugh and tap our connection. “Really? Now?” 
With a thunderous clapping of hands, we are rudely snapped back to reality. The sound echoes off every nook and cranny this immensely vile cave holds. When we finally pinpoint the location of the noise, we are met by a tall, dark, red-eyed creature. His large frame stands more than nine feet tall, and his skin is translucent showing blue spidery veins traversing his horrid face. 
Alexander apparently recognizes the creature and whispers, “Vemeri.”
I take this moment to link our thoughts and ask him, “Who the hell is he?”
 His one word reply startles the hell out me. “Original!” Alexander steps in front of me to look Vemeri in the eyes and then asks him, “Where, are the other five?” 
Vemeri laughs at the question. “Obviously not here or your little huntress would be dead by now!”
In all his glory, Alexander launches at him. I notice he is able turn into his awesome, monstrous self-mid-lunge. Vemeri, clearly sensing the attack, side steps. Alexander anticipates the move and adjusts his own movements. I find myself transforming into whatever the hell it is I am. I look at my hands; they now have the huge claws, again. My teeth are so sharp they cut my lips when I accidentally press them into my bottom lip. I encounter the sweet, metallic taste of blood trickling out of my wound as I lick my lips and sync my moves with Alexander's. 
I launch myself high into the air. As I descend, I attack Vemeri from the side. Alexander maneuvers him into my trajectory. Instead of scoring a hit on the Strigoi, Vemeri kicks me across the room. My lungs feel like they are trying to inhale glass when I land in a broken heap of muscle and bone. Instantly my femurs start to mend and I double over from the pain caused by my impact with the wall. I am sure I am turning purple from the lack of oxygen. This only pisses me off more though. Once my bones are whole once more, I catapult myself into the air again. This time I am met by Vemeri being tossed like a dog’s chew toy by Alexander. When I look at Alexander he is no longer just a half anything; he is full-fledged werewolf. As I start to claw and bite at the only body part put in my path, I glance up only to see a leg flying past my face. All I can think is “Asshole, you almost hit me!” 
I am met with Alexander's snickering as I pull my mouth free from Vemeri’s throat. Deep in my mouth and hanging from my bloody lips, is the Adam's apple of a once powerful original Strigoi. Blood gushes up and out and seems to cover every surface in its path. Hearing wet choking sounds, I pull my head back, I spit the Adam's apple out of my mouth. I lick the dripping blood from my fingertips and watch as Vemeri’s eyes glaze over and his body begin to involuntarily twitch; my first kill of an original hits the floor with a bloody splat. I step back for a second to marvel in our victory once more. 
When I look at Alexander, he is dazzlingly naked and covered in Vemeri’s blood from head to toe. I smile at him and feel and overwhelming need to touch him but settle for the less depraved action of saying, “I love you! One down, five to go!”

 Chapter 8
Alexander

I am startled awake, I find Gaius standing in our bed chambers. As I crawl out of bed, I notice how absolutely beautiful Lea looks. Trying hard, but failing several times to remove my gaze from her lovely features, I am finally able to pull myself away to deal with business only to have one thought cross my mind, Mine. I quietly sneak out of the bed feeling reassured that she could sleep through a hurricane. I direct Gaius to the sitting room attached to our suite. 
Gaius explains the Strigoi descendants of the original we killed last night are on the move for our tribal lands. Unless we meet them on the outskirts near the forest, it will be a massacre. I have to wake Lea and let her know about our dire situation. Telling Gaius I will deal with this and the orders will be put out within the hour for himself and the rest of my army, I dismiss him.



* * * *
Lea
As I wake, I feel Alexander’s amazing lips pressed against mine and all I can think is this is the best way to wake up. Alexander explains the progeny of the original we killed last night are moving on the tribe's land, our land. I recall the same smiling, sweet faces we saw last night. It is too hard to comprehend anything happening to them.Our only hope to keep the monsters from getting to our people is to meet them at the edge of our lands. As I'm contemplating, what it is we are up against I have an idea. Smiling at Alexander, I excitedly tell him, “I can call on my people from Nalla Vareim! They will come aid me in anything I need. My sister, Zariseda, will drop everything if I just say the word.”
Alexander smiles as he thinks about what I have just told him. Finally he responds, “My army needs no assistance but in order to prevent more bloodshed, I would more than appreciate the Faes’ help. I just have to tell my brother Gaius what orders to give the men. How long do you think it will take before you can have word of the arrival of your Fae?” 
I nod my head in agreement and smile as I see he isn’t looking forward to the looming battle. “The sooner I contact her the sooner she will port here.”
I pull out my pulsating crystal to connect with Zariseda who immediately answers me with a snarky comment, “Well, well, well. Thought we misplaced you somewhere! What is it you require of me, dear sister of Nalla Vareim?”
Not being able to help myself, I smile and laugh as I hear and can only imagine the funny faces she is making at me on the other side of the crystal. Realizing Alexander is awaiting an answer on the arrival of my brethren, I finally get to the point. “I need you, and any other brethren you can gather in as quick a fashion as possible. Our tribe’s village is being threatened by the army of the original Strigoi we slayed yesterday evening! Please come at once, my dear sister!” Strained in her speech she responds with a breathless, “It will only be me, my dear sister the rest of the brethren are wrapped up in a war of their own.”
Alexander reaches out and caresses my hand as I finish talking with her. As I start to melt into him, I notice a thickness in the air and what looks like a distortion in the left corner of the suite. Squeezing his hand, I realize it's my Zariseda. I rush to the corner just as she bursts through the distortion in all her winged magnificence! I am always so damn jealous of her gorgeous iridescent blue wings, and her tiny waist, with ample bosom, which always sparks the interest of the Fae men. For some strange reason she seems smaller than me. We used to be the same size but now she is a few inches shorter. She has always been a beautiful creature! Her green eyes look even more defined on her delicate features today, as if they are glowing. Quickly I envelop her small body in a tight embrace. Zariseda gasps for air when she realizes this creature hugging her is her Lea.
 “What in all of Nalla Vareim has happened to you? You look different, very predatory. I feel like I should run or pull out my warding crystal! You are absolutely splendid, Lea!”
As much as I adore having her near me, I seem to have forgotten I am a predator now. I don’t know how I am to explain this transformation to my dearest sister! Gathering the courage, I can only say, “Much to explain my dearest sister, right now we must prepare for battle!” 
She nods. “I have to report back to them on the severity of this situation your tribe has found itself in.” 
I squeeze her arm in response as I turn to Alexander with a large smile. “Let’s get this crazy ass show on the road!”
With a gentle chuckle, he steps forward to grasp Zari’s hand in a proper introduction. Giggling with the awareness, I have completely lost my mind and proper manners in not introducing them. Sweet words cross my weary mind.
“Relax love.” 
I can’t help but feel immensely better knowing I'm not alone with my dark thoughts anymore.
(Realizing Zari doesn’t know about our ability to converse in our minds,) Noticing Zari seems to be lost in the inner dialogue going on between Alexander and I, I smile at her and say, “We will get reacquainted as Alexander addresses his general. I must warn you, other than myself, my dearest sister, the tribe’s people have never been around any Fae, especially one as beautiful as you are.” 
I walk Alexander to the chamber doors only to find his mouth hot and ready waiting for me. The quick embrace leaves me with only one thought, Make love to me. I get a quick response.
”Soon my love,” Alexander answers me as he walks out the door. 
What has come over me, especially with Zari in the room? The slam of the door makes me snap back to my reality. Zari has now unknowingly wrapped herself in the evil befalling us all. What the hell will my aunts think of this situation I'm in?
Zari closes the short distance between us and entwines herself around me. I feel and smell the warm embrace of Nalla Vareim calling to me as I am sucked into an amazing feeling of comfort and otherworldly love radiating out of her every pore.
My newly found bloodlust seems to be welling up in me as we embrace. I feel like ripping my dearest sister’s throat out. Backing away, I reach out to Alexander over our connection, “I'm in a world of trouble. I want to fucking eat her! Hurry back to me as quickly as you can.”
Zari notices my apprehension as I tighten my shoulders when I feel her soft red hair brush my skin. Acting like it’s nothing, I direct her to our sitting room to have a cup of coffee and summarize the dreadful circumstances for her.
I pour her coffee and try to fill my own cup as slowly as possible, not really wanting to tell her everything about the thick, the bad, and the fucking bloody. Where to start?
“As you know my aunts aren’t my aunts; the reality of it is much darker than any of us could ever dream of. I really don’t think my aunts know the enormity of it! Apparently, I was born of the Neuri tribe over two centuries ago. I was the first born of a retched curse we now face. When this curse was twisted by Ciarra, the medicine woman of the tribe, it was only for protection. The original Strigoi took Ciarra as well as my mother Kimi to make sure she twisted the curse the way they wanted her to. Apparently as part of the deal, Ciarra made sure Kimi would be released safely when she finished twisting it. Ciarra wasn’t so lucky. As one of the originals carried Kimi off to safety, Ciarra was ravaged by the other and was then turned into one of the Strigoi. Kimi later gave birth to me, but her fragile body wasn’t able to recover from the damage childbirth had caused her. Ciarra saved me when my mother died, then saved my aunts who were being held as slaves by the original Strigoi’s. When Ciarra released my aunts they brought me to Nalla Vareim to live out these last two centuries under the safety of our people.”
Zari put her hands up for me to stop as if this is a fairytale she has heard many times over. My new temper flairs but I realize she isn’t being condescending, she really is just trying to understand this damned curse I am talking about. So, I get my anger under control.
“Can you please get to the part about why you smell like a damned predator?” she says impatiently. 
I laugh as I notice her eyes widening when she starts talking about me as if I am a monster. I put my hands up in surrender and say with a smirk plain as day plastered on my newly reddened lips. “Okay, I'm getting to that part. You see Ciarra twisted the curse in a new way, a bad way, but in order to keep some balance against the originals she had to add a loophole for her tribesmen. It dictated one mated pair would be born who are destined for one another, should they find each other will transform into half werewolf, half Strigoi, Hybrid I guess you will call it. It is the only way we would be strong enough to kill an original Strigoi.”
“Whoa what the hell do you mean by we? You and Alexander are that pair?”
I shake my head not knowing if this will send her running home never to be seen again but as I watch her, she blinks a few times then just smiles at me only to return my curious looks with, “I knew that you smelled different, my nose couldn’t, and wouldn’t lie to me!” She giggles.I on the other hand am completely flabbergasted by this whole situation.. 
How could she know this about me and not tell me! Her giggles are short lived as I become angrier, trying to keep my temper in check and slowly, but damned surely, I am failing. I stand up and pace in front of her as she sits on the loveseat, attempting to reign in my quickly escalating temper. I exhale finally when I realize I was holding my breath.
Zari stands and snaps me out the trance I find myself in once she is standing face to face with her brilliant wings. Smells of home wipe all anger from my newly tarnished soul. She puts both her arms on my shoulders and around my neck. This small act of kindness and sisterly love helps me understand she isn’t trying to hurt me.
Just as I am about to embrace her in this warmth of our familiar love, a knock sounds on the chamber door. I quickly turn away. “Come in.”


Chapter 9
Lea

When the doors open, Gaius steps into the room in all his masculine glory and quickly notices we have company. As I move closer to the long dark haired ruggedly handsome man standing in front of us, Zari inches closer and closer to us. When I turn to her with a smirk, I feel her wing brush excitedly against my arm. Giggling, I try to introduce them properly before Zari melts into a puddle at his handsome feet. “Zari this is Alexander’s brother and general of his army. Gaius, this is Zari, my sister from Nalla Vareim.”
I step back and watch as they attempt all the proper niceties and Zari seems to be lulled into silence by this strong hunk of a man standing before her. When introductions have been properly returned, I see Gaius’ gaze turn to me but then return to the breathtakingly beautiful Zari repeatedly. Finally, I capture his gaze with a knowing smirk. 
Stammering Gaius reacts. “We have to go, the battle is near, we have our army at the ready; we are just waiting on you two.”
Just as I'm pulling my boots on, Alexander rushes into the room. Zari apparently sees her chance to be alone with Gaius and quickly takes Alexander’s presence as an excuse to leave.
“Are you ready, my love? This is going to be a very long and bloody battle.”
I notice the sincerity in his eyes when looking at me. “I will be fine my love, we handled the demon and original Strigoi alone; did we not? I can’t see any reason I won’t be ready having you, Zari, Gaius and the rest of the tribe at my side!”
Just as we finish our reassurances, I hear a commotion in the hall, apparently Alexander’s youngest brother, who I am just now learning of, is bitching about not being able to join in the fight. Trying my damnedest to look around Alexander, I am met by another strong, black haired younger version of Alexander. The only difference I can see is he doesn’t have Alexander’s outstanding physical stature. He has long black hair and blue eyes without being eerily beautiful. Obviously, like his older brothers, he is a force to be reckoned with. 
Alexander just keeps adamantly saying “No!” Feeling him reel in his temper, he speaks softer. “You have not come of age yet. We cannot take the chance of you getting killed!” 
I wince knowing exactly what the younger brother is feeling and try to insert myself into the conversation with a lighter note.
“Wow! Are there any other brothers I need to know about?” Giggling and happy with myself, I give Alexander “the” look and he just chuckles at me. Alexander takes the hint and uses the proper manners and responds to my taunting him,
“This is our youngest brother Luke. He has not come of age yet and therefore he won’t be joining us during the battle.” 
I look at Luke and give him a sincerely apologetic look. “I'm sure we can find something for him to do for us.”
“Yes, I'm sure we can find something to make him feel useful,” he says, and Lukes face lights up.
I jump into his arms happy we have made Luke’s day a little brighter. 
“However we have to get a move on, the Army is ready and waiting on us.” 

Chapter 10
Lea

We step outside into the dark, crisp spring air; the air is thicker than I remember. When we get to the formation, I see why everything is feeling so– strange to me. I step back in shock. Alexander is at my back calmly using our link. 
“We had to prepare for the looming battle my love; they are in their true form. Don’t be scared. You are one of us now.” As soon as he drops our link, he transforms into a magnificent black haired, looming beast. I look into his eyes and then I swear I see him smile with his huge, ferociously sharp fangs. I laugh out loud at the sight of him trying to smile to keep me calm, while he is standing there, eight feet tall.
As I finish laughing at my tribal leader and mate, I forget we are in the presence of his entire army. His hairy werewolf army. Oh but they are a sight. If someone is stupid enough to fight us, they’ll face eighty nine mature werewolves with massive claws sticking out of enormous paws. I don’t think even one of them stands less seven feet tall at the ready. I notice they take on their true hair color when they transform. Alexander has black hair with ice blue eyes as in his human form thus his werewolf has the same. Alexander takes his place in front of the tribe but instead of words, I hear him in my weary mind speaking to his tribal men.
“We face a worthy opponent today. My Lea and I faced a demon and an original yesterday evening. We are standing before you asking for you to possibly lay your life down for the greater good of the tribe. The curse cannot and will not ever be broken if we cannot go out there and stop these cruel bloodthirsty creatures out there screaming for our people’s blood. We must send them to the netherworld, never to be seen or torture another of ours again!”
I can’t help but have a massive amount of pride well up inside of me. This wonderfully powerful man is mine!
The army who listened almost trance-like to Alexander’s speech are now hooting and hollering at the thought of the upcoming blood shed, soon to be in our grasp.
Gaius takes his place on Alexander’s right side and I sense them communicating but have no bearing on how Alexander has shut me out. I am just getting a fuzzy thought field instead of actual thoughts. For some damn reason this angers me. I don’t seem to understand how to shield my own thoughts from him yet. I know when this battle is over; the first thing on my list will be to figure this out. I feel a flutter come up behind me as I see Zari take her spot on my right. 
She faces me and smiles as she says, “Time to suit up my dearest sister.” 
As if on command, I transform to my new frightening self.
I feel my fangs growing as I smile back at Zari and can see her fight the urge to take a step back. When I get a grasp on how I'm changing, I can see why she seems anxious. My normal hands have disappeared, and in their place are massive claws once again.
My mind keeps playing tricks on me as I have flashbacks of the cave of when I used my claws and newly sharpened teeth to rip a demon’s hand off. For some reason these memories ignite a yearning deep in my core. Alexander and I still haven’t spoken about how, and why I am having a battle with my bloodlust. I know I sure as hell will be bringing this up once this whole debacle is over. Also on the conversation topic list will be him not introducing me to his brothers as well as not teaching me to shield my thoughts. As soon as the anger seeps into my psyche I notice Alexander back in my mind. 
“Apparently you were more worried about getting a piece of ass than introducing me to your brothers or teaching me necessities! This can and will be dealt with later!”
Zari, noticing my temperament change, places a hand on my right shoulder. As soon as I feel her warmth, I swear there is a trickling of power radiating from me. What the fuck is that? Zari backs up as if I had burned her, rubbing her hand where it had recently been in contact with my skin. I can’t help but turn away from Alexander to look at my dear sister only to come up astonished. Feeling so much aggression building inside me, Alexander rushes to my side. The closer he gets the better I start to feel. 
Reaching for our connection, I only have questions waiting for him. “What is going on with me? Why am I always so damn angry? Why do I want to eat my sister?” 
He responds to me in a calming manner. “When we mated, we sealed our fates, you feel as I feel likewise for me. You are still you, just much stronger; everything is more powerful when you are a supernatural creature. Unfortunately, we have two types of supernatural temperaments to deal with. To answer your question, you will always have the thirst for blood, but we don’t need it to survive; we just have to control ourselves. Now let’s go kill us some Strigoi. It should most definitely help you with your bloodlust.”
He smiles as if his mate didn’t just reveal to him she wants to rip some throats out. 
I just smirk back at him as I turn back to Zari to apologize for the new found powers I didn’t know existed until now.
We act like nothing happened as we step into the woods in a companionable silence. I know if I am going to die, I wouldn’t want anyone other than Zari and Alexander by my side. 
The only light we have to guide us in the deep forest is the large moon safely nestled away at the top of the pine trees. Why we are moving at night and not slaying these beasts in their sleep is beyond me. As the clearing becomes visible ahead of us, I feel an overwhelming need to rush ahead. Just as my feet are about to carry me farther, Alexander reaches out and takes me by the shoulder. When we are face to face, he kisses my lips with a consuming passion that ignites a flame deep inside me. Calmness washes over me just as quickly as the passion dissipates from my core. 
When I look around, I see Alexander and I are the only two in the field. I realize this is part of the strategy and force myself to not look back for the others.
Just as the calmness seeps into my very soul, I feel a tremendous shaking in the ground, like an earthquake is approaching us.
“Prepare my Love!” 
Life seems to be moving at a sluggish pace in front of me. The air starts to distort as I see Alexander with thick blood and other gore covering his astounding black muzzle. When I look at where all the blood is coming from, I am affronted by the sight of many Strigoi lying in a heap at his feet, the majority of them ripped to pieces as the lucky ones are only disemboweled. As I finally tear my gaze from the carnage at his feet, I notice I have a pretty nasty pile in front of me also. Trying to look for faces and failing, I see they have all been mangled beyond repair. When I pick up my feet, I notice the blood has pooled up over my new black boots. Standing in a thick puddle of blood of my own damn creation! Did I do this? Was this the not being in control as Alexander spoke of? I will have to deal with this at a later time.
I again feel electricity in the air but instead of seeing a bloody pile of savages at my feet, I see a wondrous flash of lightning illuminate the beautiful night sky. In that flash of light, I am able to see the other Neuri coming out of the woods at the backs of the remaining Strigoi minions.
As I circle around with Alexander, we put our backs against each other as we prepare to meet with the Neuri warriors coming from the surrounding tree line. 
Finally feeling we are prepared for the remainder of the battle to commence, I see the sky starting to lighten with streaks of picturesque pinks and purples as the beginnings of dawn quickly approaches. 
The Strigoi seem to feel the approaching dawn as they take to the sky at alarming speeds I have never before witnessed.
Alexander quickly turns me around to face him, when our gazes meet, we are no longer beasts. Seeing concern written all over his ruggedly handsome features, I can’t help but pull my eyes away from his seemingly sympathetic eyes only to realize quickly I can’t hide in my own head. Oh yeah, I forgot I’m pissed at him for not teaching me how to shield my internal battles from him. It’s as if his scrutiny peers into my very soul every time he looks me in the eyes. Knowing I lost control tonight even in the middle of battle seems to be even less reassuring to me, just as I thought it would be. 
Alexander breaks my concentration by using our connection only to comfort me. “I am here, my love. I will help you gain control of this new beast we have become. I will love you until the end of days my dearest Lea.” 

Feeling elated as I walk hand in hand with Alex. Looking down I notice my black pants, black shirt and my new combat boots are all covered in the gore that has become of the Strigoi army we ripped to pieces. Sloshing in my new wet boots I feel this new anger consuming me as I realize my toes are squishing in fucking blood. The closer to the village we get this overwhelming anguish radiates through me, to my very being. By the time I realize these aren’t my emotions, digging deeper they aren’t Alexander’s either; just as I am scratching at his emotions I feel a wall thud between our connection. Suddenly I am alone again with my darkest thoughts, what the hell is that? 
I begin to have problems putting one foot in front of the other, I feel a splatter as if rain is falling but when I glance skyward there is not a cloud in the sky. Staggering one more time before my eyes focus on an object high in the trees, I place my hand on the wetness on my face and am met with a crimson smear that seems to be coming from the objects in the trees. When my eyes grasp the nature of the object high in the branches I drop to my knees knowing this is one of ours but I am not sure who.
 Hanging in the trees above our heads is an arm from someone in the Neuri tribe. I quickly stumble to my feet in an attempt to run, looking around quickly I notice Alex is nowhere to be found. The panic sets in as I realize I am utterly alone, there is a body of someone in the trees, and I don’t know where my fucking mate is. The faster my feet rush me across the foliage on the forest floor I start getting a stronger smell of a sickeningly sweet aroma as I move further onto the path. 
Each step I take I am met with more splattering from above, knowing what I am going to see when I glance skyward I chance it and am struck by more horror seeing the trees lining the path I am on leading to the village is strewn with every body part you can imagine, its fresh, within ten minutes fresh. The sweet smell accosts my nostrils and I breathe deep knowing I shouldn’t, but for some reason I can’t stop myself. Not now! I don’t have time to deal with this shit again! Get control of yourself, you have been neck fucking deep in blood for the past two days control it! 
Suddenly I drop, feeling as if my chest is in a vice grip, with a torment that is so consuming that my blood feels like hot lava pulsing through my veins. My soul feels a wrath it has never been touched with. Trying to catch my breath and failing miserably as I start gasping at the precious air that is eluding me, I flail on the forest floor for the precious oxygen I am just now slowly being able to drink in. 
 I pull myself together as quickly as possible and I start feeling Alexander’s presence in a stained sorrow on my soul. I get to my feet for the second time in the last five minutes, and rush the rest of the way up the path keeping my eyes to the ground; the air thickens around the crowd that is circled around something in the center. 
Pushing my way through the sorrowful people my eyes are quickly drawn to my mate on his knees in front of a stake in the ground with a head on it. Feeling this utter fear, I rush to his side. The sinking feeling in the pit of my stomach is empathized when I see Luke’s broken, severed head on the top of the stake. 
When I distinguish the damage done to his face I notice his ears are missing, eyes have been removed, and his tongue had to be pulled from his bleeding mouth, when he was still alive.
 The knowledge of who did this is burning its way through my head and not knowing how to make a wall to block Alexander he glares at me in understanding. Rubbing his back telling him how sorry I am this happened Gaius pushes himself through the crowd forcefully yelling for Alexander. Alexander looks up at his younger brother with a hatred that has seeped into him, Gaius reaches down and grabs his brother by the shoulders and pulls him to him, patting him on the back while they walk in their own silence, while still knowing what they each are thinking. Before walking away Alexander turns to the crowd, with a roaring voice,
“Don’t just stand there! You stand there as if your tears that fall upon the blood of my youngest brother are going to change anything! Gather up every fucking piece of my little brother so we can bury him whole at nightfall!” 
 When he is done addressing the Neuri tribes people he takes off his thick black leather trench coat and places it over his brothers head. Placing his hand on his brother’s head tenderly, and leaning over so only he can hear, he whispers something to the lifeless remnants of his baby brother. Turning he looks at me with eyes so dreary from the pain he is in and turns to his only living brother and walks off without even a backwards glance at the rest of us.
 Still standing in sheer shock staring at the once vibrant, handsome young man, whose head is now on a stake in front of us, I feel a gentle hand brush my back in a comforting motion. 
Knowing the smell and the feel of the hand I turn quickly and throw my arms around Zari’s neck, she squeezes me lightly and hums a Fae lullaby into my ear to calm me, as my lungs start burning and the tears sting my eyes. Zari leans back brushes the hair from my face with concern, but when our eyes meet I see the horror written all over her face. Disturbed by the look Zari is giving me I start rubbing my face only to feel the same features I have recently been blessed with, other than the features my tears are the only thing new. When I pull my moist hands back from my wet cheeks I notice they are stained in crimson, not just a few streaks of crimson, my whole damn hand is cover in blood. Zari slowly guides me towards our cabin in the far back corner against the mountain, soothing noises are coming from Zari whether she realizes it or not just her presence is a comfort to me. 

Zari and I walk in troubled silence into the cabin and hear Alex and Gaius in the suite talking loudly about Luke being gone. Silence suddenly breaks through the rooms and captures both Zari and I. 
Directing me to the sofa she rushes to the sink to wet a washcloth and brings it back to me to wipe my face, as to not cause any more alarm then already raised by Luke’s death. 
Silently I mouth the words, “I’m sorry” to her as she brushes her hand down my left cheek in a quiet companionship. 
The double doors open to the suite and Gaius steps into the sitting room, eyes wild in a silent distraught fury, he moves across the room and stares at Zari in an unspoken understanding, he then turns left and leaves quickly slamming the door on his hasty exit. 
Alex steps into the room and makes eye contact with me as Zari stammers for the right words but manages,
“I’m going to step out while you two talk about what transpired this evening. Alexander I’m sorry you will have to know the pain of losing a sibling, we will get them, every last one of them!” Zari exits hastily after she finishes talking. 
Alex stares into the fire to the right of me. I quietly contemplate what I need to say to him to make him feel better. But I am still left with the stark reality of how I am ever going to make him feel better after losing his little brother. I just cross the distance of the sitting room to Alexander’s side to wrap myself around him as much as humanly possible. Melting into his strong broad body I feel him melt right back into me, when I glance up he is staring at me kind of like Zari did, the only difference is he has an alarmed look as he clears his throat he asks,
“Have you been hurt? You have blood all over your face.”
Pulling back I stammer as he looks me over, “umm, no I’m not hurt I was crying. Apparently when I cry, I cry blood I think.” 
Stepping back another step Alex rushes to the mirror on the wall behind the sofa and looks at his face but has a questionable look in the reflection.
 I interrupt the silence by saying, “I see no blood on your face, have you cried blood?”
 Alex responds by shaking his head yes and replying, “I don’t even want to pretend I know what is going on, but we will figure out what it is happening to you my love. Right now, there are more pressing matters, like what do you mean by who did this. How do you know?”
 Shaking my head no, I close the gap between us and respond, “I’m not sure but the Greeks used the mutilations like those on people they wanted to walk blind, deaf, and mute through the underworld. Maybe that’s a clue to who these monsters are.” 

Chapter 11
Lea

The funeral pyre towers ten feet tall before me. Layers upon layers of wooden plywood hold up the slanted trees Alexander had upended for his little brother’s memorial service, some of the oldest trees of the Adirondack forest. But it doesn’t matter: all that matters now is that Luke is gone. 
I stand just behind Alexander’s left shoulder, his only remaining brother, Gaius, mirroring my stance on Alexander’s other side. I watch his face as his brow furrows deeper and set my hand gently on his shoulder. A soft response of thanks is whispered into my mind by my mate, 
“Thank you my love,” Alexander’s voice imparts. Feeling his hand gently pat my own, I can sense the slight hesitation in his caress. While I know everything he is thinking, feeling his pain is a different sensation altogether. Knowing hopelessness is nestled so deep inside me, like the darkness I try and fail so miserably to forget about every chance I get, makes me unsure. I don’t know how I am supposed to help him other then be in his arms when he opens them to me. 
When Gaius grips Alexander’s shoulder, the emptiness intensifies, burning in my own chest too. Even though he knows Luke is dead, the realization that Alexander must burn him on the pyre only now pushed its way to the forefront of his mind. 
Alexander and Gaius walk forward together, standing before the immense crowd, as each of them grab a small tree to set fire to Luke. Tipping the trees into a burning cast-iron pot, they set the small trees ablaze. Alexander’s shoulders tense; the sniffles coming from the audience are getting on his last nerve. He shakes his head and continues, Gaius by his side, toward the funeral pyre where they reach out with their blazing trees to set Luke’s resting place afire. 
The wrath builds inside Alexander—I can feel it in my own bones— and I shed a tear for his fallen brother. The red droplet lands on my sleeve and I whip around as the true severity of me crying hits me. The tribe’s people back away from me as fast as their feet can carry them with whispers of me hanging in the air. With their stares on me, and Alexander’s pain pounding in my ears I rush toward him. When his eyes reach mine, the horror that bursts into the connection of our mating pierces me as deeply as anything ever could. 
“Lea—” 
That’s all he says before I turn and run. 

A few feet from the doorway to our cabin two hands settle on my shoulders from behind and forcefully twist’s me around. The breath inside me halts but whooshes out in relief when I see that it’s Zari, pulling me in for a tight embrace. I bury my face into her shoulder then pull back just as quickly. Her silky green grown is not meant for streaks of bloody tears. “Stop this non-sense,” she scolds. “You know I don’t give a fuck about my dress!” I look up into her emerald eyes to see the tenderness that I know has always been there, but I’ve never needed until now. 
Zari whispers in my ear with a reassuring tone. “We need to get back to the funeral.” I nod my head as Zari pulls a napkin from her purse and wipes the blood from my face. Sucking up the disdain I feel toward this monster that I have become, I let her clean me up with a quickness of which only the fae are capable. 
“Thank you,” I manage to say with trembling lips. She smiles and takes me by the hand, guiding me slowly back to the funeral pyre. 
Stalling, I start dragging my feet, Zari feels my resistance and abruptly stops and turns to me. “I know you’re upset about all that has happened, but Alexander needs you right now. He doesn’t need to deal with your self-doubt on top of everything else.” 
Realizing she’s right, I wipe my self-pity from my face and return to the solemn event, where I am affronted once more by Alexander’s pain as he watches his little brother burn. I reach out to our connection. 
“Is there anything I can do to help, my love?” 
Alexander answers in his deep, alpha voice with an anger that threatens to consume him. “No. only Gaius and I can deal with this. Just know the people who did this will not go unpunished. ” 
 I wince at the anger rolling off of him, knowing that soon my own inner anger will wake in turn—and this is neither the time nor the place for that beast. I reach out to Alexander and stand in his shrouded sorrow, just to be here with him as he watches his own kin burned into ashes. I know it won’t be long until all the strigoi and anyone involved with them will dissolve into the embers that have become my mate’s soul. 
I stand still by his side as the crowd slowly starts to dissipate around us. Gaius and Zari remain too, absorbed into the silence of the ceremony, all of us afraid to say anything for fear of awakening the beast that seems content to just stew in the sorrow around us. 

Chapter 12
Lea

I wake to find Alexander’s space beside me in our bed empty. Hoping that Alexander is at the large pine table in the dining room instead of having just gone MIA, I swing my legs over the side of the bed and head to the bathroom to get this day started. I reach for our connection, waiting for it to come back with a burning sensation that should have been Alexander’s thoughts or feelings. But nothing comes. He must be blocking me. My confusion of my missing mate transcends into sheer dread. 
I throw the shower door open and jump in to wash the dreariness of yesterday from my sore and tired body. After massaging the shampoo into my long hair, I quickly wash it out before rubbing my body raw. I begin to wash off the suds from my painful shower when I hear the bathroom door bang against the wall with a loud thud. Zari hastily opens the shower door only to find me staring at her through a mess of soap bubbles. Her face is pale, and she is breathing at an alarmingly fast rate. I hurry to rinse off my face and reach for the towel Zari is trying to hand me.
 “What is it?” I ask, trying to even out my own worried breathing. 
“Gaius and Alexander…I can’t find them anywhere, Lea. I awoke in Gaius’s bed alone—as I’m guessing, you did too. I’d slept over to comfort him, but sometime in the middle of the night he must have left.” 
My worry turns to terror as I wrap a towel around my head, Alexander’s words echoing in my head—they will not go unpunished. 
I rush out of the bathroom only to be met by Meda, our housekeeper or lady in waiting like Alexander calls her, staring at me as if I have five heads. Looking down I see I wrapped my hair but left the rest of my hard body naked. Meda thrusts a robe at me, and without delay, I put it on while she lays the rest of my clothes out for me. Apparently, Meda knows I have an affinity for the color black because, again, my outfit is dark at pitch all the way down to the lacy bra and panties. When I finally finish donning my criminal-like attire, I reach into the bottom of my mahogany wardrobe and grab my knee-high combat boots, lacing them as fast as my hybrid fingers will allow. 
Zari seems to be getting more impatient with every passing loophole of my boots. Looking up through my hair, I try to ease the silence. 
“So, a sleepover, huh? Was it your first with him or have you done this before and just failed to mention it to me?” I smirk as she turns bright red from the embarrassment I have so gingerly caused her. 
Quickly recovering she comes back at me. “No, it’s not our first sleepover but stop changing the subject. How are you not freaking out right now?!” 
With a wave of my hand, I jump to my feet and almost barrel into her as I rush past, replying on my way out of the suite. “I am worried, but I can still feel Alexander even though he seems to have me blocked. I know he is okay right now.” 
The cabin is empty as we trek our way through, and Zari comes up on my right, at the same time both a comforting and a harrowing presence. Her concern is palpable. 
It stirs something inside me. My inner beast is walking up and rubbing at my psyche as I try and keep it together long enough to consider what a precarious situation we truly are in. I can’t tell the difference between the terror and the anger that seems to be slipping through my cool. I’m not used to this feeling yet—being half werewolf, half strigoi. I don’t know if I’ll ever get used to it.
Zari reaches out and touches my right shoulder as I feel a smoldering building under my skin’s surface. I keep telling myself to hold it together a little bit longer, that I will have no problem finding Alexander. We are connected.
After an empty search of the three rooms in our cabin turned up not one sign of where Alexander and Gaius are, Zari starts directing me toward Gaius’s cabin. “Perhaps there is a clue to where they went that I overlooked,” she says. 
Pushing open the door, Gaius is still nowhere to be found, but Zari rushes into the suite that looks remarkably like mine. I like Gaius’s décor better, though—it’s black and white instead of the cream-color that makes up the suite I share with Alexander. But this is something to deal with at a later time. I curse myself for getting so easily distracted before glancing at Zari who is standing in front of a large, open hope chest at the foot of Gaius’s bed. 
The trunk is full of all sorts of goodies, including—but certainly not limited to—swords, daggers, throwing knives, and holders for the likes of all of them. Reaching in I notice four double-edged foot-long daggers. The handles seem to be made of a deep, gleaming onyx. Grabbing two from their resting felt, I see there are holders to wrap around my thighs. I back away so Zari can get her weapons without the extra crowding and start strapping the thigh holster to my black jeans. They fit perfectly, as if made for me. I jump as high as I can to see if I still have full range of motion while I’m wearing my newly found best friends. Zari taps me on the shoulder and I turn to look at her.
 “Unless you are going for a decapitation these will do little to the monsters other than piss them off,” she points out. Laughing I realize she is right. 
“True, very true. But they do look bad-ass, and I’m sure they will come in handy.” 
Zari looks away, like she is being summoned somewhere. Her face turns ashen as I slowly circle her. 
I snap a finger in front of her face. “Zari! Who’s calling to you? Is it my Aunts?” Who have adopted Zari and me since we were both orphans.
Zari starts shaking her head almost violently. “The Queen…the queen is summoning us.” I feel the color from my face drain quickly from my once-rosy cheeks. The queen never calls on anyone. Why would she be calling on us? Why now? We have more pressing matters to tend too. Unless… 
Suddenly, the abandonment in Zari’s face shifts to utter joy. I look at her as close as I can get to her. She is staring off into nowhere, and then lets out a squeal. 
“She is summoning us to help with Alexander and Gaius. Apparently, she has information about where they are!” 
I scrunch up my face, curious at how she even knew they were gone. Something must have happened to alert her. 
“Lea? Did you hear me!?” I give a curt nod. The delight in her voice isn’t falling on deaf ears, but something doesn’t feel right. I have never seen a mere summon affect someone so drastically before. But I guess this is what happens when you’re the Queen.

Chapter 13
Lea

Just for future reference, when Queen Vareim summons you, you better be ready for the initial jolt her power gives when she drags you kicking and screaming to her side. I can’t catch my damn breath! When I glance around, gasping, I see nothing but a golden hall in front of me. When my eyes adjust, I am drawn to the iridescent shimmers of the golden throne at the end of the hall. I can barely drag my gaze away, but I force myself.
I scan the room for Zari but come up empty, until I turn almost nearly around and I see her crumpled in a heap on the floor. Getting to anyone has never felt so hard before. When I reach out to touch her I am quickly reassured that she’s okay though, given the giggle that escapes her vivacious mouth. My relief subsides my shaking long enough for Queen Vareim to materialize out of the shimmering air. I rub my eyes as I get to my bloodied knees. Getting to my feet will be my first challenge. I still am in utter shock as to why such a high-borne would want me and Zari, and why our Alexander and Gaius would have met her radar. 
Hearing a light bell in my ear I start moving my jaw as if I’m hearing things, but when I look at the queen I am welcomed with open arms. Literally. She extends them outward toward us. As I strain to hear and see the queen through the bells and golden glare, I hear a heavy wooden door creak open behind me. I fight to keep my eyes on the queen, to ignore my instinct to turn and protect myself and Zari, but to no avail. It feels as if an impending doom is stalking up behind me, and my eyes shift to the footsteps that now sound. As my breath catches in my throat, I see my Aunts in all their glorious splendor. 
There’s a twinkle of love in their eyes as they pass their gazes quickly over Zari and I. Zari looks at them as she catches her own composure, and my focus redirects back to the throne, where the magnificent queen stands before us all. My aunts walk up to the three-tiered staircase that leads to the queen. When their black gowns brush the glimmering stairs they take to their knees, placing their dainty hands at a submissive gesture to their fronts. I haven’t ever even come before the queen, let alone be summoned by her. My aunts clearly have though—they know exactly what to do. 
Queen Vareim is everything and more than what has ever been said of her. Her power radiates through every pore of her porcelain skin. Her gown is the softest red and gold silk, and her aura radiates a matching bright, golden-orange hue. I don’t think I have even set eyes upon such a stunning Fae. When I finally realize I am staring I correct myself by dropping to my knees as my aunts have. 
I watch as they have summit with the queen. While they are talking so adamantly I notice the rest of the splendor that is the Queen. Her hair is the color of burgundy, eyes the color of the first golden leaves to cascade from the autumn trees, and her wings are the palest shade of crimson I have ever known.
The Queen catches my mesmerized gaze and flutters her wings with so much poise that my heart almost threatens to stop in my chest. Feeling light-headed, I glance down at the floor only to have my attention dragged upward again when the Queen’s gown appears just inches from my hands. My eyes widen and I catch my voice only to squeak out my words.
“My Quueenn...I understand you wish to speak to me and Zari.”
A slight smile plays on her soft lips, and she slowly walks to where Zari remains lying on the ground, as if still in her trance. When the queen brushes Zari with her gown Zari snaps back to reality, only to face plant herself at the Queen’s feet once more. When she finally speaks to us I am awestruck. She speaks so precisely, accenting every syllable, as to make sure we understand her fully.
“Rise, my lovely warriors. I have called upon you to offer my help with the problem that has befallen you. Your loved ones are no longer present in this plain. They walk among the billions of Damned souls stuck in the perdition of hell, seeking revenge for their youngling. Your men will need your help in order to prevail.” The queen shifts her focus to Zari. The queen pulls a small warding wand with a clear crystal on the end, from her waistband as she leans down handing it to Zari. Zari stares at her in wonder as she grasps it in her hands and holds it tight to her bosom. The queen nods at Zari as she smiles. “This will help you direct your power, and will pool all of your fight into one place instead of sporadically like when you fought the young strigoi in the large battle.”
Zari gapes at the Queen in wonder and nods slightly.
“There is something else. I don’t know how to explain this to you, Zari, but I must try. Only the oldest of the fae know of this secret. Do you ever wonder where your ‘pure’ power comes from?”
“Well, my dear, it is because we are half human and half angel, over time the mutation caused by this combination has made us into Fae. We are blessed with a power unlike no other.” When the Queen sees our eyes widen and jaws drop she continues quickly. “Allow me to explain. When God sent his angels to this damned world, he never expected for them to fall in love with the likes of humans. Somehow the mutation we face has turned us into this.” She turns in a circle, her wings letting out a sprinkle of dust with every movement. The mesmerizing effect that she gives off, though, has not made me forget what she just revealed. Clearing my throat loudly, I gain the Queen’s attention from Zari. I try not to stammer this time as I speak my mind.
“My Queen, what you are saying is what you and the rest of the fae have become is because you are half angel? Like God’s angels? Like heaven and hell ANGELS?” When I spit out the last of my insubordination, she smiles a smile that reaches all the way up to her eyes. I have never seen such a genuine grin in my life. She shakes her head at me as I glance at Zari to see if she is all right. Her expression is steeled and serious. Zari raises her voice loud enough to turn the Queen on her heel, only to face her with the same angelic face she was just giving me.
“My queen, do you realize what you’re saying? Our men are in HELL? But not only that, not only are our men in hell hunting for revenge, but I am half angel or whatever you want to call it, and we have to somehow help Gaius and Alexander travel through hell?” 
“The term would be Nephilim,” the Queen corrects. “And I don’t care what you believe, but I am here to help, not hinder your and Lea’s chances of saving them.” 
My chances. The realization hits me like a ton of bricks. I am not a Nephilim. I am a hybrid of a monster and a worse monster. But somehow, I can be trusted to aid in this mission. 
Breaking the uncomfortable silence I stand up to look the Queen in the eyes, and I can see she isn’t telling us a tall tale. Our aunts used to tell us stories, of the giants that used to roam this land. Nalla Vareim, the only home my sister and I have ever known, was created specifically for the likes of them. But somehow, in time, they turned into these winged creatures known as the fae. 
I gather my courage and repeat Zari’s earlier sentiment. “My Queen, with all due respect, how are we supposed to save Alexander and Gaius if they are in hell?” 
Tears threaten to overflow as I think about what could be happening to my mate right now. I try to hold them back but the crimson droplets stream down my face despite my effort. Half expecting the queen to smite me and all my wickedness, she surprises me when she steps to me and wipes the bloody tears from my face. There is no revulsion as she looks into my eyes. Her soothing caress on my cheek brings a hope to my soul. When she pulls her hand from my cheek there is no blood to be seen. 
“Lea, you are not a monster,” she says softly, her divine voice soothing. “Stop thinking of yourself as one. You are special. You may not be Nephilim, but you will always be one of us. You and Alexander are the only ones who stand between what lies below and our salvation. Zari is here to help you along the way, and you her. Her future offspring with Gaius will bring a peace to this world that has never been felt.” She pauses and looks back and forth between Zari and I. “I know you are wondering what you must do to save your men. Zari has the golden, pure power, she used to fight the horde of young Strigoi, to fight all the wicked in hell, and you have the strength, intelligence, and love on your side to save your mate. But you must be warned…you do not have all the time in the world to do so. You must save them come nightfall on the fifth day of their disappearance.” 
I feel faint as her words sink in, the dizziness beginning to overturn me. The Queen gives me a stern glance, as if telling me to pull myself together.
“If you do not succeed, you will be trapped below…forever. The fate of this world rests in the two of your hands. If the two of you don’t succeed the Strigoi will wreak havoc on this world. Without the buffer of Alexander and you there will be no survivors. Lea, you, and Alexander are the only ones who can protect our people from the Strigoi. And Zari, yours and Gaius’s first daughter shall be the salvation of the Fae people; you mustn’t be harmed in anyway on your trip to the hell.” She gives us a moment to absorb what she’s told us so far before continuing. “Everything you need to defeat these beasts will be made available, but the way into hell will not be a pleasant road. You saw what my power did to you just summoning you here. Imagine that tenfold.”
I tilt my gaze up from the floor, where I’ve been focused in all my shock, to meet the Queen’s. “What do we need to do?”
 She smiles and nods slightly. “In order to get through the three phases of hell you will need the blood of each dimension’s Demon General . You must kill and deliver the heart of said demon upon the altar at the center of each molten core. This will not be an easy feat. You will bleed, and there will be incomprehensible horrors to be witnessed. Pay no mind to the macabre; remember what you have set out to accomplish, and in this you will succeed. I have all faith in you both.”
I look over at Zari, whose tear-stained cheeks are somehow both pale and rosy at the same time. I reach out and take her hand, giving her a squeeze. 
The Queen continues. “You must go before the dawn of the day. I will project you to the first pit, but after that you are on your own. This is your purpose, and it always has been.” With a wave of her hand she sets us free of her compelling speech, but leaves us to be entrapped immediately in the most unspeakable of horrors. 

Chapter 14
Lea

The putrid smell of rotten flesh stings my nose. Zari is gagging to my left as I grip for the dagger holsters on my thighs. Zari, taking in the concept of what I’m doing, snaps into action despite her previous distress and follows suit. As we make our way through the dark and dank hallways, blood cascades down the passages as if rivers of it are constantly flowing in both directions. There has to be a source of all this blood. 
I take lead as we keep walking, trying not to brush against the blood-smeared and -splattered walls. Trying but failing miserably, the bloody river gushes up over my boots. Anger starts to seep into every crevice of my body, the beast awakening. Zari feels my tension and places her hand, dagger, and all, lightly against my back. We both know the seriousness of this situation and push forward. 
As we walk, I start to relax—as much as one can when traveling through hell. So far, nothing has come to mess with us and the relief of it is immense. But just as this thought settles, a shadow descends near a nook in the hallway about ten feet in front of us. I see a beak-like shape moving briskly towards us. When it comes into view, it takes everything I have to not scream and rip its head clean off without a second glance. But I restrain myself to find a tormented soul standing before us, a cage of razors cutting through every surface of flesh on its face. I can’t even tell if it’s man or woman. 
My heart burns in my chest, my anger growing in tandem with my silent astonishment. If I had ever in my wildest dreams thought a nightmare, let alone a fucking reality, could be like this I never would have been scared of the little things that went bump in the night. Knowing this hell is what is in store for the damned is enough to make me want to rip my eyeballs from their very sockets. 
Zari has a different reaction to this tormented soul: she seems to want to comfort it. I don’t know how to break it to her, but there is no comfort in hell, no compassion to be found. And to think this is the closest to heaven they will ever come… 
How long does it take, I wonder, until you lose everything you once were in this level of hell? Do you lose your humanity immediately or do you hold on to the hope that somehow you will be saved? Does your brain shut down all human responses when you see and feel the horror placed in front of you? 
All I can hope is that numbness follows quickly after being banished here. And all I can pray is that Alexander and Gaius are still whole when we find them. I take a deep breath, thinking about our next move. That’s it, I realize solemnly. This is why we only have five days and nights to get them out. It only takes five days until you lose all humanity and your soul becomes one of the many lost and emptied into this cesspool. 
I push forward, past the tormented soul in the bloodied hallway, and Zari and I hurry toward a boisterous laughter that has began to echo up ahead. We feel a brush of air rush by us as our faces are sprayed with some foul-smelling liquid. 
Zari screams, giving away our position. I rush to her to cover her mouth and pull her to the side of the hallway, away from the view of the doorway I noticed not far ahead. 
“I know you are scared, but you have to calm down. No more screaming, okay?” I give my sister a concerned look and she nods in agreement. I release my hand from her mouth and she regains her breath. Another look of horror falls over her face. 
“Blood,” she stammers. “There is blood all over your face, Lea!” 
I wipe at my face, the horrid odor replacing my calm demeanor with something more malicious than any I have come across. I notice Zari scrubbing her face and silently sobbing. Forgetting my own bloody face, I sheath my daggers and wrap my arms around Zari. I calmly rub her red hair as I hum a lullaby from our childhood. 
Her sobs stop abruptly only to be replaced with an eerie look. Zari whispers, “Let’s get Gaius and Alexander and get the fuck out of here. I don’t know how much more of this I can handle.” I almost laugh as I nod at her. I release her from my embrace and, once more don my sterling silver blades, Zari following me with resolve as I slip down the hallway.

Chapter 15
Lea

We slowly move shoulder-to-shoulder down the hallway, closer to the one doorway at the end of the corridor. A soft light illuminates the shadows and the putrid smell keeps accosting our nostrils as I signal to Zari to breathe through her mouth. I don’t even want to imagine Alexander and Gaius being stuck in hell for all of eternity because we were acting like squeamish little girls. This thought gives me an even stronger drive then I had before. 
The threshold of the lightened door finally seems within arm’s reach. Stopping just shy of the door we listen for any sign of trouble. All we hear, though, is clinking silverware, as if a banquet is in full swing on the other side of the doorway. Taking a deep breath, I start counting on my fingers for Zari to know when it’s time to make our move. On the count of three we slink through the threshold.
As I take in everything around us I hear Zari holding back gags. I try and focus on the one “living” target in front of us, instead of the carnage that engulfs the room. After Zari catches her composure we move in unison toward the demon sitting at the head of the table. 
He notices us, quirking his lips up in a smirk before letting out a maniacal and boisterous laugh. “You may sit at the General’s table” as he waves for us to join him. As if outside of our control, we sit down in the seats he so generously provided for us. As I stare at the gluttonous, demon I am completely lost in his red eyes, his nose is more of a pig snout rather than human nose, and his ears are pointed as if he was a Lenoi elf in another life. He has a sickly, rotten green complexion. His fat rolls are going over the sides of the chairs and hanging on the large blood splattered table in front of him. Looking under the table after I sit I notice his feet don’t even touch the ground. It’s really as if the gelatinous rolls on his legs fuse to his feet. My brain starts feeling like mush as I try and control my thoughts. His eyes! 
“It’s his eyes, Zari! Don’t look into his eyes!” Feeling a slight bit of control as I break eye contact with the demon, I take a good look around. The carnage laid on the table in front of us isn’t food or at least not what I would consider food. There are other guests at this banquet but I doubt they are enjoying it as much as the beast at the head of the table. Considering they are the meal. 
I catch Zari’s attention, getting her to tear her eyes from the demon too. “Don’t look him in the eyes, again,” I whisper. “His only control is through his eyes.” 
The glutton slams his fist down on the table. “Do not whisper!” he yells. “Pay attention and share in this meal! No one disagrees with the General.” My stomach turns at the thought as I push down the bile at the display of the other “guests.”
At the center of the table a fire pit turns. Apparently the demon has an appetite for human intestines. The lost souls sitting around the table are glassy eyed, silent screams on their faces as their intestines rotate on a spit coming directly out of their body. 
After pulling my eyes from the carnage at the table I glance sideways at the beast, demon, whatever the fuck he is. Feeling my heart in my throat as I wrap my terror-filled brain around his crimson eyes, I take in the folds of fat, his rotten, blood-splattered skin jiggling as he breathes. He seems to have row after row of razor sharp teeth and every few seconds he places another piece of the lost soul’s internal organs inside of his mouth. 

I shoot a look at Zari, an idea taking form, as I feel the sweat trickle down my spine—apparently I wasn’t dressed properly for the inferno we now find ourselves in, let alone the pain I am about to inflict upon myself to get us out of this mess. I plead with her through my gaze to stay put for now, to not react at what I’m about to do. I still don’t know if the pain will kick-start my functions but it is worth a try. I guess it’s better than nothing. Especially since with my hybrid blood, I can heal almost anything. I hope. Moving my hand just enough to pull my dagger from my left leg holster; I didn’t even want to try my right one because the demon sits within arm’s reach of my right arm. Pulling my dagger free from its sheath I close my eyes as I grip the hilt as tight as possible and stab it into the meat of my own thigh. I grind my teeth so hard I seem to not notice that my lip is bleeding, having been bitten at the same damn moment as when I plunged the fucking dagger into my leg. Not only is blood gushing from my thigh, but it is also dripping down my chin. At this exact moment, a scream echoes in my head. It hurts so bad, yet I need to move. That was the whole point of stabbing myself. 
I reach down to remove the dagger, grabbing the hilt firmly. When I pull upwards I feel a resistance and hear the same scream in my head again, but this time its owner becomes clear through the pain. Alexander. He must feel my pain and know I’m hurting. I haven’t yet figured out how to tell him I’m okay from this distance, but I know the injury will heal fast if I can remove the blade. The only thing I worry about now is will I heal as fast if Alexander isn’t with me? I pull harder on the hilt and feel the razor-sharp blade scrape against my insides, sending a chill though my body as the blood pours up and out of the wound. I pull as hard as I can with the one hand, and I try not to look at Zari who is staring at me with a look of horror on her face for what I have just done. 
Racking my body with even more pain, I am starting to regain even more control as I pull the blade free of the muscle fibers that have already begun to heal around the metal—the healing powers of my werewolf or hybrid side may actually be useful, I realize. Once I free the dagger fully I look down and prepare to push myself with all my might to get out of the chair that binds me. I don’t expect, though, to be blindsided by the pink tissue and muscle that seems to be bulging from my open wound.
I take the tissue and start pressing it back into the wound before it heals outside my skin, but as I try the demon screams and almost knocks me over, out of my chair. He moves toward me, licking his lips. If he thinks this is a good time to suck up my insides like I’m spaghetti, he can think again. 
I drop below the table, noticing the thick brown layers of dried blood caked onto the ground, evidence of the possible eternities this carnage has gone on. Pulling my hand from the disgusting ground as quickly as I possibly can, I recall the fact that my wound is almost healed as I look down I am in shock at the amount of muscle and tissue sticking out of the gushing wound that is only half the size now. Using my somewhat clean hand, I pinch the tissue between my fingers and wince as I press it back inside the small wound. I bite my bleeding lip to keep from screaming but release an anguished cry anyway. The demon starts laughing so hard that the ground begins to shake. 
Scrambling to my feet, I get my bearings and rush the demon. I grab my bloodied dagger in my left hand, at the same time making sure to have hands on the hilt of the one in my right leg holster. By the time I reached the demon he barely has time to chew his food before I leap and carve both of my daggers along the sides of his face. 
Landing on my feet, my left leg gives out and I fall to my knees in a whoosh of adrenaline. I pull my eyes from the ground to see what damage I have done to the demon, just in time to see his face slide down to the floor on both sides of his chair. Turning my head toward Zari I notice blood has blurred my vision.
I rush on the slippery bloody ground to Zari, who seems to be staring in shock at the poor guests left at the table. 
“Zari, we need to go! Zari!” She doesn’t even so much blink as I scream at her. Not pleased by the fact that I have to put my hands on my dear sister, I slap her across her left cheek. She looks at me as she clasps her hand over her affronted cheek, and I grip her arms and pull her to her feet. A silent scream comes from her open mouth as I yank her from the carnage-filled room.
I almost completely forget what the queen had told us to do in the chaos of the event, but it comes to mind suddenly. I sit Zari back down. “Look away. I have to get his heart!” 
Rushing back to the head of the table, I almost trip as I slide across the dissected remains of the demon that gushes a black substance all over the floor. It seems to be just melting into the ground. When I get my footing, I reach up with my dagger. Pushing my leg against the rolls of fat hanging over his legs I get a foothold as I thrust the dagger into his mammoth chest. Once I feel the resistance of a sternum I push harder to the right to get through it without destroying the heart I need. Once the resistance is no more I remove my dagger and am left with a gaping hole. Returning my trusty dagger to its sheath, I use both hands to pry open the bloodied girth that is sitting in ruins before me. Glancing back at Zari to make sure she isn’t watching I reach my hands in and break his ribs as I go. The cracking is enough to make Zari jump noisily. The startled sounds turn into a maniacal laugh. 
Finally feeling the heart muscle against the pads of my fingers, I thrust my entire hand in to wrap around it. I feel the gooeyness of the heart in the palm of my hands, and I wrap my fingers all the way around and pull. Feeling a ripping and tearing as I go, I have to put all of my body weight into removing this from his dead body. Just as I am removing my crimson hand with his heart still intact, I feel an overwhelming sense of joy. Just knowing I am that much closer to my beloved has me reeling.
I turn around with the heart held high in the air to find a large bright light emanating from Zari, from the crystal at the end of her new warding wand she has pushed out from her body. Any other time I would say she was warding off evil but there is no evil—I just killed it. But when I glance at the ghastly scene before us, I see the damned souls that have been tortured for the better part of eternity becoming whole again. They rush Zari and embrace her one by one. With a smile on her face, she gingerly hugs each of them back one by one. I give her a moment to bask in her good deed before I bring the dripping heart to the doorway and glance around the corner for the altar I am supposed to place it on. 
 “Zari we must hurry,” I say, bringing her back to the grim reality of what we have set out to do. “We are running out of time.”

Chapter 16
Lea

Zari moves beside me and places her hand on my shoulder. “I’m ready,” she says. 
I turn to look at her but find that we aren’t alone. The trapped souls are following Zari’s every move; it brings a smile to my face as I see it seems to keep her at peace with our mission. But it certainly might cramp our style. 
I feel an internal calm coming over me as I walk through the door and scan the direction from which we came. Not knowing what is along this corridor has me becoming more uneasy with every moment. As if taking a plunge into unknown water, I forge ahead with Zari and the others close behind. Just as I am about to embark into the unknown, the tunnel behind us spits a tidal wave of thick, gelatinous, red liquid. Taking this as a sign to hurry, we file quickly out of the doorway in a full-on sprint towards the darkened corridor up ahead. When we come to a fork, I’m not sure which direction we should go, but I rush to the right on instinct, only to have the hell slaves whistling to go the other direction. Changing my direction as quickly as my feet will carry me I rush to the left with the others now ahead of me. 
Coming to another split in the tunnels I look upon the others. “I need to put this heart on an altar. Please, do you know where it is?” They quickly rush to the right side of the tunnel where a large wooden door appears firmly in front of us. Everyone stands aside as I gingerly hold the heart and slam my shoulder into the door, using my newfound strength to wear it down. Hearing a splintering, I know it will only take one more good push to give. 
I hand the heart to Zari. “Hold this,” I say. She scowls at me, but hesitantly retrieves the heart and backs up, staring at the grotesque trophy. Knowing I can now use all my might without worrying I will destroy the heart, I rush the door again, this time with my right shoulder, and it busts into an explosion of wooden splinters. I cover my face to protect myself. When the splinters settle, I open them cautiously. I am in awe of what I see inside the apparent altar room. The same viscous liquid that was bearing down on us is in the corridor streams around the altar, and fire shoots up around the stone altar at the center of the room. When I look down into the river of scarlet goo I see floating bodies—or part bodies shall I say. 
I try not to draw Zari’s attention to the carcasses and stealthily look for a way across the river. Scanning the circular room I see no way across the ten-foot-wide gaping hole that surely leads to death if you fall in. Reaching my hand out to Zari for the heart, she nearly tosses it into my right palm. 
I give her a small smile. “We’re almost through the first layer.” She gives me a quick nod, and I weigh the consequences of me jumping this ravine and missing. Pushing it from my mind, I stand against the wall, counting my breaths to three. I sprint as fast as my muscles will allow, rushing past Zari whose eyes are opened wide watching me. Pushing her nervousness out of my mind, I am airborne. But before I realize I’m about to fall into the deep ravine Zari soars over me grabbing me under my arms and flying me the remainder of the way. Yet again Zari has saved my life.
My landing could have used a little finesse, but my body hits the hard ground safely. I hug Zari quickly. “Please get as far from this ravine as you can.” Speeding up the stairs to the altar I almost stumble in my excitement to be through this first challenge, to be even just a little bit closer to finding—and saving—my dear Alexander. Once my footing is regained, I slowly ascend to the final stair to place the heart on the altar. 
Once the altar is within my grasp, I smile and balance the heart in the center. A bright burgundy glow emanates all around the circular platform as it touches down. 
Zari starts yelling from across the river. “Lea, a door!” I look around and see a fire at the forefront of the room, where Zari is pointing. I rush down the stairs as I see the doorway beginning to fade. 
“Zari, go through! It’s closing!” The final word escapes my mouth as I jump straight up, leaping over the blazing inferno. Zari makes it in the door just as I am gliding to an abrupt, stumbling stop right in front of the doorway. I slide under the remaining foot of fire before the door seals closed. When I pull my upper body through my shoulder brushes the flaming archway, burning as if molten lead has just been poured onto my skin. Screaming in pain, I start brushing at the burn. I lie back and try to control my pain-soaked mind, push the searing anguish from the forefront of my brain. Zari hurries to my side as I pull myself up and lift my hand to stop her from fussing about my wound. It will heal quickly, as I do now. I smile to let her know I’ll be all right, and I hear another scream in my head again. Knowing it’s Alexander worrying about me makes the piercing pain in my heart dig deeper. We have to get to them. And soon. 
I take a moment to glance around, shivers suddenly overtaking me. The temperature has dropped considerably. I breathe out, the air pillowing out in plumes as if I were smoking. Zari stands to my right, holding her arms to her chest as if hugging herself for warmth. This is one moment I am glad to be the creature that Alexander and my mating has created. Apparently my blood runs much hotter than hers. The cold seems to chill me to my very core, anyway, but I can bear it. Knowing we have to break our men from hell doesn’t hurt either. It is just enough to draw the heat in my heart to keep me moving. Thinking of the warmth Alexander gives me when I lay in his strong arms is enough to bring a smile to my face. This I can handle. Actually I think as long as I have Alexander I can handle anything.

Chapter 17
Lea

Just as we are about to start moving a blinding pain radiates through my ribs, right below my heart. I hear an anguished scream in my head as I realize that both the scream and the pain that follows are actually coming from Alexander. I send soothing thoughts his way and, for the first time since we have been apart, he speaks rationally, softly. 
“Hurry, my love. We need you for this final battle. We cannot do it without you….I should have known that sooner.” 
With my tears stinging my eyes. I push my thoughts back at him. “We’re on our way, I promise.” With that, I search Zari’s face until we lock eyes. She nods a silent understanding of what we must do. 
Finally getting up the gall to look around, my jaw drops at this next stage of hell. Just a single room with no doors in or out. It seems simple enough at first, but then I turn and see that at the center of the room is a torture chamber, filled with fire and ice. The main focus of the chamber being the altar where a body is shackled. A demon towers above it, a massive beast with blue-tinted skin and massive bat-like wings the color of the bluest ocean. They flutter with every crack of his glowing, white whip as he smiles, giving the lashings without a moment’s hesitation. At least this altar will be easier to get to than the last; a stone walkway leads directly to the chamber. But with the cobalt demon, bigger than the largest grizzly bear you can imagine, things won’t be as easy as I hoped. I thought I was big when I morph into my own beast, but this creature towers over me like I am a duckling! I survey him carefully, looking for a weakness. His beady eyes are translucent and eerie, and his face looks as if he’s part weasel and part marsupial. His teeth jut out the corners of his mouth, two large fangs that won’t even fit in his black mouth, let alone his lips. 
The monster inside me starts clawing to get out, waking for the fight. I can already feel my teeth start elongating, even as I try to stamp down the transformation. But then the realization hits me: maybe if I only allowed my hands and mouth to turn, like Alexander and I did when we killed the elder strigoi and demon in the cave, I could use this curse to my advantage. Holding my hands up to watch and control the transformation, I forget that my fangs always cut my lips when I only partially turn. Note to self: Open your damn mouth next time! 
I bite back the sting of the cuts and rush the platform, hoping to take the monster by surprise. This is no easy task, though, because just as I am halfway across the ramp, he sees me and cracks his glowing whip in my direction. I try and get out of the way but the rope is coming at me too quickly. I reach out and grab the whip in with my hand, the pain is searing in a way that can only be described as burning from the inside out, the rest of my transformation is hastened by the pain, and my hand is fully clawed in the blink of an eye. I have never been so happy to be what I am at this moment—without this blood coursing through me, I wouldn’t stand a chance. Glancing at the other side of the ramp Zari is standing there just staring in awe over the cruelty the demon is inflicting. I see her worry written in her tear soaked eyes. 
As I clutch the whip tighter, this frozen inferno seems to being getting colder and colder. I look at the white rope—it’s like ice, I realize. I pull on it as if I will somehow rip it out of the demon’s hand, and it sends me flying through the air as the demon pulls back. 
“I will freeze you in place, so cold that your beloved will watch you wither away until the ends of time!” He snarls at me through his fanged mouth.
Anger shoots up my spine and seems to rest in a nice, warm spot in my chest where my heart should be. Being airborne has its advantages, and I take the second I have of free falling over the demon to unsheathe one of my silver blades with my free hand. The pain seems to have subsided in my whip-burned palm as I try and think of my next move. When I land I tumble down to the ground in front of the beast. Resting a knee on the ground, my daggered hand on my thigh, I push myself back up. It’s much easier than I had expected, but I am still at a loss as to what I need to do to beat this bastard. 
Apparently the demon doesn’t see me as any kind of threat because he casually pulls his whip out of my hand and continues his torture of the bloodied man on the table. Standing up slowly, I try to circle around behind the demon. I keep being left with the stark reality that I am completely alone in this fight. If only the Queen hadn’t said Zari has to be left unscathed I pretty sure I would have gotten out of this with quite a few less scars. I glance back at her across the bridge and see her staring at me with a startled, terrified expression. I nod to her, so she understands the love I feel for her. She nods back with a forced smile, then she gives me thumbs up. But I swear her hand shook as she was trying to give me confidence.
Returning my focus to the beast, I see the lost soul screaming as he is being ripped open by the icy-hot whip. His cries stop, and his body goes limp, passed out from the repeated flogging he has received probably over centuries. The demon slumps his shoulders and grumbles. I don’t believe I have ever seen a demon pout before, but I swear he is. Apparently it’s not as much fun if his victim isn’t reacting to the pain. I seize the opportunity and slip up behind him as he places his whip in a groove in the right corner of the altar. I’m quiet but he senses me anyway and turns around as I lunge for his back. He knocks me to the ground with a mere flick of his massively clawed hand, my dagger flying across the platform and landing only inches from the end of the stone. 
My head is the last part of my body to hit the ground, and it slams into the stone as a cascade of pain jostles my brain inside my skull, leaving me with the headache from hell. Literally. I get up slowly, allowing myself a small chuckle—what else can I do really. 
“How dare you laugh at me, you mere mortal!” he spits violently as me. He hisses the last word and my lips curl into a smirk.
“That’s where you’re wrong,” I say. “I’m not a mere mortal.…” I thrust my hands out in front of him and pull my lips back to show my large fangs. They glisten with blood, the hit having caused me to slice my lips on my painful landing. I shake off the sensation as I hear that welcoming scream in my head again. Alexander
“Please stop yelling in my head my Darling!” I shout back. “You are making me lose focus!” 
I get a quick response back. “Then be more careful! You’re scaring me to death my love!” Hearing him joke makes me smile. Knowing the only reason I am here and hurting is to get to him is enough to make me remember my second dagger, still lying on the ground behind me. I slowly start to walk backwards, trying to keep the demon’s eyes on me the entire time. He watches me, with eyes wide, as if I have lost my mind. Apparently, God has decided to throw me a bone, too, because the tortured soul stirs, taking this exact moment to start pleading for help. He draws the attention of the monster away from me—he, of course, wants pick up his whip again and continue the punishment—but decides to turn around and prod the man’s wounds with his clawed fingers this time instead. 
I reach my dagger and quickly pull it into my hand. I grab at the other blade, still sheathed in its holster. Pulling it free, my stomach turns as I see the behemoth of an ogre pulling his claws from the man’s open and bleeding wounds before licking the blood free from the tips. With every move he makes I want to wince, knowing pain is shortly behind. The poor man looks over at me, as I creep forward with my weapons high, as the demon slowly runs his nails in the festering wounds. 
Standing only inches from the altar now, I see the demon’s blue-back muscles moving with every small shift of his hands. I catch my breath and count to three in my head as I sneak those last few inches between us. Calculating my dagger position, I pull them closer to my midsection so I can use them to slice instead of stab. It worked last time, after all.
The last step I take feels like the longest moment in my life. I burst forth and slam my daggers into both sides of his neck. Blood gushes up and out in an arch, which encourages me to remove my daggers as hastily as I can. The demon starts slashing with his claws as I yank out the blades. As I move around him I get a foothold on the altar and jump from above. Aiming carefully, I shove each dagger into one of his eye sockets and hope and pray that there is a brain for me to puncture. I feel a slight obstruction—a good sign—and I drive the rest of my body weight into the hindering bone in his socket. Finally feeling the give and know I have landed in a soft patch. 
I twist the knives before trying to dislodge them from their snug new home. They are in so deep I have to take my booted foot and push off his chest to remove them, falling all the way back onto the man lying on the slab. I hear him exhale loudly as I accidentally slam my entire body into his punctured stomach. The fiend then too falls backwards and slams his winged back onto the stone, rumbling the entire room. 
Flipping over as I put away both daggers, then realize I need them in order to untie the man underneath me. Retracting the one on my right, I cut through the leather straps holding him down by his wrists, feet, and his abdomen. 
“I’m sorry,” I whisper as I try and free him as carefully as possible. “Are you all right?” He opens his mouth to answer, but when he gets a good look at my bloodied fangs and my clawed hands he starts to scurry across the altar away from me. I look down at myself—a monster, I am. 
Zari rushes up behind me to help him in my stead. When her eyes fall on me, though, they immediately trail down to my left forearm. She turns an ashen white when she sees the gaping wound. I reach out, grab her, and hold her to my shoulder to comfort her the best I can. As I pull her in close I feel a burning sensation across my arm and quickly break loose to give it a once over. My eyes grow wide in shock as I see the bloody smear my bone has made on her shirt.
 Once she regains her composure she rips a piece of the cloth from her body and wraps my arm with it. This gives me a chance to look at the damage I apparently wasn’t even aware I had taken. But once I have a chance to sit down and gather my thoughts, and apparently my pain, together I start hyperventilating. My arm fucking hurts. I am too scared to look down again but can’t help myself. My bone is completely exposed, my muscle, tissue, and skin fully peeled back. All I can see is raw bloodstained skin and bone. Just now Alexander takes this moment to scream in my head. “My Love are you whole? I take it because my arm is bloodied you have taken on a bad wound? I will send you my warmth my love. The closer you get the easier it will be for you to heal the worse wounds. I love you, please hurry to my side.”
I look at Zari. “I have to fix it so it doesn’t heal like this.” Zari nods and looks towards the hurt soul sitting in the corner shivering in his misery. 
“I will take care of him,” she says, voice only slightly timid. She stands and goes to his side, but when she gets there he starts pulling his legs closer to his chest, shaking harder than he already was. 
I take her distraction and use the time to inflict the worse pain on myself that I have ever felt in my life. At this moment I curse the fact that I heal so damn fast. That I am still half a fucking monster. I quickly transform back into my more human self. This makes the wound look a little bit more manageable, but I can still see my bone through my arm. 
Reaching down into the wound I pull my muscle and tissue back into its proper place, gritting my teeth as I go. On the plus side, my bone is no longer visible. I take a quick deep breath as I watch my skin start to heal despite the fact I’m still in the process of setting it. By the time I reach down and grab at it before it heals completely, it’s already sealed, three huge, jagged scars appearing on my forearm where the demons claws raked through my flesh. 
I can’t do anything about it now, so I jump to my feet and rush to Zari’s side. I look over at the poor hell soul to find him whole again. I smile at the back of Zari’s head–her Nephilim powers are extraordinary. And not the least bit terrifying like mine.
 I turn around to face the demon one final time—I still need his heart. I take the three strides toward his fallen body and kneel beside him. I unsheathe my trusty dagger, and with all of my strength I push it in through the ribs under where his heart should lay. I feel the crack as I push the blade in deeper, wiggling the blade to give my hand more room in so I can stick my hand in easily. Knowing I’m not going to particularly enjoy this next activity, I scrunch up my face and shove my hand in. The faster the better. Once my hand is in his chest I move it around to where his heart muscle should be. It brushes against my hand, and I am startled when it actually moves. Just as I am about to grip it, tear it out of his chest, the creature reaches up and grabs at my still-fragile arm. 
“You bastard! That just fucking healed!” I yell. By the time the last word comes out of my mouth I have his heart in my hands. I feel the valves between my fingers and know I have enough leverage to rip it out even as he flails. With one final heave I throw my body backward, pulling his heart free with my hands. His body goes still and my injured arm falls from his grip. 
I take one last look at the demon that has spent all of eternity torturing lost souls. Just as I think my inner monster can’t get any angrier, hot words seep from my mouth. “Who’s the mere mortal now, mother fucker!?” 
I turn my back on the second Demon General and walk up the stairs to the altar, laying the heart at the center. It quickly starts to melt and simmer as if it’s cooking. I spin around to look for the door that’s supposed to open, and just as I see the orange and blue lights mark its presence I see Zari’s silhouette getting ready to walk through it. 
“Wait!” I shout and spring across the room, almost losing my footing as I scurry across the bridge to stop Zari from going the rest of the way alone. 

Chapter 18
Lea

By the time I get to where she was, Zari is nowhere to be found. I look around frantically and scan the horizon of this new plane to find nothing but gravestones, caves, dead trees, and flying demons that keep swooping down to see what I am. I call out for Zari but get no response. Feeling as if I can’t go on any further, Alexander’s wonderful voice slides into my mind. 
“You made it, my love! Follow the crest of the graveyard and take a sharp left. I am in the cave at the base of the cliff.” 
Running as fast as I can I quickly arrive at the top of the crest but am so focused on taking the sharp left I trip over Zari kneeling at a gravestone. She looks up at me with tears in her eyes. 
“These two graves…they are my parents, our aunts took me in as they did with you” she whispers. Zari rests her hand on her father’s gravestone as she buries her face into the soil above her mother’s. I want to cry for her but know the only reason it’s in front of us now is to mess with our heads. Reaching down, I wraps my hands gently around Zari and pull her to her feet. I take her in a big hug and she collapses against my shoulder. Her weight becomes heavy all of a sudden, like she’s given up. When I start shaking her there is no response. I send out a signal to Alexander and only hope he can heed my call.
“ Zari isn’t moving! I need help—something is wrong with her!” 
Just as I’m hoisting her over my shoulder I feel a tremor flow through the ground, and when I move her hair from my face Alexander and Gaius are standing in front of us, wide grins on their faces, the kind that should only be reserved for children on Christmas morning. Not grown men standing in hell. I heave a sigh of relief anyway, and Alexander helps me hand Zari gently to Gaius. Once she is safely cradled in his strong arms, Alexander turns me toward him. 
I wrap myself around Alexander and he does the same to me, as if we are both starved for contact. We breathe into each other and touch our lips together for the first time in…I don’t even know how long its been—time moves differently here somehow. 
I feel the thick wetness of my crimson tears trailing between our faces. Alexander steps back and looks at me. Averting my eyes so he doesn’t see the monster in me is enough to make him grab my chin. 
“I love you,” he says tenderly, looking me over. As I’m about to return to his arms his eyes rest on my arm, the trio of raised scars screaming up at him. The look on his face is nothing but horror. As I get up the guts to look down I stifle a scream as I see the same bone that had just healed into the gnarly scars is sticking out of my arm again. Instead of healing back inside my body it’s an open fucking wound. Dropping to my knees, I get a grip on the bone that is jutting out at an awkward angle and break it off. As a scream looms in my throat, Alexander steps up behind me and puts his hand lightly over my mouth to help me silence my agony from the beasts that hover above us. 
But it’s too late. The winged demons have already smelled the blood, and I hear a snarling and sniffling coming from a few rows of graves away. Gaius already has had the idea to get Zari out of there and is halfway back to the cave already. 
Alexander hunkers down right next to me and sends his words through our connection. “Are you okay to move?” 
I simply nod. Honestly, I don’t have my wits about me enough to even communicate back to him right now. The only problem we are facing is my arm is once more gushing blood from where my bone was sticking out. Alexander takes to his knee and removes his shirt. I start to swoon as his toned muscles glisten in the red sky and then immediately want to kick myself for thinking of touching him in a place and time like this. 
I look around the tombstone to see where the snarls are coming from—they don’t seem to be from the demons above. Two St. Bernard-sized dogs come into view, looking as though they are turned inside out like a horrible science experiment gone awry. I can’t take my eyes off them as they grunt and circle each other. Every step they take leaves moistness under their paws. There curved claws look like a lion’s when they are fully extended; the only difference is that the dog’s talons are as blood-red as the rest of their bodies. I guess they are fighting over who gets to eat us because they don’t seem to be moving on us just yet. 
Quickly looking back to Alexander, he is still shredding his shirt to bandage my wound. Apparently my time in hell is affecting my healing. Every time he pulls at the material his chest and arm muscles ripple in a most delicious way. He smiles at me as he collects my broken thoughts. Then, as if I didn’t even notice, he is quickly tying the knot around my ruined arm. When he tightens the knot I bite my bottom lip to keep from screaming. He helps me to my feet and I let myself collapse against his strong, bare chest. I feel his moist, solid muscle pressed against my cheek, his heartbeat lulling me into a submission I never knew existed. 
Then it hits me: I’m in shock! 
As if lightning strikes Alexander, he laughs loud in his head but stops abruptly as the snarling from the hellhounds quiets. Alexander cradles my head into his bicep and rushes for the cavern down the hill. He gets maybe three feet before I feel him stop and say, “Oh shit!” Just as I think this is a bad sign I feel him move his powerful leg up and hear a whimper as something cracks a tombstone. Wanting to see what’s going on, I try to lift my head up but am forced back when Alexander rubs his hand over my cheek. As I feel that fuzzy warmth of surrender I hear another growl, then a quick thud followed by another whimper. Alexander rushes forward and presses his back hard into the walls of the cliff. We reach the bottom but hear the hellhounds continuing to scurry at the top, trying to scamper down behind us. They aren’t in time as Alexander slips into the cave and we disappear into the darkness. 

Chapter 19
Lea	

I wake to a warmth like no other. I see Zari curled against Gaius on the other side of the fire; the sight of them makes me feel like all this was worth it. And then the familiar masculine scent accosts me, makes me look up at the man whose lap I’m lying in. Smiling at him as he smooth’s my hair, he smiles back. I feel strangely exposed as I lie here, but when I glance down at my feet next to the fire they are still clad in my now favorite boots. I reach up my arms, though, and there’s no material to mention. I scan all the way down my body and see I am in a cami and my black jeans...again. At least I’m not naked this time. Smirking to myself for just Alexander and I to understand, I use our connection. “At least this isn’t like the first time when I woke in the night gown in your bed. My head is suddenly filled with a loud chuckle. 
I hear a loud chuckle in my head but refuse to answer Alexander in the same manner. “It’s not funny! Every time I fall asleep or pass out you seem to undress me! I know you’re my mate, but really?” The amusement in his eyes has me mesmerized and I can’t help but laugh.
I try and sit up but he holds me in his lap. I can feel the length of him underneath me, my lower regions starting to moisten without my permission. 
Shaking his head, he smiles and thinks, “We have a lot to talk about, my love. There will be time for that when we get out of hell.” 
He’s right. I sigh and snap my attention back to the fact that we are in the final stage of hell. It’s time to get the fuck out of here! I forcefully pull myself up using his strong arm as leverage. Instead of fighting me this time he lets me complete the action. 
When I’m sitting all the way up, I look at my arm oddly. It was all jacked up before, but when I look at it there are just the same three large scars slicing it again. I cross my legs Indian-style and look Alexander in the eyes, thinking carefully of my next words. There is a peace in his eyes I have never before seen, making me instinctively calmer too. 
“How do we all get out of here alive?” I ask softly.
“We have to defeat the Demon General here—and all his minions. I believe if we just kill the General, though, we might be able to sneak the fuck out of here.” 
I nod and then gasp as a memory strikes me. “But we only had five days to get you out! How long have you been here? How long have we been here?!” 
Alexander looks at his watch and shrugs his shoulders as he answers. “We have counted four sunrises. The next will be five. But as of true time, it doesn’t exist here like it does on Earth.” 
His words shake me to my very core. Looking at Alexander, wide eyed and freaked out, I stand as quickly as my pained muscles will allow and look around Alexander for my shirt. I snag it from the ground and begin to put it on, but as I slide it over my head I notice numerous brown stains and huge holes spread out across the sides, back, and arm. I pull up my cami to see if my body endured any of the same damage. My stomach shows the healing of bruises, broken ribs, and scars that weren’t there when I got to hell. I sit down in silence as I try to remember how this happened yet I can only remember waking up in the cave; everything else is a blur. I know my wrist hurt before but I can’t recall why or how. 
I sit there, confusion written across my face, as Alexander rushes to his brother. I strain both my eyes and ears to eavesdrop but can only make out the last bit. 
“Lea’s forgetting already, Gaius. We need to go now!” My heart races at the words and I stand and pull my shirt the rest of the way down over my injured abdomen.
Staring into the fire I forget what I’m doing here and start walking toward the others, who are gathered talking in hushed tones at the other side of the campfire. They all look at me as I stumble over a rock and give it the how-dare-you look as I catch myself. I realize quickly that I didn’t catch myself though; Alexander was holding me up. I look up into his now black eyes and smile. I’m still at a loss when I remember his ice blue eyes he had before our mating, that transformed us both. I snuggle into him, starting to feel better just by being closer to him. 
“Do we know what the plan is yet?” I ask dreamily. I know we need to get home but I’m not sure what that entails. I’m starting to wonder where I even am. 
Alexander glances back at Zari and Gaius over his shoulder and then returns his focus back to me. “We are going to have Zari try to open the portal. The fae queen never said we had to kill the final demon to be free, did she?” 
A question that pops into my head at his word, as if by magic. “Did you get the revenge you came here for? And why the hell would you come to hell for revenge anyways?!” Things begin to click back into place. “Haven’t you ever heard hell is, well, a cesspool of hell?!” Both Alexander and Gaius laugh, but Zari smacks Gaius on the leg. He shoots a look of amusement at each of us in turn. 
Brushing my hair from my face, I glance at Alexander, who still hasn’t answered my question, and catch him staring at me. Instead of feeling the overwhelming power of modesty like I usually do, I just smile and think to him and him alone. “I love you. Let’s go home.” 
He smiles and nods at me, then comes up behind me and places his naked chest against my shoulder blades as he kisses the nook of my neck. I guess I should take this as a sign he’s ready to go home too! I start moving with him as he walks slightly in front of me toward the cavern exit. About halfway there we hear a scratching and snorting sound from in front of us. Nothing that makes that sound could be any good, and we all know it. 
Alexander turns to his brother and they exchange a knowing look. Gaius rushes up to Alexander’s right side. Together, they slowly peer around the slight curve of the rocky cave. Our men disappear around the corner and Zari comes to my side quickly, taking me by the elbow. She starts squeezing it as if her grip will make this any less terrifying. 
When I hear the familiar sound of boots striking something solid, followed by a loud squeal, Alexander reaches out to me in his thoughts. “All clear, my love.” 
I look at Zari and slowly try and move her toward the front of the cave. I feel her pause and quickly try and reassure her. 
“It’s okay; Alexander says it is safe now.” Her hesitation seems to subside and we actually move in unison instead of me dragging her out of the hollowed cavity. Once we get around the bend, we see the same muscled, bloody hellhound from before lying limp on the ground next to Alexander and Gaius. Alexander winks at me, and I hand Zari off to Gaius before taking my spot next to my mate as we walk into the now dimly lit outdoors. The crimson and black-as-tar sky captivates me when I look up into the horizon. 
Alexander regains my attention and moves me closer to where Zari’s parents’ graves sit in the dirt. I try and direct us away from the tombstones though—it’s clear she isn’t ready for this—and I carefully make my way through the crumpling, dusty markers, stumbling even so. I must say, a graveyard is not a place for a naturally clumsy person, monster or whatever it is I am. 
We all stop at the top of the hill next to what looks like a large mausoleum. I don’t know if the bars on the doors and windows are to keep people—or things—out or in. Alexander and Gaius step up next to me, Zari hunkering behind Gaius. I knew she wasn’t ready. I look at Zari and smile. 
“Sister, I know these new revelations are soul shattering, but we need to get out of here. So, pull your shit together and let’s do this thing,” I say, giving her the tough love she’s always so fond of. I hug her quickly. 
“I know. I got it. It’s just…hell. We are in hell!” Zari replies. 
I smirk at Zari and move next to Alexander’s bare-chested body. Just being in close proximity makes my blood boil. Before I have a chance to get carried away though, a pale-faced, bulging-eyed scrawny demon of sorts’ jumps on Zari’s winged back. She starts screaming and flailing her arms and her own wings as she tries to shake it off. Rushing to her side as she freaks out and can’t push the demon off. I feel my teeth starting to gain length as I scan the horizon near the tomb for Alexander and Gaius. Not seeing where our men are, I gingerly touch my teeth to my lips, then pounce on the back of the boney creature. His skin is so thin that my fingers seem to crack his flesh as I squeeze. I plunge my teeth into the neck of the demon and take my fill of the sweet, crimson liquid so quickly that I have to pull away to catch my breath as the creature becomes pliant. I gradually lower him to the ground. 
Tilting my head back in a satisfaction I have never felt before, I breathe deep as Zari turns to look at me with tears in her eyes, a silent scream threatening to escape. Zari turns and is met by Gaius’s broad chest, as she leans into him for comfort. 
Alexander rushes to my side and uses our connection. “Are you okay, my sweet? Try not to worry. Zari won’t remember this when we are done. She is lucky to have a sister like you.” Reacting to Alexander’s kind words, I curl my arms around his bare, bronzed, masculine chest. I burrow my head into him as if I can crawl inside, I let the tears fall for the first time since we have been in hell. Everything has piled up, my emotions and temper are a raw beast just waiting to explode. Finally feeling the pain and anger subsiding, Alexander run his fingers through my hair as I let it all out. I breathe for a moment and then pull my head free, feeling a sense of relief I haven’t felt since I became this hybrid monster. But the relief is short lived: Alexander’s chest is smeared with my bloody tears. 
Alexander follows my horrified gaze and looks down. But instead of freaking out, he just smiles and wipes at the liquid as if it’s water. He turns me around and pushes me towards Zari whose arms are open and waiting on me. 
I know I have to get the fuck over these issues of me being a monster—it doesn’t seem to bother the people I love. I smile through my tears only to have Zari wiping them away for me now. 
“You did nothing wrong, Lea. You saved me. I was just in shock….I had never seen you feed before. You’re not a monster—you just need a different kind of sustenance now.” Pulling me in tight to her ample bosom, I feel the flutter of her miraculously iridescent wings. The demon ripped her right one a little as it clung to her earlier, and I see the raw, jagged edges and know it must hurt like hell. 
Alexander steps toward us and tilts his head. He then looks at Gaius and, in a quiet understanding, we all slowly start to move the rest of the way to the edge of the graveyard. Once we pass the last tombstone we come across ground that looks like it’s been cracked, lava or hellfire or something seeping through the fractures. Every step we make is a serious test of agility because all it takes is the one wrong move and we will lose our fucking feet. Alexander knows what I’m thinking and speaks aloud. 
“Gaius, watch your footing, bro.” Gaius nods and helps Zari over a large gaping hole. She uses her wings to help steady herself—on her feet she is as clumsy as I am I realize I am actually happy at this moment, even with my stomach full of blood, and being able to maneuver without falling on my fucking face like I would any other time is kind of nice. And there’s no scratching from my inner beast. It must have gone to sleep after feeding on blood for the first time. 
Beaming from ear to ear, I start hopping as if I’m playing hopscotch like Zari and I did when we were younglings in Nalla Vareim. Zari laughs out loud and follows my lead, finding some playfulness in this one true hell. We grab hands and skip as our men stand to the side and snicker at us. Our expressions are wiped blank though when our next step is cut off by a small beetle-like creature that appears out of the lava bubble in front of us. 
It’s the heft of a st-bernard sized dog and I stop mid-stride. It pushes its mouth into the now-deflated boiling bubble from which it came and draws the fluid into its body. He grows larger with every slurp of the liquid. Alexander shoves himself in front of Zari and I, and kicks at the bug. It flies to the side to avoid being hit and spits as it lands to the ground in a ground rumbling halt. 
My eyes widen in horror as his spit lands on my right leg, just below my dagger holster. I jump and scream as I leap and land on my ass in a bone-shattering thump. 
“Son of a bitch! Why the fuck does it always happen to me?” I let myself complain for a moment, grumbling under my breath.
Alexander and Gaius are too busy slaying our current adversary to notice my plight, but Zari rushes to me when she sees me pulling on my leg in pain. She starts humming our lullaby and soothingly rubs my arm. She unsheathes my dagger and starts pulling my jeans out of the melted crater the lava has created in my leg. The moment the material is pulled away from my open, mutilated burn, the skin sluggishly starts to fill back in. There go my healing powers again.
Alexander and Gaius half turn themselves into werewolves, their hands and mouth set in a monstrous form. Alexander stands about a foot taller than Gaius but I have a feeling this is because he is not only a hybrid race, but also alpha of the pack on top of everything. Alexander rushes at the bug from the front, Gaius going around the back. When they come together they both lunge and land on their own sides as they hit the ground. They both reach down in unison and slash at the enlarged winged back of the bug. The creature’s blood gushes up and out as they tear apart the body. Each rips his half into a quarter and tosses it at Zari’s and my feet as the wet splatter reaches us. 
Zari looks at it, repulsed, and turns her head as she pulls out her crystal warding wand to use her powerful, deadly pure light on the creature. When it melts into the ground Alexander rushes up to me and looks me over. Reaching down, he helps me stand and embraces me. 
“I’m sorry you got hurt again, love. It’s almost over, I promise, and it will be worth it once we are home.” When we break our embrace and he helps me steady myself on my feet. We scan the area and see Zari and Gaius embracing. Zari’s wings are pulsating and every vibration sends a small splash of dust loose. I can’t keep myself from staring and smiling as I watch them caress each other’s faces. Gaius leans in and kisses her on the forehead. When he pulls his lips away, Alexander gives him a knowing look, the two men smirking at each other. Gaius just shrugs and takes Zari’s hand, placing a tender kiss on her palm before continuing on our escape.

Chapter 20
Lea

The horizon seems to come out of nowhere and we all stand in awe at the trees towering before us. Flames lick their branches, all the way across the skyline. The broken, bubbling ground seems solid enough, but fire falls from the sky. The ginger and auburn hues that radiate through the sky gives off an eerie glow. I turn to Alexander, his newly black eyes reflecting the embers that float in the air in front of us as he and Gaius are both still in wolf form. We start following the trail of black-and-red soot, but stop dead in my tracks while scanning the horizon. Where the fuck do we go? This is a question apparently all of us are wondering because each of us searches the skyline for an opening—or rather an exit. 
Little bits of weeds start popping up all around us, the dense forest closing in. But just as I start to think that we couldn’t be any worse for the wear a shadow encroaches upon us. 
Alexander looks back and sends his thoughts to me. “You might want to suit up, love.” 
For once, I smile as I transform into my monster self. The beast inside starts coming to the forefront of my mind, running excitedly against my frontal lobe. I can feel the vibration of her exhilaration pounding through my heart. The warmth and love I’m feeling for my companions makes my partial transition faster than ever before. And this time I remember to open my mouth as my fangs recede out of the corners of my mouth. 
Zari takes her position on my right again and braces herself for the coming battle. She reaches into her back pocket and retrieves her warding wand. 
Gaius swiftly transforms back to his handsome self and kisses Zari on the forehead. She closes her eyes and relishes in the loving moment. When she opens her eyes I’m smiling at her. After I clear my throat she smiles back and shrugs her shoulders at me. 
“Are you ready for this, sis?” I say. “Stay by my side and don’t get yourself hurt. We need you in one piece to help get us the fuck out of here.” 
Zari takes the three steps to my side and holds my hand for a second as we squeeze our palms together. Remembering that my hands are part claw—and razor-sharp ones at that—I withdraw them from her delicate skin, hoping I didn’t hurt her. 
I turn back toward the horizon where instead of a winged demon or a hellhound, is…me? Or someone that looks just like me. I take an automatic step back. The only difference between me and the woman in front of us is that her hips are wider. And instead of my dark black hair and monster black eyes she has turquoise eyes and black hair. 
Moving forward with my hand outstretched, as if entranced, Alexander stops me. “That’s not you, my love. It’s your mother’s image—they are trying to mess with your mind.” 
I shake his hand off of my shoulder and start rushing forward to my mother. I have never had the chance to meet her before. The bloody tears pour from my eyes, and I can’t stop myself from sobbing as I try to concentrate on putting one foot in front of the other. When I look down at my hands, I frown—I don’t want her to meet me this way. I pull my claws in and shrink my teeth. The fact that I looked like a monster just a moment ago, though, has no bearing on how my mother is looking at me. She is simply standing there with a tranquil look on her face, holding her hand out for me to take. The longer I run toward her the longer it seems to take to get to her. I don’t understand what is going on until I hear the loud padder of his large paws coming up behind me. He grabs my shoulder and turns me to look at Zari. She is also running toward someone that looks like her mother. And Gaius, he just stands where Zari used to be, waiting for her to realize what’s going on. 
I collapse to my knees and look up to the image of my mother. The tears are not just falling from my eyes now; I can barely see anything in front of my face. I scrape at my face in an anger I haven’t felt in a long time, and a helplessness that I have never felt before. I haven’t wanted to be held by someone more in my entire life, except for Alexander. Deep down I know that the demons are only using my mother against me to shatter my soul, but I know something that they don’t: Alexander is my true savior. 
Alexander wraps his rippling arms around my shoulders, and I bury my head in his chest. Alexander helps me to my feet and smiles once I get there. I don’t smile back. Instead, I look around for Zari, thankful to find her wrapped around Gaius as he comforts her too. I know what she’s feeling and look back at my Alexander. I kiss him tenderly just for being him. 
“You and Gaius seriously fucking owe Zari and me for all this,” I mutter against his lips. Alexander chuckles and holds his stomach in response. “You can have anything you want, my love. I will spend eternity making it up to you.” I hear the huskiness in his voice, the innuendo he’s making, and can’t help myself from wanting to rip both of our clothes off in response. My thoughts betray me as Alexander uses our connection this time. 
“Oh, don’t you worry, love. I will be bending you over very, very soon. Hell is just not my idea of a sex palace.” 
I laugh through my mental anguish. I just wish we weren’t in Hell anymore. 
I take a deep breath and try to wrap my head around everything going on around us. I sense Zari and Gaius nearing and look up to find Zari grinning at me. She rushes over and rubs her hands over my red-stained cheeks. 
As if she can’t hold it in any longer she blurts out, “We don’t have to pass anything else. Those mirages were our final test. They were meant to break us. But they didn’t….and we can leave. NOW! I didn’t want to tell you this but the Queen has been talking to me since we have been in hell, she has said the final demon is the demons inside of us all. The one thing we can’t fight. Ourselves. ” 
Smiling back, I wrap myself around her so tight I hear her grunt in pain. I always forget my newfound strength. A small snort comes from Alexander’s direction.
“At least I don’t want to fucking eat her anymore,” I think to him. The exhilaration I feel is like no other. 
 “I guess it depends on what kind of eating you will be doing,” he replies. He chuckles at himself as I shoot him a look of scorn. He retreats back to his conversation with Gaius, still chuckling in his head, which makes it echoing through mine. Damn, this man will have me in a strait jacket soon! 
Trying to tune him out I turn back to Zari. “What do we do now?”
Zari shakes her head. “I don’t know how to tell you this…but I need your blood.” She bites her lip nervously as if I will get mad at her. I just nod, and she starts walking into the burning embers. I follow. Alexander and Gaius are bringing up the rear and stop just shy of us, giving us time and space to do what’s necessary to get us out of this mess. 
Turning my fingers back into claws has never felt so painfully slow as it does at this moment. But when I’m done, I see Zari standing in front of a smooth, wooden altar. I step up next to her and reach my arm out over the wood. She nods no to me first and grabs my dagger and cuts her own arm. The blood down her pale pink skin staining it red as it trickles to the wooden alter and soaks into the wood immediately. Grabbing at the dagger immediately I pull Zari to me. And wait for the passageway to open. But to no avail.
“Look at me Zari,” I say when she refuses to meet my eye. She tilts her gaze upward, and I hold her attention as I glide my nail across my freshly scarred skin. The crimson liquid slowly splatters then pools into the center of the altar as if my blood has a mind of its own. 
Zari steps forward and shakes her head as she fights the tears. “I’m sorry.” 
As the last word comes out of her mouth she quickly removes the dagger closest to her from its sheath and rakes it across the already opened wound. Blood pours out of my arm as if it’s a fountain. Holding my elbow with my other hand I start to feel lightheaded from the massive blood loss, and when I turn back to look for Alexander he is already walking up behind me to steady me. 
Zari keeps sniffling and wiping at her tears as she takes her finger and starts drawing in the blood on altar. The symbols look familiar; I swear I have seen them in the ancient library in Nalla Vareim. I shake my head, confused, and Alexander pulls my head to rest on his shoulder. When she is done drawing, I feel the ground rumble beneath my booted feet. Alexander holds me tighter and pulls my bleeding arm back, holding it to his bare chest. The blood trickles down his muscled torso and in my faint stupor I start running my fingers down the slick blood. Alexander catches my hands, and I hiss as his hand presses against my gaping tissue-exposed wound. The pain brings me back to reality. 
I pull out of Alexander’s grasp and step up to Zari and grab my dagger from the altar. Wiping it off on my black jeans, I re-sheath it, and everything feels right again. The beast calms. With that, I look up at Zari and find that the air flickers as if it’s electric: a portal. Finally. An escape. But where it will take us is anyone’s guess.

Chapter 21
Lea

We all stare at the portal, slack-jawed, and step up to the altar. I close my eyes tight as we move forward through the portal together. When I open my eyes I see the dense foliage of the Adirondack woods. Catching my breath, I can feel the nausea building in my stomach. Alexander and Gaius are trying to act like the big strong men they are by pretending their heads aren’t spinning, but I know their stomachs are turning too. 
I hear a gasping behind me and turn to see Zari laying on the ground gulping for air. No matter how many times you use portals it will never be easy. I sprint to Zari’s side and hug her tight. Spinning aside, she got us out of HELL in one damned piece! Well, most of us are in one piece; I am quite scarred up now, but I’m willing to take scars over having my soul mate back and safe at my side. 
“You did it, Zari!” She smiles at me through her pain and reaches out for me to help her up. I tuck my hands under her armpits and lift her to her feet. Apparently, in my excitement, I forget my own strength and I propel her a little too far into the air. I keep my grip on her and slowly place her feet on the ground as she gives me her patented what-the-fuck look; I can’t even count the number of times I’ve seen it over our years—or rather centuries—together. I shrug and giggle before turning to see Alexander and Gaius slowly making their way toward us. I can tell just by the slow movements they haven’t gotten back to themselves just yet either. 
But that doesn’t stop Alexander from leaning in to give me our first real kiss since I found him in hell. The warmth of his mouth makes me want to crawl into bed with him. Alexander reaches down and rubs his hand up my arm, which makes me flinch in pain. At least it distracts me from wrapping myself around his naked upper body and forces me to look at my arm. It’s still not healed where Zari sliced me like a sacrificial lamb. I don’t understand—I’m supposed to heal. Alexander notices my furrowed brow and gives me a concerned look. He uses our connection. “If you feed I have a feeling it will heal. Take blood from me, love, and it will get better.” I vehemently shake my head but he steps forward and takes the dagger from my right holster. I shake my head again and step back. We are not doing that again. Slowly reaching forward, I take the blade from him and put it back in its case where it belongs. I close the last few steps between Alexander and kiss him on the nook of his neck. When the salty-sweet taste of him hits my tongue my nether regions ache in need. I extend my fangs and gently press them into his neck. His skin tearing under the sharpness of my teeth, and the crimson liquid fills my mouth. The orgasmic feeling it gives me begins to drive me into frenzy. I force myself to pull away because if I don’t there is no way I will be able to stop. 
The moment I remove my fangs from Alexander, I look at the damage I have caused and realize he has already healed my bite marks. I glance down at my arm and all I see is a scar going across it. If I were human, that injury would have dissected my arm completely, no doubt.“Okay,” I say loudly. “Now that that is over with, can we please go home?” Gaius and Zari look over at me and nod their assent. “Alexander? Lead the way?” 
 “It’d be my pleasure,” he says aloud. Then reaches through our connection: “And when I get you in bed, it will be yours.”
Heat rushes to my cheeks, among other places, and I try to shake it off as he winks at me and then starts walking toward the sun. Zari, Gaius, and I follow and take in the breathtaking view of the dense Adirondack foliage. The excitement I feel is so intense it feels unknown. 
It’s as though we have been walking for hours when we finally reach our village. No one is up and about this early in the morning, so we all take to our respective cabins to clean up and rest. Alexander and I rush through the door of our home. We literally run through the living room, startling Meda with our hasty entrance, but just continue running until we reach the double doors to our suite. I start pulling off my boots and smile at Alexander, who is unbuttoning his pants while using his foot to remove the opposite boot. I hop up and down, yanking at my shoes, when my uneven footing gets the best of me and I fall on my ass on the wooden floor. I laugh and have to hold my side where I broke my ribs. It might be “healed” but it still aches. I laugh again, not caring.
Alexander smirks at me and rushes to my side to help me, but instead of letting him I tug on his arm, pulling to the ground. He lands on me with a powerful thump. It makes me throw my head back and laugh. Alexander moves closer, caressing my bare and arched neck with his tender tongue. My heart feels like it’s in my throat as I tilt my head back even further as he works his way down my body. Just as he’s about to crawl in between my legs I stop him. 
“Wait,” I say. “Let’s get cleaned up first.” Alexander sighs but pulls himself to his knees and helps me to my feet anyway. 
I hurry toward to the shower, sneaking a peek at Alexander’s firm, naked form as I go. He rushes up behind me, grabbing around my waist, as I tear my shirt off of my body. The dried blood has made it stick to my skin and almost fucking impossible to pull it off without taking my skin with it. I carefully peel the dried gore away from my skin. The relief I feel when the shirt hits the floor is incomprehensible. I shimmy out of my jeans and, of course, Alexander is right there to pull them down my legs. I rip my black lace panties off next, and Alexander stops in his tracks at the sight of my naked ass. 
Giggling, I jump into the glass shower and start the hot water, hoping for steam in the process. I press my arms against the shower wall and my face into the searing water. I feel a breeze as Alexander, in his entire naked splendor, gets into the shower behind me. He rubs his engorged member against me and presses his solid body against the curve of my ass and spine. The amount of blistering pleasure I feel when he gyrates against me makes my heart to skip a beat. 
I push off the shower wall and nudge my ass against his groin while I reach for the body wash. I grab my loofah but Alexander stops me just as I’m squeezing the pearl liquid onto the poof. He takes it from my hand and massages it into a pile of suds, then gently starts rubbing at my raw skin. The pain and pleasure mixes and my center starts to burn with desire. I want him to touch me more, to never stop. 
When he gets to my stomach, I feel the pressure from my bruised ribs but can’t help myself from pressing my naked, dripping body against his powerful frame. The soap is making every move that much more sensual as he reaches the apex of my pleasure and rubs gently between my thighs. I am in awe as I watch the red bubbles drip from my tight body—yes, red, not even pink. When I look down again, though, there is no more blood. All I see is my pink skin and the bubbles. I lean my head under the water again and reach for a pump of shampoo to wash my hair quickly. There are more pressing matters at hand—mainly my man’s hardened perfection. After rinsing my hair, I turn to face Alexander, who’s standing at the ready, waiting for me to help him now. I take the loofah and add more soap to it. Lathering it up, I deliberately take my time as I move across the broadness of his chest and shoulders. His arms are wide and cut, and with every inch I wash, I make sure my fingers rub along the clean skin left in my wake. 
I reach down and start to rub the soap across his member, bit by bit, and watch him twitch as I rub my fingers along the glorious thickness of him. Alexander clearly can’t stand it any longer and pins my arms against the tile. He conquers my mouth with his tongue while moving himself up between my legs. Instead of thrusting into me though, he starts by rubbing his free hand against the soft patch of hair above my center. This has me bucking myself toward him within seconds. I lunge my hips forward, wanting to have the length of him between my legs instead of his fingers. I lift my legs up around his hips as he lets my arms go so I can wrap them around his neck. He presses my back into the shower wall as he lifts me higher, removing his fingers from deep inside me. When he pulls his fingers out he licks my juices off of them. Spreading my legs further apart, he enticingly starts to stroke his generous shaft against my inner folds. My whole body shudders, and instead of letting him tease me, I press myself down harder onto him as his thickness fills me completely. The sheer pleasure from him entering me has me leaning my head back and moaning in delight as he thrusts harder and harder, my climax approaching. 
He slows. “Not yet,” he growls. I stop mid-thrust and let him move me where he wants. He pulls me from his hips and turns me around, bending me over and gently rubbing his throbbing manhood against my ass before he thrusts himself into me. This has me reeling in pleasure, and I feel like I’m going to topple over in ecstasy. Alexander grabs my hips with his right hand, while reaching around to softly squeeze my bosom with the left. My nipples harden at the lightest touch from him. I can’t help myself from rocking back and forth on top of him. When he growls into my ear, I feel the submissive part of me give in to him as I feel my climax building. “You feel like hot, wet silk,” he groans. 
I buck wildly against him as I let go of all pent-up stress and desire. He possesses me completely as I feel him thrusting even more wildly into my hot folds. He throbs deep inside me, throwing me over the threshold of my orgasm. I feel him spill his seed deep in my pink folds as he moans in pleasure. He leans against my back and pulls my body against his. 
“I love you, Lea.” 
I smile and relish in his arms. “I love you, too Alexander.” 
Suddenly, I feel a familiar burning down my right arm. At the same time, Alexander hisses in unison with me. I grab at my arm and look quickly, only to find the tribal wolf tattoo I received from our first mating, and transformation has gotten larger, as if it has been burned into my flesh. I look at Alexander in shock as he smiles sweetly back at me. His mark is much larger than mine; the massive wolf now goes from his shoulder down his toned bicep to his elbow. The only other difference is that his is like a mirror image of mine—the wolf on my right arm and on his left. As if when we look in the mirror it will be the same. As if I have any doubt I was made for him, as he was made for me.

Chapter 22
Lea

When we step out of the shower I reach for my black silk robe. I start to wrap it around myself, but Alexander takes it from me and drapes it across my shoulders. This brings a smile to my face, and I turn to admire him as he still stands in all his naked glory before me. I fumble for his matching robe and have to forcibly peel my eyes off his manly body. I finally get my wits about me and grab his robe for him. I toss it in his direction and run for the suite. 
I get to the armoire, ready to pick out my clothes, but by some miracle—or by Meda—they are already I laid out: a new black t-shirt, black silk panties, and a matching bra. My pants are more of a dark, faded color instead of the black I’d worn in hell. I look around for my boots and see them cleaned and shined sitting next to my hutch. After I put on my clothes I snag my boots and head toward the dining nook. Padding in my black socks toward the table, I dare to hope there is actually hot coffee waiting for me. And there is! As is Alexander. He sits there, pouring vanilla cream into a freshly brewed cup of coffee. 
I rush to his side and throw my boots to the side so I can actually enjoy the warmth. Taking my first sip it’s like liquid gold going down my throat. Alexander sits in quiet comfort, staring at me with a smile on his face. I keep looking at him out of the corner of my eye as I enjoy the delicious brew. Finally I can’t take him staring anymore. 
“What?!” I smile to lessen the blow as he shrugs at me, pretending that making me feel uncomfortable wasn’t his intention. 
“Nothing, my love. I really am just happy to be with you again.” I lean in and kiss him tenderly on the lips. We hear a slight shuffle of sounds as we both look in the direction of the noise. Meda is standing in the doorway, smiling shyly. 
“I was just wondering, Miss Lea, if I could introduce my son to you. He has heard tales of the wingless Fae sent to save our souls.” 
I beam at her. “Of course. I would love to meet him, Meda.” 
Meda turns. “Faolon,” she says to someone outside the dining nook. “You may come in.” Half expecting to see a knee-high little boy, I am surprised by what greets me. He is tall, has broad strong shoulders and long, black, shining hair. His cheekbones are high, his eyes so dark brown they are almost black, and his full plump lips are sure to make a young lady very happy one day. I would think with the long hair and full lips he would seem feminine, but by no means would I classify him that way. 
Meda nudges him as she waits for him to remember his manners. When he picks his jaw up off the ground I smile at him and he eases. “My name is Faolon. I’m seventeen and have heard the legends of you since I was in diapers. It’s an honor to actually meet our alpha’s mate.” He reaches forward to shake my hand. I lightly take it and nod. 
I look at Alexander and he smiles too. “Faolon is in our officer-training program. He has made great strides that have not gone unnoticed.” Alexander smiles at Faolon as the young man averts his eyes. Apparently he forgot to whom he was talking. Alexander waves at him to stop with the silly Neuri pack rules and offers a pastry from our basket. 
Faolon shakes his head as he looks back at his mother. “I’m good, thank you. I need to get back to my studies, sir. Lea, it was great to meet you. Oh and Sir I was hoping to speak to you regarding taking my place in the pack, when you have a free moment.” Alexander nods at his request. “I will speak to Gaius and we will set the right moment up for you to take your rightful place, when the time is right.” Realizing this was probably the reason Faolon really wanted a conference with me makes me smile. Men and their silly Army games.

Chapter 23
Lea

I finally succumb to the exhaustion later in the evening, the pain, and mental anguish from our time in hell overtaking me. I’m groggy as I am awoken by a startled Meda, who pushes open the doors to our suite without even a knock. The tone in her terrified voice has me almost crying before I even know what’s happened.
“Faolon has been taken, my lady,” she stutters. “The patrol has seen some strigoi in the vicinity and Faolon was out in the forest with his beloved. She has been found skinned but Faolon is missing. Please…please help!” The tears are stinging my eyes now too as I throw the covers off me and quickly dress. 
Alexander gets up as well, walking to Meda and holding her to stop her shakes. “Shhh,” he says. “We will find him.” 
I try not to frown at the words. Alexander I am less optimistic if what they did to Luke was any indication of what is in store for Faolon. The Strigoi are not a forgiving bunch. 
I zip up my boots and move over to Meda, Alexander making room for me to take over comforting the woman while he prepares. She buries her head into my shoulder and sobs louder. Rubbing her back, I speak softly to her. “Do you know where they could have taken him? Did the guards tell you anything?” 
Meda dries her eyes just long enough to use her hoarse voice. “No,” she says. “But the Strigoi like the cave where it all began. Or so I have heard.” 
I look at Alexander, my eyes wide, and he rubs my shoulder in reassurance. Realizing Meda is still standing there, I gently grasp her shoulder and start walking her toward the front door of the cabin. “We will do everything we can. I promise you.” The pain I feel inside for lying about my optimism is blind siding me. 
Meda nods her head in agreement, sniffling as I open the door. “Thank you. You are the greatest chance he has, Miss Lea.” 
The words that should give me strength only tug at my heart, making me realize that maybe I will have to wait for another life to actually live peacefully with Alexander. I turn to find him and see him standing by the French doors that lead to our suite. He smiles at me as he buckles his belt. 
“Why are you smiling?” I snap. “Faolon is in danger.” 
He chuckles at the emotional rollercoaster in my mind. “Lea, we will have peace one day, but while the original strigoi are still roaming this world we cannot.” He says the last word as he finishes tying his combat boots. I press my lips into a firm line, understanding, and start to make my way to the door. 
“Where are you going?”. 
I turn to look at him, shocked that he’s not following me. “To get Zari and Gaius, of course!” 
He shakes his head at me, seriousness steeling his expression. “Love, we can’t bring them this time. They can’t help against the originals—you know that. This is our burden to bear alone.” 
I never signed up to save the whole fucking world! When can we just be us, I wonder. 
Sadness slides across his eyes for me, and I hear him cursing the thoughts I’m having, thoughts that weren’t even meant for him but because I can’t shield myself yet I am stuck with him being able to access all of my inner turmoil. A single bloody tear escapes my exhausted eyes, and Alexander moves to sweep it away. He wipes the bloody tear from his finger onto his cargo pants. I rub my own finger across his lips, then touch my mouth to his. 
We embrace for a moment before we pull apart and start getting everything together. I walk to our suite and look for my daggers, Alexander following close behind. He opens my armoire to show a whole side compartment that has all the weapons we could ever need. I smile at him and walk over to grab my dagger holsters. Strapping them to my thighs I glance up at Alexander and watch him assess the weight of the throwing axe. He nods and attaches it to the back of his belt before grabbing the throwing knife as well. Locking hands, Alexander, and I run from the cabin. 
The entire village is staring at us as we hurry past them. The whispers make me nervous, but I have such little time to worry about it that I just keep running. When I see the village edge in the near distance I start running faster. Alexander easily pulls ahead of me, which makes me have to let go of his hand. Everything seems a blur as I follow Alexander into the darkness of the forest. Moving at such a fast pace the tree branches keep smacking me in the face, stinging like mosquito bites. I know my skin is being scratched but have little time to worry about such an inconsequential dilemma. I push through behind my mate. 
Things start to look more familiar as we come into the clearing where the cavern sits. I see that the large trees have already been moved from the cave’s door, and the torches along the walls illuminate the path leading inside. I feel a prickle of my beast against my skin as I try and get control of my inner anger. 
Alexander looks at me as he uses our connection. “Now might be the perfect time to let your beast free. She has never had a chance to play, love, and this may be a feast.” Alexander makes it seem like such a wonderful experience, but my response is cut off by the sound of an anguished cry muffled deep in the cavern. The animal in me slams into my skin as if she is going to force herself from my body. I let my hands transform into their glorious razor-sharp claws and let my teeth sharpen and protrude. I smile at Alexander as he shakes his head and transforms into his beastly self with his elongated mouth, sharp wolf fangs, and claws that are twice as long as my three-inch long talons. Even now, I find him desirable. He peels his shirt from his broad, toned chest and shoulders, almost making me drool, flashbacks of our hot shower session fresh in my mind. 
Alexander takes off, ascending the stairs to the cave’s entrance two at a time as he rushes for the heavy wooden door. Déjà vu isn’t even the proper phrase in this situation. I’m just plain pissed that we have to come back here, and am pretty sure that this won’t be the last time. Alexander stops just shy of the door and counts to three in his head for only me to hear. But the pressure on the sturdy door is stopped short by the blood-curdling scream that radiates from the chamber within. 
Moving alongside Alexander, we slam our shoulders against the door together, allowing us to rush the room. To our delight—or as close to it as we can get right now—there is only one original Strigoi waiting for us inside. But there is also a young man—Faolon—sitting limply in a chair to which he is tied. Looking around, I notice that the candelabras are lit in each corner of the cave chamber. When I am satisfied there are no other Strigoi hiding in the shadows, I start cataloging Faolon’s injuries. He has blood coming out of a deep cut in his forehead and two silver daggers stuck in each thigh. Thick, scarlet liquid pools out from under the chair. Chains are wrapped around his wrists, legs, and shoulders, so tight I can see the blood dripping from the chain links. I hear Alexander’s heart racing and the anger amping up inside him. He moves closer to the Strigoi. 
When he gets close enough to see our enemy’s face, Alexander takes a sharp intake of breath. “Magrot!” he spits. “I knew this was your doing!” If his name could be any more of a cliché, I have no idea what the fuck it would be. Just seeing who was torturing one of our youngling is enough to have Alexander losing his shit. 
Stepping up next to Alexander, I hope my proximity will help him through this anger, help him channel it. I place my hand on his shoulder and think to him. 
“We can beat him. You take down his ass and I will help Faolon.” 
A calm passes over Alexander’s face before he jumps into the air, landing where Magrot should have been. But he had moved at the last moment in order to miss Alexander’s drop kick. Magrot cackles maniacally, his celebration short lived as Alexander puts his combat boot upside the Strigoi’s face. Alexander draws him to the corner of the room. 
Rushing to Faolon’s aid, I see he is bleeding much worse than I expected and is losing consciousness with every passing moment. I follow the wrapping of the chains and start to free him. Pulling them from his mangled body, I can’t help but feel for the boy as I hold his head against my chest. 
“This will hurt for a minute; I have to remove the silver from your legs.” He whimpers and sighs into my chest as I reach down to his right leg and pull the dagger from the thick meat and bone of his thigh. The dagger doesn’t want to come out, though, making it painfully obvious that the blades are either curved or serrated. In either case, I will have to wiggle them to release them from his disfigured limbs. I lay his head back against the wooden chair and just as I’m about to straddle his legs to pull out the daggers, Alexander and Magrot smash into the chair, shattering it into a thousand pieces and sending Faolon crashing to the stone ground. I hear him let out a loud whistle of pain as he hits the ground with all of his weight. 
As he lies there, I take note of two deep lacerations across his chest. His muscle is exposed, and I am literally in awe that his fucking heart isn’t sticking out. I look around for something to grip the bloody hilts of the daggers once more, but can find nothing but a shadow dagger. Its two side-by-side daggers are attached by a single handle— more of a sword than a dagger really. No matter though as a shadow dagger always causes massive damage with each edge as sharp as a scalpel. 
I crawl up to Faolon’s head as I pull off my shirt. The action catches Alexander’s eye long enough to let Magrot put his knife-like claws deep in my mate’s ribs. Hunching over in pain I see the blood pouring from his wounds, and look down at my own side to see the same damage. Oh no… 
I quickly reach out to our connection. “Alexander! My Darling! Rip his fucking heart out!” Alexander grunts in response., He grabs the Strigoi bastard and starts to chew on his face. Magrot’s screams fill the air, allowing me the opportunity to actually help Faolon, who has passed out from all of the pain and is breathing very shallow, raspy breaths. 
My first plan of action is to pull the daggers out. I straddle Faolon’s stomach to get the most leverage and reach for the handgrips. I slowly start to wiggle the blades out. Instead of him screaming in pain this time, though, he lies there, still as a cadaver. Thank God he cannot feel this torture. Once I have removed the double-edged curved silver blades, I throw them across the room to Alexander. He lets go of the Strigoi’s face and catches both of the silver blades before plunging them both into the shoulders of creature that is now pinned to the ground. 
Alexander doesn’t hesitate, using his claws to rip into the original Strigoi’s chest, tearing and pulling as he goes. Every piece of flesh that is removed is tossed over his shoulder with a sickeningly wet splatter. Every time I hear it my stomach turns. It turns again when Alexander howls in pleasure as he gets to the monsters heart. Gripping it with both hands, he rips it from the body, and the Strigoi goes completely limp. Alexander stands and shows me the heart. When I see it, my stomach settles, my beast taking over. 
After I get my fill, Alexander takes a bite out of it. “Do you want some more, my love”? Chuckling at his improper sweetness, I reply, “I’m good, darling.” I shake my head at the insanity of it all. 
Now I look back at Faolon. Being snapped back to reality is never fun. The youngling has lost a lot of blood, and from his faint breathing, I can tell it has caused his lungs to fill. Something in my head tells me to feed him. I take the shadow dagger that is still lying next to his cold body and make a large slice across my arm. Blood gushes up and out in large streams, and I put my arm over Faolon’s mouth, forcefully filling it with my blood. 
Alexander rushes to my side covered in blood in his half naked glory. He grips my arm and rips it away from Faolon’s lips. Alexander quickly wraps my wound in the shirt he had shoved into his back pocket. Stopping the blood seems to be his first reaction, and his next shocks me even more.
“What have you done, my love?! We don’t know what will happen if our hybrid blood mixes with a pure blooded were youngling!” 
I growl at him in response. “We can’t lose him! I would rather take my chances than let him die on us.” 
Alexander nods his head reluctantly as he realizes I’m not going to give in on this. He leans down, ready to lift Faolon over his shoulder and take him home, when Faolon starts to cough. The blood I had put in his mouth is pouring out now, dripping down his cheeks and neck, pooling in the dip where his trachea is. 
He sits up, both of us not sure what to think when we see that his chest wounds are already completely healed. He is breathing normal and his head laceration is gone too. The cuts in his thighs are even slowly closing. 
He looks around in shock and when he hears me exhale slowly, he jumps and shudders in terror. Placing my hand over his he seems to calm him, and he slides into my lap as if needing to be cradled. He puts his head against my chest and starts to breathe in my scent. I look at Alexander, startled, but his only response is in my head. 
“Oh shit,” he mutters. “I think he is bound to you. He can heal, and he will be fast. I’m pretty sure he will be able to turn just like you can too. And he’s yours now. He can never be too far away without some kind of adverse reaction. At least this is what I have heard, I’ve never seen it before. I thought it was a myth.” Alexander sighs and lifts a hand to his head. “How will we explain this to Meda?”
Being completely confused does not suit me well, and I start stammering over my words as I try to reply. “I—I—I couldn’t let him die because of me! The only reason they took him is because he had my scent on him, and you know it. I couldn’t have another deat h on my hands. They are already covered in so much fucking blood!” 
Looking down I realize my statement is not only figurative. My hands are coated in dry blood that makes them feel like I’ve shoved them into a tub of glue that dried on my skin. The only difference is its color.
Moving Faolon aside very gently, I start to get up. Alexander reaches down and helps me to my feet. I look him in the eyes and see that he is actually more fearful than angry. “Oh, my love…”
As Alexander reaches to caress my cheek, Faolon jumps up as if this whole ordeal never took place and moves within inches of my side. I can’t help but let my eyes shift on the fallen Strigoi behind Alexander. I find myself smiling. We did it.
 I look back at Faolon. The large laceration has already healed, but I am not as lucky. Alexander’s previous explanation echoes in my mind—I must feed to heal. And I’m not talking about pastries. I sigh.
Alexander catches my gaze, his eyes twinkling. “Don’t worry,” he says. “I will make sure you eat when we get home, love.” 


Acknowledgements~ To the fans of the Damned series, I hope you like traipsing through my dark world. There is so much more to come! 
