

Without End
WITHOUT END

A Melrose Shops Novel

Copyright 2014 by A.R. Senault

Smashwords Edition

Thank you for downloading this eBook. This book remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be redistributed to others for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy from their favorite authorized retailer. Thank you for your support.

This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses places, events and incidents are either the products of the author’s imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.




Formatting and Interior Design
by AnnMarie Stone
Dedication

This book is for The Greek. Without her, I would have never made it to first period English Literature to get stung by the writing bug from a brilliant New York Times bestselling author. Without her, I would have never experienced the crazy Greekness in action, and I’d have nothing to joke about. Without her, I’d be a different person, and not for the better. May her life be a fun and wild ride to a Tina Turner or Depeche Mode concert, Without End.
Table of Contents

Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Epilogue
Chapter 1

The echo of my red sole striking the travertine floor inspired a memory of my pathetic attempt at tap dance lessons as a little girl. Meeting Los Angeles' quintessential man of sex had my nerves attempting an escape through my right toe, shuffle-ball-change. The elevator's arrival pinged and my reverie ended with a bang out finale. Leaning against the rear of the elevator were four tattooed and pierced-clad beasts of sex personified. Their combined smirks proved my admiration was more obvious than I'd like.
"Come on in, Doll. We don't bite," stated one beast as he held the doors open with his embellished arm.
An impressive display of muscles strained against his snug black t-shirt. His candy sweet smile contradicted the bad-boy vibe he embodied. My attention deficit issues abolished the toe tapping for a more prolific compulsion to lean against his tall frame, croon nasty thoughts into his ear, and flip the hardware on his lip with my tongue.
Rather, I entered the elevator and turned my back to the foursome and replied with an assault of sass, "A good bite doesn't frighten me. I was surveying my chances of making it out alive if you are the chainsaw massacrers."
"Aw beautiful, our chainsaws are in the shop getting sharpened." My chance to reply was thwarted by La Mer chiming from my handbag.
"Bonjour," I greeted and briefly checked the bars on my phone, hoping my call would not drop in the elevator. My brother Jean and his wife were due with their first child in one month and as a favorite aunt to be, I was insistent about receiving regular updates.
The heat permeating from the stares directed at my back side was hot enough to singe my designer suit.
The elevator stopped at several floors picking up more passengers. I scooted to the front corner of the car instead of moving back closer to the fantastic four. Although rude, my conversation continued hushed and in French. The chuckles from the back of the elevator were audibly similar to teenage boys seeing boobs for the first time.
Once in the lobby, I sought out a cushy chair to finish my conversation in private. The sound of heavy boots on the marble floor alerted me to catch a peek as the eye candy strutted past.
All four were equally drool worthy, but something about the one who called me Doll had my heart performing Cirque du Soleil acrobatic routines. He caught my eye, tipped his baseball cap and shot a searing grin. Hidden under his cap was a luscious handful of dark brown, wavy hair. My mind wandered to more things hidden as I visually devoured the taunt denim covering his posterior. Ah, snug denim across a tight derrière and thick thighs. Male magnetism one-oh-one and I knew better than to register for that instruction.
"Claudette, es-tu là?" My brother's voice dragged me back to reality.
Grateful Jean could not witness my lechery, "Oui, je'suis ici. Sorry, I'm just distracted thinking about my meeting this morning."
"You will be exceptional. I have every confidence that this man, whom I don’t think I’d like, will be charmed by your brain and, unfortunately, your beauty too."
I knew Jean would slip in a warning without saying the overused ‘be careful or watch your back' statements he usually doled out.
Our call ended and I headed to the restaurant where I was to meet Spencer Marks. He owned a handful of exclusive night clubs, adult magazines, and a few private sex clubs. I was interviewing with him to publish a series of articles in one of his magazines.
The hotel restaurant was bustling with professionals visiting the Los Angeles area for business. I poured myself a coffee from the elaborate buffet of fruit and pastries and when I didn’t spot Mr. Marks, I decided to wait at a table visible to the entrance.
"So tell me, Doll." I coughed into my napkin, pleasantly surprised by the intruders joining me at my table. "Why is it everything in French sounds naughty?" His deep brown eyes smoldered with the mastery of sexual conquest.
Silly man, sensual banter was a weapon very few could challenge me with and win.
"Oh, are you referring to my conversation in the elevator?" Hoping to draw him in, I laced my question with innocence. I watched him swallow and imagined my tongue gliding over his throat. Unable to resist a challenge, I decided to duel with his playful demeanor.
"Well, that is because the conversation was naughty. I am in a committed three way relationship and my female partner called to ask whether I would prefer vanilla or strawberry flavored body oil for my welcome home." My head tilted and I looked into his dark pools of lust with a demure blink of my lashes and a sarcastic grin. "I told her to let our male partner know that lube will be unnecessary for anything they have in mind."
Mr. Beautiful Brown Eyes gulped, "Marry Me?" he deadpanned.
"No." My answer was equally unemotional. His friends chuckled.
"Okay, sleep with me?" The sardonic slant on his lips exposed a dimple.
"No. Sex complicates things." One of the Musketeers slapped him on the back to gesture a nice try.
He forged on, "We can just have meaningless sex?"
I pursed my lips and looked at the ceiling pretending to contemplate his offer.
"Sex is never meaningless," I countered.
"It can be." The three words slipped over his tongue like a smooth whiskey.
"Well then…" I paused a moment allowing a glimmer of hope to trickle into his delusional mind. Then I went for his jugular. "You must be doing it wrong, and therefore, my answer is definitely, no."
His friends were slapping the table with their fists and laughing uncontrollably. My cohort pantomimed a stabbing through his heart.
The laughter subsided and his hand extended toward me, "Dino. Pleased to meet you."
"Claudette, and I am pleased that you are pleased." When our palms connected I felt a tinge of regret because we would likely never meet again. He was playful, gorgeous, and deadly sexy, the type of man I could get lost in.
He introduced his handsome friends Marcus, BB, and James.
Our little meet and greet was interrupted when Mr. Marks walked into the restaurant with a gait that exuded wealth and power. "Ah, there is my breakfast date." I gestured to the entrance and their eyes locked on Spencer Marks.
"Now that is a man with only meaningful sex in his repertoire." The guys laughed at my joke, but Dino looked stung. Maybe I went too far?
I took a final sip of my coffee and rose from my chair, "It was a pleasure."
Admittedly, their stares encouraged a little hip sway as I walked away.

~   ~   ~

A few deep breaths helped calm my nerves during my approach to Spencer Marks' table. "Mr. Marks, I am Dr. Claudette Boucher."
He stood and greeted me with a firm handshake, "Yes, Dr. Boucher. Please call me Spencer." His free hand slid to the center of my back and he guided me to sit.
"Only if you call me Claudette," I suggested and settled into the offered seat. He was immaculately put together. The seam of his dress shirt was pressed into a razor-sharp edge. The cross-hatch of silk on his green tie played tricks with my eyes. I thought if I stared long enough, an image would form.
Spencer signaled for the waiter and we engaged in small talk while we ordered. The interview was rather informal. Spencer already knew about my PhD in clinical psychology with an emphasis in sexual behavior and he was complimentary about my thriving practice. Surprisingly, he was also a fan of my satellite radio show, Dr. Claudette Speaks Relationsex.
"Claudette, God, I just love your name. It rolls off the tongue, almost breathlessly,” he murmured with a sensual tone that surely always got him what he wanted.
 One look at Spencer and it was obvious why he held the well-deserved title of God's Gift to Women. He was movie-star-handsome and filthy rich.
His attention shifted back to the reason for our meeting, "Claudette, there is no doubt that I think you are perfect for this assignment. I would like to include a regular column in my most popular adult magazine about all things love, sex, and relationships."
"Yes of course, because we all know men buy your magazines for the articles." I smiled innocently, wishing I had skipped the overused comment. Spencer in return was gracious and he offered a genuine smile.
"Well, my goal is to appeal to an audience seeking a deeper and more meaningful pleasure. I'd like to morph one of my magazines into a resource for both men and women." He was practically humming his words.
"And you think my articles will give your readers what they seek?"
"Oh, I believe your beauty and your growing popularity are the draws, but your insight and ability to speak candidly on the subjects will sell magazines and broaden my circulation."
Every word out of the man's mouth sounded like sweet seduction spun around a paper stick like warm cotton candy. His hypnotic voice had me thinking I'd like to help him out with his personal circulation problems.
I shook my head to throw off inappropriate thoughts about my potential new boss. He must have known what he was doing to me and he gratefully took pity and changed the subject.
"Do you have any ideas for your first article?" He asked and forked a bite from his omelet.
I shifted in my seat and cleared my throat. "Yes. I was thinking about the ways men and women meet. We have gone beyond bumping into each other in bookstores, coffee shops, and farmer’s markets. I believe that men and women want a more intimate hook-up than the bar scene has to offer. I’d also like to spotlight an area here in Los Angeles since this is where you started your empire."
Spencer was leaning forward and seemed interested in my idea. "I have put some feelers out and a real hot spot for sealing a date is an area on Melrose. The businesses with the most attraction are a tattoo shop, an upscale sex shop, a swanky espresso bar, and of all things, a barbershop."
"A barbershop? Seriously?" He looked perplexed.
"I was equally shocked. I'm telling you, this is an area to be seen in L.A. And from what I understand, it's also the place to find a plus-one." I held my breath and waited for his opinion.
Instead, he threw his head back and laughed. Spencer Marks knew how to enjoy life. But today his enjoyment was at my expense and I have never been a good enough actress to disguise my irritation.
"No Claudette, I'm not laughing at you, but with you. You've surprised me and I am rarely surprised. I would have never guessed that your first pitch would be about a barbershop. I'm envisioning old men getting the hair plucked out of their ears and discussing gas remedies." He chuckled and shook his head in good humor.
"I'm with you Spencer. I assure you the barbershop on Melrose is pumping out more steam than the cold water over hot coals in your favorite sauna."
His eyes glazed over with desire. "Mmmm…I love a slippery woman in the sauna."
It was my turn to laugh at his overt come-on. "I'm sure you do. You have a reputation with women, but not this woman. I'm looking for love."
"I always love the women I am with." Intense blue eyes had me pinned to the backrest of my chair.
Spencer mastered the bedroom eyes, seductive voice, and sultry conversation. In the past, I would not have resisted his powerful lure, “Yes, but you don't love them for very long, and I am looking to get attached."
"Ouch Claudette. I sense working with you is going to be a real pleasure. I will have my assistant set up a meeting in my office to iron out the details of our working relationship."
We ate our breakfasts and enjoyed the easy flow of conversation. He picked my mind about several other article ideas and discussed his vision for the magazine.
"Let me ask you something Claudette?"
"Yes?"
"I saw you with that table of men." He gestured toward Dino, Marcus, BB, and James. "Are they friends of yours?"
I turned and gave the gawking four a smile. "No. Just admirers, we bumped into each other in the elevator. Why do you ask?"
"They have watched our entire encounter and I'm convinced they are pondering the level of intimacy we share. I am an acquaintance of theirs."
I was sure Spencer Marks was familiar with a large portion of the sexy population in Los Angeles. Though, the look in his eyes implied he was keeping an important detail from our conversation.
"Well, Mr. Marks; why don't you offer to walk me to my car and we will give them a little something to heighten their curiosities?"
"I am going to like working with you," Spencer crooned across the table.
I smiled at him and flirted back, "You may even learn something."
Spencer flashed a megawatt Hollywood smile, stood, and offered me his arm. "May I walk you to your car Dr. Boucher?"
"Yes Mr. Marks, you are such a gentleman." I was struck by Dino's hurt expression as we passed my table of admirers.
Chapter 2

Parking several blocks away to get a vibe for the area was not a brilliant choice in four inch heels. Furthermore, that vibe was clunking me over the head for my wardrobe choice. My usual business suit, though extraordinary, meshed better with the uppity financial district crowd. Not a place where a bohemian hippie and a designer glamour girl could coexist. At least I substituted my respectable pumps for some hot ankle boots with zipper hardware. Jimmy Choo, I love you.
On a Monday morning the financial district would be bustling with go-getters like an army of ants preparing for doomsday. Contradictorily, Melrose Avenue was a ghost town. My worry bordered panic that Johnny, my usually with-it assistant, may have offered misguided research about this area. I reached into my messenger bag for my phone and hollered at Siri to call Johnny.
“Bonjour Docteur. I have this pain in my ankle that can only be cured by this hot man next to me nibbling his way up my leg.” I pulled the phone from my ear to check the time, eight thirty; he should be in the office.
“I am not in the mood for your bullshit, Johnny. I am on Melrose and this place is desolate.” I shouted and used my super bitchy tone.
“To top it off, in comparison to a few people I have seen, I look more like the elder chaperone for a field trip through the Citigroup Center than a with-it sex expert.”
“Let’s run through some facts, Claudette. One, I told you, anything before noon is considered a sacred sleep zone for the cool twenty something crowd. Now for fact number two; and there is no pussy footing around this. You are among the older population in that area,” he paused, allowing the blow to my ego time to settle. “Don’t scuff your Choo’s by tripping over my statement, because at thirty-four you are smoking hot and I would fuck you if I found pussy the least bit tempting.”
“How did you know I am wearing Choo’s?” I pulled my phone away from my ear again to see if we were on a video call. Not that I would want to see anything on the other side of this call. However, I knew enough about human nature to admit, I would take a peek.
“Look Doctor, I told you to wear jeans and be comfortable today, but I know you didn’t listen. I bet you a paid day off that I can guess what you are wearing.”
“What do I get if you lose?” I asked smugly through his groans of pleasure.
His breath hitched and he barely squeaked out his guess, “Your black pinstripe suit with the tight jacket bodice, your pink Façonnable unbuttoned right at your bra clasp for enhanced sex appeal, and your to-die-for black ankle boots with a zipper running up the front because you think they make you look badass.”
Did Johnny know me that well or was I ridiculously predictable?
The velocity of his groans was increasing, “Gotta go Doc, he has moved up past the knee. Have some faith. I’ll be off the rest of the day,” and the call ended.
I would fire him if he were not so…so…thorough. Damn him.
I stopped at the posh café across from the Mel/Rose Barbershop to scope out my pièce de résistance from a distance. Most noticeably, an old-school barber pole swirled red, white, and blue at the storefront. The gorgeous Harley parked at the curb was overshadowed by the incredible bike also on display in the front window. The shop sat between a tattoo parlor and a sex shop decked out in seventies' retro design. The shops were closed until I noticed a tall blonde propped open the barbershop’s door and lit the neon Open sign.
Empty iron benches lined the sidewalk and I imagined singles meeting and mingling to fill up the seats. Maybe show off new ink or cry over painful piercings?
Neither of which I had a desire to experience. Never have, never will.

~   ~   ~

The blonde looked up from the computer when I stepped through the door. She extended her hand and greeted me, “You must be Dr. Boucher. I am Nicole.” She mispronounced my name, Boo-ch-air, which was a common error.
She was striking and must have been six feet tall. Her body was knock-out perfect and her blunt platinum hair gave her an edgy look. And my gaydar never failed me. She played for the girls’ team. Any doubts dissipated when she looked at me like I was melting vanilla ice-cream waiting to be licked.
“Boucher, like boo-shay. But you can call me…”
“Claudette?” I was cut off by my name reverberating from the back of the shop. I looked up and saw one of the four luscious sex beasts from the hotel. He quickly approached with open arms and wrapped me in a huge bear hug. God he was muscular and handsome.
I pulled away and ran through the Rolodex of names in my mind, “Marcus right?”
“Yeah, what are you doing here? How did you find us?” He held me an arm’s length away but didn’t let go. “Tell me you are here to put Dino out of his misery. We can’t listen to him crying to his clients for another day about how he met the woman of his dreams and she walked away with Spencer Marks.” Marcus was playful yet pleading.
Nicole piped in, “Holy shit. Are you that Claudette? I had a feeling coming in early would pay off today.” She snickered and slapped Marcus on the shoulder.
“Claudette is the sex doctor writing the article.”
She then snapped her head in my direction. Her haircut, so blunt, may have severed her neck. “Oh My God. Are you Claudette from the radio show?”
“One in the same,” I gestured to myself, still in a state of shock this was happening. The idea of coincidence barely tickled the irony that the men from the elevator were also the focus of my article.
“You are drop dead hot and a sex expert. I just creamed my panties.” And there was the proud acknowledgement about her sexual preference.
Marcus was leaning over and holding onto his knees to catch his breath. “I’ve got to call BB and James to get their lazy asses in here before Dino. They would never forgive me if they missed the show.” He walked away swiping commands into his phone.
“So, it seems Dino has a little crush on me?” I asked Nicole while surveying the shop. Barber chairs lined one wall. Etched into the first four mirrors were the names Marcus, Dino, BB, and James. The workstations were Black & Decker mechanic benches and the floor was a black speckled garage epoxy. Adjacent to the workstations was a solid mirror wall with a row of chairs for waiting customers. Large, flat-screen televisions adorned the perimeter of the shop.
“Hell Claudette, all four of them have a crush on you. Shit. Make it five because I want you too.” She smiled knowing her chances were zero to none. “But poor Dino is in lust,” she laughed.
“Why poor Dino?”
“Oh. His mom would never let him date you.” I was about to ask why his mother got to dictate a grown man’s dates when a roaring motorcycle pulled up.
 “Claudette,” James shouted over the thunder of his Harley.
I stepped outside and got to experience him throwing his leg over the bike and removing his helmet like in a steamy, diet Coke commercial. “You have bowled us over. A sex doctor.” He smirked and grabbed me for a tight hug.
“I guess I am sneaky, going and getting my PhD right under your nose.” I shrugged my shoulders as though the eight years of my education was a breeze.
He laughed and guided me into the shop. “You are a trip. It’s going to be fun hanging out with you.”
“Nicole, this is…”
“We already met.” Nicole sighed heavily and placed her chin in her palms and gazed at me with a dreamy, and overly animated, stare. “I love the way you say my name like, knee-cole,” she sighed again.
“Can you fucking believe the good doctor is the same person as Dino’s woman-who-got-away?” His head shook in disbelief.
I pinned James with a shocked stare. His was the third statement referring to me as Dino’s woman.
“Oh sorry. I should probably watch my language,” he almost looked ashamed.
“No. Fucking is the cornerstone of my practice. I believe the universal four letter curse word in our society should be hate, not fuck.” I was perplexed by the continual references about Dino’s woman being moi.
He laughed again as though I was a standup comedian flinging jokes through a smoky bar. “If Dino wasn’t moping around this place like his mama forgot to stock his fridge with meals, I would claim you as mine.” Disbelief shone from him as though the Holy Grail slipped from his grasp at the last minute.
These people were the poster children for confident sexuality. Drawing attention to this hotbed of confidence may put me out of work.
“Nobody claims me,” I growled.
BB walked up behind me. I didn’t hear him come in. He must drive a car. “Don’t get your knickers all bunched up. Nobody is getting claimed. We are just hoping you show our boy some mercy.”
BB offered his hand, “Nice to see you again.”
We shook, “What, no hugs?” He was not all cheers and hugs as the others.
“I’m not the hugging type,” he stated and went to grab a rope of licorice from atop a red, retro fridge against the wall of mirrors.
Interesting. These friends were open with their sexuality and yet BB refrained from the simplest and least complicated form of human affection. Maybe he was the quiet, brooding kind by nature, but my professional opinion sniffed something under his surface.
My slip into psychotherapy mode was interrupted by James. “Besides, his mom would never…”
His statement was cut short by yet another loud hum of an engine. We all turned to see Dino pulling up. My senses instantly peaked at the sight of him on his bike, in tight jeans, a leather jacket, and skull helmet.
Our casual banter turned into a flurry of directions, suggestions, pushing, and staging until I was settled into Dino’s barber chair and spun around with my back to the entrance.
Before Dino entered, Nicole rushed over and crossed my legs. I was unsure if she was attempting to put me in a particular pose or get a glimpse up my skirt that was riding along my thighs.
The shop fell silent. A ping from an incoming text sounded like an orchestra of cymbals clashing together. Marcus had his hand on the arm of my seat, braced and waiting for the perfect time to spin me around. The experience of being a heifer at auction was becoming a bit unnerving.
The chair moved on its axis and time froze when Dino’s eyes registered my presence. But not frozen in the grand Hollywood heart-pulsing-out-of-your-body meeting. No such luck.
Dino’s cold voice matched his demeanor, “Mr. Meaningful Sex wasn’t enough for you so whoring around here seemed like a better option?”
Well, that was not the homecoming anyone expected.
“Dino!” Nicole chided.
I unfurled my legs, stood tall, and stepped within a foot from Dino’s face. “I am Dr. Boucher. I am a psychiatrist with an emphasis in human sexuality. I have a thriving practice and a popular radio show. I am here to write an article for Mr. Meaningful Sex about the sexual vibes permeating from the shops in this area of Melrose. I am many things, Dino. However, I am not a whore.”
Silence clouded the shop, but the noise between my ears was a deafening decibel. I turned to Marcus, “What are your hours tomorrow?”
He cleared his throat to open a path for the hours of operation, “Ten to eight.”
Retrieving my bag, I announced, “I will be back tomorrow, early afternoon. I have patients in the morning.” I walked out, grateful that the California sun warmed the air enough to disguise the steam vaporizing from my ears.
I heard BB ask, “What the fuck, man?”
And James hollered out, “I call dibs.”

~   ~   ~

Desiree, the gorgeous dominatrix, was the owner of Desiree’s Desires. She kindly allowed the change in schedule and accepted my plea to spend the day at her store instead of the testosterone filled shop next door. The day I spent with her was enlightening. She was a wealth of information about all things BDSM and sex toys.
My irritation over Dino was not well hidden. My tongue slipped and I unintentionally informed Desiree about Dino’s outburst. Her contemplation over swiping a whip from her display and disciplining Dino ticked over her head like a cartoon bubble.
I found the thought appealing too.
We fell into a smooth camaraderie. We rattled on for over an hour about the injustices of sexual inequality among men and women. She shared my sentiments about society’s easy acceptance for a licentious man. Yet, a woman with an active sex life was automatically deemed the village slut.
My fingers barely lifted from my iPad while she offered many intimate insights to a BDSM relationship. I was happy to gain more information from a dominatrix’s perspective. Most of my past research had been on male doms and female submissives.
The highlight of the day was my lesson on cracking a whip. Our lesson took place on the sidewalk smack dab in the open on Melrose Avenue. An audience grew. A few squeals and yelps escaped my mouth when the whip swung around and stung my backside. The guys from next door got up-close and personal to soothe my pain. Well, not all the guys. Dino remained out of sight. But, unfortunately, not out of mind.
I sent a picture to Johnny and my brother of me in a dominant stance with the whip flying in the air. My caption read…
Now my shoes aren’t the only thing badass about me.
Johnny sent a wink along with a raunchy comment…
Whip and cream Doc.
Jean did not accept the humor in my text at all. His text lacked Johnny’s cheer…
Jesus, Fuck Claudette. What are you getting into now? Call me tomorrow morning in between patients. I will answer.
Chapter 3

The math ticked away on my fingers to calculate the time difference between Los Angeles and Paris. The world clock on my phone could tell me what I needed to know. But where was the challenge in that?
My procrastination lasted long enough. I had been sensing some aggravation from my brother lately. Jean worried I could get in over my head someday and the text picture I sent him yesterday likely pushed his limits. We often reached out and touched base to feel each other’s presence.
“No really, why are you so on edge?” I asked.
He let out a heavy sigh, “Marie is distant, irritable, and she cries a lot.”
I rolled my eyes thinking about how stupid such a smart man could be. “She has an oversized basketball pushing against her pelvis and bladder.” A man would require hospitalization under the same conditions.
“I know all of that…it’s just that she…um…doesn’t want to be near me.”
Ah, the truth came out.
“So this is about you not getting any?” Men were such babies.
“Claudette you are not going to sex-analyze me,” he barked.
“Look Jean, she feels like an overstuffed whale. She’s physically uncomfortable and she may even be a bit self-conscious about her bubble belly.”
“I know, I know,” he mollified.
I knew my next comment would embarrass him so I got it out as fast as I could, “Go home. Get some lube or use butter. The French love butter. Let her give you a hand job and come all over her belly. Touch her, love her, and tell her how beautiful she is.”
The vision of him comatose with a gaping mouth had me fist punching the air. The thrill of embarrassing my brother had long been my occupation.
“Fuck Claudette. Scrubbing my ears with Brillo pads is suddenly a top priority.”
“Yes, but that won’t get the visual out of your mind.” I knew he still had the idea in that sex deprived brain, he may be my brother, but he was also a man.
“How many times do I have to tell you that no man…No man…wants to discuss his sex life with his baby sister? It’s taboo…taboo! Why couldn’t you have studied business or become a school teacher like a normal sister?”
“I love you too, brother.” His teasing didn’t hurt me.
His voice turned melancholy, “Do you ever wonder what life would be like if mom and dad were here?”
I think about that all the time. “Every day, no less than a hundred times a day.”
“Mom would be cheering you on. They would be real proud of you, just like I am, sis. Sometimes humiliated, but proud.”
I also often wondered if my relationship with Jean would be as strong if our parents were still alive. When they died in a boat crash, I was finishing my second year of college and I was a typical young woman seeking her own place in the world. Jean became my entire family overnight and we clung to each other for dear life. “They would be even more proud of you, Jean.” Tears welled in my eyes and my throat tightened.
“I’m pulling into the garage Claude. I love you.” I could hear the pain in Jean’s voice about how desperately he wished our parents were here to meet their grandchild.
I did not want to hang up and leave him upset. “If you are out of butter just dip your package in wine. Marie has got to be going crazy for a glass of wine at this point. The French love their wine even more than butter.”
“You had to bring the conversation back to that? I’m off to find a new sister, good night,” he laughed and disconnected the call.
My eyes caught the shopping bag stuffed with the fortune of beautiful whips I purchased from Desiree. I grabbed a black whip with an intricately braided handle to practice some lashes Desiree taught me. The sound I made with the leather was pathetic compared to the professional, but I was able to lash out a few piercing cracks. My intercom buzzed and Johnny’s voice was a soft whisper, “You are scaring the Connors, they are waiting in the lobby for their appointment.”
Shortly after the Connors settled I asked them point-blank, “Did the sound of my whip cracking excite you?” Their honest replies confirmed the adage…it was always the quiet ones.

~   ~   ~

Navigating the back alley to the Shops of Steamy Lust was more challenging than anticipated. I finally spotted a small sign for the Mel/Rose Barbershop. The open parking space, a few short steps away from the back steel entrance door, was almost as wonderful as the idea of a gorgeous man handing me any variation of that famous blue box. My Gianvito Rossi spike heels were thanking Marcus for contacting Johnny and setting up this space. These shoes were not made for walking.
My knuckles hovered an inch from the door. Dino’s fuming tirade and hurt expression stayed in the forefront of my mind no matter how many ways I tried to forget the brief encounter. The chemistry I felt for him was palpable. But it was the refreshing and comfortable banter between us that lit the laboratory on fire.
The door flung open with a G-force that nearly pulled me forward. A behemoth of a muscle-man rushed out in near tears. Nicole was quick on his heels barking orders to use oil based ointments to avoid rashes.
She laughed, “The big boys always cry the hardest.” Her long arm wrapped around my shoulders and she pulled me in shutting the door behind us and flipping the dead bolt.
What was she talking about? “Did he dislike his haircut?”
Her laughter echoed through the narrow hallway. “I am an esthetician. I do all the manscaping.” She pulled me closer, “Anytime you want, I also give a mean facial.”
The light bulb went off. “Let me speculate. One pull of the hot wax over his balls and he crumbled like a shortbread cookie?”
“Even worse, I work on all his special man areas every six weeks and he cries like a baby each time.”
“You are kind enough to allow him back door access to avoid the walk of shame through the front.” Her nod confirmed her thoughtfulness for her victims.
“Look who’s here boys,” she announced to a bustling shop.
Waiting clients occupied the seats along the mirrored wall, and every barber on duty was busy shearing and cutting. I scanned the group for Dino, but came up empty.
“Doc, we’ve been waiting for you,” James cheered.
I got a polite nod from BB between concentrated cuts.
Containing a smile around this group was proving to be impossible. “Thank you for the rock star parking.”
“No problem Doc,” Marcus’ megawatt smile felt like a strong hug.
Dino’s chair was an empty symbol of the tension looming over the room. Everyone seemed to ignore the storm and Nicole took my hand and introduced me to the additional barbers and several regular customers. With sneaky determination, she guided me to sit in Dino’s chair.
“Oh no. I am not sitting here.” I insisted.
“Sit.” She ordered. “Let me tell that prick you are here.” Nobody made eye contact with us. I got the feeling Nicole’s primary job description was to keep this group in check.
Moments later a loud “ouch” reverberated through the shop and Nicole came marching with Dino’s ear in a tight grasp. Dino’s body was hunched over and his feet shuffled rapidly to keep pace and minimize the pain. Nicole swung him around until he was parked directly in front of me. The movement was swift, but the swoosh of air I felt was not from Dino’s progress, but from the backlash of oxygen exiting the room when our eyes met and a blaze erupted. Although my body was still, I felt like a feral cat clawing my way out of the chair to lessen the distance between us.
“Claudette, I owe you an apology,” he said with an endearing coyness.
“Yes you do.” The three words come out as a shaky breath, killing my impervious façade of composure.
Dino’s expressive, chocolate eyes revealed his sorrow, “I’m genuinely sorry.”
“I accept your apology. Maybe we can start over?” I suggested while trying to sound sophisticated rather than a lusting maniac.
He offered a handshake. Brainpower was unnecessary for my reflexes to join our hands. “It’s nice to see you again Claudette.”
“Likewise Dino.” The contact tingled up my arm.
“Marry me?” He placed a soft kiss on the top of my hand.
“No.” The laughter came from all directions and put the fire out. Dino kept hold of my hand and guided me out of his chair.
“Let me get to work, Doll.” He spun me around playfully, “Damn, you are beautiful.”
A cherished feeling zapped the bejesus out of me.

~   ~   ~

Friendship, support, and advice thread through the shop forming a firm web of solidarity. The constant parade of beautiful women showing off their new ink or piercings made a good environment even better for mankind. The barbers were like casual therapists with the offer of a breathtaking vista of sexy women. Several men had therapeutic cries after spending twenty minutes locked away with Nicole. The ambiance was comfortable and welcoming; like Cheers without the bar.
A constant flux of people meandered around to enjoy the scene or catch a segment of ESPN playing on the many flat screens. Customers and employees converged along the benches in the vicinity to check phone messages, chat, or enjoy a cup of coffee. The continuous pull, release, and close of the retro 1950’s refrigerator was a steady beat. Very few customers or visitors refused the indulgence of a bottle of root beer and a rope of licorice.
Marcus was on display throughout the day. His wild exhibit of talent could challenge Edward Scissor Hands. In one hand he was armed with a comb and in the other the longest and shiniest scissors imaginable. His hands moved at lightning speed lifting, separating, and slicing through hair with precision. His wow-factor was most appreciated by everyone pre-teen. Marcus cut hair for each boy who entered the shop. The moms were undoubtedly made up to impress as though David Beckham was in the soccer carpool. In Los Angeles that wasn’t too farfetched a dream.
One observation to pull at my heart was that the elderly men were not charged for their haircuts. Several times I heard the guys make comments about never charging Pops’ regulars. And most endearing, the clients and barbers hung on every word of advice from the experienced council of gentlemen. “Who is Pops?” I finally asked.
BB answered, “Pops owned this shop throughout our youth. He was the father or grandfather to us when ours were absent or nonexistent.”
James pulled me over to the image on the wall displayed next to the Harley in the window. A beautiful couple sat on the Harley waving at the camera. “This was Pops Mel and Mama Rose.” Hence the name Mel/Rose Barbershop, cute. “They loved us as their own children. We worked here after school, did our homework in the break room, and set up our band and practiced every Friday night.” He gazed at the picture with loving admiration. “Pops sent us to barber school when we were old enough and put us to work to keep us out of trouble.”
Dino sauntered over and put his arm around my shoulder, “Pops died five years ago just one short year after we lost Mama Rose to cancer. I truly believe he died from a broken heart. His second love was this shop and he left it to us, his four boys.”
The Mel/Rose Barbershop was infinitely more than just a place to get a haircut. It was a home, a legacy, and a way to stay connected to fond memories. Success for Marcus, Dino, BB, and James was imminent and their aspiration to make Pops proud was staggering. Their desire showed in every fond gesture and level of excellent service within this tiny shop on Melrose.

~   ~   ~

I had to push aside my laptop and give my fingers a break. My head was splitting from missing lunch and my eyes were stinging. I rubbed my temples and stretched my neck. I excused myself and went to the restroom to remove my contacts and put on my glasses. Hopefully, I would not be shunned from this den of coolness after I sported my Stanford nerd persona with my horn-rimmed Prada glasses.
When I reentered the front of the shop, my focus was solely on opening the fridge and popping the top off a cold root beer. The bottle was chilled to perfection and although, not very lady-like, I couldn’t stop myself from tipping the bottom up and pulling a long drag of the sweet confection.
“Fuck Doc,” gasped James. I turned to notice, without exaggeration, every set of eyes in the place looking at me. My free hand dropped to my hem to ensure I didn’t accidentally tuck my skirt into my panties in the bathroom. Nope, everything seemed in place.
“I couldn’t have dreamed that anything would make you look hotter than your business suits and fuck-me shoe collection.” He scanned my body from toe to head and stopped at my eyes. “Tonight I’m going to have to take myself by hand and I will be thinking of you bent over the office desk in nothing but those glasses.”
That vision floating in a room full of men and one lesbian came damn close to making me cringe with chagrin. “James, you should have filtered that statement about midway through,” I scolded.
An actual growl escaped Dino’s throat and BB reached past his client to smack James in the back of his head.
“What?” James asked innocently. “At least I left out the part about pouring root beer down her back and licking her clean.”
A firmer retort was necessary, “James, I find your unabashed and honest free spirit refreshing. However, your comment could be construed as a bit disrespectful toward women. I enjoy the sexual undertone of our repartee but any other woman may be rightfully offended.” My verbal warning was accompanied by a telling look for him to take caution.
He walked away from his client, sidled close to me, and whispered so only I could hear, “Thank you. That disciplinary lecture makes the fantasy even better.”
My response was to sucker punch him in the arm. “Ouch.”
“I have a headache and the fans were drying out my contacts.” My audience was still shamelessly staring. Probably my account for changing into my glasses sounded like blah, blah, blah, blah to their ears, similar to the teacher from Peanuts.
“Your head hurts?” Dino looked concerned. “Do you want some aspirin?” His client had just paid and instead of calling someone else, he pulled me toward his chair.
I shook my head and wondered what he was doing with me. More importantly, I was unsure why I seemingly would allow him to lead me anywhere he desired.
Dino had his hands on my shoulders and he was looking into my eyes, or at my glasses, from the reflection in the mirror. “I’m going to give you a massage.”
A massage sounded wonderful. And having his hands on me was even more tempting, but I did not like being dictated to. “Dino, a woman likes to be asked before a man offers to touch her.”
“May I give you a quick massage Claudette?” He asked trying to hide a smile under the thin line of his lips.
“Yes.” Only a deranged fool would say no to him.
“Will you marry me?”
“No.” The corner of his mouth pursed tightly enough to form a dimple in his cheek. Surprisingly, I was a deranged fool.
“Damn, I thought I could trip you up that time.” He reached around me and gingerly removed my glasses and placed them on his work station. His fingers lightly slid across my temples. The sensual gesture stupefied my senses.
“Now close your eyes and relax.”
They were already shut, but I playfully opened one eye.
“Oh sorry, will you, please close your eyes and relax?” he reformed, catching on quickly.
He gathered my long, straight, light-brown hair into three sections with his gentle hands and loosely twisted the strands into one lengthy braid.
With my hair out of the way, he placed his large hands on my shoulders and started kneading his thumbs over the muscles above my shoulder blades. A sigh escaped and my body melted into the soft black leather. His hands magically siphoned the stress from my body and inadvertently heated my libido.
My composure lingered within a controllable zone until the pads of his thumbs moved to the nape of my neck. The nape was a classic erogenous zone. Men loved to look at it, and women loved to have the region touched and kissed. The Japanese Geishas applied makeup along their napes’ to accentuate the erotic zone. Mine, however, was highly neglected from over a year of inattention.
Dino’s fingers worked their way up my scalp to my temples. He pulled my head tighter toward his body to gain leverage for the small circular motions he manipulated over my forehead and temples. The hard ridges of Dino’s stomach muscles imprinted on the back of my head and my overactive imagination.
My legs instinctively crossed and uncrossed several times. Dino was a cruel schadenfreude to observe the discomfort at my core while he played me with his magical hands. He should have worked in a proposal because, at that moment, I was defenseless against declaring my undying servitude for eternity.
“Dino my boy, what are you doing to that woman?” Dino’s hands froze and retracted from my head like electric shocks shot out. The term that woman was condescending and rude. And the way she said woman made me sound like a centenarian. I hoped for a verbal assault against our intruder.
“Mother, what are you doing here?” He left me hot and distraught to give his mother a hug. My happy bubble officially exploded and evaporated. Not to mention, the verbal slapping I was hoping for, was a drowning wish.
“I brought you a pan of spanakopita,” she exasperated as though she hiked a mountain with a giant wooden cross on her back. Martyr.
Nicole took the pan and gave Dino’s mother a kiss on the cheek. The guys each stopped what they were doing to give her loving greetings too. Traitors.
“Mother, this is Doctor Boucher. She is writing an article about us for a magazine,” he stated with little emotion, but the bulge in his pants spoke volumes.
I stood on shaky limbs to greet the woman while quickly untangling and smoothing out my hair. “Hello Mrs…?”
“Pantopoulos,” she said with an air of royalty. “What magazine do you write for?” Her inspection ripped my skin to shreds.
Dino grabbed her by the shoulder and answered before I could, “A local publishing about the people and places in L.A.”
He guided her toward the back room and I heard her ask, “What kind of doctor writes about a barbershop?” He pulled her out of earshot before his explanation could be heard.
Nicole shuffled out of the back room brushing crumbs off her top. She handed me a plate of spinach pie.
“Did he lie?” I asked and then took a bite. Damn, mommy could bake.
Her eyes downcast to the floor, “He told her you were a psychiatrist writing a human interest piece on hotspots in L.A.”
Not a complete lie, yet not the whole truth.
Nicole patted me on the knee and jumped up to greet a customer entering the shop.
Most men loved the idea of traipsing around with a sex therapist, but they did not want to tell the matriarchs in their families the truth. My life’s work made me a dream date, but horrible long-term commitment material. Previous relationships have all ended with the same argument, them asking me to bend the truth about my profession and me refusing to do so. I was certain Dr. Ruth did not have as hard a time. Not that I could compare myself to her greatness.

~   ~   ~

I fired up my laptop to review the report Johnny sent about tattoos and piercings. I was spending the day next door tomorrow and I wanted to have some more background knowledge.
The song Hair Dresser on Fire chimed and I answered, “Hello Johnny, I’m looking over the report now.”
“Docteur, how are the fuckable four?” Johnny and James would get along marvelously.
“Fine.” I pulled my lower lip between my teeth and scanned the report. “Listen Johnny. Would you, please send me a little research about the sexual allure of tattoos in intimate areas?” I paused and Johnny knew to keep quiet when my gears were turning. “I would also like a more intimate appraisal of genital body piercings. Do they improve orgasm? Piqué stimulation? Send over some pictures. I am particularly interested in penile piercings. I imagine a bit of metal rubbing up against a clitoris is a powerful turn-on. But what does the hardware do for men?” I took another bite of spanakopita and my eyes rolled back in my head over the buttery goodness.
“No problem Doc. I’ll see what I can find.”
“Hey Johnny?”
“Doc? Nothing good ever follows a ‘hey Johnny,' just spill it.”
“Is your penis pierced?” His laughter bellowed through the receiver.
“No Doc. But I’ve played with a few. I will include my testimonials in the report.”
“Thank you.” I disconnected our call and stood to throw away my plate. The guys’ smirks were reflecting off the mirrors in all directions. Maybe I should have taken my call outside?
Marcus spoke up first, “You discuss sex like it is something growing in a Petri dish and meant for observation.”
I’ve heard similar statements from many men, but I could tell that Marcus did not intend any harm. I believe he got a kick out of my conversation.
“You know Doll; one of us has a genital piercing,” Dino said with a devilish grin.
 Mommy must have left. Darn, she didn’t say bye-bye to me.
“I bet I can figure out who it is?” I offered.
“What do we win when you lose?” he asked a little too sure of himself.
I moved close to Dino. “I will give each of you a full body hug and a nibble on the ear.” I was not going to lose so my offering could have been far more scandalous.
“What do I get when I win?” My breath slid over his mouth. I was not a short woman and in heels I was just shy of six feet tall. Dino’s height was a perfect match, placing my forehead at his lips.
“What do you want, Doll?” The question was laced with innuendo.
Stepping back a couple of feet gave me a better perspective. The fuckable four as Johnny called them, were waiting for my challenge. “I want a dinner and drinks date with the four of you.” I chewed on my lower lip, “Actually, five?” I gave Nicole a questioning look to see if she would come too. She nodded.
“Okay. You’re on.” Dino accepted my challenge for all.
I slowly meandered to BB and stood within two inches from his beautifully inked body. His t-shirt barely contained his full sleeves and inked neck. He had a piercing on his lip, nose, and eyebrow. He was the obvious choice.
“They assume I will pick the obvious.” I looked deep in his eyes. “I know you are not the one,” I paused, reached on my tiptoes, and braced my hands on his shoulders. I whispered close to his ear so only he could hear, “My professional opinion is that you want one, but you fear how much you will enjoy the pain and the pleasure. You fear you won’t be able to stop the piercings. Like those crazy women going under the knife to look like Barbie.”
His breath hitched to confirm my analysis. I clicked my heels back on the speckled concrete, slid my hands down his chest, and circled his nipples with my index fingers. “These I find an immense turn-on.” I closed in on his nipples and gave a gentle tug to the rings I knew would be there.
He blatantly adjusted his private parts when I stepped away. Next I hit Marcus.
“The responsible one?” I guessed. I prowled around his big, strong frame. “You are a manly-man Marcus.” He didn’t have any facial piercings and just a few visible tattoos on his forearms. “I guess that you genuinely like to take care of a woman in and out of the bedroom. You are attracted to women needing your care and protection.” I stood back and chewed on my finger in contemplation. “It’s not you either.” I started walking away but stopped and turned back to him. “When you find her, let her also take care of you. Women like to feel needed.” He acknowledged with a grin.
Dino was my next target. I moved close enough to him that the toes of our shoes were touching. His exhales were mixed in with my breath. My mind was working overtime to shake my attraction. I was also contemplating my attack. He looked like a little kid unscrewing a can of spring worms. Knowing the worms were going to uncoil with force, yet anxious from anticipation.
I moved one finger to the hoop in his lower lip, “I like this.” The hardware wiggled under my touch and I licked my bottom lip. He did not flinch. I had to come up with something better.
My hand dropped to his shoulder and lowered down the path of his arm. “You know? I would have said yes when you had those magical hands on my scalp.” I smirked, “But you went running to mommy.”
The can popped open and the worms flew around the room.
I touched his nose and said, “Not you either.”
Dino fell into his chair and my last attack was waiting.
“James, James, James.” I taunted.
“Hi Doc.” He replied with the first words out of anyone since the game started.
With dramatic effect I pulled off my glasses, placed the tip of one arm between my lips, and gently chewed on the rounded plastic. Laughter sounded around us.
James gulped, “I like your glasses Doc.”
“I like you James.” I said while slipping my glasses back in place. Game on. “I have observed, analyzed, and studied many, many people. None come close to your sexual prowess.” I brushed my hands over his shoulders and chest like I was flattening out his shirt. “You are a sexual creature,” my voice droned over his chest.
“Knowing you have the piercing was easy. Analyzing why you did it was more challenging.” His baby blues popped their gaze from my hands to my eyes. He was not expecting my professional scrutiny. I could not remember the last time I had that much fun.
“The obvious guess would be your playfulness and willingness to try anything.” I shook my head, knowing that was only part of the equation. We were eye-to-eye and his gaze worked to follow my train of thought.
His hands instinctively moved to hold my waist and I wrapped my arms around his shoulders to get close to his ear. “You sure make bold declarations about sex. Those types of declarations come with expectations. Although, I am sure you live up to those expectations, you and I both know that nobody can perform at a hundred percent every time.”
I pushed away from his ear and increased my tone, “So the piercing is all about the pleasure.”
A tug on my shoulder pulled me away from James and the touch sent a familiar buzz through my body. Dino’s possessive expression penetrated his friend. “All right, we all know you won.” Applause broke out.
I curtsied.
“Hey man, I may think about her while jerking off, but I would never sleep with her. She is probably scary-good at sex. I don’t need that pressure,” James said to Dino and winked at me.
“Okay boys. Back to work,” Nicole shouted. Then she added, “I should have recorded that because the look on your faces was priceless.” She walked outside chuckling and then turned around to ask what time dinner and drinks were for my victory celebration. Dino told her right after closing.
An incoming text chimed through my phone.

Sent the report. Got some good info 4u. Anything else?
Wanna join me for drinks tonight? Won a bet and dinner/drinks my reward.
The FF b there?
FF?
Fuckable Four. Get with it Doc.
Yes the FF will b present.
I’m in. Text time and place.

Settling back into a chair, I opened the report and started browsing through the information. When I removed my research blinders I saw a bubbly blonde edging up to Dino. She had her breasts so far out of her top that areola showed. She was sporting a newly healed tattoo. Dino was close enough to her cleavage that he looked like he was digging into a Chinese take-out carton with chopsticks. An honest jealous reaction crept up my back.
Her interest extended to the FF and every male patron in the shop. She did not discriminate with her bouncing art show. I pegged her for early twenties, which meant I was a good dozen years older than her. I sat back silently to gander a guess at Dino’s age. I would place him somewhere over the hump of twenty-five, but not quite thirty. Secretly, I hoped that I could tick away our age difference with the fingers on one hand.
“Dino. How old are you?” He paused mid clip.
“Twenty-nine next month.” Saying twenty-eight without verbalizing the exact number still made him, twenty-eight.
“How old are you, Doll?” His avoidance of eye-contact proved he knew asking a woman her age lacked couth.
“Older than you.” My fingers were working. Math was never my strong subject. Shit, a bit more than one hand.
“How much older, Doll?”
“Not cougar older, but old enough that mommy would not approve.” Pushing his luck with asking my age twice deserved a throttle. And indeed, the Greek mama would want her boy with a nice Greek girl, his age or younger, and ready to boost the population of their Greek community.
Another young lady entered the store to show off some indulgence from Melrose Tattoo and Piercing. This one also sported a shopping bag of sex toys from Desiree’s shop. Poor girl had to juggle the bag to perform the arduous task of pulling up her top to show off a new belly button piercing. Johnny’s research taught me that a gentle tug from a well-placed belly button piercing could send a sensation straight through a woman’s belly to her sweet zone. In fact, the blatant display of BB’s flirting proved the belly button ring was shooting pleasure to his Candy Land too.

~   ~   ~

The next hour entertained with a steady parade of young women, all exploiting a different excuse for approaching the hot barbers. It did not take a professional to observe their earnest pleading for a date or a quick encounter against a wall. Admittedly, the barbers and customers provided ample appreciation to warrant the pleas for attention. Forget the online dating scene. All anyone had to do was hang out at the Mel/Rose Barbershop to get a date. The scent of sexual arousal mixed with the pungent aroma of hair gel permeated the shop.
Fresh air was calling and coffee was a necessity. Grabbing my wallet and phone, I snuck out to get some peace and distance from the turbulent sexual renaissance. In fact, if I was honest, my jealousy watching Dino flirt with the young twenty-something’s had me wrought with psychoanalyzing my intentions. Sex with Dino would surely be unreal. But that was all it would be, sex. And I wanted more.
My current celibacy was a strike against my will power, but I was determined to find the love I grew up with. Thoughts shifted to my painful breakup with Don a year ago. Falling in love with the handsome and successful lawyer was uncomplicated. He was caring, kind, a fantastic lover, and fun. He was also embarrassed to tell his family and colleagues about my work. Skirting around my profession became a game of chess until the queen was knocked off the board because he asked me to give up my career.
Dino’s age did not bother me in the least. Nor did his playboy approach to women. Taming his playboy ways could be accomplished by the right woman. The red flag raised when he lied to his mother about my practice. The flag went up in flames with every comment about his codependent relationship with mommy. Freud would have a fucking field day with Dino and Mrs. Greek Mama.
A chipper barista broke through my thoughts when she called out, “Extra dry, double cappuccino for Claudette.” I hung my suit jacket on a seat by the window and navigated the crowded café to retrieve my coffee.
“You are the woman writing the article.” The barista declared rather than attempt to confirm.
“Yes, I am.” I wanted to get my coffee and sit, but she relented.
“Everyone’s talking about Dino’s epic crush on you.” Her dark curly hair bopped around her face and her olive tone exemplified her bright smile.
Narrowing in on her name tag, I replied, “Look Nia. I dislike adding to speculation, but I am not interested,” part truth and, unfortunately, a fraction of a lie.
“That’s good,” she smirked. “His mother would never live down the gossip from the ladies at church and she has been through enough.”
Lifting the lid off my cappuccino to ensure she made it dry enough, I countered, “Well it’s a good thing fucking his mother doesn’t interest me.” Not my proudest level of professionalism but she deserved it.
I settled into my spot by the window and skimmed through my emails and messages. At six o’clock, I was feeling hungry and quickly losing steam. Lasting until closing for dinner was not going to work for me.
A concerned voice drifted above my head, “Why are you angry at your coffee?”
Vulnerability overtook my senses when I was hungry and tired. I wanted to curl into the voice and beg for comfort. “I don’t like drinking out of a paper cup. I prefer ceramic or better yet, china.”
Dino straddled the chair at the opposite end of the round café table and looked deep into my eyes. Nia materialized with a coffee and before she left, her hand brushed across his shoulders.
His smile was more charming than an actual thank you. “What is really bothering you?”
“I’m tired and hungry. I’ve had a protein shake and two pieces of spanakopita today. Regretfully, I’m going to suggest a rain check for my win.”
Dino raised his impressive body and walked over to Nia. He returned with a croissant.
“Thank you. This is thoughtful of you.” Without hesitation, I pulled the flaky corner of the crescent and popped it in my mouth.
“My motives are purely selfish so no thanks are necessary. I don’t want you to cancel tonight.” His eyes were pleading.
“I am not a night person. I’m usually in bed by nine thirty and dreaming by ten.” I continued to devour the croissant. Obviously I was destined to eat my weight in butter today.
“We were planning on letting our assistant close shop. I came over here to let you know we’ll be ready to leave shortly and everyone wants to know what you are hungry for.”
His solicitous eyes weakened my resolve.
“All right, I’ll go and I am dying for Italian. A hot, cheesy piece of lasagna with meat sauce sounds good.” I should never skip meals.
Dino reached for my mouth and picked a flake of croissant from my lip and placed it to melt on his tongue, “I promise to have you in bed by nine thirty and dreaming by ten.”
He was good at the art of seduction. No, I reneged that thought. He was outstanding!
Chapter 4

Before I followed the caravan of loud Harleys, I texted Johnny to meet us at Spinelli’s on Melrose Avenue. Marcus promised the “best damn lasagna” on this continent.
We pulled up to the valet, frenzied to move pylons for the guys to park. The young valet motioned for me to stop for his services. Dino quickly kicked the stand on his bike and dismounted, offering a drool worthy display as his leg swung over the seat and he pulled off his helmet. If this was a movie scene Robin Thicke’s Give It 2 U would be playing in the background and Dino’s gait would match the steady back beat. Steam would be filtering around Dino’s hotness and he’d be consumed with a salacious need for the object of his desire.
Yeah, baby baby…the music and steam were absent, but Dino had an Academy Award winning stride and a concentrated look of yearning for moi. I flapped my jacket for a quick cool-down.
Dino bowled over the valet boy and opened my car door, offering his hand to help me out of the driver’s seat. He complimented, “Nice wheels. I like the Audi RS5. Good choice.”
“Thank you. Our love affair just began a few months ago.” I was not exaggerating, I truly loved my car. It was hot, sleek, powerful, and downright sexy, much like the man holding my hand.
“Leave your keys with Dominic. He’ll take care of her.”
“Maybe my car isn’t a she,” I teased.
A smile threatened to soften his arousing movie persona, “Some things were built as beautiful women…sexy cars, boats, and you, Doll.” He splayed his large hand at my nape to lead me. I felt like a lamb led to slaughter. Nevertheless, I followed.
His cheesy line earned an eye roll, “With your charm you must be very busy with the ladies.”
He flashed a cocky grin and slid the heat from his palm down to my lower back. “My wishes are for only one particular lady to surrender.”
Considering the heat that was penetrating through my clothes, his hand may have been a branding iron for that poor lamb. Greeks eat a lot of lamb, don’t they?
A tiny force of a woman welcomed us with enthusiastic Italian greetings and iron-clad hugs. The FF called her Mama Spinelli and kissed her excitedly until she swatted them away.
Her cheerful brown eyes locked on me, “Ciao, you must be Claudette.”
From deeper in the restaurant Marcus hollered, “This is my mom Maria, but everyone calls her Mama Spinelli.”
Mama and the FF were surprised when I broke into fluent Italian. Mama burst with joy. She pulled me close into her tiny, yet firm grasp, and sat me in a place of honor between her and Marcus at a huge round table covered with a red and white gingham tablecloth. The table was lit with tall dripping candles, poking up from used Chianti bottles. A beautiful young girl was filling our glasses with Chianti.
A few additions to our dinner party were already drinking and chatting. Mama Spinelli lifted her glass and sang out, “Salute!”
“Salute!” We all toasted and Mama introduced me to everyone in her vibrant Italian. Marcus’ cousin was the beauty serving us. His younger brother Damian looked much like Marcus, but with a chin length head of wavy black hair, and his baby sister Della, looked about twenty and was the image of a young Mrs. Spinelli. My attention was diverted when our salads and piles of fresh Italian bread arrived at the table.
“So Claudette…” Here we went. She was going to ask what I did for a living and then we would have to suffer through the awkward silence while everyone processed my profession. “Marcus tells me you are a sex doctor.”
My breath caught in surprise.
She took my hand, “Maybe you could help me with my sex problems. That bastard ex-husband of mine sought out bimbos our entire marriage.” Marcus choked and sprayed Chianti across the table.
I looked deep in her eyes to ensure my sincerity, “He’s the one needing therapy. Seeking out bimbos is his problem not yours.”
“From your mouth to God’s ears.” Her neck craned around me and she said to Marcus, “Tell me you see how wonderful this woman is?”
Normally, I hated when people talked as though I was not in the room, but Mama was too sincere for my aversion.
Dino piped in, “We all know how special she is Mama Spinelli.”
“I see how this is going,” she said with a knowing nod. “I will warn you boys,” she paused, “the types of women traipsing around Los Angeles after you four are stacked with the kind of deck that won’t impress for the long haul. From what Marcus tells me, this one fell right in your lap.” She was staring straight at Dino.
Leaning toward her to keep my comment private, I said, “His mother has already drawn a line in the sand.”
“That bitch. And I can call her that because she is my closest friend.” Her comment was kept between us.
She did, however, raise her voice louder when she said, “Someday our Dino is going to climb out from under his mother’s control, but he’ll have to feel the pain of losing a great woman before he makes that move.” Her head was shaking with pity and somehow I felt like the one that got away.
Disappointment settled within me. Silence clouded my mood for a moment while I analyzed the unsettling emotion.
BB cleared his throat. “So Claudette, Italian, French, any other languages?”
“I grew up in Paris. And the Italian? As Dino poignantly said, everything in French sounds naughty and keeping with that stereotype, everything in Italian sounds sexy. No other languages.” Mama’s laughter nearly shook the table.
Cheerful chatter encircled our group while we ate. Mama engaged the FF in conversations laced with care and love. I never knew my facial muscles could feel so overworked from smiling.
Two hands squeezed my shoulders and a set of lips grazed my right ear, “If I forget to say it later, I am thanking you now for inviting me.”
“Johnny!” I jumped up and took him in my arms. When I turned to introduce my assistant, I noticed a fierce expression in Dino’s eyes. Johnny was a good looking young man with a model perfect physique. His light brown skin and vivid green eyes came from an exotic mixture of his Puerto Rican mother and Jamaican father. He was the type of unusual that required a double take.
“Everyone, this is Johnny, my fabulous assistant.”
Marcus introduced himself and proceeded to call out everyone by name in a whirlwind of greetings. A chair materialized and Johnny was whittled between Dino and BB directly across from me at the table.
“Doc, I was pleased with the valet but this,” he gestured to the gorgeous men around the table, “is a gay man’s nirvana.”
Dino visibly relaxed.
Mama’s laughter rang out, again. “Johnny I hope you are okay with lasagna. A little bird told me that our guest of honor was craving lasagna.”
Although we were in a restaurant, Mama served us a family style meal rather than allowing free reign of the menu. I felt at home.
The lasagna was unreal. I used a piece of bread to swab up the rich sauce and the cheesy residue before my plate was whisked away. Cups of espresso and platters of cannoli made their way to the table.
Mama hollered at our little waitress to save a plate of lasagna for Nicole. I almost forgot Nicole was supposed to meet us.
From behind I heard a familiar voice, “Doctor Boucher? Is that you?”
Turning in my seat, I spotted one of my patients moving toward our table. I stood to greet him, “Brent, nice to see you.”
Never before had a patient pulled me into such a tight embrace. My patients have ignored me on the rare occasion of a public encounter. My doctor-slash-patient confidentiality clause required me to keep the identity of my patients private. He was not circumventing by greeting me as Dr. Boucher, “Everyone this is a friend of mine, Brent.”
“She is also my therapist.” He obviously was not worried about hiding anything. Good for him.
Another round of hello’s resulted from his approach.
Through an arch was a full bar and stage that had gone unnoticed when I entered earlier. “Are you playing?” I asked Brent.
“Yeah, will you sing something with me?”
“You sing?” Dino asked with surprise and a little excitement in his voice.
Brent answered, “Yes, she sings like an angel.”
“Please sing Doc,” James begged. “Tonight’s fantasy is ironed out but tomorrow’s fantasy is still in the making.” He wiggled his eyebrows and smiled like the Cheshire cat.
Mama’s hands hit the table, “It’s settled. I want to hear the voice of another angel.”
Another angel? I was not about to ask or disappoint. Besides, I loved performing and Brent would be a great partner.
“You eat your desert and I’ll get set up. We can do that one you are always playing at the office from Country Strong.” How did he know about that? Sometimes I played my guitar in between patients, did he hear me? We’ve been working on strengthening his awareness to charm the opposite sex. I was the wrong woman.
Dino noticed the concern on my face and he mouthed, “You okay?”
I nodded and shook off my worry.
Mama was pushing around the platter of cannoli and she placed an espresso in front of me. I was full, but I have never been known to turn down desert. Especially desert that looked mouthwatering.
My heart warmed from of the amazing group of people embracing me and my assistant. The openness was liberating and I would not settle for anything less than that uninhibited feeling when I found a man to share my life with.

~   ~   ~

We switched to drinking a nice brandy at the bar where everyone huddled around several sets of tables to hear me sing. A much needed run in the morning, in all probability, would be put to death by an inevitable hangover.
Brent eased to our tables and asked if I was ready.
I looked around at anxious eyes and said, “Ready or not, here I come.”
“I only have one acoustic. Can you play this song?” Brent asked.
I nodded and he helped me pull the guitar strap over my head and shoulder.
Two stools were set up on the stage and I adjusted the microphone to accommodate my height and took a deep breath to push out a few nerves.
Brent spoke into his mic, “My name is Brent and this is the beautiful Doctor Boucher. We are going to sing, Give In To Me.”
Admittedly, I was concerned over the intimacy Brent showed towards me. I took note to address my concerns at our next session and possibly suggest another therapist.
Applause hushed at the sound of my first chord. My eyes shut to find a groove as Brent sang his first verse. His voice was deep and rich. Before my solo verse, I joined Brent and we harmonized the chorus. Midway through my first solo I opened my eyes to an overwhelming audience of appreciation. Marcus had his arm around his mother and they were swaying with the beat. Nicole had arrived and a fork full of lasagna was frozen midway to her mouth. No surprise, James was undressing me with his eyes. Johnny paid zero attention to me; he had too many distractions around him. BB’s brooding demeanor was replaced with delight.
It was Dino’s totally unpredicted reaction that took my heart by surprise. His eyes were full of desire and pride. I was begging and pleading into his eyes by the time I sang come on, come on. I may have been singing with Brent, but I was singing the words to Dino.
After my last chord had faded, applause broke out with an array of catcalls and whistling. Brent gave me a thankful hug and took his guitar. I bowed and smiled like a fool.
Accolades shot around our group until they were well satisfied their appreciation sunk in my thick skull. Nicole took my seat when she arrived and an empty chair was pulled up to our tight cluster of tables. The snug fit nearly had me resting in Dino’s lap. A bottle of brandy was passed my way and Dino poured a glass. With one finger, he pushed the round goblet in my direction and smiled mischievously.
The amber liquid danced over my tongue and a warm stream eased down my throat. My tongue instinctively lapped up the tiny pool on my lower lip. Dino leaned in close. I anticipated a kiss and made a quick mental decision to accept. Instead, he reached his right arm across his body to show me the time on his watch and whispered, “I promised to have you dreaming in one hour.”
His words suddenly collided with the rush of need ricocheting through my body. Dino was my personal wet dream in IMAX 3D!
“So Claudette,” Nicole asked, “why are you single? Are you looking for something unobtainable?”
Grateful for the interruption from Dino’s hijacking of my hormones, I thought about Nicole’s question. “People are often blinded when the right person enters their vision because of unnecessary or overabundant parameters for a partner.” I took another sip of brandy to think. The group was hanging on my words so I wanted to pull together a worthy answer.
“My needs are not outrageous. I want a man who knows how I take my coffee, not because he asked or was told, but because he ingrains my every pleasure in his mind. Additionally, he must be strong enough to fight life’s demons to make sure my cup is always full. I want us to be buried so far under each other’s skin that distance is painful. I’d covet a man who would shout with pride that I am a sex doctor and declare he is the luckiest bastard to have me.” Pausing I shut my eyes to push back the impending sorrow, “I want what my parents had, inexorable love.”
Silence stiffened the air surrounding us until Johnny lifted his glass in my direction, “If anyone finds him, it will be you Dr. Boucher.”
Thankfully, he also blew a burst of fresh air with some humor to end the suffocating silence. “God knows, the FF could dish out plenty of fun until Mr. Coffee drips from heaven to claim his prize,” his eyebrows danced suggestively.
“The FF?” James asked.
“Yeah, the Fuckable Four. You guys must have mirrors at your barber-shop-of-sex to see how hot you are,” Johnny teased.
Embarrassment veiled me, “James meet Johnny, your unabashed kindred spirit from the other team.”
After that statement was a perfect time to end the party. “I’ve got to call a cab and head out.” While I scrolled through my contacts, I mapped out a plan to leave my car and also take a cab in the morning.
My phone was swiped from my hand. “Doll, I remained your official designated driver throughout the night. I am taking you home.”
“Dino,” I scolded. “I don’t like being told what to do.”
“Oh yes, I forgot to form everything as a question like we are playing Jeopardy,” he cleared his throat. “What is…May I have the explicit honor of driving you home Dr. Boucher?”
The therapist in me warned to say no. But my nether regions breathlessly screamed…Yes, Yes, Oh My God, Yes. Damn my inability to resist that man.

~   ~   ~

Dino ushered me towards a huge Cadillac.
“Wait, why is Dominic driving my car?” I saw my car in idle waiting for us with Dominic in the driver’s seat.
“He negotiated your car as payment for his services tonight. Don’t worry, I trust him explicitly.” The nonchalant tilt to Dino’s smile was downright charming.
Much like a puppeteer, Dino pulled my strings to commandeer my mind and body. My disloyal limbs climbed into the tuna boat at Dino’s request.
I needed to escape and avoid succumbing to Dino’s charms. But first, I had to endure the drive home with his spicy man scent permeating the air in Mama Spinelli’s SUV.
During the drive to Manhattan Beach, our conversation flowed seamlessly.
“When did you learn to play the guitar?” he asked as he eased onto the highway.
“My parents wanted me and my brother to learn an instrument. They allowed us to pick and I originally chose the drums,” I chuckled at the memory. “Soon our neighbors were begging for mercy from the noise. Hindsight, I think my parents wanted me to play the violin, but they never forced me to embrace their ideals. They always supported our aspirations.” Remembering their unconditional support overwhelmed my senses and tears pooled in my eyes. I kept my emotions under cover by facing the window. “While I was pounding away on the drums, my brother Jean was beautifully mastering the piano. I never caught on to the drums and I must have been about thirteen or fourteen when I switched to the guitar.”
Talking with Dino was comfortable and as a therapist I knew the benefit of releasing sad feelings before they festered into unmanageable pain. I continued, “The thing I remember most was the pride my parents had for my fortitude to keep at the drums for nearly two years until I faced my failure. Now I can understand how happy they must have been to remove those drums from our flat.” I smiled at my reflection in the window thinking about the party the neighbors must have thrown when my drums got shipped away.
“The children in their circle of friends were playing what may be considered ‘respectable’ instruments like the violin, cello, and the flute. My parents never implied to an ounce of shame because I wanted to play a less orchestra worthy instrument.”
Dino’s hand gently covered my leg just above my knee, “You may have failed at the drums, but you certainly mastered the guitar. And your voice is, incredible.” My eyes wandered to stare at his olive skin outlined against my pale thigh.
“Tell me Doll. What happened to your parents?” he asked rubbing tiny circles with his thumb. Comforting me was likely his intention, but instead my libido was humming enough to vibrate his hand further up my leg. I placed my hand atop his and a sense of calmness engulfed my emotions.
“My parents died in a boating accident when I was twenty. They were visiting some friends in the Riviera when a drunk driver rammed his speed boat into the side of their rented yacht.” Dino’s comforting touch had me silently begging for him to maintain physical contact with my skin.
“Do you only have one sibling?”
“Yes, Jean is two years older and his wife is expecting their first child in about four weeks. They live in Paris.” I settled deep into my seat to enjoy Dino’s hand that inched up slightly, but still sat at a semi-respectable spot.
The rest of the drive passed in silence except for the occasional direction to my house. We reached my little Spanish style bungalow and Dino pulled into the driveway with Dominic in tow.
Dino’s boots padded behind me and my senses fired like live wire. He was intent to see me safely to the door. Fumbling with the keys, I finally unlocked the front door and stepped inside. In the darkness, the door shut behind us and Dino’s body lined my backside. Hesitantly, I stepped away to switch on a light.
I rarely wavered between sending a man home and wishing he would stay. Making a pact with myself after my last break to eliminate casual sex from my dating pool had left me deprived. Desperation was not an emotion to have lurking in the shadows when a man as attractive as Dino was in my foyer. Dino was not my “Mr. Coffee” as Johnny so poignantly phrased my ideal man. Although, I could certainly have some wonderful sex this week, write my article, and never see him again.
Conundrum; I always found the word fairly harmless. Now that I found myself in a conundrum, I disliked the implications of the dreadful word. Take one path and deal with the consequences, or accept the idea of missing an opportunity?
Dino must have sensed my dilemma, “Dominic is in the car and with his hyperactive nature he is sure to start bouncing in the seats of the Cady and come ringing your doorbell. I know you want me to ask, but I think I will risk telling you this time. I am going to wait here while you get ready for bed and then I will be tucking you in like I promised.”
My logic faltered, which made fighting the urge to see where his proposition would go, futile.
Leaning against the wall his eyes burned into my back as I walked down the hall to my bedroom. Quickly, I rummaged for some boy-shorts and a T-shirt and brushed my teeth. A brisk rub of moisturizing cleanser and a few splashes of water sped up my facial regime. I looked in the mirror to give myself a nonverbal pep talk. Nervousness was an unsettling and foreign feeling. Noticeably, I looked younger out of my suit and sans makeup. Damn, that was the second time Dino had me questioning my age. My instincts chanted mirror, mirror on the wall who was the biggest fool of all?
Boots echoed down the hall and I jumped to attention before the witch popped out with an apple.
“Are you ready Doll?” Dino’s voice was both smooth and teasing, like a fly fishing line dancing over a river. I was sunk.
“Yes, I just need to set my alarm.” He entered my room and tossed the decorative pillows on the chaise and pulled back my covers.
I heard a thump, thump of his hand tapping the mattress, “Get in Doll. I promise to be on my best behavior.”
Said the shark grinning with half a surfer hanging from its mouth.
I sat on the bed and Dino slipped his hands behind my knees to raise and twist my legs onto the mattress.
Dino dragged the covers over my body in a painfully slow deliberation. The thousand count cotton sheets felt like hospital grade over my goose bumps. He braced his hands on the pillow at each ear and bent over until he hovered above my face.
“You are beautiful,” his scent filled my personal space. Faded cologne mixed with Dino’s warm smell of musky maleness was an aphrodisiac.
“You have several alluring qualities yourself,” I whispered.
Dino clinched his jaw and appeared to have an internal battle. I watched him patiently take several deep breaths before he leaned closer and placed a soft and slow kiss at the corner of my mouth. Before the separation, he inhaled my scent and looked as though his final tether of control snapped. A nearly inaudible groan vibrated from his throat.
My hand moved to the back of his neck to help him finalize his debate. He gnawed and kissed his way across my jaw and down to the sweet spot directly under my ear. “I should behave,” he whispered with my earlobe between his teeth.
“There is nothing bad about the way you are making me feel.” My hips were wiggling restlessly.
“When I finally have you, I want to spend all night exploring your body until I am satisfied with hearing you climax multiple times.” His left hand slipped over my breasts and my back arched off the mattress. “Dominic is waiting and Mama Spinelli must want her car back by now.” He was stating the reasons that would take him away from this moment, but his hands had other intentions.
He said when he has me. Not if. Confidence was obviously a strong point for Dino.
“I need to take care of you and give myself something to dream about.” His hand slipped down my abdomen and into the front of my shorts.
I was plastered to the bed, fearful that he would remove his hand before touching me. A plea escaped my mouth, “Touch me Dino, s’il vous plaît.”
His fingers danced at the edge of my panties just above my triangle of hair while he passionately kissed me. I entangled my tongue around the hoop in his lip and when I couldn’t survive another second without his fingers on me, I clasped the ring with my teeth and lightly tugged and begged, “Please Dino.”
He smiled and pushed his hand under my panties and over my folds. He audaciously tickled my labia before firmly swiping one finger from my anus to my clit. “You are so wet,” he likely meant to moan, but it came out as a painful whine.
His right hand pushed under my t-shirt and he began kneading my breasts while flicking the skin above my clit with his fingers. The sight of Dino leaning above me with his hands playing me like a piano was the sexiest spectacle I had ever experienced.
“God, you are so fucking sexy.” Dino voiced my thoughts.
He pushed one finger and then two, past my wet folds and applied more pressure and movement over my hooded nub with the pad of this thumb. Dino bent closer and slid my breast into his hot mouth. His free hand pinched my right nipple and his left hand continued its assault over my needy sex. I did not realize until that moment how desperately I had missed a man’s touch.
My impending orgasm built and rolled down my body causing a twitch in my lower extremities from the brewing release.
“Come for me Doll,” Dino begged with the words vibrating over my breast. He clamped onto my nipple and the constraints of my body could no longer contain the mounting pressure.
An orgasm crashed through me like a wrecking ball swinging on a pendulum and knocking my release in undulating waves of pleasure. Unrelentingly, Dino’s fingers stayed on course to stretch my satisfaction until the sensitivity caused jilting contractions.
“Oh mon Dieu, je vous remercie,” I thanked him with sated delight.
Dino was already smoothing out my shirt and pulling the covers up to my neck. Through tender kisses he said, “I don’t know what that means. I’m tempted to stay and risk facing the wrath of Mama Spinelli to hear you say it again.”
“Wrath?” was the only word I had the energy to push past my lips.
Rising to stand at my bedside he chuckled, “Mama warned to go slow with you.”
I heard the click of the lamp switch and the room went dark. Dino raised my hand to his lips and placed a tender kiss in my palm. Before he released his grasp I took advantage of the moment and moved my hand to cup his face in a gesture of my gratitude.
After I heard the front door shut I walked on Gumby legs to lock the deadbolt. I leaned against the door and whispered into the air, “You went slow Dino. Deliciously slow.”
Chapter 5

The snooze button suffered my assault several times before I finally woke. Having missed my morning run I decided to spend twenty minutes doing yoga on the beach.
The scenery and exertion provided a feeble reprieve from my thoughts of Dino and his magic fingers. Special talent was required to take a woman to orgasm, and then proceed to wring out said orgasm, dry. Dino was a master, and last night I was his easy servant. I cringed at the thought of my begging like a sex depraved porn star. Easy, indeed.
Without doubt, Dino could fulfill my sexual desires, but would he fall short with my emotional needs? I wanted more from a relationship than great orgasms and charm. And I certainly didn’t want a third party negotiating any aspect of my life. Dino’s mother would only gain strength from carrying around that colossal cross on her back.
My car was safely parked in my garage by Dominic. Before hitting the road, I checked my daily calendar and messages on the console screen.
Scrolling through my texts, admittedly, my heart leapt when I spotted a message from Dino. I didn’t even know how he had my contact information.

Vous êtes les bienvenus. Tell me Doll...Why r we still using the formal pronoun?

Some damn online translator increased Dino’s charm factor to help him offer a belated ‘you’re welcome,’ to accompany my post orgasm ‘thank you,’ last night.
I teetered on the verge of responding, but decided to start the day with some restraint. I opened Johnny’s text to distract from the temptation.

Get your sweet ass here. U need a Johnny confessional cuz forgive me Father, I no u have sinned :0

Johnny was like a hyper family dog, wagging his tail and peeing himself over the excitement of my arrival. “Tell me that Greek God was out-of-this-world.”
I passed him without acknowledgement, “Johnny, we need to work on your professionalism.”
“It’s just the two of us Doll,” he said sarcastically. “Don’t try to hide behind some professional mumbo-jumbo. You’re not even wearing a suit.” He looked me over, “And that outfit was put together to impress.” His forefinger and thumb flicked the rim of my raffia fedora.
Anticipating my day engrossed with piercings and tattoos, I decided to forgo my business attire. I chose to wear a pair of skinny jeans, my favorite Helmut Lang knee high boots, a tight black t-shirt, and a cropped corduroy jacket with faux fur lining. Originally, the hat was meant to cover a bad hair day, but I worked the style with a loose French braid falling down my back. Several carefully placed tendrils were staged to look as though they were escaping the brim.
“Spill Dr. Boucher, the monsignor is waiting to absolve you from all your sins.” He blessed the air between us.
“Mocking clergy will get you a one-way ticket to hell.” I shuffled a stack of papers to draw out his torture.
“Docteur, I will face hell to hear about the Greek God.”
“Très bien, fetch me a cappuccino. I’ll make some calls and then we will have our girl talk.”
He leapt with joy and headed toward the door, “I knew you kept me around for more than my brains.”
I hollered into his wake, “It’s certainly not because of your professionalism.”
The morning was uneventful except for the hour I downloaded Johnny on the juice about Dino. I told him that Dino played my body the way Pascal Rogé delights an audience with every key stroke. Then I had to explain who Pascal Rogé was.
No matter how desirable Dino was, I couldn’t shake my innate fear that a relationship with him would end with disappointment.
Johnny fervently disagreed with my decision to ease away from Dino. “That look on his face is the forever look,” he argued, “I think you should give him a chance rather than assume he will not support you.”
I continued to tick off the list of reasons for my decision. Dino’s blatant cover-up about my career was the top offender. Not to mention the many Oedipus complexes’ I had already witnessed. My resolve was solidified. Dino was indeed an enjoyable distraction, but not relationship material.
Later in the day, as I sat in my car behind the barbershop, I could hear Johnny’s attempts to get through to me. “Don’t think I am going to sit here and allow you to rationalize a Freudian theory,” he argued, “Freud was a fuck and you know it.” Rubbing his eyes in frustration he focused and included, “One of the many things that make you an amazing therapist is that you do not label your patients and ask them to crawl out of predefined boxes. Don’t do it to the people in your personal life.”
‘The people in my personal life.’ The realization that I did not have a personal life sank like a lead ball in a murky pond, never to be found again. Building my career had been my singular focus since my parents died over fourteen years ago. Sure, I had Jean, Johnny, and a few acquaintances, but nothing resembling the camaraderie between the FF, Nicole, and the clan at Spinelli’s.
Instead of entering Melrose Avenue through the barbershop, I walked until I found a break in the alley. I crossed the street to grab a coffee to bring with me to Melrose Tattoos & Piercings. Nia was busy making drinks and a cute blonde took my order. She looked like she was trying to figure something out about me.
“Are you the sex doctor writing the article?” she asked shyly. Her question took the attention of Nia.
“Yes I am. Do we know each other?” I asked curiously.
“No, I’ve just heard about you.” Her smile was meek, but endearing.
I sat at an empty table and checked my emails until I heard, “Double, extra dry, cappuccino.” Nia’s chilling tone reeked of foul play, maybe a slip of a roofie to lock me in a supply room all day? She wasn’t the first person in my life consumed by the green monster.
I wanted to avoid eye contact but failed when I noticed a beautiful, stout, hourglass mug decorated with a design of pansies. A large dollop of frothy milk heaped over the rim.
Nia huffed and stomped away. The long tail of jealousy could conjure wretchedness, that’s for damn sure.
The handle fit perfectly through my fingers and I lifted the mug to check the brand of china when the words written in indelible ink took my breath away…

Marry Me?

I placed my new favorite mug on an empty table to send a text. Impersonal, when I could walk across the street and respond in person, but I needed to maintain some distance until my head was clear.

No.

I pushed send and remembered my manners.

Thank you for the thoughtful gift.

~   ~   ~

“Even fully covered from head to toe, you are still the sexiest woman around.” I wasn’t in the tattoo shop for a full fifteen minutes before Dino’s posse came after me.
“Good afternoon to you too James,” I tipped my hat.
My legs were crossed and James pinched the top edge of my boot and continued molesting me with compliments. “Tomorrow’s fantasy will definitely include these boots and that hat.” He moved his fingers to tip the brim to get a better look into my eyes.
“Am I off fantasy duty tonight?” I feigned feeling shocked and offended.
“No Doc. Tonight’s fantasy includes a guitar and nothing else.” He smiled and plopped down on an empty chair next to me.
“Do you think I will be clothed in any of the fantasies?”
“No,” his whole face scrunched up from the absurdity. “Although, I’ve always had a thing for nuns. You wouldn’t happen to have a habit? I’d leave that on; we could hike it up over your head and do the nasty in the abbey.”
I was dumbfounded into silence.
He hit me in the arm, proud that he remembered one last crime to ensure he’d draw the card to pass purgatory for free, and head straight to hell, “You could sing that song…These Are a Few of My Favorite Things.”
“James, you just destroyed my favorite musical,” I said repugnantly.
Nicole rolled her eyes and sat in the chair flanking my other side. “You were amazing last night.” I began feeling like an inquisition was coming. Nicole must have been sent with James to keep him on task and in line.
“Thank you.” I waited.
“Um…you don’t have to tell us anything, but we thought you should know Dino is crawling out of his skin wondering why you didn’t come see him.” She sounded concerned.
“What did he tell you?” I hoped not much.
James pulled his chair away from the wall and straddled the back to face me. “Only that he had a great time and he was looking forward to seeing you.”
Nicole shrugged her shoulders, “Dino’s words exactly. We don’t know the details; only that our boy is stressed.” I had no right to feel undeniably jealous of their support for Dino.
They got up, chatted with a few of the guys in the shop and left. At the door, James stopped and asked, “Will you come to Spinelli’s on Friday night? There is a great band covering old rock n’ roll songs.” He snickered, “You’ll love them.”
A casual night out with the FF would be good and if I had one drink I would not need to be chauffeured home. “I have my radio show on Friday night. I can come when I’m done.”
Nicole leaned around the door frame and popped her head back in, “Bring your guitar.” She smiled like she was planning a sneak attack. “The band members are close friends of ours…,” smirk, giggle, “and they may let you play something.”
She walked away but then abruptly reentered like she forgot something, “Love the hat,” she called out and disappeared.
Was that what life would be like if I had more friends than just Johnny; unconditional support and praise? Or was this group unusually free flowing with love?
“They are a wonderful group,” Monica’s comment pulled my thoughts back to the wide array of tattoo designs I was perusing before James and Nicole interrupted.
Chuck and Monica, the husband and wife team had been tattooing and piercing in Los Angeles for fifteen years. Chuck claimed he had tattooed every inch of the human body. When I flipped through his private tattoo reference book, I was surprised to see genital tattoos were more popular than one would think. And all I had to say to the idea of genital tattoos was, “ouch.”
Monica also shared her piercing library to show off her unique art form. We spoke in depth about the many different types of piercings she had performed. She offered interesting information about the pleasures sought with genital piercings. Unbeknownst to me, genital piercings dated back to the Kama Sutra. Additionally, some cultures included penile piercings as rite of passage rituals. After viewing the placement of the jewelry, it was obvious how the different piercings could provide added stimulation for men and women.
Part of my day was spent distracting a L.A. police officer while he got the second installment of a huge tattoo inked down his groin and inner right thigh. He had a paper sheath to cover his parts, much like the paper blanket women got to cover their naked bodies just before the gynecologist violated her lady bits.
“Doc. I think you need to step away for a while. Jacob here seems to be having a little trouble with your hot self in his space.” Chuck gestured to the tent forming out of paper.
Chuck’s comment threw me off guard and I blushed.
I enjoyed my afternoon with Chuck and Monica discussing tattoo and piercing trends and the lure of the personal and sometimes intimate declarations of individuality. But my mind continuously wandered next door. My heart pushed me toward Dino and my reasoning pulled me away. The push was far more influential and I knew talking it out was needed. Honesty may help Dino understand my perspective and we could resume our weightless amity.
After thanking Chuck and Monica, I headed to the barbershop to speak with Dino.

~   ~   ~

“There she is,” BB announced rather spuriously and he gave me a stiff hug. A placid BB playing the delusional parent, pretending everything was dandy, proved Dino upset the FF’s balance with his miserable mood.
While I had BB in my grasp I took the opportunity to tell him something, “I have read over two dozen testimonials that claimed a Prince Albert or an Apadravya hurts less than nipple piercings.” The Prince Albert was a standard penile piercing through the urethra at the tip of the penis. The Apadravya extended completely through the urethra; it’s a two-for, a Prince Albert at the bottom and another piercing at the top. Oh Joy! I wondered what piercing James had. It would be fun to ask and watch him fall over the edge.
He smiled and hugged me into his side, “James and Nicole told us you looked hot today.” He patted me on the back in a playful, thank-you-for-the-information, way.
“Spending time with this crowd is making my head big.” I squeezed my noggin like it was going to explode.
“The only head getting big…” James began.
I put up a palm mimicking a Supreme singing Stop! In The Name Of Love, “Filter James.” I admonished. Everyone laughed. Well, except Dino.
 “My mom fell in love with you. I got a bit jealous,” Marcus teased.
I made my way over and gave him a hug, “Don’t be jealous. She clearly has enough love to go around.”
Marcus smiled and looked at Dino with a concerned expression. It was honorable how much this group looked out for each other.
Dino was busy with a customer, “May I talk with you when you get a chance?”
He nodded and went back to his work. “I want to say hello to Desiree and then I will be waiting at one of the benches outside.”
Some unwarranted calories would not improve my worried mood, but I grabbed two ropes of black licorice and a root beer anyways.
I had been thinking about an idea to discuss with Desiree. My Thursday night group therapy was designed to help patients talk in the open about some of their sexual propensities. I encouraged them to find safe and consenting ways to indulge in their unique kinks. Some of my patients have hidden their desires from spouses or significant others, which has led to unfulfilled sex lives. Admitting their personal needs and becoming accustomed to discussing their desires was an important step toward sexual fulfillment. I thought Desiree could discuss her path to enlightenment.
Too bad I was not practicing my advice and telling Dino exactly what I needed from him.

~   ~   ~

When I left Desiree, Dino was waiting for me and diverting his attention to his bottle of water. The silent treatment, I deserved it. “Sorry if you have been waiting long.” He didn’t respond but shifted to make room on the bench.
He was not going to make this easy on me. “I also apologize for avoiding you today.”
If the strain between us was not awkward enough, a young lady, and the term lady was a stretch, walked up to Dino and asked, “You wanna hang out tonight?” She had the audacity to lean her plastic F’s or G’s toward his face to assist with his answer.
“I’m talking with a friend and your timing couldn’t be worse.”
Yowza that answer nearly pierced her silicon sacks, but she didn’t budge. The hint to skedaddle went over her head. She didn’t look like she could recite the alphabet as high as her bra size.
“Amanda, my answer is no,” Dino caught on that straight to the point would get better results with Ms. Tits for Brains.
Her shocked expression had me thinking her boobs did not hear the word ‘no’ often. She stormed away and left us to deal with our mounting tension.
Dino placed his elbows on his knees and leaned over. He stretched his fingers and seemed to be working some tension out of his hands. It dawned on me that his hands probably cramped up from repetitive motion throughout the day. Moments passed while I watched his arm muscles flex with each movement. I also took the time to get a better look at his tattoo. The tattoo was not a full, decorative sleeve like I originally thought. Instead, one intricate design of an old sailing ship traveled up his arm. His damn t-shirt was obstructing the full view.
I waited, but felt the urge to fill the silence until he was ready to talk. “I don’t want you to think I am sarcastic with the question I am about to ask. Think of it as a curious need for research.” I paused, “How do fake breasts feel?”
The semblance of a smile surfaced at the corner of his mouth. “Like a disgrace to a remarkable body part,” he replied.
“Do you think if you called her back she would let me feel for myself? Purely for research purposes,” I added with a faux-serious tone. In all honesty, I was curious as hell.
“Don’t take offense or read anything into my answer,” he suggested, twisting my words.
Was he loco? Untangling words and emotions was what I did for a living.
I nodded.
“I think she would do anything I asked from her,” his head shook with disgust.
“I’m sorry I hurt your feelings,” I attempted conversation since the silence game was over.
“Last night was incredible. Even with the serious case of blue balls. And the whole mug thing…I felt like you just threw it in my face.” A genuine set of hurt eyes turned to me.
Wow, a man able to voice his feelings. Dino was a refreshing anomaly. I suddenly had some acute form of communication fright, like I was wide awake, but I could not speak or see clearly. The daylight around me was torn into fragments of light and my mind was working desperately to collect the pieces to form images. Floating through the images were the FF’s comments, Mama Spinelli’s warnings about Dino’s mom, and my disappointment from Dino sugar coating my career to his mother. I felt the burn from my previous failed relationships. Yet, I also had a lingering taste from his kiss and the heartfelt sentiment of his sweet gestures. The dichotomy of my thoughts about Dino overwhelmed me.
“Your silence is killing me,” he ran his fingers through his hair in frustration.
Mostly, I could hear Johnny encouraging me to give the people in my personal life a chance. “Do you remember the things I said I wanted in a man last night?”
“Clearly.”
“One item on that list is more a need than a want. Too many aspects of my life would set you up to fail that integral need.” The frown on his face and another slide of his fingers through his hair told me he understood.
“It was kind of you to deflect my issues as something wrong with you. More likely, I’m too influenced by my mother and my religious community to make my own choices.” Leaning over he rested his head in his hands. “I’ve heard the term enough to know when I am being called a mama’s boy, even if it’s delivered in a backhanded way.”
“Don’t project your issues on me. I would never label you as anything but a remarkable man.” Head still in hands, he was not looking at me. “You have every right to live life the way you see fit,” I lectured. “Often I think about having you inside me, but sex is the path and love is life’s prize. Traveling a path leading to love is where I am in my life.” I started discussing sex so of course he caught my gaze, “Too many things about me cannot fit in your life.” I shut my eyes to seal in the regret.
“You can’t possibly deny the chemistry between us,” his counter attack was strong.
I shook my head, our attraction was undeniable. “Our sexual chemistry is something that could be psychoanalyzed for a thousand years and never explained.”
Dino took my hand, “At least give me a chance to explain some things to you?” He traced figure eights on the flesh between my thumb and forefinger. “Have dinner with me tonight?”
“Je ne suis pas sûr.” I shook my head, “Sorry, sometimes French slips off my tongue when I am nervous.” Or worried, tongue-tied, scared, turned on…
“It also slips after you orgasm.” And there was that undeniable fact too.
Always a gentleman, Dino stood and offered his hand to help me up. Although he placed me up against the front of his body, so manners may have had nothing to do with the politeness. He smelled like hair gel and the unrefined scent of a man. My attempt to memorize his aroma was thwarted by the new sensation that commenced from his kiss. Yum, he tasted like black licorice. My inability to concentrate was a prevalent character flaw in Dino’s presence.
“You taste like Ouzo.”
His correlation was better. I wanted to shout OPA!
“Can I have your keys?” That question came out of nowhere.
“Why?”
“The restaurant is in Manhattan Beach. I would like to make this an official date and drive you.”
“But I didn’t give you an answer to your dinner proposal.”
“Yes you did. I translated your sexy French into, ‘Yes Dino, I’d love to have dinner with you,’” a sardonic grin threatened to make an appearance on his treasonous lips.
“You did?” I crossed my arms in a playful sign of protest. No way in hell was I going to say no. Dino’s charm was witchcraft.
“Yes I did. Keys?” He held out his hand.
“You are going to have Dominic take my car home?”
“Dominic is busy tonight but I will find someone else I trust.”
I could not believe I was considering handing over my keys, again. “You are letting every Tom, Dick, and Harry drive my car,” I scolded.
He laughed, “No Doll, just Dominic and maybe tonight Leo.”
Leo? And as though I joined some brainwashing cult, I placed my keys in Dino’s open palm.
Dino was pleased, “Is six okay?”
My phone chimed. I looked quickly to spot a text from Desiree.

Need any toys 4 2nite, Doc?

I squinted to see through the glare of the window and Desiree waved. I smiled, “Yes sex…I mean six will be good.”
My slip of the tongue humored Dino. It did not take a mastermind to figure out exactly where my thoughts were straying. In the gutter, and that was not where I told them to go when I woke this morning. Damn, fucking, Dino-magic.
Chapter 6

“Oh no. Go get my keys back from Tom, Dick, Harry or whomever you doled them out to.” While the order spilled from my mouth, Dino was fastening a thick leather jacket on me. And fasten was a telling verb because the damn jacket had so many zippers and buckles that I convinced myself dinner would be served on paper plates at an insane asylum.
“I am not getting on that thing. I was taught never to get on a motorcycle with some guy.” I was protesting, but a helmet landed on my head and my hat was, not so gingerly, shoved into my messenger bag.
“Well good, because I am not just some guy, and this,” he gestured to the Harley, “is hardly considered a motorcycle.” His face scrunched up as though the word motorcycle smelled like a fishy, low tide.
“It is open air, two wheels, and missing seat belts. It’s either a ten speed or a motorcycle.” He feigned shock like I poured his goldfish onto the sidewalk.
And he ignored me.
“I’ll get on first. You will swing your leg over the bike and put your feet on these pegs.” He pointed to two shiny metal claws jetting out. “Be careful not to lean up against this after we’ve been riding for a while,” he touched a chrome tube thingy. “I wouldn’t want anything to happen to those boots,” he grinned wickedly.
With extreme audacity, he put on a helmet and leather jacket. His pièce de résistance was the sight of his leg swinging over the Harley and his hand out to assist me. My eyes scanned his body from the top of his helmet to his boots on the pavement balancing the two-wheel death trap. The danger involved was secondary to my demise at the sight of him straddling that fucking motorcycle. My body went into motion. Dino was the cult leader, and I, a mere minion.
“Wrap those pretty arms around me, lean with my body, and keep your sexy boots planted on the pegs.” I didn’t have to be told twice. I reached around his body and settled my arms around his lower abs. When he started the engine my body jolted like a vibrator in my panties switched on with a remote control.
The ride was exhilarating. Admittedly, I shut my eyes a few times when I saw my life flashing before me, but having my arms around Dino seemed to curb most of my worries. I felt his body shake with laughter each time I let out a scream and buried my face between his shoulders.
At a stop light, Dino chuckled and asked, “You okay back there?”
“Don’t act innocent. You know full well about my predicament back here.” In fact, he probably planned for my arousal. This damn motorcycle vibrated like a rickety old roller coaster. “Hey, by the way, where are we going?” We were close to my house.
“Your house to put your car away. Then dinner.” The light turned green and our conversation faded under the engine’s howl.
Dino was a sneaky son-of-a-bitch.
A young, good looking man was leaning against my car when we pulled up to my house. He stepped toward us and offered his hand to help me balance while I dismounted the thrill-mobile.
“Thanks Leo,” Dino said.
“Yes, thank you Leo,” I smiled.
“No problem,” he said in an aw-shucks sort of way.
Dino pulled Leo away with his arm over the young man’s shoulder. I watched Dino with Leo from my porch. He handed him some money and gave him a contemptuous warning with a firm look and a wave of his index finger.
Dino watched Leo walk away and then he bounded up to my porch, “Is a casual dinner okay with you?”
“Yes, where are we going?” I hoped I would not have to spend too much more time on the moving orgasm factory.
“There’s a little Mexican restaurant about a half a mile down the beach. Are you up for a walk?” There was that feeling again like when he held out his hand to coax me onto his bike. I was beginning to think I would jump into a raging river to be with him.
“Sure.” I reached to unlock my door, “Let’s put the helmets inside.”
Dino extended and dropped our helmets inside the door keeping our proximity very personal.
“Close your eyes,” he murmured.
I complied with immense anticipation.
He reached around my back and tugged the band out of my braid. His gentle fingers brushed through my hair to release the braid and smooth the windblown strands. My eyes were rolling behind my eyelids.
Sensing my desire, he firmed his grip and massaged tiny, firm circles against my scalp. A sigh, sounding deceptively like a moan, escaped my mouth. Without warrant, my pelvis rested against his body and the weight of my head fell into his strong hands. The hard wedge of male arousal aligned with my lower abdomen was proof of Dino’s reciprocated enjoyment.
I attempted to sound sober although I was drunk with desire, “You should behave.”
“I hear your words Doll, but I can see your true wishes.” He was correct. My body was in complete contradiction with my logic.
“Pops and Rose taught me to provide sustenance whenever I offered a dinner date to a woman,” he said through multiple pecks on my lips then swatted my ass and led us toward the beach.
I knew my hair looked dreadful after a day in a braid, a hat, and then a helmet. Kinky wisps were falling around my face and tangling from the wind. But Dino had a way of making me feel like the most beautiful woman in the world.
We walked holding hands and discussed the basic getting-to-know-each-other topics. Dino lived in Los Angeles his entire life. The members of the FF met in ninth grade and they have been friends ever since. They went to UCLA together but pursued different degrees. Dino got a bachelor’s degree in computer science.
“You are a techie?” I teased, but was actually very impressed.
“I guess so,” he smiled proudly. “We are here.”
The sign above the restaurant read Carlos’ Baja Style. Large shutter windows were open to the boardwalk and a row of beach cruisers occupied a bike rack to the side of the entrance. I have run by here a hundred times but never paid enough attention to notice the quaint tranquility of the casual restaurant. Life was literally passing me by.
A man with a thick accent greeted Dino at the door. “Hey man, you brought a lady with you tonight.”
“Carlos, this is Claudette,” Dino smiled with satisfaction.
Carlos ushered us to a table by the open window. “How could a pretty and smart looking woman like you agree to have dinner with this sorry gringo?” Carlos hit Dino on the back.
“Carlos, everything you see here tonight is against my free will. He put me in this straight jacket and dragged me here.” I was attempting to unfasten the numerous buckles. With my wild hair, I probably looked like an escapee from a local rubber room.
Dino pushed Carlos out from between us to help me escape the leather bindings. “Want your usual…you lucky S.O.B.”
“Yes,” Dino said still enthralled with unfastening my jacket. “But we need to let the lady see the menu.”
“What’s your usual?” I asked.
“A shot of tequila, a Bohemia, and fish tacos with rice and cabbage salad,” he said while pulling my chair out for me to sit.
“Sounds wonderful,” I smiled up at Carlos.
“No problem, I’ll send Carla out with your drinks. She’s not going to be happy to see you with a companion,” Carlos teased and walked toward the bar.
Dino looked across the table to explain, “Carlos’ father was one of Pop’s customers. I‘ve been coming here for years and you could say, um, Carlos’ daughter has a bit of a crush on me.” A blush flushed over his olive skin.
“I’m sure many young ladies have a crush on you. Even old ladies like me are smitten.” I smiled and revealed one of my many concerns about a relationship with Dino. I was only five and a half years older than Dino, which was not a great gap unless a Greek mama was in tow ticking off your remaining child bearing years.
“You cannot be concerned with our age difference,” Dino stated with surprise that I could be bothered by my age. “I don’t know how old you are, but unless you have an incredible plastic surgeon you can’t be much older than me.” He reached across the table to rub the area between my brows, “Though your face does seem a little stuck.”
“Well, well, well, Dino, since when do you come here with a date?” The waitress asked and placed our drinks on the table, accompanied with a salt shaker and a ramekin of limes.
“My date’s name is Claudette and I’m sure your dad already warned you to be polite,” Dino reprimanded.
She huffed away. That must have been Carla.
“Start with the shot?” Dino asked, pushing the tequila toward me.
I nodded and grabbed the salt, but Dino stopped me. He took my hand and half exiting his chair, he leaned across the table, licked the skin above my thumb and sprinkled salt over the wetness.
He sat back down and I watched the instant replay while he prepared his salt. With complete command of his sexual allure, he dangled his intentions on a string and hypnotized me.
“Here’s to cheating, stealing, fighting, and if you drink, may you drink with me,” I licked my salt, poured the shot down my throat, and sucked on a wedge of lime. Dino followed.
“Cheat, Steal, Fight…I don’t think I’ve heard that one.”
“My brother shortened it from cheat death, steal a woman’s heart, and fight for a brother,” I placed a piece of lime in Dino’s beer.
“I liked the part about drinking with you,” he squeezed a lime in my beer.
I expected someone to walk by and say, “Aw, look at the cute couple preparing each other’s beers.”
“Please Claudette, let’s go back to our conversation about age.” I think that was his polite way of asking how old I was.
“Look Dino,” I said more to focus my wandering mind than his. “Age differences usually never play a role in my decision to date someone. And our age difference is nothing. But you are close to your mother and pleasing her seems to be very important to you. I am a thirty-four year old woman married to my career. I bet your mother would love to have some Pantopoulos grandbabies very soon.”
Dino cut me off, “My God Claudette. I want to date, get to know each other, not have babies.” His flabbergasted expression softened and he asked, “Just out of curiosity, do you want to have kids someday?”
Jeez, this was turning into inappropriate date conversation. “Yes. No. Maybe. The thought of children isn’t on my horizon until I’m at least forty. I want to build my practice and work through some issues before I have kids.”
Carla slipped into our space and placed our dinners on the table. “Can I get you anything else?” Her question was directed pointedly at Dino.
“No thanks Carla. I’ll holler if we need anything.”
A slight tension sat between us while we began eating our dinner. The tacos were delicious I devoured one a little too quickly. I looked up to find Dino humored by my depraved display of hunger.
“I love to watch you eat. Most women eat like birds, but you really dive in.”
“Are you calling me a pig with no table manners?”
“No, just the opposite. You have a drop dead gorgeous body, and for once, I’m enjoying watching a woman take pleasure in food.” He took such a big bite, nearly half his taco disappeared into his mouth. He chewed slowly and added, “Your gleaming blue eyes, kissable lips, and hair I want to wrap around my wrists are added bonuses to entice my stalker tendencies.”
“May I go back to my earlier comment about your mother?” I asked, still flustered over his compliments.
Dino nodded, a little too pleased with himself for flustering me.
“This may be a stereotype, but I assume if we dated your mother would calculate my childbearing years, measure my hips, and perform some crazy Greek necromancy with my ovaries.”
Dino laughed, “She probably would. I think. It depends on the definition of necromancy?”
“Magic, voodoo, sorcery…”
He replied through laughter, “Then yes, she definitely would.”
“Most likely though, she would relentlessly use my career against us.” I cringed, wondering how Dino would accept my statement.
He had a sorrowful look, “No doubt she would,” he admitted. “We could ignore her and ask her to mind her own business.”
“That is the problem Dino. I don’t think you are ready to stand up to her.” I wanted to ask why, but he should tell me only if willing.
He finished off his second taco and then asked, “What else is bothering you?”
A year of solitude and hurt had me prepped to answer that loaded question. “My last serious relationship lasted almost two years. He would refer to me as a psychologist, group therapist, or charitable doctor helping women at the shelters. Avoidance was going well until I was introduced to a lawyer at a rival firm who happened to be a patient of mine. With the confidentiality clause, our secret was safe, until the man’s wife decided the best way to get the most out of a divorce was to out her soon to be ex-husband’s sexual proclivities. In the process, she told everyone in our social circle that my specialty was to help patients navigate the world of BDSM. The final straw that broke our relationship was when I accepted the radio show.”
Dino reached to grab my hand. “Did you love him?”
“I know now that I didn’t, but at the time I wasn’t so sure. Regardless, breaking up and being rejected hurt.” I stared at our joined hands.
“He was a fool to reject you.”
His hypocritical comment surprised me, “Are you so sure that you would be comfortable at the Greek Festival with all the old ladies whispering, there’s Dino with that sex therapist? Or worse, did you hear what she said during her radio show?”
Dino’s eyes lowered and I continued, “Let me tell you how I would react. I would march up to them and put them in their place with my weapon of choice, words.” I was on a roll and could not stop. “I have watched couples have sex. I am comfortable giving men the necessary tools to help overcome the fear of blow-jobs. I talk openly about sex. I help rape victims overcome the fear of intimacy. I do not discriminate about anything as long as the sexual acts are safe and between two consenting adults. I am comfortable in my skin and I do not need a man to support me financially.”
Dino ended my tirade, “I would guess that your independence has been a problem with relationships in the past.”
I nodded and he squeezed my hand. “I am not offended by your career,” he said, “and though I may get jealous of you discussing intimate sexual details with other men, I would not hold my jealousy against you.” Shame flooded his eyes, “But facing my church community would be hard.”
That stung. I knew it to be true, yet hearing the words aloud hurt.
“Dino, we have talked a lot about me. Maybe you should tell me about your relationship with your mother?” I suggested and hoped he would comply.
“Again, you are gracious to avoid calling me a mama’s boy.” His hand slipped away to peel the label nervously off his beer bottle. “My entire life I watched my dad sleep around and treat my mother like shit. My mom pretended nothing out of the ordinary was happening. She dusted all implications of infidelity under the rug, and kept our skeletons tightly locked in a closet. As a family, we dressed up and attended church every Sunday, and we showed up to every Greek event with smiles plastered on our faces. My mother had an uncanny ability to take all the focus off her failing marriage and put it on me and my sisters. Our good looks and accomplishments were paraded through the Greek community like we were child pageant brats.” His face winced at the memory.
“I am the youngest. My sisters had an easier time with the charade. They are beautiful and intelligent. They could have had remarkable careers, but their focus had always been to marry Greek men and have a gaggle of kids. My sisters seem happy and they fell in love with good men. I am proud of their choices.” The love for his sisters shone in his eyes. “Maybe as women they were less affected by my dad’s escapades. Athena and Mary remained close to my father until he died.”
There it was. A flash of pain and regret. I was waiting for his emotions to surface and tell a parallel truth. “Dino, tell me about your relationship with your father.”
“At a young age I rebelled against my mother’s escapades.”
Interestingly, he was back to talking about his mother even when the posed question was pointedly about his father.
“I remember being angry at her for pretending my father was a good man.”
I was glad he summed up that emotion on his own.
Dino sat deep into his chair and crossed his arms over his chest. “During my early teens I hung out with a rough crowd. Before meeting Marcus, BB, and James I got into a lot of fights and I drank too much. We got in the habit of stopping at Mel’s to get root beer and licorice after school. Before long we depended on Mel and Rose’s affection and stability.”
If I wasn’t mistaken, tears formed in his eyes. “The rest is history,” he shrugged, all emotion turned off.
Still needing to hear about Dino’s father I risked asking one more time but with a twist. “Dino how was your relationship with your father when he died?”
“I had barely spoken or acknowledged him for four years before he died.” Severe guilt washed out the color in his face. He looked physically ill.
Walking the thin line of therapist and date, I decided to end my questioning. Dino’s issue was clear. He was trying to make up for the pain and guilt of his actions by succumbing to his mother’s wishes. His relationship with his mother had issues that delved far deeper than pampering. That fact activated a loud, pulsing, bright red light from my personal relationship radar.
Conversely, Dino’s indelible reaction to his guilt demonstrated sensitivity, love, and a desire to amend past wrongs. Those qualities made him more attractive and impossibly irresistible.
“Doc, I’m going to lighten the subject so that I have my Doll sitting at this table with me again.” His smile brought color and happiness back to his face.
“Are there really men in this world who don’t like blow-jobs?” The expression on his face looked like he just learned the Easter Bunny poops strawberry flavored jellybeans.
“Yes, they exist. Maybe their fear stems from sexual abuse or a bad experience with a woman. There are many reasons why people have issues and I provide a safe forum for my patients to explore and heal.” Whenever the term sex doctor was uttered, most people thought of a glamorous side of sex, not the ugly truth of how sex was sometimes used as a form of abuse.
The realization of the depth of my statement washed over Dino’s expression. “What type of exploration do you offer your patients?”
“My encounters with my patients are strictly professional.” I knew he wanted to know how intimate I got with my patients. “I do, however, talk freely about emotions and physical reactions. Sex can be very complicated and people like having someone they can speak openly with.”
Sensing he wasn’t satisfied I asked, “What else do you want to know? It’s best to get out all your questions.”
With trepidation he continued, “Tell me about your comment, ‘watching couples have sex.’”
This aspect of my career tended to collide with my relationships. “My research can be intense. I have been to BDSM clubs, voyeur hotels, and nudist colonies.”
“Do you participate?” Dino was shifting uncomfortably in his seat like he was ready to lock me away.
“I have never and would never participate in any research with a patient.” That was the first point I wanted to make clear. “I have been a single woman much of my adult life. If a sexual proposition interested me and I wasn’t in a committed relationship there was no harm in my participation. Though, my rule is no participation while working and I do consider research my work.”
Dino appeared unconvinced. “You have no right to any of my past sexual conquests just like I don’t have the right to yours. Every relationship has a beginning and sometimes an end. If we dated I would be faithful to you and I would expect for you to stop dallying in the fake breast pool.”
“Doll, having your breasts once has ruined me for diving into any other pool.” He dropped a stack of bills on the table and stood.
“May I walk you home?” He put out his hand and I accepted.
“It took some getting used to, but I like your open and honest approach to life. I feel like we got to know each other much better,” Dino said and waved to Carlos and slipped my arms back into the straight jacket, but he forwent the buckling.
We continued our conversation during our walk to my place.
“I believe we have a better understanding about our needs and the driving force behind our actions,” I implied.
“I know my mom’s perfect Greek breeding plan is not going to pan out and I’ve never met a woman worth making changes in my life for. Well, until you.” He stopped us at my front door. “I like you Claudette. You have consumed my every thought since we met. I want you to give me a chance.”
Dino wasn’t playing games. He was refreshingly sincere and honest. Though, I couldn’t end the nagging feeling that he was also delusional and naïve where his mother was concerned.
“Dino I want to show you something,” I paused to gather my thoughts. “I need you to promise when I am done, you…” my voice drew back, “will go home and allow me some time to think.”
He placed his hand on the back of my neck and I melted into his arms, “I promise.”
Taking his hand, I guided him to the living room. I backed up to the couch and stopped when the cushions hit the back of my knees. I knew what I wanted and I was going to succumb to my relenting desire to satisfy Dino.
Dino stared into my eyes with heightened curiosity. Wanting to get a better look at his tattoos, I lowered his jacket over his shoulders and slipped his arms out of the sleeves. The heavy leather fell to the floor with a thud.
“Doll?” Dino breathed. “What did you want to show me?” Anguish resonated in his voice.
Grabbing his t-shirt and lifting it over his head, I said, “My tongue against your cock.”
Every muscle in his body shuddered, “I won’t be able to avoid reciprocation.”
“You have to resist. You promised.” My tongue gliding down his chest muffled my words.
He started talking again and I placed my finger against his lips, “Shhh.”
I traced the tattoo on his left pectoral with my fingers. The words Honor, Cherish, Obey were holding together a broken cross. I ignored the religious implication and moved on to get a better look at the tattoo covering his right arm and shoulder. The design of the ancient ship wrapped around his arm, and the top of the sails and ship flags reached over his shoulder. The art was the best I had ever seen. The image of a beautiful goddess wrapped around the front of the ship at his forearm.
Dino was watching my fingers troll over his body. He was breathing deeply and his muscles twitched under my touch. The V leading beneath his jeans had me wanting to speed up like a greyhound spotting a rabbit. Instead, I lingered and traced his abdominals with my fingers. Maybe Dino was a Greek God because a body like that was not generally doled out to mere mortals.
I sat back on the couch and trailed my hands to his belt buckle and released the link. Dino’s legs shook and I placed his hands on my shoulders to offer some support. His cock was noticeably straining against his jeans.
“Doll? What are…,” I cut him off and silenced him with a scathing scowl.
Slowly, I unhooked the button of his jeans and dragged the zipper down. A smile settled on my lips when I spotted the pun sandwiched between two shamrocks, Lucky You on the inner flap. My appreciation for Lucky Jeans just increased.
I pulled the elastic of his boxer briefs over his jutting cock and lowered the material to release his hard-on. His manhood was a marvelous shade of brown and very thick. The taut skin covering the head was shiny and smooth. I licked my lips in anticipation of slipping my tongue over the soft skin. My sex clenched at the thought of Dino buried deep inside of me.
Wanting to get my fill of his smooth skin, I stretched my hands up to his chest and dragged my palms down his body, up under his scrotum and around his cock to the tip.
Dino exhaled, “Oh God, Claudette.” His grip on my shoulders tightened.
I moved in and inhaled the scent of his arousal. Dino must spend some time with Nicole because he was well groomed and I was glad to see his pubic hair short but intact. “You smell so good. Many men remove all their hair without realizing its purpose is to hold the odor of pheromones to kindle a woman’s hypothalamus and stimulate sexual behavior.”
“Doc, I’m dying here,” he reminded me.
Chuckling at his impatience, I remembered a similar play of torture rendered on my body last night.
I took hold of his shaft and moved the soft head over my lips like I was applying lipstick. Pre-cum oozed to the surface and his groans vibrated through his body when I licked the rim. My mouth wrapped tightly around his cock and I glided my tongue in smooth circles over the soft skin.
“I’m not going to survive this,” Dino warned.
I smiled around him and slid my teeth over his sensitive tip and before he could react to the sensation I took him deep in one swift thrust.
“Holy Fuck,” Dino cried and his hands grabbed onto my head. “No need to work too hard Doll, cuz I’m not gonna last.”
Swiftly, I drew back and he fell from my mouth with a pop. Dino was grasping my head through fists full of hair and I could sense his teetering restrain. To put him out of his misery, I bent further into his body and wedged my tongue under his scrotum. Very firmly, I licked over his sac and up the underside of his shaft. Once at the top, I plunged to the base with his tip hitting the back of my throat.
Dino cried out “fuuuck,” and I initiated a relentless pursuit to make him come, while I lavished every flavor and smell. Dino kept a strong grip on my head but never took control.
I felt the spasms of his impending ejaculation. “I’m coming Doll,” Dino cautioned. “I can pull out if you want.”
My head shook over his raging release. I was taking him, all of him. Dino’s superlatives of pure adulation cheered me on to finish with success.
When the first spurt of warm, salty fluid hit the back of my throat I swallowed and moved my lips back down to the base. I lightly clamped down to prolong his ejaculation. The depth allowed Dino to roll his hips and bump against the soft flesh at the back of my throat. The muscles in my throat massaged his release when I swallowed and caused his penis to jolt with sensation.
Our motion seized, but Dino stayed buried deep in my mouth. He seemed regretful to pull out, though he finally complied, “I. Love. Your. Mouth.” He plopped onto the couch like a wasted drunk and pulled me to rest in the nook of his arm.
Each kiss he placed on the top of my head was a show of gratitude. “Don’t answer this…where the hell did you learn to do that?” I was about to tell him a lot of research, but he stopped me, “Stanford must offer some classes that were not in the catalogue at UCLA.”
We sat together in contented silence. I loved having Dino’s arm around me and breathing in his scent. His fingers danced over my arm like he was strumming a tune. His head had fallen back, his eyes were shut, and a slight grin adorned face. Adonis.
“Are you alright? I would offer my couch but…” He cut me off.
“Alright doesn’t scratch the surface of how I feel. Don’t worry Doll. Neither of us needs to be faced with the temptation of being within the vicinity of each other tonight. I’ll be on my way after blood begins to pump to other vital organs.” He smiled into my hair and lingered to breathe in my smell.
My mind drifted and I was nearly in a dream state when I felt movement on the couch. Dino stood and tucked his goodies into his jeans.
While he put himself together, I fetched a glass of water.
We met at the door and he drank the water. “Thanks Doll,” he said with a telling grin and placed the glass on my side table and pulled me into his arms.
Tracing my lips with his thumb, he whispered, “Thanks for showing me that unforgettable sight.”
“Bien sûr,” I replied with my worst poker tells.
“Claudette. I need to walk out the door,” he warned and kissed me adoringly. “Mmmm, from Ouzo to the lingering taste of my cum. You are perfect.” Our foreheads met. “Don’t think too hard. But make your judgment knowing one clear fact; I want to see where this thing between us can go.”
A quick kiss to the top of my head and the door shutting behind him was our goodbye for the night. In a daze, I moved around my house to turn off lights.
The unmistakable roar of Dino’s Harley occupied my senses as I stumbled to bed.
Chapter 7

My running shoes were the first thing I touched in the morning. The words yuck and damn filtered through my waking brain. Last night I dropped them in the middle of my duvet as a reminder to get my over-indulged ass out of bed. I’ve been known to sleep in my running gear, but last night I slept nude to entice thoughts of Dino touching my body.
Within minutes, I was out the door and hitting the sand. Thursday was my busiest and most tiring day of the week. I had a full day of patients and two group therapy sessions. Last night I told Dino we would not see each other until Friday night at Spinelli’s. At the time, the opportunity of a couple days to consider the possibility of a relationship seemed appropriate. Today, however, I ached to see Dino’s handsome face and have his arms wrapped firmly around my body.
I pushed through six miles and had to rush to prepare for work. While inhaling my Greek yogurt, walnuts, and fruit, a text arrived from Dino. How apropos?

Good morning Doll.

I sensed his smile reaching through the phone.

Good morning Dino.
Last nite on my mind.
Oh yeah. What part?
That thing u showed me cannot compare 2 the entire collection @ Louvre.
Well, I prefer the D’Orsay. U may too?
No Doll. I prefer u.
I’m reluctant. I wasn’t referring to the art of a good blow-job.
I know.

He replied tersely.
The awkward text silence followed with an uncomfortable pause.

What r u doing?
Eating my GREEK yogurt like a pig. Oink Oink
Can I watch? What r u wearing?

My laugh ricocheted through the kitchen.

I’m going now b4 u start sexting!!!
Have good day.
U too.

Time slipped away and I rushed like a whirlwind through my house and into my car. Traffic was on my side. Thank God, otherwise I would have had patients waiting outside an empty office. Johnny had classes on Thursday mornings so I was running solo for a few hours. I should hire someone part-time to fill in Johnny’s school schedule, but trust with my practice didn’t come easy for me.
I hurried through the door and switched on the computer and tablets at the front desk. I used the tablets as a communication device when something my patients needed to describe was too painful to sound out actual words. Sometimes patients felt more comfortable typing about embarrassing topics until they were relaxed enough to voice their issues. I knew some therapists turned their noses at allowing patients a way other than voice to communicate. I felt appropriate forms of communication included stories, drawings, and social media. My ultimate goal was to give patients the tools to communicate freely.
I opened my task manager and read through the notes Johnny left me. He called all my group therapy patients to inform them about the guest speaker I lined up. I wanted my patients to know about Desiree’s visit in case anyone would prefer to skip tonight. My gut feeling was that I would have very full and enlightening sessions.
The light above my office door illuminated signaling my first patients’ arrival. I have been seeing Blain and Jenna Reese for two months. They have spent the last two years dealing with infertility issues. Sex through infertility can be a trying beast. In the beginning, the sex was fun and spontaneous with afternoon quickies whenever the female was ovulating. The spontaneity quickly became daunting when couples were six months into scheduling sex around the calendar and reading on a thermometer. Couples then usually turned to medical strategies for fertility, which turned out to be anything but sexually stimulating or convenient.
Blaine and Jenna’s infertility issues were irreversible. They were mourning the death of the child they would never have, which had put a strain on their marriage. They sought marriage counseling with a colleague of mine and I was helping them through their issues with sex and intimacy. For years, their sex life had been about conceiving a child. They were now having trouble separating the function of sex from the pleasure.
“Why should we have sex if we cannot have a baby?” asked Jenna Reese rather flippantly.
“Sex is an important foundation of marriage. The act of sex can provide immense pleasure and release from daily stresses. Sex has health benefits. And mostly Jenna, it is a means for you and your husband to share intimacy and love.” I eased back into my chair to watch the interaction between the couple.
Blaine Reese appeared exasperated, like nothing I said would get through to his wife. Looking at them, I began to notice Jenna’s complete departure from the subject and Blaine’s increased frustration. “Blaine if you are not comfortable talking, you can use the tablet. Let me remind you, however, I will read your question or comment aloud.”
He shook his head, but not because he refused to use the tablet or was too afraid to communicate. He truly looked defeated. I made a note to contact their marriage counselor. I concluded with one suggestion that I hoped they would accept. I suggested they allow the opportunity to see each other naked. “Take a shower together, change clothes in the company of one another, or skinny dip in your pool. Remove sex from the equation unless the moment seizes. Just see each other, notice each other for the sexual beings you were and still are.”
The light above the door signaled the very early arrival of my next patient. After ushering the Reese’s through the patient private exit, I went to the lobby to tell my next patient I needed a few minutes to prepare. Instead, a courier was waiting impatiently with an envelope.
I signed for the service and tore open the sticky seal. It was a picture of my front porch. My initial reaction was that someone was stalking me, but at closer examination, I saw two beach cruisers chained to the handrail on my steps. One was sea-foam green with a basket covered in plastic daisies attached to the handle bars. The other bike was standard black with a white seat. A makeshift sign, taped on the railing read…

Marry Me?

How many times am I going to say no before the idea of yes creeps into my mind? And how the hell did Dino sense my longing over the bikes parked in front of Carlos’? I pulled out my phone to text my response.

How the? What the? When the?

His reply came immediately

Is that a Yes, cuz wasn’t a no?
R u fucking kidding me?
Watch your French. I NEVER kid bout fucking. So Yes?
No...

To answer my earlier question, a word beginning with Y momentarily crept into my thoughts.

Does my answer mean u gonna take 1 back?
No Doll. Not giving up.
Thank you. I love them.

Written on the front corner of the picture was the combination to the bike lock. I snapped a picture of the combination so I could put the bikes in my garage when I got home. I left the envelope next to the computer to catch Johnny’s attention when he arrived.
I was nearing the end of my next appointment when I noticed the light above my door flickering like the Morse code. Johnny had arrived and he found the picture.
The door to the patient exit shut and Johnny barged into my office like he was performing a SWAT operation.
“You said yes. Please tell me you said yes.” He stood in the middle of the office with his hands on his hips and his feet braced shoulder length apart.
“Oh please, Johnny. All you need are some go-go boots and a cape and you would look like Wonder Woman.” His wrath almost looked fierce.
“Doc, he bought you his and her beach cruisers and asked you to marry him,” he said shaking his head.
“He has asked me to marry him every day since we met.”
Johnny gasped and his hand flew up to his mouth. “Men don’t want to marry a hard ass bitch like you. Yet an Adonis is asking, and you say no?” The shrill in his voice would have dogs running in our direction at any moment.
“Be nice Johnny, bitchiness does not suit you.” I waved my finger in his direction.
“Just please tell me you are going to give Dino a chance?”
“Let’s talk this through. But be my therapist and not my friend. It will be good practice for you.” I gestured for him to join me in the therapy section of my office.
“I get plenty of practice with you and your fucked up life.” He teased and plopped in the chair where I would usually sit to conduct my sessions.
“All right Ms. Boucher, tell me what kind of crazy shit is flopping around in that blank space between your ears.” He circled his finger in the air like a tornado.
“Well Dr. Russell, I have met this wonderful man but he has a real bad case of guilt and pain that he is trying to ease through an inter-reliant and very unhealthy relationship with his mother.” I didn’t tell Johnny the specifics even though I trusted him with every confidence in my life.
Johnny posed like The Thinker. “You are a very strong and independent woman Ms. Boucher. Does his relationship with his mother threaten you?”
A gasp of shock shook my face, “Do you think I am so controlling that I sense his mother will be a challenge to my command?”
Johnny smiled knowing he struck a point. “I did not ask that Ms. Boucher. You did.”
“Oh My God Johnny,” I flabbergasted. “I was hurt by Don’s lack of support. I have been trying to control every aspect of my life to avoid experiencing that feeling again. I almost reek with narcissism over my career.” Realization was a bitch. “And my parents…And Clive…” Johnny cut me off.
“Let’s focus on Dino and we will cover your losses another day.” Had he an agenda for discussing my parents and Clive too?
“Your education I am funding is paying off.” Johnny’s dad refused to support his college education after he found out about his homosexuality. Stepping in to help was the best decision I had ever made. Johnny was my family in Los Angeles and without him, I’d be lost.
“Dino has every other important quality I desire. I wonder if he can stand up to his mother.”
“You will never know unless you give him a chance. But do yourself a favor and do not apply extremely stringent expectations to his means of gaining independence from a codependent relationship.” Pride over his assessment beamed like rays through my office. Witnessing self-pride coming out of Johnny was remarkable. He had struggled over his confidence ever since his father cut him off.
“I think you are correct. I should hold true to my main concern and that involves my career. All the other aspects of our involvement with his mother we can work through.” I got up and thanked Johnny with a gigantic hug. I am going to buy him the hottest pair of shoes when I go to Paris next month.
Thinking of Paris, I decided to call Jean. I told my brother about the FF, Mama Spinelli, the tattoo shop, Nicole, and Desiree. He listened intently for as long as he could survive a woman’s babble. Which coincidentally, was over twenty minutes.
After I hung up I got a real hankering to hear Dino’s voice. It dawned on me that I never gave the FF my mobile number or asked for Dino’s number. “Johnny,” I yelled. “Did you put the FF in my contacts and give them my number?”
“Yes, including Nicole, Mama Spinelli, Desiree, and Chuck and Monica.” Thorough was Johnny’s middle name. “You should practice dialing one of those numbers,” he not-so-sheepishly suggested.
I agreed with his suggestion and commanded Siri to dial Dino.
Dino answered after the first ring. “Hey Doll. This is a nice surprise.”
I was smiling like a schoolgirl getting asked to the prom. “Hello to you, too.”
“Can we meet for lunch?” I sensed his smile through his question.
“Sorry, I am booked throughout the day with patients and then I have my group sessions tonight.” It was a protein shake and piece of fruit day.
“The guys and Nicole all say hi. We are planning a huge listening party for your show tomorrow night. Everyone is looking forward to hearing you talk about sex.”
I laughed. “Tell James I will not have phone sex with him over the radio.”
Dino answered dryly, “I’m going to tell James he isn’t going to have phone sex with you ever.”
“Can I be honest with you about why I called?” The question was rhetorical because I knew he would say yes.
“Should I be worried, Doll?” Trepidation filled his voice.
“I just wanted to hear your voice,” I replied sweetly into the phone.
His voice skipped with excitement, “That is the nicest thing I’ve heard since your voice echoed through the microphone at Spinelli’s.”
After our conversation last night, I knew Dino’s charm was well practiced through years of being his mother’s puppet. Irrefutably, his charm was genuine with me.
The patient light lit and I had to say goodbye. “Dino I’m sorry my next patient is here. Thanks for that nice compliment.”
“Bye Doll, go be sexsational.” He hung up.
I daydreamed about Dino throughout the rest of the day. Several times Johnny had to snap his fingers to drag me from my happy place.
We were eating take out salads from California Pizza Kitchen when Leo arrived with a huge box.
“Leo!” Johnny kicked me under the desk for an introduction with the hot arrival. “Leo, this is my assistant Johnny, and Johnny this is Leo, a friend of Dino’s.”
“What did you bring?” I asked as Leo placed the box on the counter with a thump.
He was breathing heavily, “Enough root beer and licorice for this whole block. There’s a note explaining Dino’s madness.”
An idea struck. “Leo, how are you with computers?” Leo looked at me with surprise and Johnny knew immediately where my mind was going. Johnny nodded in agreement.
“I’m good with computers. Dino has taught me everything I know.”
“Would you consider working here part-time? We need help catching up on insurance claims and some data input.” Leo’s eyes lit up.
“Yes Dr. Boucher, I would love a job, but I go to school Mondays and Wednesdays in the morning.” He seemed disappointed that he may miss out on the opportunity.
“We don’t need a set time. Any schedule should be fine as long as you can contact insurance companies during business hours and open the office on Tuesdays and Thursdays.” He smiled. “I have one very strict policy.” I narrowed my eyes on him, “You have to exercise extreme caution with patient confidentiality.”
“No problem Dr. Boucher,” he conceded.
“Well good then, why don’t you call Johnny tomorrow and work out the details of salary, training, and schedule.” He nodded and began walking to the door. “Leo,” I called. “Thanks for the delivery.”
When Leo left I turned to Johnny and said, “This is turning out to be a productive day.” Our hands met in the air for a high-five.
The card in the box read…

Love thinking about you tasting like root beer and black licorice. There’s enough to share with your groups tonight. XOXO Dino.

~   ~   ~

Desiree’s presence at the meetings was a success. She arrived looking nothing like the Desiree I met at her shop. Instead of her dominatrix leather attire, she wore black slacks and a conservative blouse. I learned that Desiree was an accountant before she left her job to pursue her dream as a business owner. Interestingly, her long term submissive was a previous client of hers and a successful man. She said many people like to submit in order to strip away the stress of making decisions. Her submissive was aroused by having a beautiful woman over his control.
The group members asked many questions about acceptance among family and friends. “As you see, I don’t walk around in my play clothes. I am open about my lifestyle, but there is a place and time to share information. Some people in my life don’t need to know or understand my propensities. Only my fellow club members and the people close to me are privy to information about my personal life. Additionally, just like in any relationship, certain aspects of my sex life are personal, especially the very intimate details.” I was happy to hear her discuss the intimacy and strong commitment level of an alternative lifestyle relationship.
By popular demand, we concluded each session with a display of Desiree’s agility with a whip. The group members begged for Desiree’s return at future meetings.
By the time I made it home, I was exhausted. A glimpse at the beach cruisers tethered to my front porch jilted me with enough energy to secure the bikes in my garage. Once the garage door was shut, I fumbled into the bathroom to complete my nightly beauty regime.
As I prepared for bed the thought of Dino kept my mind occupied. Although we spent the day apart, his kind gestures had me feeling like his arms were wrapped around me throughout the day. I grabbed my phone and settled into bed.

Got busy and didn’t say thanks 4 root beer and licorice. Thank You.

A few moments passed and I anxiously opened the little envelope.

No Doll. I should thank you.
Me? 4what?
Leo.
Are you talking about my new employee? Should I have asked u first?
Yes ur new employee and no did not need 2 ask. Was nice thing u did.
I wasn’t nice. I’m an opportunist.
Your finger must have slipped. Must have meant to type u r beautiful, talented, sexy, kind, funny, generous, smart...not opportunist
LOL. What r u doing tomorrow around 1ish?
What u tell me 2 b doing.
Can u meet me 4 a couple hours?
I can meet u 4 rest of my life.
A few hours will b fine. I’ll text address. Bring some supplies 2 cut hair.
Hair? Now I’m curious.
Wait 2 see. Where r u right now?
At shop with the guys. You?
Bed.
What r u wearing?
Truth or sexy lie?
James wants sexy lie. I want truth.
Flannel PJ’s. Tell James nothing but glasses.
James needs 2 find his own girl.
Since when am I ur girl?
Since that elevator opened and u were waiting on the other side.
Such a charmer. Goodnite Romeo.
Sweet Dreams Doll.

I placed my running shoes on a towel in the middle of my bed, knowing I’d be grateful for the nudging reminder in the morning. Exhaustion had a strong hold on my willpower these days.
Chapter 8

I shortened my run to four miles and stretched an extra fifteen minutes watching the waves hit the shore. Thoughts of Dino filled every crevice of my mind. How did I ever think walking away from him was an option?
The fall back in bed when I got home was unavoidable. Exhaustion settled deep in my muscles.
A ping from an incoming text woke me.

Morning Doll.
Shit. Fell back 2 sleep after run. Soooo late.
Ummm. U sleepy must b good sight.
No time 4 ur charm Romeo. Gonna meet me @1?
Where? Wouldn’t miss it. Cuz miss u.
Oh Romeo, Romeo...Will have Johnny send address...Late...bye XOXO
I got hugs n kisses. Hope 4 more L8r. Bye.

An express shower wasn’t enough to burn through the fog in my sleepy head. Comfort and speed won out over my uniform suit and styled hair. I threw on a light Spanx bodysuit to keep jiggles to a minimum and a jersey shift dress with Prada ballet flats. My hair pulled back into a ponytail wasn’t going to win me any style awards today.
The garage door was opening when I remembered about meeting the FF at Spinelli’s to hear their friends play. Nicole implied that I would be invited to play too. Back tracking into the house I grabbed my guitar case and a canvas bag out of the hall closet. I threw a pair of jeans, t-shirt, jacket, and cowboy boots into the bag and dashed to the garage. The sight of the beach cruisers brought some calm to my morning. I envisioned riding the bikes with Dino to breakfast or to the farmer’s market.
Visibility from the morning coastal haze was impeding my ability to see over the hood of my car, but so was the fact that my contacts were still sitting on my bathroom counter. With one hand on the steering wheel I dug through my purse with my free hand. I pulled out my favorite pair of Oliver Goldsmith tortoise shell glasses. My tired eyes were prone to rejecting contacts so my glasses were a welcome addition to my thrown together garb.
A good traffic morning afforded a few extra minutes. A desperate need for coffee and food sidetracked my arrival at the office. I hit a few buttons on the steering wheel and the sound of a phone ringing filled the car.
“Does fucking an Adonis make you a Goddess?” asked Johnny.
“Johnny,” I said with a warning. “Have we changed the telephone greeting? What if it wasn’t me?”
“Doc, technology has made it possible for me to decipher the incoming calls. Isn’t your new guy a techie? Ask him to teach you?”
“We haven’t fucked and he isn’t my guy.”
“Details.”
“I just pulled up to Starbucks. What do you want?”
“The usual. Hold on a sec,” he was murmuring to someone. “Leo will have a tall mocha and a muffin.”
“Leo is there?”
“Yeah, he was waiting at the door when I walked up.” He lowered his voice, “He’s going to be great. Good call.”
Whoever invented the drive through Starbucks was a mastermind. And filling said drive through with wide awake, citizens of mercy, armed with red flashing headphones and quick reflexes, was a genius decision. The world righted itself the moment the smiling coffee boy reached through that sliding window and handed me my cappuccino. In case the barista was working with a hangover, because the Starbuck’s people are human, I asked, “Double, with an extra shot, and very dry, right?” He nodded and the light weight of the cup was evidence of the barista’s accuracy.
The rest of my morning was obscured by checking the clock with dire anticipation to see Dino at the shelter. My handful of sessions with patients was a small reprieve from my ongoing scrutiny of the slow moving minute hand. When noon finally approached I tossed a fifty on the reception desk for Johnny and Leo to buy lunch and rushed for the exit.
“Doc, don’t forget your four o’clock with Spencer Marks,” Johnny reminded.
“Coming to Spinelli’s?” I asked in a huff.
“Wouldn’t miss the show for anything. Besides, I want to see what you look like before you leave with the only man you are going to fuck for the rest of your life.”
“Johnny, filter.” I was embarrassed by his comment in Leo’s presence. I was also completely convinced that Johnny and James were accidentally separated at birth.
Leo quickly placated my mortification, “Doc, we are all rooting for you and Dino.”
I spent most Friday afternoons providing free therapy at the Los Angeles Battered Women and Children’s Shelter. The time I spend at the shelter was more rewarding than my practice and radio show combined.
“Hi Samantha,” I greeted the young woman at the front desk. “Someone will be meeting me today to offer haircuts for the kids and women. His name is Dino Pantopoulos. Will you take care of him when he arrives?”
“Sure thing Dr. Boucher. We are glad you’re here today. It’s been a rough week for some of the ladies.” Sorrow flashed behind her eyes.
A small office was reserved for me off the recreation room. The room, usually filled with activity, was eerily quiet. Approaching the office, I noticed a woman was slumped against the door waiting for me. My heart broke at the sight of her battered face, “Oh, God…Janice.” I wrapped my arms around her and she winced from the pain. “Where are the boys?” I asked hoping they were away from their dad.
“They are sleeping upstairs. It was a long night.” Her head hung in shame.
“Look at me Janice,” my voice commanded. “There is no dishonor in what happened to you. Only shame for that son-of-a-bitch.” I pulled her into the office and shut the door. For fifteen minutes, she cried through the sting from her salty tears burning the fresh cuts. Her husband found out her plans to divorce him and fight for full custody of their children. The fucking lawyer she hired was not discreet enough. Janice’s husband was a well-respected TV producer. My heart stopped when she informed me that she was considering going back to him because she feared losing a custody battle against him.
“Listen Janice,” I said trying desperately to keep my emotions in check. “I have a friend named Steve and he is an incredible and powerful lawyer. He has done pro bono for a few ladies here at the shelter.” Waiting for my suggestion to register I continued, “One call from me and he will help you. He doesn’t lose.” She was thinking about the offer. “I cannot tell you what to do. All your decisions need to be your own. However, I know you have the strength and fortitude to make a change.”
“Make the call,” she said.
We talked about taking all appropriate steps. To begin with, getting her to the doctor for a complete examination was necessary. Steve would help her file a restraining order and knowing him; probably hire a personal bodyguard to protect her and the boys. Finally, I asked Janice if I could talk to her boys today. I thought it was important to allow her kids to discuss their emotions associated with Janice’s brutal attack. “I’m not a child therapist, heck I don’t…”
Janice cut me off, “Claudette,” I do not ask anyone at the shelter to call me doctor, “You help us out of kindness and I’ve seen you work wonders with some of the women here. You give us great advice. I would be grateful if you’d talk with my boys about the trauma they experienced.” She got up and hugged me before she left.
“I will look for you after I hear from Steve.” I squeezed her hand, hoping to offer a shred of reassurance.
When we stepped out of the office I decided to go in search of Dino. My sign-up sheet was full and activity resumed in the recreation room. The kids greeted me with many hellos and schmaltzy hugs. I found Dino on the patio off the dining room cutting a little girl’s hair and her mother deliberately gawking.
“Doll,” Dino cheered when he spotted me. He raised me off my feet and nuzzled his face in my neck. “You take my breath away.” He held on tight and breathed in my scent, kissed the top of my head, and stroked my back. Unmistakably, Dino would crawl inside me if he could.
“Doll this is…”
“Amber, I know. Put your tongue back in your mouth Amber. Children are present.” I teased the young mother.
“You dove right in,” Dino played animatedly with Amber’s daughter. He was drop dead hot, wearing tan Dockers, a black Harley Davidson t-shirt, and black Converse sneakers.
“I need to make a call, but can you take five when you are done?” I would only have five minutes with the busy list of people waiting to talk with me.
He winked and said, “I’ll come find you in the office. Samantha showed me where it is.”
Dino was already knee deep in jokes with the group of kids waiting for haircuts. I had to call Steve and find the next person on my therapy list.
I was informing Janice to expect Steve when Dino appeared in the doorway. Janice hugged me and excused herself. Dino’s expression turned livid when he caught a glimpse of Janice’s face. “Fuck. How could a man do that to a woman?”
“You’d be surprised,” I answered with disgust.
Dino shut the door behind him and within two strides had me in his arms breathing me in like I was his tether to life. “You make me feel special,” I told him while getting a nice whiff of his goodness too.
“Claudette, you are so generous. How long have you been offering free therapy here?” He had maneuvered my body against the door and his hands were trailing my skin like a blind man reading Braille.
“For a few years. I find these women and children inspirational. Thank you for coming and sharing this part of my life with me.” His erection was pressing against my stomach. Without heels, I fit perfectly under his chin.
His lips dragged against my ear, “I want to share every aspect of your life.”
I believed him.
“Dino,” I tried to get his attention, but his soft lips had moved to my neck and he was pulsing against my body. He sunk lower and rubbed the tip of his tongue along my chest following the neckline of my dress. My core tightened, blood coursed to my clitoris, and I nearly forgot what I was saying. “I need to tell you something.”
“Okay Doll, but promise me you’ll stay close once you arrive at Mama’s tonight. I am a starving man,” he hummed and reluctantly pulled away.
Instead of releasing me, he pulled me onto his lap on the couch. I stared at his mouth wanting his lips on my skin. “Do you remember my patient I told you about? His wife used his therapy against him and shined my career under an ugly, glaring light?”
I kissed his neck while I waited for an answer and his hands trailed up my back, “Yes,” he said, “and shortly after, your ex used the whole scenario against you.”
He remembered.
“Well his name is Steve and he is a friend of mine. Sometimes he takes some pro bono cases here at the shelter. He’ll be here later today to speak with Janice, the woman with the battered face.” I don’t know why I felt the need to explain my relationship with Steve to Dino.
“Do I have reason to be jealous of him?” Dino’s lips pressed against mine.
“No.” He swallowed my answer.
“Will he help that woman?” His mouth moved across my jaw.
“He will nail the bastard,” I answered with complete confidence.
“Then I am glad he’s a friend and any friend of yours will hopefully be a friend of mine.”
I had to get off Dino’s lap before I locked the door and had my sweet way with his body. “I have many women to talk with today and I’m sure Amber spread the news about the delicious piece of man available to cut hair.”
Dino playfully pushed me off his lap, “Then get on the other side of the universe because there is no hiding my excitement in these pants.” The impiously sexy smile on his face had me wet and wanting to straddle him until next week.
“Can we have dinner before your radio show?”
“No, I’m sorry. I have to meet with Spencer Marks before the show.” I wished my day was not booked full.
Dino’s demeanor immediately changed, “I need to tell you something.” Oh God, nothing good ever followed that statement. My eyes narrowed.
“I know Spencer Marks. We move in some of the same circles. And…um… BB…well, you are bound to find out, BB belongs to one of Spencer’s BDSM clubs. BB’s some kind of master whip artist.” I could tell the conversation about BB was making Dino uncomfortable. “I wouldn’t be honest if I didn’t let you know that I don’t trust Spencer.” His voice was serious and unwavering.
“Yes. But you trust me, right?” Trepidation trickled into my voice.
Dino leapt from the couch and wrapped me in his arms. “Of course I trust you. I don’t think you have a dishonest bone in your gorgeous body. Just be careful and aware of my feelings. That’s all I ask.”
Dino was a special man. Most men have knee jerk reactions to their jealousy.
“I’m gonna let you go.” The words escaped his mouth, but his arms were still wrapped tightly around me. “I love this dress. I love your shoes. I love the glasses and I adore the pony tail. I’m a starving man Claudette, a starving man. I’m hoping you’ve decided to give me a chance.”
“Let me keep you in suspense, Romeo.” He released me and walked away adjusting the bulge in his pants.

~   ~   ~

Dino walked me out when we finished at the shelter, “Thanks for today.”
“I should be thanking you. You made a splash with the ladies and the kids.” The thought of Dino’s shenanigans with the kids put a smile on my face.
“Steve seemed great. I hope he can help Janice and those two wonderful boys.” My heart swelled at the thought of Dino blending so seamlessly with a cause I was proud to support.
Dino sandwiched me against his body and the driver’s side door of my car. “We’ll be listening to your show tonight from the shop. Don’t say anything that will have me climbing through the air waves to get at you.”
Ah God, he was hard against my body and fucking me with his charm. His eyes were melting spheres of lust and I watched his lips move as he talked, wishing they were against my breasts. “I am going to seduce you with all my charm at Spinelli’s tonight; and I will use every resource or dirty trick to convince you I am worth a chance,” he warned.
Without a doubt, Dino could bring me to orgasm with his words. The one-piece Spanx was not holding up against my constant pools of desire. Dino ushered me into my car and offered a chaste peck on the lips. Enough to keep his taste on my mind through the drive to the studio.
The meeting with Spencer Marks went well. He liked my rough draft for the article. My suggestion to print a more mild cover to appeal to a broader audience was well accepted. I even pitched an idea for a second article. I told him I would like to delve into the emotional attachment of BDSM relationships. He agreed that my chosen title for the article would peak interest: BDSM Fact or Fiction. My suggestion to visit some of his exclusive clubs went over with an unsettling level of enthusiasm. Dino’s warning stood over my thoughts when Spencer offered personally to accompany me and provide any hands on research I would need at the clubs.
I let my uneasiness from my meeting dissipate as I waited for the On Air signal from my producer. Brandon acted as though my show marked the highlight of his week. He was an easygoing producer, and I enjoyed working with him.
After my usual introduction, Brandon alerted me for my first caller. “Jim is calling about his obsession for his best friend’s woman. Beware; he sounds like a real live wire.”
I pushed the call button, “Hello Jim, what can I help you with?”
“Well Doc,” the familiar voice immediately had me grinning from ear to ear. I signaled Brandon that the call would be okay. “I am completely obsessed over my buddy’s girl. I can’t stop having fantasies about her while I…”
“Okay Jim. We get a visual.” I stopped James before he committed radio Hari-Kari. “Tell me what the problem is with your obsession. Is the obsession getting in the way of your friendship?”
“No Doc, my friend is great. He knows his girl is the most incredible and sexy woman around. A man would be a fool not to notice, but I cannot stop openly sharing my fantasies with his woman.”
“Well Jim, as I always say there isn’t a strict set of rules that works for everyone when it comes to human sexuality. The parties involved need to form an agreement. Maybe you could tone down your comments?”
“I can try Doc but it should be illegal for a woman like that to wander around in her high heels, and boots, and glasses, and hats…” He trailed off.
“Let me add one thought for our listeners. Women love compliments. Especially compliments that sound as hot as the ones Jim is probably dishing out. Do the listeners see any harm in Jim’s openness if he tones it down and none of the adults involved feel threatened or offended?”
“Thanks for calling Jim. If I happened to be the lucky woman on the receiving end, I wouldn’t mind if you whispered a few sweet-nothings in my ear on occasion.”
For the next ten minutes, listeners called in with comments about Jim’s call.
After the hoopla died down, Brandon cued in another caller. This one had a question about pheromones.
“Hello caller, what can I do for you?”
“Now that is a loaded question,” Dino replied. The FF were going to fill up my airwaves tonight. “My name is Romeo,” I heard laughter in the background, he cleared his throat, “I was intimate with a woman and she went wild for my man smell.” It sounded like the shop overflowed with giggling school kids. “She went on and on about pheromones and chemical reactions in the brain and how men should leave a well groomed grouping of hair on top of their man parts.” He paused and then continued with a gravelly voice, “I’d like to add, her tirade had my rod harder than steel.”
“Romeo, this woman sounds very intelligent if you ask me. She was correct. One function for pubic hair is to capture and hold the pheromones released from sexual arousal. Women, like the one you were lucky enough to be with, smell said pheromones, which tell her brain to enjoy the ride, so to speak. Everyone has different preferences, but from a scientific observation I believe that a well groomed man could find himself improving his chances if he leaves a clean patch of hair for sniffing.” I sensed Nicole would be busy this week drafting perfect pheromone capturing cages.
A handful of listeners called in offering their take on pubic hair and then we went to commercial. My phone vibrated signaling an incoming text.

R u mad at me 4 sharing?
Never. U no how open I am.
Good. Thought the info was worthy of sharing. Didn’t say anything too personal.
So...thought my sniffing was hot?
OMG. Had to cite some programming data to keep from coming within seconds.
U no how to make a girl feel special.
See u in a few.
Oh gotta go. Back on air.

The rest of the show went by quickly. BB called to talk about intimate piercings, Marcus called to chat about the lure of women to musicians, and a few legitimate listeners called in with various questions about threesomes to whether or not sex was better after a few drinks. When the show ended, I was bursting with anticipation to see Dino.
I rushed into the ladies room to change my clothes. Sprawling the contents of my bag on the counter did not help a pair of underwear materialize. I forgot underwear and would have to go commando tonight. Thank God my worn button-fly Levi’s were butter soft. I reapplied my makeup, fixed my hair, and clomped through the radio station in my tan cowboy boots with purple and yellow embroidery and embellishments. They matched the ray of color against my vintage Pink Floyd t-shirt. I got a few whistles from evening D.J.’s as I exited to the parking lot.
Chapter 9

Pulling up to Spinelli’s, my stomach was tossing with a swarm of those huge butterflies with the creepy patterns resembling eyes on their wings. I’ve never been tied up in knots for a man before meeting Dino. Johnny’s comment about fucking the same man for the rest of my life was less farfetched by the minute.
Dominic was smiling when I pulled up to the valet parking sign. “Hey Doc, I caught your show. Dino had to run and do something, but Mama Spinelli is waiting for you.” He took my keys and helped me out of the car like a gentleman.
“Thank you Dominic. I shouldn’t be drinking too much tonight so you don’t have to worry about driving all around town,” I smiled sheepishly.
The look on his face was like he was witnessing Alice fall into the rabbit hole, “Sure, whatever you say Doc.”
I almost forgot. “Oh, Dominic,” I called out before entering the restaurant, “can you get my guitar out of the trunk?”
He nodded and in a flurry of hugs and kisses Mama Spinelli pulled me through the restaurant and sat me down at a small table with my back to the room. “What are you hungry for?” she asked.
“How about a bowl of soup?” I suggested.
“I’ve got just the thing.” She ran off and returned moments later with a bowl of minestrone, a small salad, and a small plate of mushroom risotto. A waitress followed behind her with a bottle of red wine and two glasses. Mama plopped down with a sigh.
“This looks good, thank you.” I dug into the risotto first. My eyes rolled into the back of my head from the first taste of cream and mushrooms.
“Claudette, I wanted to ask you something personal.” Mama’s eyes displayed a hint of apprehension.
“Of course.”
She dove right in, “You mentioned the other night that my ex-husband’s cheating is more his problem than mine.” I nodded in agreement and took a sip of my wine. “Somehow, I always thought I fell short as a wife in some twisted way of thinking.”
“Your reaction is typical of a woman. We take on the responsibility for everything.” I took her hand for comfort.
“You also made a comment about me deserving happiness.” I nodded again. “Do you think a woman at my age can start over and fall in love?” A blush flushed her olive skin.
“Yes Mama. No doubt. You are beautiful, loving, funny, and open. Any man would be lucky to be with you.” Singing Mama’s praises came easily. She exuded love.
“The sex part of starting over is my other worry.” Embarrassment clouded her pretty face.
“Mama, let me take over from here. You are not too old for sex.” She was what? Early sixties? “Good sex even. I am going to guess that you got married young and your husband has always been a cheating bastard, so sex for you has probably not been that great. Now is your chance to throw all that back in his sorry face and find a man to give you earth shattering orgasms and loving companionship.” My body was shaking with joy and I nearly dropped my soup spoon.
While I finished my dinner, we talked about a man who had been a regular customer for one year. Mama was smitten by him, and if she was not mistaken, he flirted with her every chance he got. I witnessed an awakening in her that moved me.
She sat back and sipped on her wine. The smile on her face could light a landing strip. I heard the band run a microphone test and decided it was time to find a spot in the bar. Mama asked me what I was drinking for the night and she ran off to undoubtedly set me up.
I saw Johnny, Leo, Nicole, Desiree, Chuck, Monica and several others from the shops on Melrose sitting at a table near the stage. Unfortunately, I did not spot Dino or any member of the FF. I was flagged down, given big hugs, and pushed into an empty seat at the foot of the stage. A gin and tonic materialized. I was feeling like Dorothy while the Munchkins examined the dead witch. It was a feeling of, what the fuck?
I took a big gulp of my drink hoping the alcohol would ease my hallucinations when I heard the beat of a drum. I looked up and the FF were on the stage gleaming like fools. The bar broke out in a roar.
Dino had the most endearing look on his face and although we were in a bar full of people, I was the sole recipient of his charm. BB sat at the drums, Marcus had an electric guitar, and James was the bass man. These four were sure to melt some hearts tonight. Mine was already a gooey, waxy, mess.
“Okay everyone quiet down.” Dino waited for the audience’s attention. “Go easy on us with this first song. I made the guys learn it in two nights. We are still a little rough around the edges.”
He wrapped his hand around the mic stand and said, “This song is for an amazing woman who has turned my life upside-down in a short period of time.”
Johnny nudged me and whispered in my ear, “You are going to have that hotness hovering over your body tonight.” He smiled, “Like your surprise?”
I knew the FF played when they were teens, but I had no idea they still played. No wonder James and Nicole were acting so suspicious when they invited me.
The first three beats and I knew the song. Of course I did, my mom loved the Roy Orbison version and decided to name me after the famous Everly Brothers’ song Claudette. The boys played a rock rendition and I instantly understood Mama Spinelli’s comment about another voice of an angel. Dino’s voice was magic and he held complete command of the stage and my heart. If there was a heaven, my mother was crying tears of joy over the sight performing for me. My eyes filled with tears from the aching void I carried for my parents and the flood of memories brought on by the song.
The song ended and Dino put out his hand for me to meet him at the end of the little stage, “Don’t cry, Doll.”
“That was my mother’s favorite song,” I choked the words and felt like a blubbering fool.
“It’s now my favorite too.” He kissed away the tears falling at the corners of my eyes. “I’ve got to get back to charming you.”
Johnny squeezed my hand and Mama dragged her chair to sit at my side.
“Doll, you will always be the Juliet to my Romeo,” Dino said into the microphone and looked at me like I was also the jelly to his peanut butter, his link to life, his everything.
I rolled my eyes over how thick and mushy his statement was. Dino laughed and nodded at James to start. As though I was playing name that tune, I leaned into Johnny after the first few notes, “I love this song.” My eyes didn’t move from Dino and I sang along to Romeo and Juliet by Dire Straits.
The audience roared, I barely noticed when the song ended. Dino’s presence was hypnotizing. The FF immediately broke into the next song, Springsteen’s I’m Goin’ Down. Dino jumped off the stage and pulled Mama into his arms for a dance. I had a feeling this song was for her. She looked happy. We all clapped with the beat and sang along with Dino’s flawless voice. Every lady in the house was staring at Dino’s hips. The man had moves.
I knew Johnny was gearing up for a comment. He had the look of a dog pulling tightly against a chain to get free.
“He’s definitely going down tonight. I bet he eats you alive.”
Sometimes, even I didn’t know how to respond to Johnny.
Dino swigged a bottle of water and Marcus spoke into the mic, “Who wants to hear a truly beautiful voice?” Our table group erupted with encouragement for me to sing. James was holding my guitar out toward me. I stood, removed my leather jacket and took my guitar.
“You are too kind and far too generous,” I said into the mic while I slung the guitar strap over my head and shoulder. I closed my eyes to feel the strings massage my fingers. The sweet groan at the beginning of Kind and Generous hummed from my soul through the still bar. The FF were standing at the side of the stage acting as though my voice transcended the heavens. They were good for a woman’s confidence. I ended the song singing thank you, thank you until the music faded.
Dino removed my guitar and swung me around with one arm. He placed me back on my feet and between soft kisses asked, “Sing a song with me?” And there it was again, that moment when a valley of hot coals could not keep me from following Dino. He whispered a song in my ear and I conceded to knowing the words. After all, everyone knew the words to We’ve Got Tonight.
A piano introduction began and I swung my head around to see BB sitting at a keyboard. His grin gleamed. Dino put a microphone in my hand and started with the first verse, teasing me with the lyrics. I shook my head and pointed at him with a school teacher scolding. This song probably could get every woman from this bar in bed with him tonight. He pointed to me when my solo was approaching. Singing the verse had me thinking about how lonely I was before I met Dino. Dino joined me for the chorus. Harmonizing with his voice was effortless. He had perfect pitch and control, and in a gentlemanly fashion, he allowed me to choose the rest of the solos.
Dino dipped me in his arms and kissed me with such passion and reverence that I lost all sense of time and space. My free hand dug into his hair and I returned his kiss with my tongue seeking cover deep in his throat. The crowd whistled and taunted for us to take our P.D.A. someplace more private. Dino smiled over my mouth and put me back to a standing position. He slapped my ass and sent me back to my seat.
James took a microphone. “We are calling this next set The Seduction of Claudette. There’s a poll at the bar to guess how many songs and what particular song will finally have Claudette leaving with Dino tonight.” BB hit the drums ba-da-dum. “This is what happens when a man gets whipped. Watch and avoid, brothers.”
The FF, which I learned called their band Pop’s Quartet, started the seduction set off. It took me a few moments to verify the song and my head dropped into my hands from embarrassment. The guys were working their sexy Teddy Pendergrass mojo. The scene was almost laughable if I was not totally mortified. However, Dino mimicked Teddy pretty well, and if I had to choose my favorite Pendergrass song, it would be You’re My Choice Tonight. But it was BB, Marcus, and James singing the background vocals that had me hyperventilating from hysterical laughter. They perfectly orchestrated their hip swings and probably herniated their balls trying to hit the high pitch vocals. I was quickly falling in love with this group of men.
“Okay,” Dino said over the continual laughter, even after the song finished. “I need to get serious because that song should have had you tearing at my clothes instead of laughing.” God, he was playful tonight, and I only hoped he would be this fun in bed.
Serious, it became. I creamed my panties when Dino began singing the Rolling Stones’ Beast of Burden. Except, I wasn’t wearing underwear and the moisture spread to my inner thighs. He certainly was hard enough and rough enough for me to want to make sweet love to him. After the Stones, they played Elvis Presley’s Don’t Be Cruel. Dino strutted around the stage like the King himself. The women in the bar were going wild for the FF. When an overzealous fan girl occupied Dino, I snuck next to James and whispered, “I would like to sing something next.” He nodded and winked.
Dino was preparing for his next song when a flash of surprise had his attention diverted to my beginning riff. I had a little teasing up my sleeve. He stepped away and offered the stage with an arm-swinging gesture for me to take over. Chrissie Hynde was going to help me torture Dino with some Brass in Pocket. BB and James knew the song and picked up playing most of the song for me. I danced toward Dino and sensually moved my arms, legs, and fingers to correspond with the chorus. I strutted around Dino and poured my seduction over him like sweet honey. At the last beat of the drum, he fell to his knees and asked, “Marry me?”
“No.” I handed him the mic, touched his nose with my finger, and walked away seemingly unaffected. I tried hard to hide my quickly wavering patience to get naked with Dino.
Dino brought out the big guns with his next song. Rod Stewart’s Tonight’s The Night, was a low blow and almost had me conceding. Hopefully, my need for friction was disguised as a reaction to gyrate in my seat with the music. Every one gyrated to Rod Steward, didn’t they?
I took a moment to look around the bar and witnessed the crowd having a blast. Our group of friends surrounded me like an encouraging family. Young women were fawning all over the FF. Most everyone would get lucky tonight. Even Johnny was flirting with a hunk of a man.
Marcus, with feigning frustration, said to the crowd, “If this next song doesn’t do it for Claudette then our boy is hopeless.”
If Tonight’s The Night was the big guns, then Dino singing Sexual Healing was a full out assault on my desire. All I had to consider now was how many times Dino would have me writhing under his touch and crying out his name. Inspiration struck me and I leapt on stage to sing with Dino. James tossed me a mic and the crowd roared. I danced close to Dino and stroked up his thigh with my body while singing about my need for sexual healing. Dino’s voice groaned out about capsizing and making love.
We barely finished the song before Dino flung me over his shoulder, grabbed my purse, and hauled me toward the exit. I lifted my head from the amazing view of Dino’s tight ass to a sight of friends in the throes of happiness. Johnny blew me a kiss and motioned for me to call him. He would want details.
My car was waiting and Dino placed me in the passenger side and said, “I’m driving.” He leaned into the car and included, “I want you to know that I had a long talk with my mother today about your practice, the magazine you are writing for, and your radio show. She wasn’t happy, but she needed to hear the truth. When I get in this car there will only be the two of us for as long as I can keep you captive.” He shut my door and hurried to the driver’s side.
The short drive to his house involved plenty of heavy petting, “I’ve never wanted anyone this fucking desperately,” Dino said with a voice inebriated from arousal. He pulled up to a modern two, maybe three, story structure and lights lit the property after he swiped a few commands on his phone. I was in awe at the spectacle, both outside and inside the car.
Dino parked my car in his driveway and rushed to open my door. When he pulled me from the car, he took me in a passionate embrace and kissed me fervently. “I’ll show you the house sometime after I’ve had you. I’d love to be man enough to woo you, but my self-control is shot. Don’t think poorly of me. The only thing you need to know once we get inside is that my bedroom is upstairs and at the end of the hall.” He was speaking and pulling me up the front walk.
“Oh Romeo. You really know how to charm the girls,” I said teasingly but Dino was not partaking in any banter.

~   ~   ~

A low light lit the foyer and stairs. With Dino’s arm around my waist, he guided me through the house. “Make yourself at home,” he said once we entered his bedroom. “I need to take a quick shower.”
My reflexes had my hand around his wrist and I stopped his advancement toward the bathroom. “Your smell filled the space in the car. I cannot wait for closer scrutiny.”
“Fuck Doc. You are going to be the death of me.” He sat me on his bed and knelt to pull off my boots and socks. Lifting one foot at a time, he placed a small kiss on each toe. My body reacted single-mindedly to the contact and sent jolts of pleasure to my throbbing sex. Dino gently pushed my back to the bed and slowly unbuttoned my button-fly jeans. “I loved how you looked tonight. I’m going to love you naked even more.” He got midway through the buttons and noticed my lack of panties. He smiled like a kid getting free reign of an ice-cream shop. “You are naughty.”
I lifted my hips and he pulled my jeans off and stared at my body like the starved man he warned me about. With one finger he lightly traced a trail from the ball of my foot, up my inner leg, and over my pussy. His breath hitched, “You are soaked.”
I barely heard him over my expressive sounds.
Using my arms, he brought me back to a sitting position. He pulled my shirt over my head and reached around my body to unclasp my bra. My breasts fell from the cups into his eager hands. “You are perfect.” Three word statements were all Dino seemed capable to iterate. He bent to kiss me. My mouth invited him in with my own hunger.
Wanting him naked, I reached for his belt. He stopped me and sat at my side to unlace his boots. Gathering his shirt with one hand, he slipped it over his head and tossed it on the floor. Then he stood in front of me to remove his jeans. His hard, thick cock sprung free and my senses went into overdrive. A pang of desire flowed from deep in my belly down to my pulsing core. Dino’s body was perfectly sculpted with chiseled muscles under beautiful olive skin. My tongue instinctively licked over my lips and I reached to pull Dino’s dick into my mouth.
He swatted my hand away, “No way Doll. I need to taste you first.” One of his strong arms wrapped around my back and he scooted us to the center of the bed. His weight covered my body and his tongue took my mouth with a passion and intensity that left me breathless. He moved his exploration to my breasts and my back arched, aching for more contact. Dino applied pressure to my nipples with his teeth and sent another stream of awakening through my body. “Take me Dino. Just fuck me and then we will play,” I begged.
He shook his head over my right breast and slowly moved toward my belly, maintaining a torturous stream of kisses and nibbles against my sensitive skin. I gasped from the loss of contact when Dino moved to reach something from his jeans. A condom, I assumed.
My eyes shut during the pause and I felt Dino’s hands push my knees apart to open me to him. My body jolted off the bed when his tongue and something unidentifiable rubbed over my wet opening. “What the hell?” I opened my eyes to see Dino mischievously displaying a tongue piercing. I threw my head back on the bed and braced myself for miraculous oral sex.
“You taste sweet,” Dino murmured. The vibration of his voice enhanced my arousal. He sucked me into his mouth and rubbed the metal ball against my clit. The sensation was unreal and my body writhed for more. I wanted to rotate my body to suck off Dino at the same time, but he kept a strong hold on my hips. Feeling the need to pleasure Dino, I positioned my foot against his rock-hard shaft and massaged his erection between his thigh and the base of my foot.
A thundering moan escaped from deep inside Dino’s throat. He tried to pull away, but I was relentless in my pursuit to please him. The momentary distraction had me completely stunned when an orgasm ripped through my body. I rode the waves of bliss while crying out Dino’s name and gyrating my foot against him to the rhythm of my orgasm.
“Oh God Doll, you are fucking me with your foot and I don’t want you to stop.” Dino seemed torn. He burrowed his face in my right thigh and placed one and then two fingers inside my opening and massaged the front wall with his fingertips. He found my Holy Grail and gently coaxed the magical spot. I reached down, grabbed a handful of his wavy hair, and pulled his face back to where I needed him the most. Dino complied with a renewed commitment to draw out another orgasm. His vocal bliss from my foot action vibrated through the sensitive skin surrounding my hard nub.
His cock began convulsing at the base and he gently clamped onto my clit with his teeth to ride out his release. Another orgasm built deep in my belly and once he released the pressure I came around Dino’s embellished tongue with my muscles contracting against his metal pleasure ball.
Dino kissed his way down my leg and reached for his t-shirt to wipe up our little mess. He tossed the soiled shirt across the room and gathered me to snuggle into his side. “Sorry. I wanted inside you, but I have never been foot fucked before and couldn’t resist.”
“Somehow I think you will get the opportunity.” I stroked his cock and dragged my hand up his chest. He hummed with arousal. “I like the tongue piercing,” I said tapping his lips for his mouth to open. I slipped my finger into his mouth to play will the silver ball.
We kissed, tangling our lips and tongues to slowly build our pleasure and savor the moment. Dino’s hands engraved tender circles over the sensitive skin on my hips, back, and thighs. His erection grew against my lower stomach.
My hands dragged down his strong back and I held tight to the sensual gratification of finally having our bodies naked and entwined with need.
I moaned with delight when his mouth moved over my nipples and his hand gently kneaded my breasts. My back arched off the bed, my body desperate and in Dino’s command. “Your body is so responsive.” He murmured over the void between my breasts. He kissed his way to my shoulder and reached across the bed and pulled a condom from his bedside table.
“Claudette?” he stared into my eyes with veneration, my heart beating fast enough to escape my body. “I have a feeling that once I’m buried deep inside you, I will forever be a changed man.” The change seemed to both exhilarate and terrify him. Again, I was taken aback by how unabashed and truthful he was.
I took the condom from his hand and tore the foil open with my teeth. Carefully, I rolled the protection over his throbbing erection. He studied my every move with an earnestness that sang like a love song to my heart. “Dino, I am already a changed woman so please, I am begging you, search deep inside me for the answers.”
His strong body settled between my legs and I guided him to my opening. Our eyes locked as his pulsating head teased my opening and my muscles clamped down with an invitation to ecstasy. His first thrust was slow and deliberate. I gasped at his fullness. With concern he asked, “Am I hurting you?”
“Feels so good,” was the most coherent response I could muster. He maintained a slow, unrelenting rhythm. My hands explored his broad back and firm derrière while my lips got their fill of Dino’s unique flavor.
“Oh God. You feel amazing. Fucking amazing.” He slid his hands under me and grabbed handfuls of my ass. His rhythm sped up and our grunts kept time with the beat. His thickness created flawless friction over my sensitive spots. I wasn’t accustomed to reaching orgasm without direct clitoral stimulation. Everything with Dino seemed to defy the ordinary.
An Armageddon of emotions and sexual euphoria overtook me. I clawed at Dino and writhed uncontrollably under the pressure of my impending release. I was crying out through the silence and filling every empty space with Dino’s name.
“You are fucking sexy, everything about you is a turn-on,” Dino growled. He held me tight through my tantrum of sensation and maintained his drive to rapture. “Come with me Doll,” he begged. “Come for me.” His control was seemingly hanging by a thread.
“Don’t stop…I’m so close…I’m close,” I was chanting shamelessly. “Just a few more…Oh God, I’m coming…Ahhhhh.” A flourish of erotic pleasure swooned around my core and pulled Dino deep inside my grasp.
Dino plunged and groaned out his climax. I rode the finite sensitivity kindled by Dino’s slight shifts. My body twitched until he was empty and still.
Dino rolled our bodies without breaking contact. Satisfied when he had my weight on top he said, “How is it that I was even living until you came along?” He tucked my head into the crook of his neck and rubbed his hand over my spine. The question was rhetorical and as always very telling of Dino’s feelings.
I was stunned silent.
“Cat’s got your tongue, Doll?”
“No. I’m eating crow.”
“Care to elaborate?” He asked and pulled out. The loss of intimate contact made me wince.
“When we first met I implied that you must be doing sex incorrectly. Do you remember?”
“Like it was yesterday,” he slapped my ass.
I lifted my head to look into his eyes. “Well, I am here to say that you definitely do it right. I have never had more meaningful sex in my life.”
He nuzzled into my cheek doing a terrible job of hiding his mile wide smile. “Let me get rid of the evidence and we’ll wait to see if it was just a fluke.” He rolled me over and headed for the bathroom.
I watched his tight rear flex its way across the room. No coincidence about it. He was the real thing and he fell into my life out of nowhere like the Coke bottle in The Gods Must Be Crazy. What will I do with my growing attraction to him?
Chapter 10

Giant floor to ceiling windows let in more light than my tired eyes appreciated. Dino’s long inked arm splayed over my hip and stretched out down my leg. It looked like a painting on light canvas.
From what I could see of the room, Dino’s decor was all male, with heavy wood furniture and dark colors, yet, filled with elements of comfort, soft chairs, plush carpet, and flowing window coverings. The color palate was a mixture of rich browns and fair creams. Without my glasses, I couldn’t see far out the drawn glass doors, but I had a suspicion we were in the Hollywood Hills. Beyond the glass door was a balcony with outdoor furniture and possibly an expensive view. The barber business must be more lucrative than one would think.
Dino shifted and his erection poked my backside. He inhaled at my neck and exhaled with a hum of contentment. Needing to get up and use the bathroom, I attempted to untangle from Dino’s arms and legs. He held on tighter in protest and rotated his hips to apply friction to his morning wood.
I’ve read that sex with a full bladder can improve the big O. I guess I was going to get a chance to test that theory. Although my base point of reference was off the charts. Dino proved great sex was not a fluke that first time, and I was sure it had nothing to do with my bladder. He established his greatness two more times throughout the night. I was deliciously sore after a year of sexual hiatus.
“Mmmm, you smell good,” he drew in a slow breath through his nose. “You feel good,” he rubbed against my naked body. “You taste good,” his tongue lapped over my shoulder. He placed a finger on my chin and tilted my head so our eyes met, “You look beautiful and I’m about to find out how good you sound in the morning.”
Embarrassment proceeded Dino’s comment about my sound. I had never been a loud lover. Dino unleashed something feral in me. Maybe his openness had me pouring my soul out to him during sex? Or possibly, the sex was beyond good?
“Where did you go?” Dino asked, noticing my mental pause while he tore open the condom packet.
“Thinking about my embarrassing vocalizations.” I hid my face in the pillow.
“Don’t worry, most everything is unintelligible,” he teased. “And the fact that you can express yourself in three languages is very entertaining.” I cried out into the pillow and Dino laughed. “Even the Ah’s and Oh’s sound different depending on the language you toss out.” My hands flew over my ears, begging for him to stop.
Dino twisted my hair and fanned it over the pillow. He tickled the back of my neck with his fingers and lightly placed his lips over my nape and a throaty “Ah” escaped my disloyal mouth. “I know this is an erogenous spot,” he mumbled into my skin. His hand drifted down my body and landed behind my knees. “This area too,” he gently pinched the sensitive skin.
“Oh, mon dieu.” I reached behind and pulled his mouth to the area under my ear.
Dino chuckled, “The French already? Do you have any idea how much fun you are in bed?” He nudged rigidly against my rear while he spooned me close against his firm body.
“Shut up Dino,” I commanded and reached to guide him to my waiting folds. When he entered, a slight sting from plentiful sex washed away with the flood of delightful sensation. Our chemistry reached beyond the physical aspect of sex. With each thrust, my heart was hyperactive with emotions. The feeling of physical elation mixed with a myriad of passion resulted in my powerlessness to control my mind or body.
Without Dino’s expert guidance, I would flounder. Dino rolled us over until I was on top with my back against his front. His hands took advantage of having my breasts at his mercy. He used his strong muscles to thrust up while he pinched my nipples. I cried out, “Très bien…Ah.” Then Dino bit into my shoulder and I yelled, “Fuuuck.”
Needing deeper penetration, I sat up and bent my knees and held onto Dino’s shins. “Oh God,” Dino growled, “The sight of you in this position is going to make me come.” He drove up forcefully and my loud cry surprised us both. “Did that hurt?”
“No. Found. My. G. Spot.” I said with each down thrust of my body to strike the famous zone. His thickness filled me and my clit hit his sac each time I struck the base of his shaft. I took complete control. Every sexually sensitive spot was getting full attention.
Dino placed his hands on my hips and met each plunge with a powerful thrust upward. The pressure building deep in my lower abdomen was insurmountable. My drive to orgasm was an exhilarating liberation.
Dino’s voice broke through the thunderous noise in my head, “Come for me Doll. I’m barely hanging on.” His voice coaxed my orgasm, “Come,” he commanded. “I need to hear you come. I want to feel you spasm around my dick.”
I violently jolted and pushed down on my pelvis to enhance the ripping orgasm. Without Dino’s hands holding me, I would have levitated off the bed. The intense pleasure brought tears to my eyes and I nearly blacked out. Dino’s final push toward his release massaged each rolling pulse of blood through my core. My orgasm lasted an eternity. When my outcries silenced, I fell onto Dino’s legs and kissed the top of his feet.
“Marry me?”
I smiled on his foot, “No.”
“You’ve ruined me for any other woman. I’m damaged goods and it’s your fault. You should take responsibility,” he teased.
I shifted slowly, “I need to use the restroom, Romeo.”
Dino’s hands encircled my ankles, ending my progress. “Okay, but come right back I need to tell you something before our day continues.”
Well, that was something I didn’t want to hear. Dino sensed my concern, “It’s not a bad thing.” He tossed the used condom in a receptacle by the bed and rummaged for the towel he disposed of last night.
I entered the bathroom and gasped at the sight. Solid marble enclosed the large space like a Turkish bath. The shower was immense and separated from the rest of the room with a floor to ceiling glass partition. Buried between two long vanities was a large sunk-in tub made of marble. I had to walk a mile to find the toilet. The wall at the far end of the bathroom was a giant picture window. I needed my glasses to see if we were still on earth.
Reluctantly, I left the bathroom and found Dino sprawled on the bed. “You should have asked me to marry you after I saw the bathroom,” I flopped gracelessly onto the bed.
Dino did not waste a moment pulling me into his side and he rested my head on his shoulder. “Well this is a good segue into the little thing I need to tell you.”
“Are you and the other members of the FF the barber quartet mafia?”
He squeezed me laughing, “Close Doll, but minus the bloody horse head in bed.”
I laughed, “Thank God because it would really suck to see you bash someone to death with a baseball bat.”
“Remember I told you Pops died one short year after Rose?” I nodded and my fingers drifted across his chest to play with the splattering of dark hair. “Well the shop used to have a lottery machine. Pops and the old guys loved playing the lottery. Pops always said he was going to win big and shower Rose with diamonds like Elizabeth Taylor.” Dino swallowed hard against the memory. “Two days before Rose died; Pops won one of the largest lotteries in California history. Nothing in his life was worth anything without Rose. He almost refused to collect the money.”
“Oh Dino, I wish I met them.”
“You have because they are in here,” he pulled my hand over his heart. Oh God, falling in love with him is inevitable.
“When Pops died, he left the money to me, BB, Marcus, and James. BB manages our money and we formed a small investment company called The Four Incorporated. Pops always called us his four boys. We are pretty well-off.” He said it like the money embarrassed him.
“We invest in startup companies and small businesses. Between the four of us, we have good business expertise and the education to offer management, technical, financial, and marketing advice. Many of our investments have been extremely lucrative.”
“Tigers with diamond studded collars rich? Or, I can live comfortably without worrying about money for the rest of my life rich?”
Dino laughed at my references, “Somewhere in between.”
“Well I’m not with you for your money, just your body. Besides, I am doing pretty well myself,” I countered. “Why do you seem uncomfortable with the money? Pops wanted you to have it.”
“Pops spent a year teaching us the only thing in life worth having is love. The guys and I have spent a lot of time fucking our way around L.A. to fill the voids we have until that someone special shows up. Life has been carefree and easy for us. However, the money has often been a hindrance rather than a help in finding meaningful relationships.”
“But?” I suggested.
“Not but…until. Until you came along and changed everything for me.” Dino stared at the ceiling; I’m sure worried that he was too honest, too soon. “I wasn’t aware I was lost before you found me.”
I kissed his cheek, “I didn’t know I was lonely before you entered my life.” Peace filled the space around us and we snuggled until my growling stomach broke the silence. We laughed.
“What is the name Dino short for?” I’ve been thinking about researching his name, but forgot. “Dino, like that creepy purple dinosaur is all I can come up with.”
“That’s Barney. Oh God, what does knowledge of that piece of trivia say about me?” He cupped his hand over my mouth, “Don’t answer.”
“Dino is short for Constantino. Or the Greek pronunciation, Constandino.”
“Constantino Pantopoulos. That doesn’t slide off the tongue.”
Dino slid his body under me so I was on top and staring into his eyes. “The only form of my name you need to worry about ‘sliding off your tongue’ is Dino when you are begging to come.” His cock protruded between my legs.
He was a supernatural being because no earthly man could be ready for that much sex. “I reek of sex and need a shower.” After all, his shower was obviously designed for sex.
“What happened to Miss Whiff and Make’em Stiff? Does she want shower sex?”
Without waiting for my answer, he sat up and scooted to the edge of the bed and lifted to a standing position with my arms and legs wrapped tightly around his body. Damn, he was strong.
Dino sat me on a marble bench within the shower enclosure. I was expecting the marble to be freezing against my skin, but I was pleasantly surprised by the warm comfort of the hard surface. “Warmers under the marble in the shower,” Dino explained. He pressed a few buttons on a console at the entrance of the enclosure and hot water poured from the ceiling like rain and jetted out from the walls.
I got a sudden hankering to sit back and watch The Dino Show. To get Dino onboard with my idea, I widened my legs and placed one foot on the edge of the marble seat, exposing my swollen goods. I licked a couple of my fingers and touched myself.
Dino caught on quickly and his eyes bugged out of his head like a cartoon character.
“Stand under the water and wash yourself,” I commanded. His love muscle jumped to a hardened piece of perfection. He took the bottle of soap and poured a large dollop into his hand. I rubbed myself in slow circles while Dino soaped up his body. When he reached his package I said, “Stroke yourself. I want to see how you make yourself come.” His eyes were glued to my hand. My movement became more forced and faster at the sight of Dino stroking his thick shaft. “Have you ever jerked off thinking about me?” I asked curiously.
“Every day since I met you,” he answered with blatant honesty. One arm moved to the side wall for support and he increased his speed. My moans mixed with the unique sound of water sprinkling from the ceiling. “This vision of you in my shower will never fade. I need to be inside you so fucking badly.”
The sight of his tensed leg muscles, his undulating six-pack, and the tension from his quickened strokes was like erotic performance art. My head clunked against the wall and I came with a sweet reverence. It wasn’t an earth shattering orgasm like with Dino touching me, but sweet all the same.
Dino entered the shower with a condom. My selfish pleasure blocked out a moment of time because I never noticed him leaving. He hiked me into his arms and threw me against the marble wall. “Wrap your legs around me and hold on tight. This is going to be rough and fast.” He plunged into to me with the force of a man drilling for life. My body flew in his arms with each thrust. It was a fuck for him only. My heart melted at my gift of submission.

~   ~   ~

It turned out; Dino’s house was in the Hollywood Hills and on the famous Bird Streets. The house tucked into three stories of the canyon with a view of downtown Los Angeles and the ocean in the distance. Dino made a perfect cappuccino and threw together some sandwiches and light snacks for our breakfast-slash-lunch. We ate on the terrace, partaking in the multi-million dollar view.
Dino told me about his family and growing up Greek Orthodox. Between his sisters, he had three nieces. He loved his sisters and their families, but his closest relationships were with BB, Marcus, James, and Nicole. Noticeably, Dino avoided all conversation about his mother.
We snuggled on a large outdoor chaise. The cotton robe Dino gave me to wear was not warm enough so I took advantage of Dino’s body heat. Not that I needed an excuse, he was more than willing to sacrifice himself as a human blanket.
He had on cotton pajama bottoms and his chest was bare. I traced my finger along the tattoo on his heart. “Your father disappointed you didn’t he?”
Dino didn’t seem to mind the question, though he answered tersely, “He did.” That’s what I got for asking a close ended question when I wanted more information.
“How close is your relationship with God?” I had a feeling religion would be the one subject we did not agree on.
“I have a strong faith, if that is what you are asking? Knowing Pops and Rose strengthened my faith because what they did for the four of us was beyond love or kindness, it was a miracle.”
“Sometimes I want to believe in God and especially, heaven. Last night when you sang Claudette I wished desperately for a heaven with my mom looking down and witnessing my happiness.”
“You see Doll, I believe that there is not only heaven, but Mel and Rose met up with your parents and manipulated our lives until we met. I believe God brought you to me. Well, with a little nudge from the angels in our lives.”
I couldn’t wrap my scientific head around Dino’s nice, though in my opinion, bewildered sentiment. However, I was happy to live with the idea for a few more moments while we relaxed on the chaise. My shivers from the cold brought me back to the real world that housed stinging permanent loss and fear.
“Let me get a blanket. Don’t move.” Dino jumped up and disappeared into the house.
He returned with a large down comforter and my phone, “Your phone keeps going off.”
He handed it to me and repositioned us to our previous positions under the warm blanket. “It’s probably Johnny wanting to know all about your sweet ass.”
“I don’t think so,” he replied, “that famous French song keeps playing.” Dino must have already noticed my designated songs for incoming contacts.
“Merde, my brother!” I hoped the baby was okay. I pushed the call icon while calculating the time difference on my fingers. Jean picked up after a few rings.
“Où diable es-tu, Claudette?” he yelled through the phone.
“I’m with someone. What happened, are Marie and the baby okay?”
“Marie’s water broke and the doctors induced labor. You are an aunt and your niece’s name is Fern.” The delivery must be three weeks early and I wanted to stress my concern, but I couldn’t get past…Fern.
“Tell me you didn’t name my niece after a plant,” I yelled. “Oh, here comes Claudette and Fern,” I mimicked. “Do you know how horrible that sounds?”
“Calm Down,” he yelled back at me. “Fern was just a little punishment for not answering your phone. Her name is Amalie. What do you mean you are with someone?”
Wow, he reverted back in the conversation quickly. “I am with someone, as in a man. And he fuc…”
“Claudette!” I was stopped abruptly from men on two continents.
“You know better than to ask me about my sex life,” I scolded Jean. I knew he was thinking, ‘But discussing your brother’s sex life is an open book?’
“So tell me, are Marie and Amalie doing well?” Concern was also in Dino’s eyes.
“Yes they are great. I sent you at least a dozen photos.” I put up the universal okay sign to ease Dino’s worry.
“Comment vas-tu?” My brother didn’t sound at his best.
“I’m well. Relieved. Tired. Missing mom and dad.”
Will all the major events in our lives have the dark cloud of our sorrow hanging over us? “Well, I am here with a man who believes that there is not only heaven, but that mom and dad are saluting their new petite-fille with champagne.”
“And you didn’t put your clothes on this morning and leave?” he asked with a humorous tone.
“Shocking. I know.” I turned to see Dino staring down at me with admiration. “I’ll get Johnny to bump up my visit. Will next week be alright?”
“We will be dying to see you whenever you come. I’ve got to go. I love you sis.”
“Je t’aime aussi.” We hung up and I immediately started downloading the images.
I cuddled back onto Dino’s shoulder and lifted my phone so we both could view the screen.
“I caught most of that conversation. Are mother and baby well?” Dino asked with renewed concern.
“Yes. I am an aunt,” I cheered.
“You will make a wonderful aunt.” He nestled his face into my neck and kissed his way up to my jaw.
I startled Dino when I yelled, “Look how beautiful she is!” We laughed over his flinch and proceeded to lie in each other’s arms until we looked through the pictures several times.
My arm got heavy from holding up the phone. I was exhausted and closed my eyes. Before I fell asleep Dino asked, “What’s with the counting on the fingers?”
“I’m terrible with math.” I dozed off thinking about Dino’s smile hiding above my head. Contentment filled my heart from the warmth of a remarkable man wrapped around my body.

~   ~   ~

Dino’s head between my legs woke me. He was buried under the cover and licking me like a lollipop. It was dusk and I could make out the glimmer of lights in the distance. Dino must have removed my glasses for me when I fell asleep. We were still on the terrace and I froze worried his neighbors could see us.
Dino sensed my sudden concern and from under the blanket I heard, “The neighbors are far enough away, but we will stay under cover just in case.”
Relaxing back into the chaise, I savored the feeling of Dino’s talents driving me toward another orgasm. He pressed his tongue deep inside me and slid his piercing over my clit with each thrust. He repeated the course of action until he had to clamp down on my hips with his forearm to keep me from flying over the railing and into the depths of the canyon. My orgasm skyrocketed through the Hollywood Hills and my cries echoed against the canyon walls.
Dino climbed up the covers and engaged my mouth with my intimate smell and taste. “Hi,” I said over his lips.
“Hi yourself,” he answered and simultaneously entered me. I closed my eyes and succumbed to Dino making languid love to me. His warm skin smelled like soap and musky man. Breathing in his scent would forever turn me on.
“Oh Doll. I’m never going to get enough of you. You feel so good.” His exuberant vocalizations were giving my usual soundtrack some competition. I loved listening to his deep guttural growls of satisfaction. My mind drifted to Dino taking himself with his hand in the shower. The erotic picture enhanced my arousal.
“I want to come with you this time. Can you come with me?” I reached between our bodies and rubbed a couple fingers over my clit. “Oh fuck, you are touching yourself again,” he groused as though his ability to wait took a hike.
“Tell me something dirty,” I begged.
He dropped his head next to my ear and with his lips touching my lobe he whispered, “James wasn’t the only one having fantasies about you. My favorite fantasies included those high heel ankle boots and your black glasses. I imagined leaning you against my barber chair and fucking you up the ass while my fingers played with your sweet, wet pussy.”
And that thought was the precipice I needed. “I’m going to come Dino.” I tried to hold back, but the release was breaking through my restraint.
I reached under Dino and massaged his perineum. “That feels fucking good… just a few more…I’m coming too.” We fell together with our songs of joy filtering through the early evening air.
Dino rocked into me until his last release. I whined when he fell from my body. “A girl could get spoiled from such wonderful wake-up calls. How long did I sleep?”
“I’m not sure. We both slept and I haven’t checked the time at all today. I think it’s around five.” He propped up on his elbow to get a good look at me. “You are so beautiful. I must have watched you sleep for a half hour before I had to taste you.”
I got embarrassed. “I’m attractive, I know that. I also take good care of my body, but you and the guys talk as though I’m an anomaly of beauty.” My face frowned at the thought.
“Your physical appearance is the initial draw, but it’s your style, confidence, intelligence, kindness, talent, and humor when combined make you…amazing.” His hand moved under the covers and onto my belly. He sketched circles around my belly button. His fingers were constantly in motion when he was touching me. “But the guys can only speculate what I know to be true. You are also an amazing lover.” He tickled up my torso to my breasts and squeezed one nipple. My back arched and he added, “And you are amazingly responsive.” His cock twitched at my side, “You are the most amazing woman sent from heaven to find my lost soul.”
Well. Fuck. What was a woman supposed to say to that? Dino left nothing out. And what was with the meat puppet? He was subhuman to be hard again. “I’m speechless Romeo. And as much as it pains me to say this, I have to admit, you need to get that thing under cover before I am unable to walk.”
Dino laughed, “Too much for you?”
“I have lost count of my orgasms. How many am I supposed to tell Johnny when he asks?” I lifted my hand out from the covers to begin the daunting task of counting.
Dino laughed again and pulled my hand out of the air. “You can’t add. Just ask me, I’m good with math.”
Alright, “How many orgasms have I had since last night?”
“Nine. And I advise we go for an even dozen before we wake tomorrow.” He reached under the cover, yanked up his pajamas, and stood. “But we need to forage for food first.”
Dino wrapped my robe in place and fastened the tie before he pulled the blanket from my body. He took me in his arms and helped me stand. My arms wrapped around his body for a tight hug. “Dino? The comment you made about me finding your lost soul was beautiful. I delayed my reaction because; I just need a bit more time to process us. I’ve had a lot of loss in my life. Some that you don’t know about yet.” He reached over to a small table and picked up my glasses. I watched him rub the lenses with the soft sash from my robe. A simple, yet intimate and caring gesture.
With care and love in his eyes, he smoothed out my hair and placed my glasses on my nose. “I’m going to fall in love with you Claudette and it can’t be stopped.”
“I don’t want anything to stop. I thought the exact same thing when you placed my hand over your heart and told me that I already met Mel and Rose. I just have to see that we can overcome our obstacles outside of this bubble,” I motioned between us.
My comment put an end to the moment. He did not want his mother or any other issues to enter our utopia. I was glad to keep them locked away too.
“Come on. In you go.” He pushed me through the open glass door. “I think we can create something with the leftovers in my fridge.”
“So…how much do you tell Johnny?” Dino asked as we walked through the expansive living room toward the kitchen.
“Would it bother you if I told him quite a bit?” I wrinkled my forehead realizing how gauche it was to talk about my sex life with Johnny. “I don’t have any family or girlfriends to talk with. Johnny is my closest friend. He’s like a pain-in-the-ass, younger brother, assistant, and friend all rolled into one package.”
“Beer, wine, water, sparkling water?” Dino asked with his delectable backside sticking out from the fridge.
“Beer and water,” I answered. “Johnny knows most personal details about my life. I wouldn’t tell him about our intimate moments, but he will expect to learn how good, how many, and anything unusual or research worthy.”
“Unusual? Research worthy?” Dino didn’t look like he really wanted to hear what would come out of my mouth next.
“Yes. For example, this morning I needed to use the bathroom but you wouldn’t let me go. I have learned that a fuller bladder can improve a woman’s orgasm. When the opportunity arose, I decided to test the theory.”
“You experimented on me?” Dino pretended to be offended.
“Yes and no. My hypothesis was that a fuller bladder would improve sex. The nature of a fuller bladder applying more pressure makes sense. The variables, however, were strong.”
“Variables?”
“Yes. You, being an outlier because I am so attracted to you, and you are a great lover. The fact that we hit my G-spot was also a consideration. And the final variable was that my clit knocked against your sac every time we plunged into each other.” Shit. I just made sex sound like a science experiment, all laid out on one of those cardboard, trifold boards. “Am I turning you off to sex with me forever?”
He turned from the stove and a tent was pitched in his pajama bottoms. He grinned sheepishly. “I guess not,” I said. “Anyways, that was by far my most earth shattering drive to orgasm. My need was feral and when the release finally reared its vicious head, I thought I would fly up to the ceiling.”
“So,” he began, “That must have been the research worthy gossip. What about the unusual?”
“The tongue piercing. Hands down,” I deadpanned. “How about you? What do you guys share about sex?” Knowing the FF were a close group, I would assume the sharing would be freer flowing.
“I’m tight with the guys and we do share plenty. But I would never share anything too personal or intimate. I like the idea of sharing only the ‘unusual and research worthy,’” he deviously smiled.
“What’s been unusual for you?” I asked wondering what his answer would be.
“The foot fuck. Hands down,” he replied straight-faced to mimic my response to the same question. He broke his poker face by cracking up and he continued, “I’d have nothing for the research worthy,” he paused, “except you offered an interesting little tidbit about the bladder.” He left a covered pot simmering on the stove and stalked across the kitchen toward me. I felt like I was watching a jaguar hunting disadvantaged prey on the Nature channel. “I already shared the pheromone thing and now I have a civic duty to share the full bladder thing. Although, I am still trying to figure out what you did to prolong my ejaculation during the most stellar blow-job in history.” My barstool slid away from the counter with one swift tug from Dino and he straddled my legs. The wild look in his eyes informed me the prey was about to get snatched up and devoured. “Back to the bladder,” he twisted the sash of my robe around his finger, “I have never experienced a woman lost in such a barbaric drive for release. You totally lost control in a sexy and good way.” His hands braced the granite countertop behind me and he leaned in, stopping shy of my lips. “I need to go for number ten now, unless you are too sore?”
His cotton tent rested in my lap. Even sore, I didn’t possess enough sexual regulation to resist. Besides, an even dozen seemed like a fun challenge and awe inspiring bragging right.
Dino slid his forearm under my knees and his other arm around my back and lifted me onto the counter. He pushed the stool away with his foot and I straddled his body with my dangling legs. “Lay back Doll.” I leaned back onto my elbows and watched him untie the sash. “All the way,” he commanded and grabbed me by the ankles, bent my legs at the knees, and pressed my heels onto the edge of the granite.
I was exposed on his kitchen island for his taking. “You are ready for me. I can see how wet you are.” He lapped my core with one languid lick. My feet nearly flew off the counter, but Dino held them in place. “I’m happy you find the unusual in my tongue piercing. Another day we can play around a little with the hardware for your enjoyment.”
“Oh, Dino. When you talk with your lips against me I can feel the vibration of your voice to my core.” He clamped down on my labia with his lips and hummed. A low moan rolled off my tongue.
“I must not be doing a good job if you can still form such a long and coherent statement.” He continued talking with diabolical intent. Dino guided my legs over his shoulders. “Lie back and enjoy.”
Dino gently slid one finger inside my swells and sucked me between his tongue and front teeth. His other arm reached over his body and kneaded my breasts. His orchestration continued until my hips were rising from the counter and my hands were tightly tangled in his hair. “Dino. Perfect. Coming,” I yelled. Writhing through the ride, I spilled my beer and cursed, “Oh merde, shit.”
He rubbed his mouth across my inner thigh and kissed his way up my body. “I need to go get a condom. Are you okay? You’ve got me thinking I should take a cold shower instead of taking you.”
I said one word, “Condom,” and pointed out of the kitchen.
Dino left me in a pool of beer and in an overdosed state of being sexually drugged. I slipped out of the robe to soak up the rest of the spilled beer. Dino’s beer was still upright and teasing my dry throat from across the counter. Of course, I evened out the misappropriation of liquid goodness.
“Beer thief,” I heard from behind me in a sensual whisper. “You, naked in my kitchen, and drinking beer is my new favorite picture in motion.” He yanked my rear against his erection. “I brought condoms and some lube to help with the tenderness.”
“I have something else in mind.” I walked over to a small loveseat in the sitting area of the kitchen and pulled off a cushion. “Do you trust me Dino?” I threw the cushion at his feet.
Confusion hijacked his easy-going appearance. “You know I do,” he answered with a nervous tone.
I swiped the lube from the counter and knelt at Dino’s feet. “Good then. I’m going to make you scream. I’m tired of being the vocal one around here.” I pulled his pajamas down with one swift tug. “Brace yourself with one hand on the counter. You are going to need it,” I warned.
After placing the lube on the floor, I took Dino’s penis into my hands and massaged his shaft. I positioned my tongue at the tip and rubbed his head in tiny circles against my flattened tongue.
“Oh fuck. I have a feeling you are up to something and I’m going to embarrass myself,” Dino said with very little fight.
My hands moved to his tight ass and I tugged his body toward me, impaling my mouth with his penis. A hand tightly grasped the back of my head, following a low groan. Dino wasn’t nearly as polite with me like he was during my first blow-job. He voraciously took over the rhythm. I had to gain back control if I was going to rock Dino’s world with my secret trick.
Under his radar, while he was possessed with satisfaction, I reached for the lube and squirted some on my finger. I rubbed it between my thumb and index finger to take off the chill. Reaching between Dino’s legs, I swiped the lube over his anus. Dino stilled immediately.
I pulled him out of my mouth enough to say, “Trust me.” He relaxed and let me go back to my own rhythm. Once he was lost again in the pleasure, I slipped the pad of my thumb against his anus. His reflexes went on alert. I didn’t think this macho man had ever engaged in anal play. I pushed my thumb through the reflexive barrier and applied slow, firm circles around the rim.
Dino moaned and tightened his grasp in my hair. He began thrusting into my mouth again and I had him exactly where I needed him…liking the anal penetration and close to release. Deliberately, yet slowly, I pushed my thumb deeper into Dino’s cavity. His legs started twitching and I felt the first sign of release pulse through the skin under his anus and rock hard sac. I waited until the perfect moment and covered my teeth with my lips and firmly clamped down at the base of Dino’s penis.
“Oh God I’m coming,” Dino cried. “Ah Claudette. Feels so good,” he murmured just before realizing that he did not ejaculate.
During his pseudo-orgasm, I replaced my thumb with my index finger and started searching for Dino’s G-spot. Reaching up his anus and toward the deep base of his penis I fingered around for his prostate gland.
“What the fuck are you doing to me? I came, but I didn’t cum.” His voice was splintering with each motion of my finger. “Whatever it is don’t stop. Oh. God .Claudette. This. Feels. Fuck.” He barely choked out the words.
I released the pressure on his cock and began sucking toward another orgasm. Once Dino got back into the cadence of my movement, I began massaging his G-spot. Loud grunts filled the kitchen and within a minute Dino was shouting, “Oh God. Oh God. Fuck Claudette. I’m going to come. I’m coming. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck…” His grip on me was violent and he pushed his cock deep against the back of my throat and came harder than I expected.
My pressure on his gland didn’t let up until I was certain that Dino exhausted every ounce of his release. I swallowed after every spurt and savored his flavor. His cries definitely rivaled mine. When he fell back to earth he crumbled to the floor and pulled me close. His legs were quivering and jolts of sensation had him twitching.
I waited.
“What the fuck? You broke me.” His voice was hoarse and probably in much need of that beer we were sharing.
I opened my mouth to tell him about the magic, but he cut me off.
“Don’t tell me now,” he said like I was crazy. “I wouldn’t remember a damn thing and that was definitely research worthy material to share.”
I giggled against his chest.
“Don’t laugh. You just excavated my ass and it was a-fucking-mazing.” He placed a kiss on my head and passed out.

~   ~   ~

I moved the cushion under his head and stood. The smell of rice had been permeating the kitchen. One of us had to see to our dinner, I may get hurt, but I’d give it a try. The main downfall from growing up with busy surgeon parents and in cities with great restaurants, I never learned to cook.
Lifting the lid from the simmering pot, I found a steaming cloud of white rice. With my limited understanding, I thought the rice on top looked perfect, but could be burnt to hell at the bottom. Dino had put some type of meat and vegetable stew in a separate pot to heat and a container of plain yogurt on the counter. I could prepare our meal, it wasn’t rocket science.
The house was eerily quiet with Dino passed out on the floor. I popped my phone into the dock on the counter and shuffled through for some music. The cool purr of Beck’s voice hummed throughout the kitchen from hidden speakers. Softly, I sang along to the first song on the Sea Change album.
Wanting to look out the expanse of windows surrounding the kitchen, I found myself in search of my glasses. I remembered walking in from the terrace with my glasses on, but I lost them somewhere between the counter feast and the death of Dino. Hide and seek was an annoying game I often played with my glasses. I found them on the counter next to the sopping robe.
The display of lights shining through the windows was breathtaking.
Tip-toeing across the kitchen, I went in search of a laundry room to deposit the soiled robe. Vaguely, I remembered Dino showing me a washer and dryer in a room off the garage. The old noggin was working; I dropped the robe in the empty wash basin and returned to the kitchen.
The aroma of overcooked food filled the room during my short furlough from heating dinner. “Merde,” I cursed aloud and rushed to turn off the stove. Trying to fill time, I found plates, silverware, and opened two new beers. Dino’s well stocked fridge was a glaring difference between us. On a good day, my fridge had a stack of premade salads, Greek yogurt, a jar of walnuts, and fruit. Milk, if I was lucky.
I walked over to Dino, unable to wait any longer, like a little kid wanting their best friend to come out and play. His flaccid penis rested on his left thigh. He didn’t seem to mind lying on the hard kitchen floor like a dead man. If I studied English literature I could whisper in his ear the life altering words Juliet muttered when she found Romeo dead. Instead, I was only capable of explaining his physical reaction to multiple orgasms. I’m a pathetic Juliet to his Romeo. Besides, Juliet was a stupid bitch to fake her death without making absolutely sure Romeo knew about her ploy.
“Doll, you stopped singing,” Dino sleepily murmured.
“Oh Romeo, you are alive.” I dropped to my knees. “Thank God. I didn’t want to go in search of a dagger and stab myself through the heart in an overly dramatic declaration of my love.” The love part slipped off my tongue like feet in socks over a newly waxed floor. And Bam! The word love hit the wall.
“You love me Doll?” Dino playfully and pulled me over his chest.
My core stung from the movement. “Not right now. My vagina stings like I sat on a red ant pile.” That was one good way to divert the love comment and inform Dino I didn’t think we would make it to twelve tonight. Ten was an impressive enough number.
Dino winced at the thought. “You broke me,” he said looking down at his lifeless appendage. “You are naked in my kitchen, singing, and cooking, and my dick doesn’t even notice.”
It’s cute how men refer to their penises as a separate entity from their bodies and mind.
“I’m probably going to need some performance enhancement drugs,” he pulled me to lie completely over his body, “but it was well worth it.”
It’s also cute how men were so afraid to say the term erectile dysfunction for fear of jinxing their sexual abilities. Kissing his chin, I informed, “I had to do something to slow you down. Anyways, the show wasn’t extremely impressive so give your penis a break. I am naked, I may have been singing, but beyond any shadow of a doubt, I was not cooking.” Burning leftovers was more accurate.
Surprised, Dino asked, “Is cooking something Dr. Boucher isn’t great at?”
“My first name starts with a C, and that is the only thing I have in common with cooking,” I replied ruefully.

~   ~   ~

We ate dinner on the couch, naked and wrapped in blankets while watching recorded episodes of Jimmy Fallon. We snuggled, laughed, and talked. I kept taking cat naps and waking to Dino’s laughter. Blissful contentment filled my cocoon with Dino.
“Do you want to take a warm bath before we go to sleep? It might help with the soreness,” Dino suggested with concern woven in his voice.
A bath sounded tempting, but I was far too exhausted, “Please, just take me to bed.”
Still half asleep, I felt Dino lift me from the couch and effortlessly carry me to his bedroom. He placed me on his bed and slipped in behind me. As the covers were tucked to my shoulders I said, “Don’t worry Dino, I’m going to fall in love with you too.” Finally, I fell over the cliff of awareness into a sleepy abyss with Dino’s soft kisses trailing my neck.
Chapter 11

My arm stretched across the bed and hit something that crinkled under its weight. No Dino this morning, but a note. I swiped my sleepy eyes and read:

Doll, I slept so well with you wrapped in my arms. Heaven.
You made a sweet noise every time I kissed you and pulled you closer. Like a hum to music only we can make.
I went to forage for food outside the house. I will be back in a flash. If you wake, take a warm bath. On the tub, I put some oils and other girly smelling things you may like.
Yesterday was amazing. You are amazing. I never knew a woman like you existed, and for me to be the lucky man to have found you is nothing short of a miracle.
XOXO Dino

I hugged the note like a Teddy bear and read it several more times. Dino’s favorite adjective to describe me and everything I did was, amazing. He was the amazing one. He made me feel like the most special woman in the world. As though the earth’s axis was forever tilted from the power of my existence.
The temptation of a bath lured me out of bed. The need for coffee put a bath second on my list of things to do. Dino had my glasses waiting for me on the bedside table with a glass of water. He paid attention.
I traipsed my naked body to the kitchen. A bright orange sticky note beaconed from the espresso machine.

Espresso ready to pour, just hit brew. Grab milk carafe from fridge and steam your milk. If you let the wand dance over the surface of the milk, you will get more foam. The way you like it. P.S. Be careful, don’t burn those beautiful breasts!

Two smaller notes were on different parts of the machine with little arrows, one labeled steamer wand and another labeled brew button. It must have taken him an hour to get out of the house. I opened the fridge to grab the milk and I heard the front door open and keys clank against the small table in the foyer.
“I’m in here. You’re just in time to save my breasts from imminent doom,” I hollered through the kitchen.
“You’re naked.” A good summary, but not from the voice I expected to hear.
I placed the milk on the counter and worked overtime to maintain calm. “Mrs. Pantopoulos, what are you doing here?” I should have covered up, but I was in the kitchen for fuck’s sake. And I refused to allow her to make me feel embarrassed. After all, she was the one who walked in on me. She could carry the shame.
“This is my son’s house. I came to see the whore who kept him from church with his mother.” Devil horns nearly sprung through her head. She was a mother scorned and I have heard the warnings about her supernatural breed. She must be incapable of seeing Dino as a grown man through the anger shooting from her eyes.
“Dino went out to get breakfast.” I had little ammunition. I hadn’t even known about church, but Mrs. P. was unhitched at the moment and wouldn’t hear reason if I tried to insert some sanity into our encounter.
“I did some research about you.” Fuck she was diving right in.
She moved to the fridge and I shifted to the opposite side of the kitchen island. Busily, she emptied a thousand small containers of food from the bags she brought. Witnessing her stocking Dino’s fridge bamboozled me. However, I’d be inclined to sign up for her meals-on-wheels program if that crack-stew we ate last night came from her kitchen. That’s crazy thinking, Claudette!
These Greeks threw out powerful mind fucks. First Dino and now Mrs. P., they got in and twisted my sensibilities. I needed to snap out of it to survive the confrontation.
“You are after my son’s money and I will stop you,” she threatened me.
“I don’t need a man’s money,” I countered with as much dignity as a naked woman could rally.
“No you don’t, but that doesn’t stop you from taking it.” Anger was permeating from her stare.
What the hell was she talking about? “Spit out whatever blasphemy you came here to sling.”
“I read about Clive, your ex. He died and later you got a priceless collection of Degas sculptures and drawings.” The sound of Clive’s name shocked me. To hear negativity spoken about my relationship with Clive was acid to the heart.
Mrs. P. smiled proudly over encouraging my hurt reaction. “You were just twenty-four and he was fourteen years your senior. How did you blackmail his family into giving you the priceless art?” I stared blankly at her, unable to fathom how evil Dino’s mother was. “Then there was Don,” she paused allowing Don’s name to filter into my brain. “He also gave you a lump sum of money. Only he was still alive and far less content with your area of study.”
She had taken some personal facts from my life and twisted them into a horrid tale. Did she sell the lie to Dino? Was that why he wasn’t home yet?
Her hot, lava breath blasted one last denunciation, “You even got a pretty penny from your parents.”
My jaw dropped and my eyes flew open to the size of saucers. I couldn’t believe anyone would throw slander about my parents.
Justifying her ludicrous accusations seemed futile. I walked away and headed to the bedroom without a word. I held back my tears. She would get too much satisfaction from seeing me cry. I slipped into my dirty clothes, grabbed my purse, and walked out the front door. I didn’t break until my car was heading down the famous Bird Streets.
I pulled up in front of Johnny’s apartment building in what would be considered the poor man’s Hollywood in comparison to Dino’s neighborhood. However, to normal standards the building was grand. I used my code to enter and walked through the flowering courtyard and ignored the few residents meandering about. I knocked on Johnny’s door and decided to sit and wait if he wasn’t home.
“Claudette we were waiting for you.” Johnny pulled me into his arms and shut the door behind us. Sitting on his couch was the good looking man from the bar on Friday night.
“This is Montgomery…Monty, Claudette.” The introduction was terse.
My sobs released with a flood of emotion and I fell onto the chair opposite Montgomery. Johnny wedged his way next to me and wrapped an arm around my shoulder.
“What did that bitch say?” Johnny asked. But how did he know?
“Dino called looking for you. You must have just missed him. He arrived home to find his mother sitting in the kitchen with a big grin on her face and canary feathers falling out of her mouth.” He pulled his t-shirt up to my face and wiped my nose.
Montgomery pushed up to his feet and sat on the coffee table directly in front of us. “That woman is a real cow.”
Oh my, Monty had a cute British accent. My surprise registered with Johnny and he said, “I know. British. Hot. Now spill.” He rolled his eyes as if the obvious didn’t need discussing.
Johnny’s phone rang and he huffed at the interruption. “Hello. Yes she’s here. No she doesn’t want to talk to you or she would have stayed. No, you won’t come over. She’s slobbering all over my shirt right now Dino, not yours. Yes, I’ll tell her.” He hung up.
“He wants you to know he threw the shrew cat out of his house.” My cries intensified. I didn’t want to come between Dino and his mother, but she cut me deep. She called me a whore and a gold digger. But her cutting comments about Clive and the Degas’ hurt the most and brought my loss of Clive to the forefront of my mind.
Johnny and Montgomery lifted me off the chair and guided me to the spare bedroom. “I know this isn’t the time, but you are moving gingerly about. How much sex did you have before Mommy Dearest entered the picture?” I slapped Johnny on the chest and bawled.
I was tucked gently into the bed and Montgomery left the room. Johnny sat on the bed and I told him all about my short weekend with Dino, his house, the lottery money, the sex, Dino’s tenderness, and the evil Wicked Mother of the West.
Johnny agreed that the horrible implications about Don’s money and Clive’s Degas collection were evil, but he told me that he didn’t understand why I let Dino’s mother get so far under my skin.
I explained my concern about Dino shutting his mother out like he did with his father.
“Johnny, I would do anything simply to have another hour with my mother. If Dino is forced to choose, I believe he will choose me, and I will forever be the wedge between one of the most meaningful relationships of his life.” She may have attacked me without cause, but she was and always would be Dino’s mother. “I thought she would be one of those moms from that Greek movie, overbearing and always in our business, but driven by love. Today, pure abhorrence permeated from her heart. I will not subject myself to hate.”
I yawned and stretched my aching body. “Sleep Claudette. I’ll wake you for lunch.” He kissed me on the cheek, removed his shirt and held it to my nose to blow.
When he headed out the door I said, “I love you Johnny.”
“I love you too Doc. What do you want me to tell Dino when he calls? It’s not like you to avoid talking things out.”
“Tell him anything you want. You can tell him what his mother said and about Clive and Don. I don’t care. I need time to think.” I snuggled into the pillow, wishing for Dino’s shoulder.
When I woke, I heard Johnny’s voice from the living room. It sounded like he was talking to Dino.
“Give her some time.”
“I told you, the accusations Mommy Dearest made hit her hard.”
“She wasn’t happy when I told her. She has some crazy disdain to harming your relationship with mommy.”
“I don’t know how much time she’ll need.”
“No it is her place to tell you about Clive and Don, not mine.”
“I’ll tell her. Okay. Goodbye.”
I withdrew to the bathroom to take a hot bath. My phone was heavy in my hand while I waited for the tub to fill. Johnny was correct; usually it was not my nature to shut anyone out when communication was desperately required. Blaming Dino for his mother’s actions was unreasonable. I turned off the water and went for my iPad. Thumbing through my contacts, I checked to see how thorough Johnny was with Dino’s information. Everything was complete from full name to birthday, including his email address. I tapped the email icon and typed:

Dino,
Any other woman would invite the chasm to break you away from your mom. I will not. Too many emotional implications will surface later in our relationship if you walk away from her, for me. I will not come between you and your mother, although she obviously will stoop very low to come between us. I want a relationship with you…all of you. Your mother does not need to like me, but she needs to accept me, and respect me. I need to accept her. She hurt me with the horrible things she said. I thought I would be fighting her over spurious matters. But she hit me on a very personal level and I am not ready to forgive or forget how poignantly she attacked.
She clearly loves you, no doubt. Her fear of losing you had her biting at my heels. She must sense the connection between us to pounce straight for my Achilles. As difficult as it may be to believe, her actions came from her love for you, and not her anger for me. Even so, I cannot and will not subject myself to her scorn, not for you, not for anyone.
This weekend was magical. Hell, since I met you, many emotions have unleashed. Some emotions have sparked thoughts about the pain I need to work through; to heal from my personal losses. You are a beautiful man. A loving man. A remarkable man. Any woman would be honored to be with you. Painfully, I may not be that woman. Not at this point in our lives.
Give me some time. I am going to have Johnny bump my trip to Paris into the middle of this week. I will see you before I leave at the shop for the magazine photo shoot. I will tell you about Clive and Don then.
One thing I want you to know…I was falling in love with you when I thought you were a playboy, barber, driving around on an overly noisy motorcycle. Crazy…after briefly meeting.
Get some rest and call your mother, if not for us, at least for your future relationships.
Claudette.

I hit send and eased into the tub. The warm water stung my private parts and reminded me how differently my day would have gone if I had locked the bathroom door and soaked in Dino’s tub until he got home. Maybe the Wicked Mother of the West wouldn’t have found me?
I bathed until the water turned cold. I found the clean change of clothes I kept in the dresser in Johnny’s spare bedroom. Whenever I am sick, upset, or exhausted I flee to Johnny’s apartment. We’ve taken care of each other during some trying times. He was the best friend I’ve ever allowed into my head. And I believe I was the same for him.
“There she is,” Montgomery announced, “Sleeping Beauty.”
I waved and my attention immediately went to Johnny’s phone conversation.
“She just woke up.” He rolled his eyes in my direction.
“No she doesn’t look okay.”
“I’ll ask her.”
He put his hand over the phone and asked if I wanted to talk to Dino. I shook my head.
“No she isn’t ready.”
“No. Dino, you are driving me crazy. I am walking to the cellular store now to buy a new SIM card and change my number.” Johnny rolled his eyes at no one in particular.
“Tell him I sent an email to his Constantino address.” Montgomery and Johnny lit up with relief like I was an addict finally deciding to go into rehab.
“She said to check your Constantino email address.” Johnny swung his phone in front of his face. “He hung up on me,” he said to the blank screen.
“Claudette, that man is not going to rest until he has all the facts, and I’m thinking…,” Johnny held his index fingers apart in the air, “um…a good eight inches of himself deep inside you again.”
His comment was meant to make me smile, and it did.
“Ah, there is my Doc. Now come, sit.” He patted the space on the couch between him and Montgomery. “I want to tell you all about my Monty here and you can tell us how you found Dino’s G-spot.”
My mouth flew open, “How do you know about that?”
“Come on Doc. I know you have skills. You must have done something magical to get Dino wound so tight.” Montgomery was chuckling over Johnny’s teasing.
“So spill. Did you make that hunk of a Greek God cry out your name? And how many orgasms did you have?”
Sometimes Johnny had a way of cutting through all the bullshit and getting straight to the point. He may seem like an insensitive prankster, but what Johnny essentially said to me was, stop your crying, later we can figure the bad shit out, but not until you reminisce about the important stuff.

~   ~   ~

My drive home was dreadful. Not because the renowned L.A. traffic was more horrible than usual, but because I heard the chime of an incoming email. If texting and driving were dangerous then reading an email would be suicide. I waited to open Dino’s response until my car was safely in the garage.

My Doll,
The guys and I witnessed Mel’s heart-wrenching life without Rose. Even though it was one short year, he taught us a valuable lesson. He helped us believe in love and the ideal that one perfect woman exists for each of us. He taught us to spot the signs from his experience with Rose. He warned us about the turbulent emotions the right woman can rouse in our souls. When those elevator doors opened the life around me ceased to exist. Any man would have a sexual reaction to your beauty. My reaction was so much more. My heart swelled, my palms were sweaty, and my emotions spun inside me like a tornado. The thing I remember the most was at that moment, you accepted me. There you were standing in an expensive suit and sporting your Louboutin’s. I sensed when you looked at me that you saw a man, the man I am, instead of the stereotype of a tattooed and pierced playboy.
Your email was overly generous toward my mother. I apologize, though I know you would say I am not responsible for her actions. Before I threw her out, I told her she needs to get therapy to overcome whatever it is that has her so tightly latched on to me and my personal life. She views the need for therapy as a weakness and fears anyone could find out. Therefore, I cannot bank on her seeking help. But enough of her.
I was devastated when I got home and even more so since you have shut me out. I am doing my best to stay away. Although, I may be driving Johnny a little crazy, I am happy you have him. I need to see you tomorrow. I won’t allow you to shut me out completely. I’m not taking away your rights, but I need a chance to talk with you.
There are things you said about your feelings for me that had me jumping on my bike to find you. Some other things hurt like hell. You are hurt and I want to hold you, comfort you. Your pain is mine. Let me love you. You and me. Just you and me…
Yours, Dino

I left the confines of my car and moved through my house like a zombie. I riffled through my jewelry box and found the beautiful engagement ring Clive bought for me, but never had a chance to propose. Placing the ring on my finger, I curled into bed and slept in a deep, sorrow induced stupor.
The next morning when I entered my office I had no recollection of how I woke, got dressed, or drove to work. Instantly, my senses were accosted with a variety of white flowers. Each flower a sign of mercy, begging for surrender.
Leo greeted me first as an explanation for the abundant flower gesture, “He is miserable. It took five of us to carry him out of Mama’s last night. And just to warn you, Mama Spinelli is plotting Mrs. P.’s demise. We may get a call to bail her out of jail before the day is over.” He shook his head like nothing was going to stop Mama. “Oh and Doc, I’m sorry.”
“Thanks Leo.” I was sideswiped by a moving figure dashing out from behind one of the gigantic flower arrangements.
“There you are Doc,” Johnny exclaimed. “No time for wallowing in self-pity. Your first patient will be here in thirty, the shoot is at four, and Mr. Marks wants the final article by three tomorrow. Oh, your flight is booked for Wednesday and you are not staying at that quaint little boutique hotel you love so much. No, indeed. Mr. Pain in My Ass made me book you a suite at the Plaza Athenee. Did you hear me? A suite.” Johnny didn’t pause for an answer; instead, he forged ahead with his rant. “And, did you know the United Emirates flies direct from L.A. to Paris and the airline offers cabins? Well no, you didn’t know that. You may have thought you flew in style. Apparently, first class is for the bottom-of-the-barrel rich. At UE personal cabins have been floating out in the world of the rich and famous without us laymen knowing.” He stopped to take a few deep breaths before kicking back into gear. “Mr. P.I.M.A. threatened to take a walk on the wild side and steal Monty away from me if I didn’t comply with his demands. I’m not about to lose the best sex of my life for you, although I love you.” His pause was barely long enough to flash a semi genuine smile. “There is a little something on hold for me at Hermes. Mr. P.I.M.A. paid generously for my services. It shouldn’t be a problem for you to pick it up since your suite and Hermes are together at the Triangle d’Or. You know your way around.” He turned my stunned body toward my office door, tapped me on the ass, and said, “Run along.”
Okay, I not only couldn’t explain how I got to work, but I could not even comprehend any events since I arrived. On my desk was a hand written note from Johnny…

Don’t worry, he will find a way to make everything work.

I trusted Johnny and to survive the day, I had to believe he was right.
After my first two patients, I took some time to call my colleague about my observations of Jenna Reese. The Reese’s gave me rights to discuss their therapy with their marriage counselor. I explained to Dr. Weldon my concerns over Jenna’s apparent escape from reality. “I don’t think she is truthfully facing her inability to bear a child,” I told him. Dr. Weldon informed me that he would look into my concerns. He also agreed to stay in contact to forge a path of therapy for Jenna’s issues.
The light above my door lit, signaling my patient’s arrival. I’ve been seeing this young woman to help her overcome some fears about sex due to years of sexual abuse. “I’m engaged Dr. Boucher,” she pushed her left hand into my view. I was pleased she accepted life with a man she loved rather than allowing her fears to overshadow her happiness.
I was sad and sick over missing Dino. Burying the emotions helped my focus. Although, I was realizing my inherent ability to burrow my feelings in the sand and place focus on my career, have been inhibiting factors in my life. Unlike my patient who chose life in all its painful, messy, glory.
The session finished and I stared at my phone like a lifeline during a natural disaster. I flipped and twisted the device in my hand, contemplating texting or bravely calling Dino. On a professional level, I could clearly observe my avoidance of love for fear of suffering another loss. I have constructed a house of cards held up by my avoidance. Everything was precariously balanced around me. I had Jean, one friend, a nice home and car, and a safe routine…that was it. Oh yes, I also had plenty of money. Money that was meaningless without someone to enjoy life with. When will I take my own advice to take chances and follow my heart?
“Now,” I said to myself and hit dial. He answered on the first ring.
“Doll.”
“Come to me,” I begged.
“Already here,” he replied.
I looked up from the phone and my patient light was flickering like crazy. I swung the door open, nearly yanking my arm out of its socket. He was standing in the reception area in all his magnificence with his eyes sad and his heart open. He took my breath away despite his scruffy face and the dark circles under his eyes.
Every emotion I felt escaped my soul in a flood of tears. Dino took me into his arms and guided me to my office and shut the door. Having never seen my office he took a moment to glance at the surroundings. He sat us on the couch under my large lithograph of Lucy’s Psychiatry Booth from the Peanuts comic strip and pulled me into his lap.
“Words escape me,” I cried into Dino’s chest.
“Shh, let me hold you,” he replied with desperation as though his entire life depended on holding me, on that couch, on that random Monday in October.
I used an entire box of tissue. Pretty crying was not my forte. I cried until my emotions were soft, unlike the armor I usually carried. My tough exterior took a back seat. Sitting in Dino’s lap was all of me, the strong and the weak, the happy and the sad. The breakable.
“Don and I did not have the most amicable breakup.” I dove right in and Dino maintained an inviting silence. “However, we had been working together to raise money for some remodeling at the women’s shelter. He knew a lot of wealthy people and we had a fundraiser before our split. He created an account for the money but wanted nothing more to do with me or the project so I opened my own account for him to transfer the funds. If your mother looked deeper she would have noticed that within a week the money was transferred to the shelter.”
Dino took my face in his hands and layered his mouth through my lips and kissed with a slight sucking motion. His stubble lightly scratched my skin. “You do not have to justify anything to me. I didn’t believe a damn word of her craziness.” He pulled away and placed my head back on his chest.
“I want to tell you mostly about Clive. I loved him. When he died from a sudden aneurism, his sister found an engagement ring intended for me. He was fourteen years my senior and we started dating less than two years after my parents passed. He was good to me, he adored me, and he loved me through a very difficult time in my life. He was an eccentric man from a rich aristocratic British family. We met at Stanford. He was an art history professor, a Degas specialist. I wasn’t his student, but I quickly absorbed his love for art. He owned a rare collection of Degas sketches and practice sculptures; I became fascinated with the art world and the management of his museum quality collection. When he died the devastation I felt nearly killed me. I dove into completing my master’s and securing my acceptance to the PhD program. I completed the program in record time. I was top in my class. I excelled beyond belief and dug my pain and sorrow deeper into the ground. I remember sleeping with his engagement ring for a year until I finally put it away.” Stopping, I looked up at Dino to gauge his acceptance of my story about a man I loved so deeply. There was only love and concern in his eyes.
“A year after Clive’s death, I was contacted by his family’s lawyer and his sister. Over the years, the family’s fortune dwindled and they could no longer afford to maintain Clive’s Degas collection. They could have sold the collection to a museum or collector and made a fortune but his sister was adamant about the collection remaining tied to Clive. His family knew I had the means, and the love to protect and honor Clive’s priceless possession. My parents came from old money. Jean and I were sole beneficiaries to my parents’ and grandparents’ money.” My tears were soaking into Dino’s shirt. He lovingly stroked my back to help coax my words.
“Owning the collection is a colossal financial burden. The insurance and management team I have hired consume a good portion of my finances. The collection travels the globe. I insist a plaque travels with the exhibits. The plaque honors Clive’s life, his love for art, and his joy to have his personal collection on loan for art lovers around the world. Recently, I‘ve been considering donating the collection permanently to a museum, but I am not ready to let it go.”
Dino kissed me again, pulling at my lips and lightly teasing my tongue. His mouth moved to my cheek and a trail of kisses led way to my jaw. Admiration and love poured from his lips.
I had to stop him and finish. “Your mother also implied about the money I got when my parents died.” His forehead welded against mine in shame. “She not only wanted to run me off, but she also wanted to hurt me.”
Knowledge of the last accusation slung by his mother stung Dino, implying that was the first he heard of it. The look of shock and disgrace over his mother was painful to see. “I know she said horrible things, but why did you run instead of facing her down, facing me?”
“Because I’m afraid of losing you like Clive and my parents. I think I’m in love with you.” I have shunned love in exchange for never feeling the deep ache again. “I’ve used my career as an excuse, but the truth is I’m scared and vulnerable.”
Love melded with Dino’s sad brown eyes. “You won’t lose me. You haven’t lost Clive or your parents. They live in your heart and thrive through the ways you honor them.” His hand rested on my heart and he took my hand to rest on his. “I love you, Doll. My heart is so full it’s pushing against my chest and making it hard to breathe, exactly the way Pops said it would happen.”
Our lips fastened together in a passionate embrace. I detached our lips to run my teeth along his scruffy jaw line. The short growth of beard tickled my tongue. A barely audible moan vibrated through Dino.
Smiling I asked, “What are we going to do about the Wicked Mother of the West? You cannot shut her out,” I added with concern.
He smiled, “Don’t worry, she’ll come around. She has to.” He placed a peck on the tip of my nose. “By the way, how many evil names for my mother did you and Johnny create in one afternoon?”
I pretended to count on my fingers, “Just the two,” I teased.
A knock on my door burst our little bubble. “Come in,” I hollered.
Dino refused to let me move from his firm embrace. I twisted my neck to witness Johnny limping in with a geriatric walker and a devious grin on his face.
“Johnny, what is that for?” I asked curiously and with a little concern for the answer.
“If the two of you are going to be together I figure you will need a little assistance with walking. You’ve been wincing like you have a wedge of sand paper in your panties.” My face fell to hide in Dino’s massive chest. A loud noise took my attention. “Oh, you have visitors,” Johnny said as an afterthought. Mama Spinelli was followed in by Marcus, BB, James, and Nicole. Apparently, they traveled in a group.
Mama came to me and pushed Dino away to pull me into her side. “How are you?” she asked but didn’t wait for an answer. “I snuck into her freezer and bent all her filo dough, and then I tore her hairnets. That bitch will be cursing a storm the next time she makes baklava.”
I laughed out loud and hugged Mama like she was my long lost savior. “You are one vicious woman. Remind me never to get on your bad side.”
The FF were rummaging around my office like curious children. BB was swiveling around in my chair, pretending to teach Marcus, the confused patient, how to have sex. BB had my anatomy replicas of a woman’s vagina and a man’s penis in each hand. He held them in the air and forced them to fuck like bunnies while Marcus acted mystified. James had found my treasure chest of toys and looked like a kid at Christmas. Nicole was running around trying to get the children under control.
I spotted James doing something that had me flabbergasted. “James, did you just sniff that dildo?”
He flashed an innocent look, “What? You are the one putting the smell of sex in our heads.”
“Yes, but no one else is smelling their way around my office. Besides, I do not provide intimate demonstrations, I have a respectable practice.”
Marcus choked, “Can we put away the sex toys and stop talking about sex smells in Mama’s presence?”
Yet, playing with the anatomy replicas was acceptable?
BB attempted to initiate a change in subject, “What time is our photo shoot?”
“Four,” Johnny answered and cracked a whip just missing Dino. Dino yelped like a scared little girl.
I went to liberate my toy chest from the drooling idiots. A vibrator caught my eye and I slyly took it and snuck it into Mama’s purse.
“You did not just slip a sex toy into my mother’s purse,” Marcus growled.
I spun to look directly at him. “Marcus, if you act like your mother isn’t a woman, I am going to tell you exactly what the toy was and how it will make her scream.”
“My ears,” he cupped his hands over his ears. “I have acid in my ears,” he cried out and winced like he was in physical pain.
“Marcus have you ever thought that one reason your mother didn’t seek a man to love her like a Goddess is because she was too concerned about how her children would react?” A look of pain filled his face.
“Oh Mama,” he wrapped his arms around her. “I want you to be happy. If some man passes my test, you will have my blessing.” He tossed a dagger of a look and pointed a finger at me, “I do not want to hear about my mother’s sex life or anything about screaming.”
Nicole cleared her throat to get our attention. “We came here to support Dino and Claudette but instead the toddlers got loose.”
Johnny and Dino were both slinging whips around my office and James was knee deep in my toy chest with a string of pleasure beads hanging from his neck and cock rings around his fingers. BB was spinning in my chair with the replica of a pelvis sitting in his lap. Marcus and his mom were quietly talking to the side. Nicole stood in the middle of the mayhem rolling her eyes with frustration. I loved this crazy band of characters. I loved them to death.
Chapter 12

The comic relief continued at the photo shoot. The photographer Spencer sent fit in with our little circus. The photographer’s name was Gail and she appeared to get good shots of the store fronts with people casually meandering about. I asked her to send me a copy of a photo she took of the FF and Nicole inside the barber shop. Dino was always clean shaven. In fact, he generally indulged in one of Nicole’s afternoon shaves at the shop. Today however, he was sporting a dark shadow and he looked sexy as hell. Tomorrow I will be feeling the burn from his scruff on my neck, breasts, inner thighs, and…
“Claudette,” Nicole barked to get my attention. “Gail asked you a question,” Nicole’s eyes bugged out and she tilted her head to gesture for me to respond.
“Oh sorry, I was…um…daydreaming.” A blush reddened my cheeks and I felt like fanning myself. “What did you ask?” I tried to shake my thoughts.
Dino leaned against my back and whispered, “What’s got your panties all twisted, Doll? Thinking of me?” He pushed his erection against my skirt.
To hell with embarrassment. I turned my body and took Dino’s mouth and kissed him with a fierceness that could pass for public indecency. He grabbed my ass and pulled me against his hardness. My loud moan was barely absorbed by Dino’s lips and I clung to him like a life preserver tossed to a woman overboard.
Dino’s feet stepped one by one backwards. My feet followed like a sexy tango with our embrace tight and urgent. He guided me to the back office. The door shut with the force of my back pushing against the firm surface. The slam shook the walls.
Dino’s hands worked swiftly to free his impressiveness and push my skirt to my hips. I wrapped my legs around Dino’s hips and he held my weight in his arms with some support from the door at my back. With one finger Dino moved the crotch of my panties away from my opening and plunged deep inside me. The initial contact felt powered with more sensation than I remembered from just a few days ago.
In the next instant, Dino lifted me up over his erection and pulled out. Wincing he said, “I forgot the condom.” He allowed one of my feet to hit the ground for balance while he pulled a condom out of his pocket. Seconds passed and he was sheathed and back inside me. I locked my ankles behind Dino’s back and held on for dear life.
Dino drove into me with unabashed intensity. I was a rag doll in his arms, completely submitted and intoxicated with need. “Doll, don’t ever walk away from me,” he demanded pulling me down on his thick shaft. “Please fight for me. I need to be enough for you to fight for. I cannot lose you.” Each plea was hammered deep in my core. I heard and felt his ache, the ache of fear, vulnerability, and sheer pleasure that I too, had familiarity.
My head fell against the door with a loud thump that must have been heard through the barbershop. “I’m close,” I cried. Dino responded by kissing me fervently until my extremities quivered around him and my orgasm ripped through my body. Dino’s release came with a final thrust that I thought would wrench the hinges off the door frame.
My feet met the floor and Dino sunk into me, suffocating my fears. “I love you,” he said.
“I missed you and love you too,” I replied.
“Marry me?” He asked without the usual absurdity in his delivery.
Tears welled in my eyes and I was crying before my “No” sounded.
Gentle thumbs wiped away my tears. “Don’t cry,” he said with his lips pressed lightly on my cheek.
“I missed my proposal yesterday.” Admittedly, I looked forward to the quirky moment in the day when Dino would ask me to marry him.
A knock startled me. I flinched and yelped at the sound of the intrusion.
Nicole’s voice called through the hard wood, “Gail wants to leave. Do you need anything else?”
My voice cracked with humiliation, “No…all good.”
Dino hugged me, “Sorry if pulling you in here has caused embarrassment. You had a look of pure lust on your face and I had to have you.”
My fingers moved to his scruffy beard, “I like this look on you.” My smile was seductive and my fingers danced over his stubble.
“Keep your hands and mind to yourself. We need to get out of here, not start all over.” He pushed away from me and disposed of the condom.
We made ourselves as presentable as two people who just fucked like wild dingoes against a door could appear, and went to face the shame.
Johnny had a sly grin on his face, “Want me to go get the walker out of the car for you, Doll?”
“Fuck you Johnny,” I said in an attempt to act offended by his offer. Instantly, I knew I opened the door for a snide remark.
“We are all going to need to get fucked tonight after listening to that,” he pointed toward the office.
Instinctively, I sought out Dino for some support but he was standing with Nicole and the guys sharing a silent but telling moment. I thought for sure James would have been the first to jump in with a sarcastic sexual comment. The FF were staring at each other in awe like Mel’s spirit was huddled with them saying, ‘That’s what it will look like boys, when the One comes for you.’ Marcus glanced my way with a look of worship like he was witnessing a living and breathing miracle.
These men never ceased to amaze me.

~   ~   ~

Dino made arrangements for my car to be driven by someone other than me, again. This time however, that someone was Johnny. Dino wanted desperately to be my personal chauffer home and to work in the morning.
“Oh yes, I’ll take her car. I have a date tonight with Monty.” Johnny clapped his hands like he won a prize.
I cringed, “I do not want a drop of body fluids on the upholstery.” I was considering purchasing a second car like a Toyota or Honda for Dino to dole out to people.
Johnny had a telling look on his face that served as a warning for his looming comment. I recoiled to take it like a strong woman. “Us boys swallow every drop,” he said with pride.
And like a woman, because no man would allow Johnny to take their car, I waved goodbye to my vehicle. Dino pulled me tight and whispered, “No worries Doll, you’ll like our ride tonight.”
Oh crap. The Harley. “I am not dressed to get on a motorcycle.” As much as I’d love to straddle my legs around him and enjoy the vibration of the engine, I wasn’t prepared.
He opened the passenger door of a car parked behind the shop. The car oozed masculinity. It was black with a thick set of white stripes from the nose to the tail. There was some kind of hump on the hood like that car from Back to the Future, but I knew it wasn’t the same make of car.
I looked at Dino with surprise; I didn’t picture him owning anything with four wheels. “What? Don’t you think I own a vehicle? A man’s got to get around in the rain.”
Poor explanation, it only rained five days out of the year in Los Angeles.
I lowered onto the leather seat. The car was definitely older than me but in pristine condition. It was the kind of car you saw randomly on display in a parking lot, with the hood open, and a bunch of old farts awing at the supposedly impressive machine. The seat was flat and wide, with safety restraints that sat across my lap like an airline seatbelt. The black interior was decorated with chrome trim and the steering wheel looked like a thin polished piece of wood. No wonder people gathered in grocery store parking lots to gawk. This car was pretty damn impressive.
“What kind of car is this?” I asked once Dino shut the driver’s side door.
He laughed. Although, nothing I asked was funny. “Do you have an aversion to my modes of transportation?” He palmed the dashboard with a consoling motion as though I uttered something offending. “This isn’t a car, Doll. This is a 1967 Ford Mustang Shelby GT500. She’s a muscle car.”
Okay, I’ve heard of the term muscle car before. “If this car is a she, then she is definitely androgynous, because there is more masculinity fuming from this car than out of your pants.”
Dino smirked and started the engine. The thunder vibrated through my body and possibly knocked a couple organs out of kilter. Clearly Dino had a fascination with loud, obnoxious, modes of transportation. I rolled my eyes at him and sat back to enjoy the ride.
We hit rush hour traffic and the rumble of the engine was putting me to sleep. Before I fell into a slumber, Dino lifted my hand to his mouth and kissed my knuckles and said, “I love you.” His words, a lullaby.
“I love you too,” my voice sounded far away in la-la-land.
I woke to Dino opening my car door and reaching across my body to unfasten the seatbelt. “We’re here,” he whispered in my ear and sucked my lobe.
One glance at my surroundings and I thought…Here looked like Tony Stark’s garage and I definitely hoped Robert Downey, Jr. would stride in, sans his Iron Man suit. The space had a flawless array of work benches, cabinets, and tools lined up along the front wall. Two large-screen TV’s were visible in the work space and a huge computer sat on a desk next to a neat pile of automobile guides and car magazines. Two more muscle cars were parked next to the Mustang and a Porsche SUV. The Porsche looked mundane beside three Harleys. Had Dino driven a different bike every day and I didn’t have the sense to notice?
The only thing missing were posters of scantily clad women with their breasts resting on the hood of some fancy car. I flung around when I heard the garage door closing and not to disappoint, the car babes were displayed in pristine frames along the opposite wall between the massive garage doors.
“Dino, where are we? I’m expecting James Bond to come marching through to pick up his latest gadgets for an important mission.”
Dino laughed at me, as usual. “I just needed to stop and pick up a few things. We’ll take the Cayenne to your place. She’ll be more comfortable for you.” He placed me in front of him and rubbed the back of my neck as we walked.
“Why do you have the Porsche? It doesn’t really compliment your he-man transportation style.”
My question seemed to hit a sensitive nerve because Dino’s face paled. I didn’t offend the Porsche, did I? In fact, my last car was a Cayenne but Dino’s Turbo S, with what appeared to have all the bells and whistles, probably cost three times my pathetic base model. What could I have said to distress him?
“Don’t get upset. I bought the Porsche to take my mom to church on Sundays. The noisy cars, as she calls them, embarrass her.” He looked downright ashamed.
Not wanting Dino to think everything about his mom would turn my stomach, I did my best to show little emotion over his comment. Had Dino said the muscle cars were too low for his mother’s aching hip, or the trunk space didn’t offer enough room for her trays of baklava, then I would not have found the situation revolting. But she refused to have Dino escort her to Greek functions in the type of car that suited his persona because the cars were a spectacle.
“Well I like the Porsche too, but I love the noisy cars, they complete your style,” I raised my eyebrows and winked.
“No, Doll. You. Complete. Me,” he said teasingly, mimicking the famous, and over used, movie line.
“Oh Romeo, that was corny.” We laughed in each other’s arms. “Hey, would you mind if we stay here? I’m exhausted and emotionally spent.” I also thought I would love to curl up on the couch with Dino and finish my article.
We decided on Thai food and Dino agreed to let me spend a couple hours on the computer. Dino caught up on some chopper show he liked and did his best to leave me alone.
“Can we talk about condoms?” I asked.
“Sure,” he was still staring at the TV. “Are you going to tell me how they are made, who invented them, or what brand is best?” His interest was somewhere between low and lower.
“No, I want to feel you bare against me, so I wondered if you would get tested.” That got his attention.
He flew across the couch and placed my computer on the table. “I was tested shortly before I met you. I was going through a…um…uninterested spell with the usual suspects. I haven’t been with anyone except you since I was tested.” He was grinning like a child reaching for a huge orb of melting chocolate ice-cream.
“Well I’m clean. I haven’t been with anyone for a year and I take birth control pills.” God, I take my pills religiously. I wasn’t anywhere near ready for children.
“Oh Fuck. When I entered you in the office it took every ounce of will power I had to pull you off me. I’ve never played bare and you felt so good,” he hummed into my neck. “The sensation was more than I could have ever dreamed.” He covered my body with his and pushed his hard wedge against my pelvis. “I want to come in you. I need to come in you,” he chanted.
Dino pulled down the boxer briefs he let me borrow and freed my body from his oversized t-shirt. He lifted us up from the couch and carried me to his bedroom with my arms and legs clinging to him like a monkey.
In what seemed like one motion, Dino yanked his sweat pants down, placed us on the bed, and entered me. He stilled deep inside, likely to command some control. He kissed me softly, “Nothing has ever been this good.”
My muscles were pulling him in and every sensation in my body was begging to feel his thickness in motion. I locked my legs around his back and begged, “Take me Dino.”
“Shhh,” he urged and used his hands to untangle my legs. He rubbed soothing strokes along my sides. “Easy. Let me savor you. Let me make love to you.” His words poured over me like a syrupy confection.
My body was on fire and Dino sensed my tension. “Easy,” he crooned. “I’m going to make you come first,” he said in a soothing voice and pulled out leaving me bereft.
I gasped at the empty feeling. Dino chuckled and moved down my body, “No hardware tonight. Just my tongue.”
I was going to come by simply listening to him. All semblance of control escaped my body when Dino separated my legs, and blew air over my exposed and aching clitoris. He kept me on the bed with his forearm firmly resting across my pelvis and hips. I felt him smile over my sex, he was enjoying my responses.
He licked and moaned, “You taste sweet, like caramel.” And because he learned what I liked, he hummed against me. He stroked my protruding crux with his tongue and slid one finger past my wet opening to my anus. Applying pressure with the pad of his finger he said, “I will have this one day.” My anus pulsed for more contact, practically pulling his finger inside. Dino eased his finger around my puckered entrance and continued his drive to please me with his tongue. My body raged for relief, every muscle tightened and my breath was trapped deep in my lungs. A throaty, loud sigh escaped with my exhale when the impending orgasm pounded through me. Dino stroked me with his tongue to slowly exhaust my release.
I was so far gone that I didn’t register Dino’s movement until I was kissing my flavor from his lips. The words “I love you,” were mixed with the loud pulsing between my ears when Dino plunged deep inside me. His bare shaft tugged at my sensitive skin with every thrust. My spent body revitalized over the pleasure.
Dino was kissing me, but all I wanted was to breathe through the insane pleasure of feeling him deep within my grasp. I slipped my incisor through his lip ring, “Just fuck me Dino. Focus only on your cock inside me.” I held him by the ring and we breathed in each other, shut our eyes, and rode through our bliss.
“Can you come again, I’m close?” he asked with a strained voice.
I released the ring and locked my ankles around his back to get more friction where I needed it most. “Yes,” my reply was breathy and stressed. I moved under him with all my strength to drag his girth over my throbbing clit. Dino was high above me and resting his forehead on the headboard. Our eyes were locked onto each other as we progressed toward release.
“You are fucking sexy,” he said shutting his eyes unable to hold on much longer.
I uttered a series of unintelligible cries and then I quivered with the pleasure of my climax. Dino shouted, “Fuck,” and stilled, ejaculating into my begging heat. His warm fluid enhanced the final pulses of pleasure. He jolted when I contracted my hips for one last thrust.
Easing back up to the pillow, I pulled Dino down and kissed the soft area below his eye. “I love you,” I said and moved my lips to his cheek. “I love your scruff,” my lips continued trailing, “I love your tongue,” I sucked his tongue, “I love your lips, I love your hardware,” I grabbed the ring in my teeth, “I love your cock, I love your mind, I love your heart, I love everything about you.”
Dino hummed into my kiss, “The thing I love most about you is watching you fuck me like nothing but your impending orgasm exists. You lose yourself and it’s sexy as hell.”
I felt him softening inside me. We remained locked together until my eyes started closing. Dino shifted to move and instinctively I tightened my hold. “Let me clean you up and we can sleep.” He left me and returned with a warm, moist wash cloth. Dino cleaned me with extreme care, wadded up the cloth and tossed it through the bathroom door.
“Hold me all night?” I sweetly beseeched.
“You can count on it,” he replied and spooned against my body.
I could live forever in his warm, strong arms.
“Thank you for calling me today. I love you.” Dino whispered in my ear and I fell asleep completely at peace.

~   ~   ~

The next morning I woke to Dino trying to climb under my skin. I traced the design of the figurehead on his arm and noticed for the first time that the face of the angel was blurred. She looked beautiful, but now I saw she was faceless. My reverie was distracted by Dino nudging into my wet opening. I lifted my leg over his knee and welcomed his morning erection.
He nuzzled into my nape, sending wild streams of erotic pleasure through my body. We didn’t utter a word. The only sound was our breathing and the slick noise of Dino’s length sliding inside me. We wallowed in the easy enjoyment of sleepy, morning sex.
When Dino was expelling his seed inside me he said, “Good morning, Doll.”
I was still too involved with my orgasm to speak, which entertained Dino.
We showered and dressed. I would be boasting the walk of shame today wearing the same clothes from yesterday. Thankfully, I hand washed my underwear and hung them to dry. “Dino, I cannot live forever without a change of clothes.” I cringed at the memory of facing down his mother in my birthday suit. “And if I don’t start up my morning runs again, I’m going to get fat.”
“We’ll go to your place tonight. I am not letting you sleep one night without me; I already have to give you up for a week.” Shaving cream smeared my face when he kissed me. “As for the running, I will run with you in the morning on the beach.”
When did I give up on insisting Dino asked instead of commanded? He placed his razor in the cabinet and removed the towel from around his waist to wipe his face. The answer to my internal question stood erect before me. I held up my hand to stop Dino’s advancement. I had early morning patients and Johnny would be relentless if I showed up to work smelling like sex. Bad enough, I didn’t have a change of clothes.
Chapter 13

“I will attempt staying awake to soak up the luxury this time,” I declared since everyone teased me for sleeping the entire flight to Paris. Well, not everyone, just Johnny and Marie.
“Sleep is a luxury. I bought the cabin so you would be rested when you get back to me.” He groaned into the phone, “I miss you.”
“I miss you too. I’m sorry I didn’t stay in the overpriced accommodations you set up for me.” Jean and Marie insisted I stayed with them. Except Marie made me stay one night at the Plaza Athenee so she could get a look inside my suite.
“No worries. Just get home to me.” His eyes saddened, “How was saying goodbye to your brother?”
“A little sad. They are going to visit L.A. when the baby is about six months old.”
The flight attendant stopped by my cabin to warn about storing my phone for takeoff.
“You have to go, Doll. I’ll be out of my mind waiting for you. I love you,” he blew me a kiss.
“When I get home I am never going to talk to you again through this five inch screen. I hated seeing you, but not being able to reach out and touch you,” I pouted.
“Me too. Now put your phone on airplane mode and get home safely.”
“Bye Dino.” I regretfully ended the call.
I slipped off my boots and wrapped the warm, plush blanket from my personal storage cabinet around my shoulders. I was cold, overly exhausted, and disjointed from saying goodbye to Jean and missing Dino. Jean thought for certain that I was ill because I didn’t shop the entire trip except my quick stop at Hermes to pick up Johnny’s gift. Oh, and the one lingerie shop for Dino’s surprise.
The focus of the trip should have been on Amalie, but Jean and Marie were more interested in Dino. The FF bought cute t-shirts for Amalie that read, my aunt is hot, my aunt rocks, my aunt is the bomb. Nicole bought Marie a Petunia Pickle diaper bag adorned with girly skulls and crossbones. Johnny packed porn for Jean to survive the next six weeks without sex.
But it was the cute denim jacket embroidered with a Harley and the statement, Dino loves my aunt scrolled across the back that caught Jean and Marie’s attention. I told them all about my turbulent love affair with the hot Greek God. I also informed them about the Wicked Mother of the West. However, I could have told them Mrs. P. was a serial killer and they would not have ended their love obsession with Dino.
Dino had breakfast and dinner delivered to the flat during my visit from some of the best patisseries and restaurants around Paris. Jean and Marie ended up video conferencing with Dino more than I, thanking him and ogling over his generosity. Once I walked into the room and Jean and Marie were passing my phone to each other with jubilant animation. They were conferencing with Dino at the barbershop and meeting the other members of the FF and Nicole.
Thank God for Amalie, she seemed to be happy to spend time with me. At one lonely point, I held Amalie close and said, “Your mom and dad are in love with my new boyfriend and forgot I’m here. At least you love me.” She gurgled and smiled, it was probably gas.
“I don’t know about Jean, but I have completely fallen head over heels in love with Dino and the others,” Marie teased.
Jean piped in, “Me too. Dino is going to teach me to ride one of his Harley’s when we visit.”
I placed my hand on Jean’s shoulder and with a serious tone I said, “Silly boy, dicks are for chicks.” Jean’s face turned puce. He hated when I was crude.
“You two have turned into old farts. It’s kind of gross how desperately you are trying to live vicariously through my smoking-hot boyfriend.” I huffed and walked out of the room with their newborn. Someone had to have a head on their shoulders, and it was frightening that it was Miss-I’m-Not-Having-Children-Until-I’m-40.
Overall, the trip was wonderful and I was happy Dino bonded with my family. Now, all I could think of was holding Dino.
Desperately, I wanted to stay awake and partake in the opulent platinum class facilities but I knew my chair would recline, my cabin door would shut, and I would sleep the whole way home. Johnny was going to have a fit over my pathetic attempt to fly with the rich and famous.
To avoid disappointing Johnny, I woke about two hours before landing in Los Angles and freshened up in one of the spa like facilities. I then sat at the bar, ordered a cappuccino, and ate some of the aperitifs offered. I snapped pictures of the bathroom, bar, and my personal cabin to appease Johnny and Marie.
Resting in my cabin for the last fifteen minutes before landing, I became anxious to see Dino. I thought about how well Dino reacted to Clive’s engagement ring last week.
I forgot to put away the ring on Monday morning before work. On Tuesday night, Clive’s engagement ring sat like a beacon on my nightstand. Dino’s eyes caught sight of the ring, and surely his heart flinched at the implication.
“Sunday night was the first time in nine years I slept with Clive’s ring,” I said realizing my explanation was weak.
Dino kindly responded, “Doll, I’m glad you had someone to love you when you needed comfort the most.”
My heart swelled when I remembered saying, “You’re wrong Dino. I need love more now than ever, and you are the man loving me.” I meant it and my need to be with Dino strengthened.
When the cabin lights lit, I flew out of my luxury cocoon and navigated to the passport check. After retrieving my luggage, my attempts to hurry were thwarted by a bottleneck in customs. I was crawling out of my skin with anticipation to see Dino, probably making me look guilty for smuggling raw meat or some other contaminant into the United States.
Finally, I reached the front of the line and the customs official ushered me to the short line at the exit. Thank God. I hiked up the ramp and at the top I scanned the perimeter of the control stanchions for Dino.
“Doll,” Dino hollered and my eyes followed the voice. He pushed through the people and flung his legs over the stanchion despite the outcries from airport officials. Releasing my luggage, I threw my arms and legs around him. He kissed me passionately and applause erupted around us. Tears were streaming down my face. I missed him with every fiber of my being.
Dino placed me on my feet, grabbed my luggage handles, and escorted me through the Tom Bradley International Airport to his Cayenne parked in the nearest lot. He secured me in the passenger seat and hastily threw my luggage in the back. Dino’s lips were against mine within moments of entering the car. I unbuckled and climbed into his lap.
“I missed you,” he said trying to catch his breath.
I knew I needed to get off his lap, but I wanted him, I needed him, and I was cursing wearing jeans instead of a skirt. I rubbed against his straining jeans and dug my hands under his shirt searching for bare skin. A loud honk stopped me just shy of pulling his shirt off. Someone was waiting for our parking space. And people complained the French were rude.
Dino put a stop to my madness, “The sooner we get home, the faster I will be inside you.”
His reasoning appealed to my logic and I moved back to the passenger seat.
The drive home was unbearable. Our heavy petting got out of control. I removed my boots and jeans and Dino drove one-handed because his other hand was busy climbing inside me. I freed Dino’s cock and stroked him. I was happy for tinted glass windows.
Words were not once uttered by either of us until I leapt into Dino’s lap as the garage door was closing behind us. “Fuck, I missed you,” Dino said as my hand guided him inside me.
We went at it like rabid animals; my only concern was driving us to orgasm. The moment was consuming and Dino filled me, but his love engrossed my soul. I came with a force that nearly tore my body in half. Dino’s release followed as soon as my muscles started contracting around his penis.
“Nothing better,” Dino breathed. “When you come I can feel your muscles milking my dick to let go.” He nuzzled into me and said, “I had a whole romantic plan for your return until you jumped me.”
I blew on my nails and polished them against my shirt, “One of us had to have the smarts to get the edge off.”
“You are smart, and beautiful,” he said.
Smart maybe, but at that moment, I was anything but beautiful after a week of eating rich French foods and traveling for over a dozen hours. But through Dino’s eyes I truly felt beautiful and cherished. I lowered my head to rest on his shoulder.
“Mmmm Doll…not that I am complaining, I’m more than happy to put this seat back and stay here all night with you on top of me, but are we going to enter the house?” Dino asked with his arms tight around me as though he really was happy to stay.
Opening the driver’s side door, I exited with a huff. Dino followed and pulled me into the house. He didn’t stop until we were in his bathroom. Finally, I was going to get a luxury bath at Dino’s house. He reached over the tub and turned on the faucet, “Wait here. I’ll get your luggage.”
I poured some ginger scented bath crystals into the water along with citrus oil. The tub was inset and made of marble. Easing down the two steps into the tub I gently lowered my body into the warm water. I was anticipating the shock of cold marble against my skin but like the shower, the tub had heaters. A cushioned bath pillow caught my eye and I placed it behind my head to relax, absorbed by the aromatherapy and hot water.
Dino must have snuck in because I didn’t expect his touch. He placed his hands over my eyes and softly spoke, “Keep your eyes closed until I say you can open them. Okay?”
I nodded. I heard the slide of a zipper and the ruffling of clothes. The temptation to peek at Dino’s firm physic was quickly thwarted by a reprimand, “Keep them closed.” A smile overtook my face. He didn’t say I couldn’t smile.
The essence of mint began filling the bathroom, candles I assumed. My senses were on overload trying to figure out what Dino was up to. I heard a slight clink of dishes, shuffling of his feet, and the placement of something at the corner of the tub. At the last stretch of my patience Dino touched me on the shoulder, “Keep‘em closed. I’m going to slide in behind you.”
His foot hit the water and the first track of my all-time favorite CD began playing, with Emmylou Harris’s voice singing Where Will I Be. Dino nudged me forward to accommodate his body. He kissed my ear and said, “I’m ready, you can open those pretty blues.”
I first noticed the lights were out and clusters of candles filled the bathroom reflecting light over the shiny marble surfaces. Thanking Dino and telling him how beautiful everything looked was on the tip of my tongue, but lodged behind a lump of overwhelming gratitude. I was floating through an empty life less than a few weeks ago and now my life spilled over with love.
Sensing my emotions, Dino wrapped his strong arms around me. I looked down at his tattooed arm to find it wrapped up. “I finished her face,” he explained. “You are the woman guiding me through rough waters…my vision…my eyes when I cannot see. My love for you is testimony of my existence and marks me as a man worthy of a happy life.”
My voice cracked to speak.
“Don’t say anything, just let me hold you.” If possible, I eased further into him and took notice of more surprises.
Sitting on the corner of the tub was a beautiful frame with a picture of me holding Amalie. I gasped.
“My new buddy Jean helped me.”
“Dino,” my voice splintered off without further vocalization.
“Shh,” he hummed and rocked me gently like a small child. He reached a mug that was sitting next to us. “Drink some tea before it gets too cold.”
I sipped the tea, mint tea with ginger, of course my favorite.
Easing back against his body, I closed my eyes and sang along with Emmylou to Goodbye. Dino lightly rocked with the beat. Goodbye finished and then I sang All My Tears.
“You have a beautiful voice. If I had to choose between losing my sight or my hearing I would pick sight. I’ve studied you endlessly; you are permanently etched in my mind. Your voice, however, is so unique. I could never live without hearing you sing and laugh.” Dino held me through another song, “Let me wash you and take you to bed and make slow love to you.” He soaped up a sponge and cleaned my body with care and I melted through Dino’s magical scalp rub.
Dino insisted on drying my hair when we got out of the tub. I was wrapped in a thick terry cloth robe and propped on the vanity. Standing directly in front of me, with my legs straddling him, he reached around my body with the blow dryer and brushed my hair with his fingers and dried each strand.
I kept distracting him by kissing his neck, tickling his lip ring, and trying to pull off his towel.
The beautiful close to our reunion was the slow, long, session of love making Dino promised. He kept me on the precipice of release for an eternity before we both fell together and crashed into a sated sleep.
The next day continued in a slumber. “Are you feeling alright?” Dino asked with concern.
“I’m tired and I have a headache.” Truthfully, I was exhausted, my head was pounding, and I was having difficulty taking a deep breath without coughing. Johnny canceled my sessions for the day, but I couldn’t call off my radio show.
“How did you know about my love for Emmylou Harris?” I asked as we drove to the station. Dino insisted on driving me.
“I think you are unaware of your constant singing and humming,” he said with a tease. “It wasn’t easy putting together the Emmylou Harris connection…there’s a Hendrix song, Lucinda Williams, Dylan, and Young. When I researched, those songs had one voice in common, and imbedded in my mind was your voice harmonizing with Emmylou Harris.” He patted my lap, “The mint tea with ginger was all Johnny.”
Through a fractured voice, I tried to reply but came up short of words.
Dino placed his hand on my nape, “The fact that you are choked up over last night is thanks enough. If you feel up to it tonight, you can sing the Steve Earle song for me at Spinelli’s.”
Our friends wanted to meet tonight after my show. Dino would have to sing and I did not want to head home alone. “It’s a sad song for me,” I said, not wanting to depress the mood at the bar.
“I know, but you sing it beautifully.” We got lost in the songs on the radio until we reached the broadcast station.
My show was about male and female G-spots. I talked in length about finding the special places on the male and female anatomy. Brandon had to turn down hundreds of interested callers with questions. Discussions about male orgasms were plenty, especially after I explained possible reactions to milking the gland for extended male pleasure. My free and open discussions about sexual anatomy and orgasms had Dino sitting quietly next to me, squirming in his seat and sweating at his temples.
The show ended and Dino looked like he was ready for a cold shower before we reached Spinelli’s. “You okay there?” I asked staring at the bulge straining in his jeans while he drove.
“How can you talk about that stuff and be totally unaffected?” he asked exasperated.
“I’m only affected when I am thinking about you, otherwise it is work. Think of my shows as a public service announcement. Everyone has the right to great sex and I’m just offering my listeners a little nudge in the best direction.”
“I don’t think I will ever be sated with you. I’m fucking dealing with constant wood like a fifteen year old boy. I keep waiting for my need to become at least bearable; contrarily the ache worsens every minute.”
I slipped into a coughing rage and I dug in my purse for some ibuprofen. My head was pounding and all I wanted to do was sleep. I slept constantly this past week at my brother’s house, but I needed more.
Dino leaned over to place a hand on my forehead, “How are you feeling? You feel a little warm. I can take you home if you’re not well.”
I shook my head, “I want to be with you and sing something.”
Dino sang along to songs on the radio. His smooth voice soothed like waves hitting the shore and spilling back out to sea. Although singing other artists’ songs, he maintained his own style, a sexy rasp and a deep growl that were unmistakably his signature.

~   ~   ~

Dino pulled up to Spinelli’s valet and Dominic rushed to my door, “Doc, we missed you,” he hugged me like a long lost friend.
“Thanks Dominic, it’s nice to see your handsome young face.” He blushed profusely.
James was the first to greet us and he took me into a big bear hug, but didn’t remove his eyes from Dino. “Has she done that multiple orgasm and G-spot thing to you?” he asked Dino. James must have been one of the callers who never got through.
Dino’s smile told a world of tales. “Fuck,” James said with astonishment. “Can she do it to me?” he begged Dino.
BB and Marcus walked up to save James from a punch in the jaw. They pulled me into hugs, “We got to meet your niece, brother, and Marie,” Marcus announced. “They are going to come see us soon.” I cannot blame my family for pushing me aside for these charismatic men, I would do the same.
Mama ushered us to the bar and noticed my struggles to be social. “You’re not feeling well,” she stated. “I have just the thing for you.” Her little Italian legs scurried off. Johnny, Montgomery, and Nicole came bounding in with exuberant greetings. I noticed the photographer, Gail in tow. I winked at Nicole and she widened her eyes with an Oh-My-God smirk. I was too occupied with Dino during the photo shoot to catch the connection. I was happy for Nicole.
Mama brought Dino a large plate of spaghetti with two enormous meatballs and a beer. I got a bowl of Italian wedding soup, a tall glass of water, and something else in a clear glass mug. “It’s warm brandy with a slice of orange and honey. It’ll help you feel better.” Mama smiled and watched me take a sip. The warm liquid coated my throat and tasted delicious. A pleased Mama Spinelli tapped me on the back and bounded away. She seemed exceptionally happy tonight.
We ate our dinners and chatted with our friends. The brandy and soup helped my throat, but my fatigue and headache lingered.
After a short set, Dino asked me to sing, and although I felt under the weather, I didn’t want to disappoint him. He seemed especially anxious for me to sing.
“Singing has always been good therapy for me,” I shared with the crowd. “This song was written by a man struggling with addiction, but the magic of song lyrics is that they can speak to us for various reasons. This song reminds me of the people I lost unexpectedly, and never got a chance to say goodbye.”
While manipulating the guitar strings to test the sound, I met the anticipatory gazes from the audience. Spotting Mrs. P. at the back of the bar gave me a shock, our eyes met, I nodded in her direction, but her icy façade wasn’t to be chiseled away by my greeting. Dino was still standing at my side and he leaned to my ear and quietly explained, “I wanted her to hear you sing. Don’t be upset.”
I stopped fingering the strings and placed my hand on Dino’s cheek. Love poured through my gaze to assure him his good intentions didn’t trouble me. He stepped away; I cleared my throat and started over with Goodbye, “One, Two…One, Two, Three, Four.”
The mood from the song tightened my throat with grief and it took effort to vocalize at an audible tone. My eyes remained shut from the first chord to the last chorus, losing myself in the moment. Tears flowed over my cheeks; the chorus ached in my heart. I finished to a disturbingly silent bar, despite the full capacity. Most eyes were saddened, taking their personal aches from the lyrics. I swiped my tears away with the back of my hand and a low applause broke out.
The FF moved to take the stage, but I put a hand up to stop them. I wasn’t feeling well, I felt hot and drops of sweat dripped down my back, but I wanted to sing something for Dino. “Sometimes I find the best way to express myself is through a song,” I told the audience and watched the FF retreat. I looked directly into Dino’s eyes, “I love you. I’m struggling with finding words worthy of the feelings you elicit. I’m crushed.”
I began strumming the Dave Matthews Band’s Crush. I fought my nature to shut my eyes and close myself off to the world. Instead, I sang directly to Dino. My naked soul poured out my emotions as though we were the only two people in the room. I replaced the verse Lovely Lady with Lovely Baby. Midway through the song I did a little Dave’esk jam and the crowd reminded me of their presence with appreciative cheers.
Dino swayed with the beat and sang along in many places. Noticeably he was besieged with emotion too. His eyes shut several times, like he was working at memorizing the moment. My voice wasn’t at full ability, but Dino didn’t seem to care.
At the song’s end, I got up from the stool to bow and felt lightheaded. A hot flush crept up my chest to my face and the room spun with a whirl. I grabbed onto the microphone stand for support and tumbled. Dino’s frantic voice shouted for someone to call nine-one-one. I blacked out at the sight of blood gushing from my head.
Chapter 14

I regained consciousness in the ambulance with Dino’s concerned eyes staring down at me. “You’re okay. Just relax. We are taking you to Cedars Sinai, Johnny said you have a primary care doctor there.”
I nodded and winced at the pain. My head hurt, which I expected but somehow my whole body ached like I fell down a cliff. Strength was completely depleted from my limbs and I was fighting to stay awake. The paramedics were probing me and asking questions about allergies and medications, I answered, but kept dozing off. I tried clinging to Dino’s hand to stay aware, but sleep won in the end.
When I woke I was in a hospital bed and I could hear Dino screaming at someone. Then Johnny’s voice broke in, “Man, you are going to end up arrested if you keep fighting the hospital staff. I will stay with her and call you the second she can approve your visit.”
“Approve,” Dino spat venomously. “I brought her here, she’s mine. I don’t give a shit about hospital rules. My next breath is lost without her. Their rules will kill me.” Marcus, BB, and James were working to talk down security and remove Dino.
Johnny peered around the curtain separating me from the mayhem. I waved and smiled with a pained smirk. “She’s awake,” Johnny called out with reprieve and moved closer.
From further away I heard Dino holler frantically, “Let me see her.”
Johnny rolled his eyes. “Tame him,” he demanded me.
The curtain flew open with a velocity that nearly launched the thin cloth to flight. “Doll,” Dino buried his head in my neck. I winced at the contact. My skin hurt. “They wouldn’t let me see you. Some fucked up hospital rule. Did you know you have a health directive with Jean, a man ten thousand miles away, and Johnny? I think Johnny wants to harm me. I came this close,” he held his fingers an inch apart, “from spending the night in jail. I aged ten years in the last…”
With all my residual strength I put my hand to his mouth to stop his rampage.
“Marry me?” he asked through my fingers.
“No,” but I wanted to say yes. “What happened?”
A hospital administrator entered my little space. Dino growled like a wild dog. “Dr. Boucher,” he said my name with extreme care to avoid spooking Dino. “I need you to sign some release papers and Mr. Pantopoulos needs to be included as an approved health representative if you wish.” The administrator continued with caution, “Are you accepting to be released to Mr. Pantopoulos’ care?”
I turned to face Dino, “Yes.” The meaning of my answer did not escape Dino. “Have you been causing trouble, Romeo?” A crack in his concern leaked through a small, telling, smile.
As we finished with the administrative formalities, a young, good-looking doctor entered and stood at the foot of my bed. Dino made that same animal sound deep in his throat. The anticipation of pain stopped me from rolling my eyes.
Johnny, however, couldn’t resist saying something to poke fun at Dino. “The nurse slipped me a sedative. I shot him in the ass,” he said pointedly to the doctor.
“Dr. Boucher, I’m Dr. Burges. You had an ugly fall, your CT scan and lab results are complete. You have bacterial pneumonia and must have gotten light-headed before your fall. I put a few staples in your head. Your scan does not show any concussion or deeper damage, though you will want to watch the swelling. I am sending you home with strict instructions to rest and drink fluids. When you came in your fever was unusually high for an adult. That is your body’s way of fighting the infection. You will be on an antibiotic. I have also given you a cough suppressant. Take acetaminophen or ibuprofen according to dosage directions to keep your fever down. Follow up with your primary care physician, in a week or if you are not feeling better in a few days. Dr. Shaw will look at your cut in a week and can determine when he will remove the staples. Do you have any questions?”
“My newborn niece…”
Dino cut me off, “I already called Jean. They took Amalie to her doctor and she is fine.”
They already took Amalie to the doctor? How long have I been in the ER? My questions were answered when we exited the hospital, pre-dawn, with Mama, Johnny, Nicole, and the boys in tow. The unity of love I felt hadn’t been this strong since my parents were alive. Back then I was blind to my fortune, I now see clearly.

~   ~   ~

Two days passed and Dino took me to Dr. Shaw in hysterics. His mother’s wrath was pleasant compared to a worried Dino. Dino cared for me around the clock, but my fever wasn’t subsiding. In fact, Dr. Shaw gave me fluids intravenously and ran more tests. The only explanation was the flu atop my lungs feeling like they were trying to escape my body through every cough.
My tether to consciousness was worn thin. I slept most hours of the day with Dino wrapped around me when I had chills and stripping me during fits of fever. I heard Dino call Mama and ask her for help, exhaustion filled his plea. Dr. Shaw suggested some cool baths and a schedule to ensure my intake of liquids. Dino had difficulty keeping up and he surely needed backing.
In my stupor, I couldn’t remember seeing Mama, but I remembered Johnny and of all people, Mrs. Pantopoulos caring for me and bonding? I never partook in hallucinogenic drugs, but I assured myself the fever had similar effects on the mind.
When I finally woke one morning with a clearer mind and free from the feeling that my skin was aflame, I curled into Dino and worked fervently to patch together events. The task was difficult without knowledge of how long I was out. I pieced together Dino’s love and immense worry. I also remembered Dino helping me sip water and broth around the clock like a baby zoo animal trying to survive by the hand of humans.
I shifted to get up and use the bathroom. My limbs were weak, but it felt good to stretch upright. One glance in the mirror and the horror at my image had me hitting the buttons on the wall next to the shower. Letting the marble and water heat, I brushed my teeth and worked to get a look at my staples. Feeling suddenly weak and wanting to avoid another head gash, I moved to the shower and sat on the ground under the downpour. My body ached to stretch out and lounge on the warm marble floor.
A hysterical shout of my name and the sight of Dino kneeling above me, with a look of defeat on his face, had me rethinking getting out of bed alone.
“I’m alright,” I tried assuring him, but he wasn’t convinced. “The water feels good, but my damn limbs are frail.”
He scooted in behind me and lifted my body to lean against him. He was fully clothed. His exhausted head rested on my shoulder. “I died a hundred deaths seeing you sprawled out like that.”
“Shh,” I crooned to sooth his worry. The steam permeated the remnants of sickness from my skin. I slowly rejoined life.
A loud bust of Johnny and Mrs. P. stumbling into the bathroom shocked me into thinking I had actually died and returned to life in a Tim Burton movie.
“We heard a shout,” Mrs. P. said as though a party in the bathroom, with me naked, was the norm. I began to wonder if I would ever face Dino’s mother with clothes on. And Johnny? Since when did it become acceptable for Johnny to see me butt ass naked? I simply wanted to go back to sleep and awake in a different dream.
Dino lifted a hand to stop their progress into the bathroom, “She’s fine. She wanted a shower. Found her lying under the water. I freaked out.”
Those were pathetic explanations for the scene here in the bathroom. “Dino, what’s happening?” I asked with vulnerability.
“You have been deathly sick for five days. They are the reinforcements.” He scooted us across the marble basin until the wall was against his back. He sighed with relief. “I wasn’t happy with Johnny seeing you nude, but he was better than Nicole, Marcus, BB, or God forbid James.”
Okay, let me wrap my head around this. “You needed help. I see Johnny as an obvious choice, but your mother? I remember you calling Mama.”
His arms wrapped around my body tighter like he was just now thinking about shielding me. “I did call Mama, but she sent my mother instead. Something about redemption or forgiveness spouted from Mama’s devious little self.” Dino seemed tired; I hoped he wasn’t getting sick.
I thought hard to piece together some of my more coherent memories of the last handful of days.
“Did I directly call your mom the Wicked Mother of the West?”
“Yes you did,” he smiled with great satisfaction. “And Johnny continues to call her Mommy Dearest. The two of you dished it out, real thick.”
“What else did I do?”
“You begged me not to leave you with my mother while you bathed. You said, ‘the wicked bitch will drown me, she hates me,’ while clawing to get out of the tub.” My hands worked at covering the embarrassment on my face.
“You also hit her no less than fifty times while she dried your hair. You insisted she was trying to pull your hair out.” He laughed as though the memory was funny instead of mortifying.
“But your crowning moment was when you told her you spent two weeks touring Turkey and the Turks make better baklava than the Greeks. At that point, I was afraid to leave you with her.”
“I didn’t, tell me I didn’t.” I begged to save face.
“Yes you did,” he said grinning with pride. “You dialed her crazy up and shot it right at her. She’s been a dream ever since you told her off.” He hugged me affectionately, “She may even like you.”
I shivered from a cold chill and the thought of bonding with Mommy Dearest. Dino shot up and grabbed the soap and shampoo. “You’re cold, let’s get you to bed.”
He soaped me up quickly, “I’m going to try and clean the blood out of your hair. We couldn’t get the staples wet the other day. Tell me if I hurt you.”
I knew Dino’s gentle hands wouldn’t harm me in any way. He had me washed up and dried within minutes. He wrapped me in a robe and sat me on a chair while he discarded his wet clothes and lugged me to bed.
My second stroke inducing shock of the day hit me unexpectedly when Johnny and Mrs. P. waltzed into the room together. Okay, they weren’t dancing, but they may as well have been, with their cheery camaraderie. Dino’s mother brought a tray with soup, hot tea, some water, and meds. She scowled at Johnny when he plopped too energetically down on the bed. He shook her off with a humph. Before Mrs. P. walked out she said, “It’s nice to see you feeling better.”
My mouth agape Johnny said, “We bought Mommy Dearest a heart from the Wizard and it turns out her heart can accommodate more than Dino.”
“Have I died and turned up in some alternate universe?” I asked incredulously.
“No, the bitch pulled through just like Spinelli said she would. The weird part is…I don’t really think of her as a bitch anymore.”
Astounding.
“Could it be possible that using her powers for good instead of evil has helped her look better? Younger or something?” I couldn’t place the change.
“Oh that’s all me. I dyed her hair, Dino cut it, and I took her shopping for some new duds.” He exclaimed like his profession changed during my sick leave.
“Johnny, you are not a hairdresser or a stylist,” I said trying to pull him back to reality.
“Mommy Dearest doesn’t know that. She assumes since I’m gay that I am either a hairdresser, or an interior decorator. She’s a hoot,” he laughed. “And your ringtone for me doesn’t help with the stereotype,” he scolded.
Dino entered the room. “Are you done talking about how Johnny and my mom have become best buds?” He handed me the pills and water. “Creepy isn’t it?”
Creepy didn’t begin to explain the peculiar events.
Johnny leapt from the bed. “By the way, that shit down there,” he swirled his hand over my vagina, “is looking prehistoric. I made an appointment for your waxing next week.”
Dino choked on his coffee and I gasped, completely unprepared for Johnny’s unique prelude to discussing his run in with my nude body over the last week. “And Claudette, I’m glad you are better. I missed you.” He bounded out of the room like he was on fire, hence, my ringtone for Johnny, Morrissey’s Hairdresser on Fire.
“Dino why am I getting the feeling of extreme exhibitionism?” I asked while I ate some soup and sipped my tea.
He smiled, “Your fever was high. You refused to wear clothes or have anything touching your skin.” His hand patted my knee, “You are not a very nice patient.”
I cringed at the thought of how nasty I may have been. Exhaustion was overwhelming me and I didn’t have the energy to think of anything except sleep. Batting my lashes and pretending sweetness I asked Dino, “Sleep with me?” He looked tired too.
“My pleasure.” Dino shoved the tray on the table and shimmied down the bed. My head fit perfectly in the crook of his shoulder. He wasn’t wearing a shirt and I breathed in his clean smell like medicinal vapors for the soul. A slight movement under the blankets caught my attention. “Just ignore it, Doll. I can wait.” Dino’s voice was mixed with sincerity and agony.
I slipped my hand under his sweat pants. “No way. I can still feel a little fever on your skin. You are sick.” My fingers wrapped around his rock hard shaft. Dino instinctively thrust into my hand. “No…Claudette…Stop…”
“I don’t need to climax. I just want to feel you.” I begged and coaxed with my hand.
Dino reached for something and swore, “Worst patient, ever.”
He removed his pants under the covers and tore open a condom.
“Condom?”
“I’m not sure I kept you on your birth control pill schedule, I don’t want to take any chances.”
Dino’s deft hands opened my robe and the head of his cock slid easily inside me. “You are so wet,” Dino moaned and entered. “Ah, you’re burning up inside… so wrong of me…but can’t stop...bad, bad caregiver.”
With little power, my hips thrust up to meet Dino. “No. Slow and easy my love,” Dino set a tortuously unhurried pace.

~   ~   ~

The week passed with Dino snuggled up next to my body watching TV or sleeping. Most hours I didn’t have the energy to do anything except watch him sleep and dream in my own slumber. I loved tracing his tattoo and finding hidden details. Nothing remained, marring my face on the figurehead.
Dino continued to make love to me with care. His slow steady pace became a pleasurable agony I craved. My weak body would helplessly succumb to the gratifying and soothing climb to climax. Dino’s rod became my personal thermometer, measuring my temperature with near exact accuracy. “Your fever is gone,” he groaned on Friday afternoon when his gentle drive to release claimed my orgasm.
My fever breaking wouldn’t convince Dino to allow me out of the house to hear the FF play on Friday night. He also refused to leave me alone. The argument ended when sleep won over my ability to squabble.
There was a note on his pillow when I woke:

Good Evening Doll, I left you in my mom’s care tonight. If you wish you can remain in the room and avoid her, but I left a surprise by the fireplace to lure you out. I am confessing, tonight is dangerously close to an ambush. I will ask this of you only once, please give her a chance. I need the two most important women in my life to coexist in peace. I love you more than words can express and I cling to the ideal that you can forgive and she can heal.
All of my love from deep in my heart and soul, Dino.
PS Wait for me to shower.
PSS Johnny is on call if needed.

I descended the stairs and was greeted with a wonderful smell permeating from the kitchen. Propped up next to my guitar near the blazing fire was Dino’s iPad with a sticky note affixed to the display. Press play video. I arranged the pillows and settled onto the floor close enough to feel the warmth of the fire against my cheeks. The show was a montage of pictures and videos of many antics that took place during the week while I was sick. It appeared that Dino’s house was full of well-wishing from the entire crew including Monty, Gail, Dominic, and Leo. One video clip was of Johnny and Mrs. P. swing dancing. Dino also included photos of Amalie, Jean, and Marie. My heart swelled.
“They fell in love with you in a short period of time,” I heard from the entrance to the room. “May I join you? I baked homemade chicken potpies, one of Dino’s favorites.”
How could I resist a potpie? I gestured for her to enter and take a seat. “I love them too, um, the people and chicken potpies. Except for Johnny and my brother Jean, I’ve been alone for a long time,” I referred back to the video of my new friends.
She handed me a plate with a gooey potpie split open to cool. “Some things need to be discussed,” she said with an indiscernible tone. I wasn’t expecting a confrontation. However, she had been surprising me lately.
Mrs. P. must have noticed my tension. “Don’t worry. Nothing evil will come from my frigid heart, as you so delicately put my behavior into words last week.”
I winced with a lack of recollection, but that sounded like something I would say. She laughed.
“I owe you an apology.” Alright, stumped again. Dino’s mother had an untraceable poker face. “The accusations I made were cruel and uncalled for. Dino shared your email with me. With little effort you could have thrown down the gauntlet and forced him to choose. He would have chosen you. And knowing I would face that fact someday has made me manipulative and frightened.” She paused and took a sip of wine and shuffled the food on her plate. She looked lost watching the steam rise with each movement of her fork.
Her gaze turned to me. “You frighten me,” she said with a clarity a therapist would praise. “You are far too open and comfortable in your skin for my taste, whether you are discussing loss, your feelings, or your profession.” A pink hue appeared on her olive cheeks. “I have lived my entire life worried about appearances and tucking away anything that may be perceived unacceptable by my church community. You came along, stole my son’s heart overnight and turned my perfectly orchestrated world upside down. You’re older than I like, you have a unique career, you want to wait at least another five years to have children, you are boisterous, slightly arrogant, and nothing embarrasses you. ”
That last part was fueled with a little more anger than I was comfortable with.
Mrs. P. carried on, “But you are also generous, accepting, even of a Wicked Mother of the West like me, successful, intelligent, beautiful, and incredibly loving.” She cleared her throat. I was certain she had been going to therapy. “I also want to include, Dino swore if I heard you sing that I wouldn’t be able to resist your charm. He was correct, you have an amazing talent.” She looked up from her plate seeking my acceptance. “How did I do? I’ve been practicing that speech aloud to the pies for hours in the kitchen.”
“Apology accepted,” I said and took a huge bite of warm chicken pie.
With an as-a-matter-of-fact tone she stated, “My son loves you.” I wasn’t ready for hugs and kisses, but we definitely built a supporting beam to begin building the bridge between our differences.
I simply replied, “I love him too.”

~   ~   ~

Sunday rolled around and I was stir-crazy from my hermit lifestyle. Dino offered to take me to church with him and his mother. I should have begged Dino to stick his thermometer in me and gauge my temperature because I must have been feverish when I accepted his church offer.
I wore an acceptable wrap dress, respectable heels, and a cardigan. Thank God I had my clothes from my trip to France still neatly folded in my suitcase at Dino’s house. I lounged on the couch in front of the fireplace while Dino got ready. When Dino descended the stairs I thought I was discovering the next Bruce Wayne. He was wearing a beautiful form fitting suit, with a white shirt, and emerald tie. His lip hardware was removed and his unruly waves were tamed in a coifed style.
My body moved toward him before my brain could catch up, entranced by his perfection. “You really know how to clean up, Romeo.” My tongue jutted out to lick my lower lip. “You are so fucking handsome.” I leaned my pelvis against him.
Dino wiped my lip with his thumb. “You are a wicked temptress.”
I flicked an imaginary piece of lint from the shoulder of his suit jacket. “I can confess to your priest in one of those booth things.”
His mouth gaped and he laughed, “The Greeks don’t do it like that. Confessing shouldn’t be your concern. You should be worried about arriving late to pick up my mother. Her wrath has a bad sting.”
“Alright handsome. Lead the way.” We took the Porsche and I offered to sit in the back seat, but Dino and Mrs. P. refused. I have never been to church so I went in blind and dumb, with a sprinkling of horny due to Dino’s appearance.
Possessiveness kicked in while we were still in the parking lot. More than one Greek mama shot daggers my way for taking the most eligible Greek bachelor off the market. Mrs. P. smiled devilishly at the poor dejected ladies and walked attached to Dino’s arm. The stares and whispers increased at the church entry.
The most striking and voluptuous Greek Goddess strolled up to Dino and offered a full-contact-hug and rub down his back. I let go of Dino’s arm to allow her molestation. She spoke to him in Greek. She may have said hello, who’s your new girl? But whatever escaped, with her breathy delivery sounded like, meet me behind the altar in ten minutes, big boy. Dino’s blush was assurance enough that the Greek pinup girl bid a steamy proposition.
My eyes rolled from disbelief, “Keep your thermometer in your pants, Romeo.”
Dino’s response was thwarted by three more girls diving at him. The three girls would someday be a threat to men everywhere. They were beautiful in dresses with knee socks and patent leather shoes. Dino fell to his knees kissing and hugging his nieces.
I was introduced to his sisters and their husbands.
“So this is the woman to bring the proverbial bachelor to his knees.” His sister Alexandria was holding me an arm’s length away and eyeing me from head to toe.
His other sister Athena said, “You are gorgeous just like mom told us. Dino had no chance when he met you.”
Their husbands stood back shaking their heads over their wives’ comments. They appeared helpless against their mischief. Dino’s sisters were pretty and looked much like their mother. Dino must have gotten his looks from his dad.
Alexandria said, “Dino refused our Sunday lunch because you have been sick. We are glad you’re better. But next Sunday you are ours.”
I felt like one of those commercial M&M’s about to be devoured. Dino saved me from his sisters by introducing me to his nieces Alexandria, Megan, and Daphne. They wrapped their little arms around my neck and kissed my cheeks. They felt dainty and smelled sweet. In fact, the whole family looked their best and was genuinely happy to see each other. This church thing may have some advantages, I thought.
The church was breathtakingly beautiful with gold-gilded wood molding ornately decorating the archways, ceilings, windows, and paintings. Large crystal chandeliers hung in rows over the two sets of pews. Stained glass windows adorned the walls inviting glistening hints of color to dance within the church. The ceiling was an ornately painted and decorated dome. I was in awe.
Dino led me to an icon near the front of the church; he kissed it, crossed himself, and lit a candle. Seemingly, the service had already begun but people were milling around, lighting candles, and kissing inanimate objects. Jeez, the flu could spread like a wild fire in here.
“I’m not kissing anything in here,” I warned Dino.
He lifted his brows, “Nothing?”
I swatted him playfully and wondered if there was a God, could he hear my thoughts since I’m in a church? The only sin worse than thinking about sex in church would possibly be drinking Corona’s in the crying room, and I’m not likely to be offered that opportunity so I should be safe.
I took a thin taper to light and place in the icon’s sandbox. My candle was slow to light and then I stuck it in the sand with too much force and the damn thing broke in half and tumbled over the box onto the carpet. Without missing a beat, Dino stomped the tiny flame before his heathen girlfriend burned down the Greek palace of God. He squeezed my hand to keep me out of trouble and stealthily scanned the church for witnesses.
We waited for Mrs. P. to light candles, kiss, cross, and pray before we headed to a pew for a seat. I caught on quickly that most everyone was standing. I jumped up off the pew and Dino wrapped his arm around my waist and leaned in to say, “You may sit. Mom and I will stand.” I shook my head.
I could hear the sneers and feel the stares boring into my back. Placing my arm around Dino and resting my head on his bicep was a bit spiteful, but I had a claim to stake. I went back to ogling the surroundings. Dino’s church was a work of art.
I tired easily and wanted to sit but held on strong until my shifting caught Dino’s attention. He whispered something to his mom and before I could protest, Mrs. P. moved me in the middle of our threesome and pushed me onto the hard bench with a steel grasp on my shoulder. My admiration for the church was replaced with admiring Dino’s butt in his suit. No doubt the suit was custom made. A fine layer of dust couldn’t have fallen over his body with better form.
I rubbed my ankle against Dino’s calf. He shook me off. I slipped my shoe off and nipped at his ankle with my toes. He pressed my bare foot firmly into the carpet with his shiny dress shoe. And held.
My attention span was the length of a five year old on Pixy Stix and orange soda pop. Boredom was setting in like a fog. And with boredom came fatigue. I dozed off several times before a spark of life moved through the church. A huge basket of bread was passed around and a priest moved from pew to pew with a chalice of wine. Now we were talking.
The bread looked delicious. Mrs. P. gave me the evil eye when I reached into the bread basket, “You cannot receive communion,” she said as though my sins made the snake in the Garden of Eden look like a stuffed bunny.
“Let her mom, what’s the big deal?” Oh, Dino was getting the stink eye too.
“It’s the body of Christ,” she hissed through clenched teeth.
At that declaration, I dropped the bread in the basket. “I’m good. Pass along. No body of Christ for me today.” The congregation greeted each other with handshakes and kisses. Dino said something and replied to each nearby member in Greek.
I sat with my arms crossed and pouted like a child denied a free lollipop. Dino settled next to me, “Why are you pouting?” He released my upper lip from my teeth with his index finger and placed a kiss on my forehead. “Are you bored?”
“It’s all Greek to me. Sorry, I couldn’t resist.” I smiled and Dino gave me a peck on my lips. Take that Greek ladies!
“I know where that mouth has been,” I taunted. On half a dozen Greek statues.
“Hmm, not for over a week,” he countered knowing full well that I was referring to the icons, people, and whatever else when I wasn’t looking. But his comment sent a delicious memory of his pierced tongue against my girly parts. I hoped we were out of there soon.
I swear another five hours went by before Dino finally helped my stiff body up from the uncomfortable wooden bench. Do they call it a pew? I’ll have to ask later. As we were herded down the aisle, everyone was kissing the priest’s hand, his clothes, and the large rounded cross hanging from his neck. After Mrs. P. said her goodbyes to the priest she walked over to an altar boy holding a similar basket of bread that was passed around earlier. She took a piece and offered it to me. I put up my hand with I’m sure a look of horror on my face. “Take it,” she said shoving the bread in my hand. “It’s not the Eucharist, just bread. My offering is a sign of fellowship.”
On the ride home Mrs. P. wanted to add something to her list of things she didn’t like about me. Disbelievingly she asked, “You never went to church? You don’t have a faith?”
Dino squeezed my hand. “No Mrs. P., I’m a pragmatist, and from a family of doctors. My faith is in the abilities of science and nature.”
“I’m sorry for you,” was her reply. And she was sincere.
Dino quickly changed the subject. “What was Mrs. Stathopoulos asking you?”
“I don’t remember a Mrs. Snuffleupagus.” I spoke to too many prying women to catch any names.
“Snuffleupagus is a Sesame Street character. I’m talking about the priest’s wife Stathopoulos.” Dino mocked.
I flashed him a tilted look because he had to hear how ridiculous the names sounded. “The priest can marry and have sex?”
Mrs. P. piped in from the back seat. “We are Greek Orthodox, not Catholic.”
Dino and I laughed, which fueled her irritation. I added, “That’s good because I hear the Catholics only get a little dry wafer that sticks to the roof of the mouth. Not a big wedge of bread.”
“You are going to be the death of me,” she said exasperated.
“Dino says that same thing, but for very different reasons.” I turned to wink at her.
She groaned from defeat.
Operation-drive-the-Greek-mama-crazy was well in motion.
Chapter 15

We migrated back to my house Sunday night. Dino wanted me to avoid work for another couple days. I refused. He conceded when I promised to rest if fatigue set in. My word wasn’t enough to ease Dino’s worry. Every day he brought lunch and we snuggled on the couch in my office for a short afternoon nap. Although completely healed and the staples removed, I still slept hard.
I adored the daily attention until Dino stayed late one afternoon and had a run in with Spencer Marks. Dino vehemently voiced his opinion against the BDSM article. The meeting between Spencer and Dino was chilly at best.
“You should be happy that I postponed the article until next month when I will be feeling better.” I said to Dino trying to pour a little sugar on a sour subject.
“I don’t trust Spencer. He looks at you like you are his next meal. He could have hired anyone to write the articles, but he sought you out.”
Dino’s insult escaped from his caveman ego. “My article will showcase in the December issue and focus groups are raving about my writing. Are you saying that you don’t trust me and my tits and ass got me hired?” My boiling point was reaching a pinnacle.
“No Doll,” he backpedaled. “Your article will have singles seeking unusual meeting places in their own backyards whether they live in a major city or a small town. My mistrust for Spencer is the bane of my anger. And I don’t want you anywhere near his sex clubs.” He metaphorically put his foot down.
Not good.
I worked to keep the kettle on simmer. “Look, Desiree will be with me at one club and if you’d like, BB can accompany me to the others.” I didn’t want Dino anywhere near my research if his attitude was already negative.
Nothing appeased his dislike for the idea of me in a sex club with Spencer Marks. I buried the fact that Spencer had made a pass at me during every meeting. Dino needed to realize, as a grown woman, I could handle myself. And my research with sex societies wasn’t a foreign concept. Dino didn’t need additional evidence for encouragement to bludgeon me over the head and force me to prepare barbeque pterodactyl wings for dinner.
Dino further dug himself deep into the hole of the green monster of jealousy when Brent, the musician from Spinelli’s, exited through the reception area to update his insurance information with Leo. Dino was helping Leo with an application for my session notes. Dino’s demeanor morphed before my eyes.
“Something about that guy rubs me the wrong way,” Dino said after Brent left. “He is too fond of you and he doesn’t even try to hide it.”
Dino was getting imbedded in the daily operations of my career. On a continual basis, situations at my office would drive Dino crazy if he knew about them. My sessions with my patients were private and he needed to let me work freely without fear that he may become privy to too much information, which could very well, drive him to extremes.
I had a plan to introduce that would hopefully help Dino with his jealousy and lighten the blow when I asked him to spend less time at my office.
At the end of my work day, I told Dino I wanted to spend the night at his place and that I needed an hour to prepare a surprise. He easily lost himself in his garage until I called him to join me in the bedroom.
Dino scanned the staged room and contemplated my ruse. I was naked and held several braided, red, strands of silk rope. Dino eyed the small table I had set up next to a chair at the foot of the bed. Two fingers of Scotch and a glass of water sat on the table. My phone was set with thirty minutes on the timer and placed next to the drinks.
“You are going to be doing a lot of talking,” I said as an explanation for the drinks.
“Oh Doll,” Dino said while approaching me menacingly. “I don’t think talking will be necessary.”
He reached for my breast and I swatted him away with the ropes. “No touching,” I warned.
“You need to be taught a lesson and learn that you are the only man for me. Your jealousy is teetering on the edge of a dangerous cliff,” my voice was rife with expression. “When the young, Greek Sophia Loren molested you at church, I didn’t get jealous. In fact, I was flattered a beautiful woman wanted what is mine. I felt proud to be yours.” My finger traced down the center of his hard chest to his belt buckle.
I stalked around him like a jungle cat, keeping one finger on his body to trail in my wake. “You need to face the fact that men are going to be attracted to me. It comes with the territory of being with an attractive woman. And I am an attractive woman, just as you are a handsome man.” I stopped at his front, our only body parts touching were my pelvis to his erection. Dino noticeably gulped.
Placing the ropes in his hands, I positioned myself in the center of the bed with my back propped against the headboard. “I have a theory. I believe that I can orgasm from the mere sight, smell, and sound of you.” Dino stood still like he was looking directly in the eyes of Medusa and solidified into an alabaster statue.
“I am going to make you a bet, but you have to play fair and give me a hundred percent effort.” My brows rose for an answer and Dino nodded like a cheap bobble-head doll. “I will give you a threshold of thirty minutes to bring me to orgasm without any touching. If I fail to climax then you get full reign to be an overbearing, psychotic Neanderthal. If I come, I want you to control your jealousy, have a little more trust in me, and spend less time stalking my workplace.”
He looked moments from passing out. “Tie me up. I do not have enough self-control to keep from touching my body.”
The instruction got Dino moving. He spread and tied my hands and ankles and stepped back to observe my bonded and sprawled body. “This is one wager I hope to lose.” He said with a smirk. He walked over to my phone and made a show of tapping start on the timer.
“Take your clothes off,” I ordered. He stood in full view and pulled his t-shirt over his head. Already a rush of blood pulsed, thick and hearty, to my core. The play of his muscles was an Aurora Borealis of movement and delight. Dino tossed his shirt at me and slowly dragged it down my face and body. His musky cologne and fresh man-scent were enough to entice a guttural moan.
Dino worked to unbuckle his belt and remove his jeans. He kicked his jeans aside and stroked himself from base to tip. My head tilted back and my eyes melted under my lids at the thought of his thick shaft deep inside my body. A few minutes had passed, not a single word had been uttered by Dino, and tension was already building, pushing me closer to a win.
I watched his muscles strain against his touch. He reached for the Scotch and took a large swallow.
Oh Fuck. Even that was sexy.
Dino sat on the chair and stared at me for what seemed like an eternity. He was running the clock down. Arrogant bastard.
My nipples were taut and responded to the slightest movement in the air. I’ve never wanted Dino’s touch more. I wiggled to get friction, but my legs were sprawled too wide. The look in Dino’s eyes was predatory and pleased. He had to see my reaction and feel pride at his power over my body. My plan was working.
Dino finally spoke, “When you come, I am going to fuck you so hard that your body will feel like it’s splitting in two.” He stood and took the last swallow of Scotch. “I’m going to build you up now, Doll. I hope you are ready.” With a grand show of control, Dino placed the glass on the table and peeked at the timer. “Plenty of time,” he said patiently.
“Your pussy is glistening. I want to taste you and pull on your clit with my teeth. I’m going to show you something.” He walked to his dresser of drawers and pulled out a small box. A silver piece of jewelry hung from his fingers for me to see. “This is tongue hardware. You see it looks like a two prong fork or cage. I can wedge your clit at the apex of the prong in a stronghold and suck off until you scream for release.” He dropped it back in the box, but the vision was imbedded in my mind. “I love your taste. Like sweet caramel and sea salt.” He licked his lips and I groaned from the picture, sketched with perfection in my memory, of his head between my legs.
“But let me tell you what I’d like to do most right now.” He stroked his cock and the sheen from pre-cum at his slit was proof of his need. “I’d like to rub my head through your wet folds. And when you cry for more I would like to reach back to your other hole and push my tip through. I’d play by inserting only my head from hole to hole until you’d claw my back begging to be fucked.” Dino’s breath hitched and a bead of cum dripped down his shaft.
I was writhing and begging for Dino to break the rules. “Fuck me Dino. Please. We can do this again later. I need you. I can’t take much more.” My string of pleas did nothing to break Dino’s resolve. This was a stupid idea. I tugged hard against the ropes to break free, but Dino proved to be a master at knotting.
My clit was throbbing with each pulse of blood through my heart. Dino continued to stroke himself, which was an overtly erotic scene. His stomach muscles and strong thighs were strained against the movement of his hand. “Let me free and I will suck you off,” I begged.
He moved closer to my side. “There is one sense that you should have included in this little ploy of yours. I understand leaving out touch, but taste should be fair game.” My eyes widened. I wouldn’t survive tasting him, but Dino remained determined. He climbed onto the bed and knelt at my side. He tilted my head and held my mouth an inch away from his dripping cock.
“Take a deep breath Doll. Smell my arousal. I want you. I need you. I want to bury myself inside you until next year. Can you see my pre-cum dripping for your tongue to catch?” The smell of aroused male fogged my senses and sent urgent messages to invite my climax out to play. I was close to coming; all I needed was one last urge to push me over.
“Stick your tongue out,” Dino ordered and I obeyed.
“Only a taste. This will kill me more than you.” He rubbed the tip of his cock over my tongue like he was giving me a lick of cake batter. I lapped him up and moved my lips over his head to get more. I could tell that Dino used all his power to pull back, “No cheating. Oh God, come soon because I can’t wait to fuck you tied up on my bed.”
He stepped away and went at his cock with renewed ferocity. “Slow down Dino,” I supplicated. “I want you to come inside me. I’m close.” He slowed.
“Look at me,” I begged. “Look at what you do to me. No other man could have me on the precipice like this. I love you; I need you every moment of the day. My heart and body ache when we are apart. But you have to let me live my life. You have to let me be myself and trust that I will always make the best decisions for our well-being.” I moaned and shut my eyes. I was close, the pressure was killing me. My nipples were tight; my clit was a pulsing zone of neglect. My mind wandered to the many times Dino licked at my core and fucked me with the need of a deprived man.
I craved his touch, but I didn’t want to lose. My win would be good for both of us. I focused all my erotic thoughts into a singular goal. Dino stood closer allowing his scent to mix with my air. He whispered, “Come Doll. Let me fuck you,” over and over in my ear until the cadence of his words signified his thickness, stroking my insides from base to tip. Dino reached over my body and blew air over my wetness. Shock struck like lightening and I came with the intensity of a catastrophic storm. Every ounce of blood in my body beat through my sex. My cries were wild and uninhibited. In a flash, Dino was inside me and making good on his promise to screw the life out of me. My eyes were forced shut to draw in all the pleasure my bound body could sketch. My orgasm lasted and morphed into multiple releases. By the time Dino plunged deep and stilled to pour his release, I was begging for him to stop. The sensitivity reached an unbearable point. I was screaming for mercy. Cries full of emotion poured from my eyes. My guttural chants of I love you echoed through the room…Through our souls.
“Marry me?”
“No,” I replied but came damn close to saying yes.
The alarm went off declaring the end to our thirty minute gamble. Dino untied me and kept the rope in a nearby drawer.
Those were the best and most productive thirty minutes of my life, because the next day I went to work without Dino in tow.
“How did you thwart the crazy man?” Johnny asked. “I told him he will lose you if he suffocates you. It takes a secure man to keep you and he is crumbling ever since he watched you pass out on that stage.”
“I may have fixed the problem last night,” I said in a sinister way.
I remembered something I’ve meant to discuss with Johnny. With Dino’s hovercraft gone, my head was clearer. We were all invited to the christening for Dino’s Godson this weekend, “Are you going to the christening on Saturday?”
“Hell yes, the reception is at the Sunset Marquis. Your man booked a room for me and Monty.” And that was all the explanation I needed.
“Do you want to go shopping for something new to wear?” I asked knowing the answer. “We can go Thursday before the group therapy sessions.” I need to visit the shelter on Friday; I hadn’t been there for three weeks.
In my absence, the FF had been going to the shelter. Marcus and BB gave music lessons and helped kids with homework. James brought a ton of art supplies and made comic strips with the kids. Dino also informed me that Steve had been at the shelter on more than one occasion helping Janice with her custody case. “I think something is going on between them,” Dino told me over the phone when I was in France. Hopefully, Dino’s observations were correct because Steve was a good man and Janice and her boys deserved to be happy.

~   ~   ~

“Pack an overnight bag,” Dino whispered in my ear the morning of the christening. We were still in bed. I was so tired Friday night that I didn’t go to Spinelli’s. Instead, I went home after my radio show and slept. I don’t know what time Dino slid next to me in bed, but I remembered him using the magical tongue hardware and making love for so long that I thought he took up Tantric sex. The hardware sat on my night table taunting my sweet memory.
I rolled to face Dino. My breath skipped at the sight of huge princess cut diamonds through his ears. He had a roguish grin that nearly outshone the diamonds. “Do you like my new earrings?”
“I do. But they are a little feminine on such a big burly man.” I squeezed his erection and nudged my body closer to him.
“You exiled me this week,” he pouted. “I had to do something to fill my time.”
“So you went out and mined for diamonds.” I teased and sheathed him with a condom.
He rolled me onto my back and teased my opening with his swollen head, “The only mining I will ever do, is deep inside you.”
We fucked like he was determined to find precious gemstones. “Thank you for the earrings,” I said just before my climax.
“You are welcome,” Dino hissed as he spilled his seed.
“When will we be done with the condoms?” Dino inquired while he was cleaning up.
“As soon as I get my period, this week probably.” I am so irregular. Often I menstruate for only a day.
“I didn’t use a condom the day of the bet,” he confessed with a worried look.
“I know. We got lost in the moment. We should be alright. You only missed that first day and then gave me my pill every day when I was sick.” My menstrual cycle was just previous to my illness. I did have a slight worry over the pill’s effectiveness mixed with all the antibiotics I’d been taking.
I was counting on my fingers when Dino said, “We are destined to get pregnant if your math skills are the genius behind tracking your cycle.”
“Destined or doomed?” I asked.
“Let’s table this discussion. I need to head home and get ready. I will pick you up at eleven o’clock.” He kissed my nose and readied himself in a flash.
He removed the diamonds from his ears and placed them on my jewelry box. He looked unbelievably sexy in his leather jacket and boots, with his hair tousled from sex. He blew me a kiss before he walked out the door.
Slow and steady was my pace for the morning. However, I took a walk on the beach and did a little yoga. My body wasn’t healing at a rate I anticipated. I still felt ambushed with fatigue.
I walked to Starbuck’s for my cappuccino and caught up with Jean on my way home. I loved Dino’s company, but I also enjoyed time to myself.
When I got home, I had an hour to get ready. I removed my new dress from the Niemen Marcus bag and set my lingerie and shoes on the bed.
Johnny invited Mrs. P. to shop with us on Thursday. She bought a beautiful Chanel suit and protested when I insisted she get fitted for new undergarments. “No one is ever going to see under this suit so it is a waste of time. I can wear something I have.”
“Mrs. P. those old lady cotton diapers will burn a hole through a Chanel suit. Won’t you be embarrassed when you have to confess such a sin to your priest?” Johnny had a way of humiliating a person to succumb.
Mrs. P. was so flustered that she didn’t have the energy to go through her tirade about the difference between Catholics and Greek Orthodox.
While I eased into my nylons, I thought about the chagrin on Mrs. P.’s face when I modeled my new panties, bra, and garter. The obvious reason would have been the fact that Johnny was tightening my bra to plump up my cleavage. But the true reason for her embarrassment was the knowledge that her son was going to be one happy man.
The sleeveless lace cocktail dress I bought fit snuggly over my body. My new diamonds accentuated the glistening metallic lace, embossed over black silk. With the high sheer yoke, I didn’t need to adorn with any more jewelry. I fixed my hair in a classic French twist with a few wisps escaping around my face. A pair of metallic Alexander McQueen, ankle-strap pumps completed the look.
As usual, my appearance paled in comparison to Dino. When he walked through my front door, I tripped over my gaping mouth. He wore a gray suit with a form fitting white shirt and a silk basket weave tie that shone gray, blue, and silver. He had platinum cuff links ornately engraved with his initials. His signature boots were replaced with black lace-up wingtip dress shoes. The messy just fucked mop was now a perfect style of dark brown waves.
He pulled me into his perfection. “You look breathtakingly beautiful. Nobody will be paying any attention to the baby.” A gentle kiss tickled my temple.
“You are the most handsome man I have ever seen. No one will notice me.”
He laughed like I uttered the most absurd statement. A narrow rectangular box was awaiting me when Dino unwrapped his arms from my body. Unmistakably, a Tiffany’s box.
“Dino, you have to stop spoiling me.”
“Never,” he said and flicked one of my diamond earrings with his tongue.
Slowly, to enjoy every indulgence prescribed by Tiffany, I untied the white ribbon and lifted the signature blue lid. Inside was a profusion of platinum X’s and diamonds joined to create a beautiful bracelet. Dino secured the strand of delight on my wrist, “I love you. You are beautiful and I may be handsome, but together, we are amazing.”
I played with the light shining off my new diamonds the entire way to the church. Dino placed his hand high on my thigh and discovered the bare skin above my silk stocking. “How am I going to hide my wood in this suit?” he asked as though it was my problem. I wiggled down the seat until his hand was at the apex of my thigh. “You are an evil woman.” His hand lifted abruptly, as though my thigh was a hotbed of fiery embers. He gripped the steering wheel and grumbled about his discomfort.
“Dino?” I asked roguishly. “Do you think I can make you come from the mere sight, sound, and smell of me?” He turned up the radio and ignored my inquiry. Smugly, I laughed knowing I could drive him pretty damn crazy if not make him climax.
At the church Dino pulled me through a throng of people with terse introductions. He sought out the FF. “You guys take her,” he scowled and pushed me into the pew. “She is not allowed to sit next to him,” he pointed to Johnny. “Keep her out of trouble and away from candles.” I shrugged my shoulders indicating my confusion over Dino’s erratic behavior. Dino stomped away looking exasperated.
BB, Marcus, and James looked like they just stepped off a runway. Their designer suits disguised their bad-boy personas. Nicole was stunning in a shimmery silk top and black dress slacks.
“Let’s see the diamonds, Doll,” Johnny teased from the pew behind me. He said it loud enough to gain the attention of the surrounding Greeks who were already spitting nails at me. Johnny was probably the best looking man in the church, aside from Dino.
I held up my bracelet and pimped my ears to show off. I said, “Hello to you too,” while he pulled on my wrist for Monty to get a closer look. I noticed Gail enter the church and Nicole shot out of her seat to greet her.
“What did you do to get Dino all tied up in a knot?” James asked with mal intent to get Johnny’s potty mouth warmed up.
“Knowing what my girl has on under that dress,” Johnny said to James, “she probably gave your boy there,” he pointed to a seemingly uncomfortable Dino, “a little peek.”
Monty added with a breathy voice, “He looks like he could use a good wanking.”
Our crew burst out laughing and Dino shot us a disparaging look. James leaned into me and asked, “Can I have a peek too?”
Dino approached us with a couple and the baby of the hour. He introduced me to his cousin, his cousin’s wife, and their adorable son. I thanked them for allowing me to attend the christening and they were pulled away to prepare. Dino dragged me from James and plopped me between BB and Marcus. “She isn’t allowed to sit next to him either,” he pointed to James. My lower lip plumped up in a pout. Dino leaned down and kissed me, “Behave.”
Marcus put his arm around me and leaned us back into the pew. “Rest because these crazy Greek events are a killer on the legs.”
There wasn’t much time for rest because the church quieted and everyone stood and turned to face the entrance. From what I could see, the priest, parents, baby, Dino, and the Greek Sophia Lauren were converging in the vestibule…or antechamber…or narthex, whatever the Greeks called it.
I had told Johnny about Ms. Lauren. I leaned over my pew and whispered to Johnny, “That’s the Dino molester.”
His eyes grew as big as saucers and he mouthed, “What the fuck?”
They must be Godparents together. Dino failed to mention that tidbit of news. I strained my ears to hear what was being said but failed. The church was too big. Yet, we all stood like a bunch of enthralled morons watching the group chit-chat. Were they arranging the baby’s marriage and naming his children?
At least thirty minutes had passed before the group started walking down the aisle. I turned to face the altar and noticed the baptismal basin. It wasn’t a bowl or shallow tub. No, it was an ornately decorated well, that if dug into the ground, would reach salt water from the Pacific. The event was going to be entertaining if they dunked the baby down the deep well. I hoped they tied a rope around him first.
Another endless amount of time passed. My eyes did not stray from Dino. He was a dichotomy standing in his suit with his tattoos and piercings hidden for the moment. Initially, I figured he wore the suits to please his mother. But now watching him partake in a very spiritual commitment, I witnessed a man proud of his traditions and resolute with his faith in God. My heart stung from the knowledge that I would never share the faith that was obviously an important aspect of his life. Maybe Sophia Loren would be better for him?
Johnny leaned into my pew. “I know what you are thinking. Stop.”
Johnny knew me too well. I was thirty-four years old and I had never been to church. Except twice with Dino.
The baby was stripped naked and Dino was prepped with a large white sheet and towel. I buried my self-pity to watch the show.
Johnny whispered, “The towel I get, but the sheet? Is the sheet to hide the body and keep the bloody evidence off Dino’s suit? Wait, does drowning make you bleed?”
I shrugged my shoulders, equally as confused as Johnny.
Suddenly Johnny gasped, “Is that olive oil? If they get out a spit and some dried mint I’m dialing nine-one-one.”
Johnny held onto my shoulder as we watched the priest season the baby with olive oil.
The priest held the glossy baby over the well and spouted something, but no one could hear over the maniacal baby’s screaming. The baby peed and a stream of urine trickled into the well and on the priest’s fancy robe. Everyone laughed, but I saw the priest take a look at the water. He had performed a whole blessing with the water when he first approached the front of the church. Did the pee reverse the spell?
The Greeks had the sequence of events all out of whack. Dunking a squirming, hysterical baby was dangerous enough. Why oil him up and then risk the dunk? I wanted to holler, “Oil and water, people, they don’t mix.” The self-professed symbolism didn’t escape my thoughts. I didn’t mix with the Greek beliefs.
Johnny leaned into my ear again, “This feels like the moment before Norman Bates pulled the shower curtain aside. I can’t watch, yet I cannot tear my eyes from the offensive scene.”
 The baby was still squirming and screaming bloody murder. His little butt was facing us and it was puckered so tight that dimples were embedded in his flesh. The look on my face must have been one of terror, though I also wanted to laugh. The priest submerged the hysterical infant in the well three times while the parents, Dino, and Sophia looked on with pride.
The priest placed the unhappy baby in Dino’s arms. I was glad Dino had a sheet to protect his suit. Plus, the sheet formed a non-slippery barrier to keep a grip on the slick baby who indisputably, was working overtime to escape the torture. Dino held the baby close to his chest and cooed, soothing his tears. The sight of Dino with the baby evoked emotions I never thought I’d have.
“That man looks good with a baby,” Johnny expressed.
Johnny lost his grip on my shoulder when the priest picked up a shiny pair of scissors. “Are they going to circumcise the baby? Here? Now? While we all watch?” His beautiful mocha colored skin turned an insipid shade. “I was just joking about the blood.”
I hoped they were going to circumcise him because my mind couldn’t filter through any other semi-acceptable uses for the scissors. The priest brought the scissors to the baby and I hid my face in BB’s shoulder, waiting for the cries of horror. Johnny grasped back onto my shoulder.
“They cut his hair,” BB explained and laughed at our antics.
“His hair?” Johnny and I asked in unison. Neither of us envisioned a haircut as the outcome.
Dino and Sophia disappeared to a room aside the altar with the pissed baby. I was glad they had a squirming child to deal with, rather than idle hands. Maybe my aversion to religion had something to do with my unwavering idea that sexually naughty things happen behind altars? Thankfully, without satisfied looks, Dino and Sophia returned with an irrefutably angered boy wearing a cute white gown.
Marcus whispered, “Someday we will all be here for your baby’s christening.”
His statement took the life out of my legs and I hit the pew. I couldn’t get back on my feet even though I was the only person sitting. I closed my eyes and took deep breaths to calm my nerves.
I was not the woman for Dino.
Marcus pulled me by my arm to stand. “You are freaking Dino out. Look at him and smile.”
I complied.
“Good girl,” he said.
I felt five.
The ceremony ended and Johnny walked with me down the aisle to greet the happy family and Godparents. “He loves you. You don’t have to raise your kids in the Greek tradition.”
“How can you say that? He isn’t putting on a show. He is genuinely devoted to his faith and these Greek traditions.” We were doomed.
Dino handed the baby to Sophia when we approached. The look of concern on his face was noticeable. He took two small gold crosses out of his pocket and pinned one on me and the other on Johnny. Dino whispered something in Johnny’s ear and Johnny nonchalantly shook him off.
“Dino. When are you going to introduce me to the lovely doctor?” The way she said doctor was mocking.
Dino cleared his throat, “Sophia this is the love of my life, Dr. Claudette Boucher. Doll, this is Sophia Panagopoulos, she is a close family friend.”
Her name was Sophia, of course, it suited her gorgeousness. She probably came out of the womb a perfect thirty-four D, with a twenty-four inch waist, and hips made for procreation.
“Oh goodie, she’ll only have to change a few letters in her last name when she marries Dino,” I said under my breath. Or so I thought.
Johnny nearly peed his pants trying to hold in his laughter. I nodded and smiled. Her hands were occupied by the sleeping baby. What man wouldn’t fall asleep against those breasts?
Dino announced to meet everyone at the reception. He asked his brother-in-law to make sure his mom had a ride. “Are you going to tell me what is wrong?” Dino asked when we reached the car.
“Nothing is wrong,” I lied.
“What did you think of the christening?”
“It was ceremonious.” My answer was terse and the hurt in Dino’s eyes was apparent. “Can we table this conversation until I am ready to talk?” I Googled Greek Orthodox Christenings to get more information about whatever it was I experienced today. It turned out every bit of the ceremony had meaning from denouncing the Devil at the entrance of the church to the symbol of the three days Christ spent in the tomb. Even the little cross on my dress, called a Martyrika, marked me as a witness to the baptism.
“What are you reading?” Dino asked curiously.
“About Orthodox baptisms. Some information going in would have been good for me and Johnny. We would have felt more connected to the ceremony.” At least I would have been impressed by the beauty of the tradition, not necessarily the meaning.
The worry on Dino’s face was a painful sigh. “I love you,” I said. “I don’t want to upset your day. Please, just drop it. I’m okay.” My lack of conviction wasn’t lost to Dino.
A rush of activity ensued when we reached the hotel. A bell boy removed our bags and held my guitar case in his hand. “I was hoping you would sing if you’re feeling up to it. But it’s not necessary.” He started putting my guitar back in the car.
“No Dino. I’d love to play.” I rested my hand on his to stop him.
Dino checked us in and escorted me to our suite. The room was on the ground floor overlooking a sprawling garden. The décor was modern yet functional and very luxurious. Dino showed the bell boy where to put our things and tipped him goodbye.
Without a word, Dino stalked over to me and turned my back to face him. Carefully he unzipped my dress and slipped the top off my shoulders. He bent and tapped one ankle for me to step out of the pool of silk and lace, and then he tapped the other. His hands began at my stockings and trailed up my body to stop at my shoulders. He spun me to face him and with contrived deliberation, he removed his tie, jacket, shoes, slacks, and boxers while I watched.
He took a condom from his pocket and covered his erect manhood. My feet were lifted off the ground and I was carried and pushed against the sliding glass door to the patio. Dino bent one of my legs over his hip, moved my lace panties aside, and gently slipped his erection into me. I groaned at the contact.
Dino stared deep to my soul while he plunged against my soft, swollen, walls. “Whatever is going on in that head of yours is wrong.” He kissed my barely accessible earlobes under the huge diamond earrings. “Marcus told me what he said to freak you out.” My other leg was hiked over Dino’s hip and he entered at least an inch further. “I need you. Only you. We do not have to live under the rule of the Orthodox Church.”
His assault on my body became fierce with pleasure. “I am not the woman for you,” I cried between smashing jolts. “The church is a part of you and I don’t even believe in God.”
His forehead hit the glass door to the side of my face. He pumped while lifting and releasing my body to fall over him with extreme force. “You are a part of me. And I have enough faith for both of us.” He bit into my shoulder, “I live fearing you will leave me over some foolish idea in your irrational head.” His lips covered mine and he kissed me like this was our last moment on earth together.
Dino devoured my cries while I came. He plunged into me one last time and shook through his ejaculation.
Tears floated down my cheeks. How am I going to get these insecure ideas out of my head?
Dino kissed my tears away and lowered my feet to the ground. His brown eyes were molten pools of love, “I love you. You are the only woman for me. No more thinking otherwise.”
“I love you too Dino. So much that I want you to experience a full and complete life.” More tears fell.
“My life can only be complete with you. I am full when I am with you.” He pulled out and we both stared in shock at the broken condom.
God, we were playing with fire. As soon as I got my period, I would get an IUD or the birth control shot.
We cleaned up and entered the reception. Mrs. P. was pissed. She knew full well what we were doing and she looked like the devil incarnate when she approached us. “You,” she pointed a finger at me. “You and your French accent and your lacy lingerie. Are you trying to kill me?”
I put a hand to my chest, “Me? Your son basically attacked me.”
I was cut off with her palm an inch from my face. She grabbed Dino’s hand and stomped away looking fabulous in her little Chanel number.
Spotting what I hoped was my table; I grabbed a glass of wine and headed toward the crew.
Marcus instantly jumped up and hugged me, “Sorry, I couldn’t allow you to twist the crazy Greekness into an unhealthy reality. Our bro is head over fucking heels for you.”
I looked around and guessed that over two hundred people were in attendance for the shindig. We were on the open terrace adjoining an inviting series of suites. A violin quartet played classical music to the side of the party. The tables were decorated with silver and white linens and arrangements of hydrangeas and candles filled every empty space. Where did they find hydrangeas in November?
Instinctively, I sought out Dino and found him, arm linked, with Sophia. I rolled my eyes and put my wine down, “I’m going to need something stronger if I am going to be forced to watch the Pinup girl hang on Dino all night.”
“One step ahead of you,” Johnny flew into orbit with Monty in tow and handed me a martini. Behind Monty was a waiter with a tray of drinks. The FF, Nicole, Gail, Johnny, Monty, and I were seated off to the side, likely for our anticipated rowdy behavior. Or because we were not Greek enough?
Dino’s sisters came prancing toward us. “This is the hottest table here. We had to seat you off on your own so the normal looking folks wouldn’t go up in flames with jealousy.” Athena spoke with a slight slur. Wow, she jumped onto the party wagon fast.
Dino joined us and sat me on his lap. He whispered in my ear, “I forgot to tell you how hot you look in and out of this dress. I anticipate stripping every piece of lace and silk off you tonight.”
I rubbed my butt against his hardening cock. He pushed me toward his knees and away from his crotch and kissed my shoulder. I giggled from the contact.
His sister baulked, “I cannot remember being that in love. Stop you two. Otherwise, I’m going to throw myself over a cliff.”
Dino’s head fell between my shoulder blades. He knew advice was on its way. “Walk up to your husband,” I began, “and introduce yourself like you’ve never met. Rub on him the way Sophia does to Dino. Let him hit on you and say something silly like, your husband will be here any moment. Take him over to that gazebo,” I pointed to a private curtained gazebo, “and hike up your dress. Give him a quickie and tell him you will meet him later for your release.”
Johnny was unfazed by my suggestion but everyone else seemed affected in one way or another. James of course winked and mouthed I love you to me. I got up and put my arm around Athena, “Go now.” I patted her on the back and pushed her in the direction of her husband. I think it was her husband, or maybe it was the other sister’s husband, they looked so alike. “Do exactly as I said, you won’t regret it.” She finished her drink in one swallow and walked away.
“Bets that her husband comes in his pants before they reach the gazebo,” Johnny said and threw a ten on the table. We burst out laughing.
The meal was served, the cake was cut, the photographer took a million pictures, and speeches were made, much like a wedding. Hours passed before families with young kids started saying their goodbye’s, leaving the adults to partake in some debauchery. Dino rented the venue for the entire evening.
The crowd around our table grew exponentially. We were the cool kids in the cafeteria. Even Mrs. P. wanted in on the fun. Everyone kept asking me and Johnny what we thought of the christening and we finally gave an honest answer. Well, Nicole answered for us.
“I didn’t watch a second of the christening. I was too busy waiting for the next reaction from those two,” she waved her hand in our direction. “I thought nothing could be more hysterical than their reactions to the baptismal well, but then the oil came along and Tweedle Dee and Tweedle Dumb didn’t disappoint. But you should have seen the looks of horror on their faces at the sight of the scissors. Johnny almost passed out and Claudette hid her face in BB’s arm.”
James kicked into gear, “When the priest was rubbing oil on the baby, I think Johnny called ahead to the restaurant to order chicken. He said something to Claudette about dialing nine-one-one if the priest pulled out a spit.”
“Aside from the pleasure of gawking at Dino’s tight ass for three hours, I think I’ll pass on any further Greek baby tortures,” Johnny said for everyone to hear.
“Amen,” cried out a symphony of women hanging around us. Including Ms. Perfect Breasts, Waist, and Hips. I feigned jealous with Dino but I loved that my man was so damn attractive.
“Stand up Doll,” Dino said. He pulled me to the small stage area the violin quartet had long abandoned. He took hold of the microphone and asked, “How many men here think this is one of the most beautiful, funny, and smart women they have ever met?” Roars of thunder rocked the terrace. “Well, if we can talk her into it, you will also be walking home knowing she is unbelievably talented.”
James yelled from the table, “We listen to her radio show. We already know she is talented.”
That snake.
“Then you all know that I am the luckiest man alive.” His guilty grin spanned his face then he dipped and kissed me.
I saw Mrs. P. groan and her head hit the table. Dino left me standing on the stage with my guitar. “Well ladies, I don’t need to tell you how lucky I am.” Sneers not cheers were heard.
“Let me ask this beautiful crowd a little something? We’ll call it research. How many of you hope to get lucky tonight?” An eruption of howls and arms flying woke anyone in the resort trying to sleep. “How many of you are doing something to ensure your luck?” Fewer cheers lit the air. “Interesting. How would the dudes in the audience feel if the ladies made the first move tonight?” A deep tone of cheers rumbled. I winked at Dino’s sister. A storm of women crowded Marcus, BB, and James.
I broke up the mayhem with a soft strum of my guitar. “From an outsider’s point of view, today dangerously resembled a baby torture. I’d like to congratulate the parents and Godparents for keeping therapists in business, because Johnny and I will need years of therapy to overcome the sight of the scissors. You Greeks are a crazy lot.” Laughter and acceptance sounded.
“This song is called, Crazy Baby, by Joan Osborne.” As usual, my eyes shut for me to devour the words and moment. When I looked, the crowd was swaying with my beat. Dino was off to the side of the stage gleaming with happiness. I drew out the last chord and Dino was in front of me to deliver a smashing kiss to my mouth. “Hmm,” I moaned. He tasted like Bourbon. I hated the stuff, but I loved kissing a man with Bourbon on his tongue. I took his tongue, hollowed my cheeks, and sucked every drop.
Dino shuffled away.
“The music I play was my mom’s favorites. We never had music playing in the background at home because listening to my mom sing her way through the day was my father’s greatest joy. She was a happy little French woman, but she seemed to sing very sad songs. Maybe she worked out all her difficult emotions through song?” I looked down at my guitar and a vision of my mother danced across the polished wood.
“This next song slipped off her tongue like a sweet dusting of beauty from an angel’s wings. This is Maura O’Connell’s Poetic Justice.” I envisioned my mother was singing and making dinner while I sat at our little kitchen table doing homework. I could almost hear her voice in my head entwined with the sounds of the city in our Paris apartment.
I moved directly into another song, Here with Me by Dido. Dino was talking with a man off to the side but never taking his eyes off me. Dino agreed with whatever the man was saying by nodding politely. His annoyance over the man taking up his time was obvious. He seemed to worry about missing any moment of our life together, like it could come to an abrupt end.
The crowd applauded at the end of my song. “My healing lungs only have one more song left. This is a Beth Orton song that reminds me too often we take things for granted, Feel to Believe.” I scanned over my table of friends. Johnny was standing with his arms around Monty’s waist and his head was resting on the Brit’s broad shoulder. Nicole and Gail were holding hands. James had a woman in his lap, BB was flirting salaciously with one of Dino’s cousins, and Sophia seemed to have her sights on Marcus, yuck.
Later that evening after a DJ arrived and we danced for hours, I was sleeping against Dino on the dance floor. “I’m taking you to our room.” He lifted me and cradled me in his arms. Boo’s resulted due to our escape. The thinning crowd wanted to keep the party going. I waved behind Dino’s back.
Once in our room I regained an ounce of energy. Enough to lick at every salty surface of Dino’s skin. By the time I finished, Dino was primed; his legs were quivering with need. I traced his masculine jaw with my teeth allowing his stubble to tickle my tongue. “How are we going to incorporate your Greekness into our lives?”
“Doll, the only thing you need to worry about incorporating is my dick deep inside you.” He lifted my hips and lowered me onto his erection. His head drew back and he said emphatically, “We will focus on whatever feels right for both of us, and we will figure it out.”
At that moment, I trusted him. His faith was strong enough for both of us.
Chapter 16

It turned out the man Dino was talking with at the reception was Donny Redland, a well-known music producer. “You have a unique sound, have you ever thought of recording?” he asked when we finally stopped playing phone tag a week later. He was relentless in his pursuit. Johnny was ready to get a restraining order against him.
“I sing for my personal pleasure. Aspiring to be a recording artist has never been a thought.” His silence suggested he did not often pursue someone who turned him down. “Mr. Redland, my practice is my dream.”
“Dr. Boucher is there anything I can offer to change your mind?” he asked as though he’d be ready to pimp himself out for my pleasure. “Your talent should be shared, and the fact that you are beautiful completes the package. I want you to record with me. I have a catalogue of excellent songwriters, I’ll make you famous.” A young woman trying to make it in the music business could definitely get in a compromising situation with Donny Redland. He should come with a public service warning.
“Mr. Redland, I do not seek fame. I’m not interested,” I said forcefully leaving my manners locked away.
“I’ll keep an eye out for you. You’ll change your mind.” Was this man fucking serious?
“With all due respect Mr. Redland, I’m sure you are accustomed to getting what you want, but that sounded dangerously close to a threat and I don’t take kindly to threats. Good day.” I hung up exasperated. But Mr. Redland did give me an idea for Dino’s birthday present.
“Johnny,” I called into the speaker phone. “I am permanently uninterested in anything Mr. Donny Redland has to offer me. Also, can you find a small recording studio for me to record a demo for Dino?”
“Sure thing Doc. But you aren’t giving up on that other gift are you?”
I’ve planned on fulfilling a fantasy for Dino, “I wouldn’t miss that gift for anything.”
I texted James to solicit help with the graphics on the CD cover.

Shhh. Surprise for Dino. Will u make a CD cover 4me? A graphic of my face on a doll? Something sexy?
No problem. Can I watch the other surprise?
NO!
U r turning out 2b no fun...
Thanks. Luv u 2.

Finding blocks of time I didn’t have to explain to Dino was a challenge. We became accustomed to spending most of our time together.
Admittedly, recording music was fun. Johnny found a small studio offering a wonderful team of music aficionados. Unfortunately, Donny Redland heard of my secret and showed up one afternoon.
After I asked for him to be removed, the owner at Cool Vibe Music apologized profusely. Johnny was worried that Donny had ‘crazy eyes’ and wanted me to tell Dino to keep an eye out. Dino never gave me a reason to believe he had violent tendencies, but somehow I worried he would wind up in jail on assault charges. My solution was to bring Leo with me to the remaining sessions until my CD was complete.
I included all the songs I’d sung for Dino and our friends, plus a few more meaningful songs in my repertoire. Everything was in place for Dino’s birthday. I just had to make it through Thanksgiving dinner with my secrets.

~   ~   ~

When Dino learned that I spend all holidays at the shelter he moved his family’s traditional feast so we could all be together. In fact, our whole gang was together. Mama Spinelli and Mrs. P. spent the entire week shopping and preparing for the feast. The shelter was teeming with family and love.
Predictably, the FF were a hit with the women and children from the shelter. They teamed up with the kids to sing Karaoke and play games. I sat off to the side to rest and watched their antics. After a while, Dino joined me. “Are you alright?” he asked with worry. “You look sad.”
“No, not sad. In awe of your generosity and love,” I said, not wanting to worry him over the nagging feeling that I was healing from the pneumonia slower than expected and feeling exhausted.
“You did this Claudette. Not me. You leave a wake of love everywhere you go and with anyone you touch.” I buried my head in his chest, slightly taken aback by his kind words. “I love you,” he hugged me. “They seem like inadequate words to explain my feelings.”
My eyes filled with tears. I was overly emotional lately. Dino cupped my face in his hands. “I hate seeing you cry. Except…your eyes become the most vibrant color of blue I have ever seen. So somehow, when you cry, you become even more beautiful.” Dino’s phone rang and he had a secretive look.
He answered the phone and swiped a few commands. Within seconds I was facing a sleepy Jean, Marie, and Amalie. Immediately, I started performing my math tricks to figure the time difference. Dino held onto my hands and laughed, “It’s two in the morning. I told them to call me during Amalie’s early feeding.”
Marcus, James, and BB joined in the conversation. I also introduced Mama Spinelli and Mrs. P. After our goodbye’s, we hung up and I had renewed energy to carry on with Dino’s birthday surprise.

~   ~   ~

Dino wasn’t pleased I was leaving without him, but he conceded for the sake of not ruining the surprise. Nicole texted me with their arrival when she parked at the back of the barber shop. Everything was prepared and waiting. The guys covered the windows with thick butcher paper for privacy. I was completely naked except for my Jimmy Choo ankle boots and my black horn rim Prada glasses. On Dino’s work bench was a glass of Bourbon, a tube of lube, my CD, and a bullet vibrator.
When Dino entered the shop I was sitting in his chair with my legs crossed as though nothing was out of the ordinary. He took in the scene and froze, “Marry me?”
I laughed out loud, “No.”
I rose from the chair and sauntered to stand in front of my gorgeous man. He was wearing jeans and a button down blue dress shirt. My fingers danced over his chest and slowly worked on the buttons. “Once you told me about a fantasy. The type of fantasy that had you taking yourself in hand to relieve pressure.” I was about three buttons down and felt his heart speed, “You have mentioned anal play a couple times without crossing the line.” I pulled the shirt off his shoulders and let it fall to the ground. My hands trailed down his chiseled chest and abdomen to the enticing line of hair leading into his pants. As my fingers worked on his belt I said, “I want to please you. I need to be full of you and possessed by you in every way possible.”
With shaking hands, he helped me remove his jeans and boots. I tugged the newly naked Dino over to his station. “Everything you need to pleasure us both is here for you. I am completely your submissive for the evening. Do what you want with me. Happy Birthday my love.” I sat on Dino’s chair and spread my legs for his view.
He raised the chair as high as it would go and tilted me back. He bent to breathe in my arousal. His fingers brushed across my sex and my hips lifted off the chair. I desperately wanted him to lick me, but tonight was for Dino, my fantasies could wait.
With mercy, Dino bent down and played my drenched lips like a harmonica. He sucked and teased but never came close to my sweet spot. I had to muster all my strength not to grab him by the hair and place him where I wanted him. “I could die a happy man at this moment.” He hummed against my core and moved a finger over my vagina toward my anal opening. “But not before I have this,” he said and pushed his moist finger through my small hole. Simultaneously, he sucked my clit between his teeth and I cried out.
He sucked on me until I came with a force that nearly rocked the barber chair off its axis. Dino held onto me tightly and continued to massage my anus. He lifted up and dug his penis so deeply into my pussy that I thought I could taste his pre-cum in my throat. Relentlessly, Dino rocked into me pending his final thrust and release. Dino groaned with immense pleasure and cried out my name like a liturgy. He pulled out and wiped himself off with a nearby towel but instead of cleaning me, he stood back and watched his cum drip onto the black leather. He left me wet.
“I had to get the edge off,” he explained and took a shot of Bourbon. He leaned into me and I kissed the whiskey off his tongue. “You kissed me just like that the night at the reception. Is it me or the Bourbon you like so much?”
Tongue tied from the sensual assault, I took a few moments to respond. Dino waited. “I hate Bourbon but I love sucking it off your tongue.”
“Well, that’s a piece of information I will need to remember,” he taunted.
He lifted the CD and looked at the cover and then the back. He looked at me with curious eyes.
“I’ve been sneaking off and recording some songs for you.”
“I knew you were up to something. You’re not a good liar.” Grabbing my hand, he pulled me to my feet and kissed me. “Thank you,” he said and pushed me back onto the chair. I felt like the sexy rag doll James imposed on the CD cover.
He picked up the long bullet shaped vibrator and turned it on. The low hum ricocheted through the empty barbershop and sent a quiver through my body. Dino reacted with playful interest to the shape and sound of the toy. “I want to see what you can do with this while I sit over there,” he pointed to the row of chairs against the adjacent wall. He handed me the vibrator and landed a chastened kiss on my lips. He positioned me in perfect view before he walked away.
I flung one leg over the arm of the chair and scooted my rear to the end of the seat. I leaned back and placed the vibrating toy over my sensitive nub. “Oh, God Doll. I am the luckiest man. You are so sexy.” Dino’s strained voice amplified over the deafening cries in my head.
The smooth tip of the vibrator glided seamlessly. I peeked to see Dino watching me with lust filled eyes and stroking his hardening cock. I slipped the vibrator deep inside me and thrust the entire toy through my wanting core.
“Claudette?”
“Yes, Dino.”
“Best. Birthday. Ever,” he exclaimed. “Come for me and I will take that sweet ass.”
Placing the tip of the toy against my clit, my head fell back on the chair. Within a minute, my leg dangling over the chair’s arm was twitching and sending my boot rocking in the air. “Oh, Fuck Dino. I’m going to come,” I muttered softly. The pressure built, “I’m coming…I’m coming…Coming…Oh Yes…Ahhh…Ahhh.” The jerk from each pleasurable pulse had me rocking in the swiveling chair.
I hadn’t noticed Dino’s arrival, but he was holding my airborne leg and kissing behind my knee. Calming, I sat back onto the chair. Dino took the last gulp of Bourbon and let me suck his tongue encouraging erotic sensations.
I stood and Dino bent me over his chair. In a quick thrust, he plunged deep inside me to soak himself in our juices. He pulled out and rubbed the head of his cock against my anus to wet the opening. He seemed slightly concerned to hurt me, but also driven by maddening desire.
Our arousal provided ample lube. Dino continued to apply pressure until his smooth head was engulfed by my flinching muscles. I relaxed and Dino pushed further. “So tight,” he moaned. His control was faltering so I helped him out by pushing back. “Fuuuck,” Dino cried aloud.
He filled me completely, body and soul. Arousal replaced the tinge of pain. I reveled in my undying need to satisfy Dino in every way possible.
I stole a glance of Dino’s face in the mirror. This new indulgence had him consumed. His eyes transfixed on his cock plunging deep inside me. He was gentle and kept a steady, languid pace to avoid hurting me.
I turned the vibrator on and Dino’s eyes snapped to meet mine in the mirror. I inched the vibrator over my clit and jumped from the initial contact. I was still sensitive from my earlier orgasms. Pushing the vibrator past my opening sent tingles throughout my body. I was tighter from Dino’s thick foray, forcing the vibrator against my front wall and close enough to my G-spot to make my legs liquefy from the intense pleasure.
Dino held me steady with his forearm under my belly. His look was faltering to a precarious level of losing control. “Best birthday…the vibration…I love you.” His disjointed comments escaped through gritted teeth like he was in pain.
Dino was too cautious. I cried out in frustration, “Fuck me Dino. Fuck. Me. Hard.”
The command was the last bit of encouragement he needed. Dino proceeded to fill me with an erotic drive to release. His guttural grunts were music to my ears. I slid the vibrator out giving Dino all the room he needed to lose himself inside me. Positioning the vibrator against my clit had me squirming mercilessly under his stronghold.
The sight of Dino’s reflection was almost enough to make me come. He was a savage man, totally frenzied by his pursuit. “I’m close…so close,” I murmured, unsure if he heard me. I locked onto his image in shock as he lifted his hand and slapped my ass. The sound of his open hand hitting my cheek resonated and the burn stung to my core. “Again,” I cried, surprising us both. His hand lifted and contacted. I felt a sensual gratification vibrating to my sex. The toy slipped from my hand and rolled across the floor. “More, until I come.” The words liberated from deep in my throat, emphasizing my raw desire.
Dino shifted arms to use his left hand and spread the wealth of the sting to my other cheek. Three more smacks to my ass and I came with a gale force, crying out his name and chanting, “C’est bon... bien,” with each flourish of pleasure rolling through me.
Dino stilled deep inside me reaching his own climax. His muscles flinched as his release coated my anus. He groaned with satisfaction and rotated our bodies until I was sitting on his lap in the chair. His head fell back as he stated dryly, “You just took my virginity.”
My eyes gazed into the mirror, “You’ve never had anal sex?”
“Nope.”
“But you wanted to?”
“Yep.”
“Why?” My questions kept firing at him.
“The thought never turned me on until I met you.” He leaned over and rubbed his nose across my back. “What’s your story?”
I spoke cautiously. “Well, I’ve had anal sex. Mostly out of curiosity. It has never been my favorite sexual pleasure so I’ve generally strayed away. But…” Dino cut me off.
“You didn’t have to do it for me,” he said with a hurt tone.
“But,” I repeated to stop his self-loathing. “…with you I nearly came undone by the whole erotic scene.” I wiggled my still stinging cheeks against his thighs.
“Sorry, I got carried away.” He apologized with little remorse while speaking into my shoulder. “And you begged,” he added with a smirk that I felt stretch across his lips on my skin.
“I’ve also never liked being slapped in the ass. I think I’ll conjure all sorts of naughty behavior for future spankings.”
We laughed a joyful all-encompassing laugh to celebrate our happiness.
I looked around the shop and landed my gaze on the Harley. “Dino?” I asked mischievously. “Can we have sex on one of your motorcycles some day?”
“If you don’t stop calling them motorcycles I am going to leave you. No amount of love can overcome such blatant disrespect.” He hoisted my limp body off his lap and went for some towels to clean us up.
“So when we get married my vows will be; love, honor, cherish, and respect the bikes?” I giggled and spread my legs for Dino to wipe off his mess. I felt cherished when he cleaned me.
“I keep asking and you keep saying, no. Plus you forgot obey.” He flashed a devilish smile, knowing I would never agree to obey anyone.

On Monday when work resumed I received an embarrassing text with an attached photo. Horror gripped me at the sight of the vibrator propped on Dino’s workstation.

The toy rolled under a chair. 2 make matters worse...James found it.
We will never live this down.
He’s more in luv with u than ever.
Tell him...I only luv 1 man.
Luv U2 Doll...

Our week, however, went downhill from that moment on.
The research for my next article began during the week. I interviewed Desiree’s submissive and a couple subs BB knew. BB’s girls practically begged for me to put in a good word with their unmistakably favorite dom. Much to their disappointment, BB cut ties before any emotions could seep into his noncommittal lifestyle.
Dino supported my interview process, but he showed no mercy when declaring his aversion over my upcoming visit to Spencer’s club on Saturday night.
“I don’t want you to go. That is no place for you.” He affirmed like an indignant king commanding an order.
My expression of repugnance had him backtracking. “At least let me go with you?” he suggested.
“No Dino. I will not allow you to shield me,” I snarled adamantly. “What are you afraid of? Will I see people having sex? Been there, done that. Or, do you lack trust in me? Do you think I will participate?” Venom dripped from my fangs, I was so mad.
Dino gasped at my declaration, “No. God Claudette. Of course, I trust you. But I don’t trust them.”
“Them? Them? Who are them?” I shouted losing my cool. “Do you mean men? They are men Dino…men who may have different sexual proclivities from you, but men all the same. Their interests may lure them to these clubs, but they are not evil, dirty, or untrusting. I will be treated with respect, I can assure you.”
“Oh and let me guess who will ensure your safety…Spencer,” he said his name like he just stepped into a pile of manure.
“This argument is ending Dino. You may not dictate how I research for my articles or my practice.” I was looking forward to seeing a local club.
“God did not intend for women and men to be whipped for pleasure or to engage in uncommon orgies,” Dino said looking down his nose at me.
My head whipped back from the lash of his absurd comment. I thought back to the Greek wedding we attended over the weekend. I had never experienced a more impersonal circus in my life. Nearly four hundred people were in attendance. The bride and groom worked tirelessly to speak with a fraction of guests and their personal intimacy was hindered by constant interruptions. Not to mention, the dreadfully long ceremony. Every time the priest stepped toward the back of the altar I thought the shenanigans would end. Instead, another thirty minutes would follow. I died a hundred deaths standing and watching. I wanted to holler, “Just kiss the fucking bride already.”
Furthermore, the air conditioner wasn’t working and we had an unusually hot Thanksgiving weekend. The poor groomsmen waited patiently for lulls in the ceremony to wipe the sweat beading down their foreheads. The bridesmaids had unsightly signs of sweat seeping through their gowns. One bridesmaid slipped off her shoes during the ceremony and hid her bare feet under her long gown. When the time came to walk down the aisle her feet must have swelled from the heat because she struggled to get her shoes back on. The poor girl limped through her exit down the aisle.
Dino, however, watched with rapt attention. He held a holy appreciation for the ceremony. I couldn’t maintain my irritation when he informed me that the bride converted to the Orthodox religion for the groom. His admiration for the sacrifice was a jab to my heart and my sensibilities.
He was a hypocrite. He accepted, even honored sacrifices and submission between couples as long as they fit comfortably under his little umbrella of belief.
But to bring God into this argument about Spencer’s sex club drew an indelible line in the sand. “Love and passion rear their impossible heads in many forms. You didn’t seem to worry about God when I was begging you to slap my ass on your birthday. And you consider BB a brother and he is in the lifestyle. So why now? Why bring up God now? To a woman lacking in her relationship with God?”
He cringed and my assault rendered him speechless. I grabbed my keys and left him leaning against the counter in his kitchen. I was pissed.
The next day I swallowed my pride and went to see Dino at the shop. I was meeting with Desiree for lunch and it felt childish to avoid our problems. He was already having trouble accepting me and my instincts told me to move on.
His sad eyes met mine when I reluctantly entered the shop. He moved toward me and encircled my body with his strong arms and buried his face in my neck. Holding me and breathing in my scent like a communion.
“I’m sorry,” he said and backed away enough to see my face. “I got possessive and I’m having a rough time picturing you around nude, lusting men.” He looked embarrassed, “That thing I said, I didn’t mean it. Forgive me.” Sorrow pooled in his eyes.
“You had me backtracking in this relationship. Our argument wasn’t new to me. I was honest with you from the beginning. You need to trust me and find a way to keep your indignity at bay.” Expecting him never to feel embarrassed over my career was unrealistic, but I did deserve respect.
The sorrow in his eyes was replaced by hurt and shame. Instead of responding he held me tight knowing that he disappointed me at a damaging level. He was ashamed over my article topic. It would be out there, published, and with my name attached to the contents, proof of my research and acceptance of alternative lifestyles and various sexual proclivities. Without verbalizing, he feared the old idiom guilt by association would imply his possible involvement in BDSM. He worried that people and his Greek community would make assumptions.
The heavy realization of our troubles weighted. We held each other, clinging, needing to find solace.
“I need to get going,” I said while still in Dino’s arms.
Pulling away, he asked, “Will you come to Spinelli’s after your show?”
“Not tonight, I’m spent from my week,” I lied, afraid to tell him that I was attending a special exhibition at Spencer’s club tonight. Spencer extended the invitation to me this morning. No need to open sore wounds. I felt guilty. I knew I was wrong, but I tried honesty and it wasn’t working for us.
Dino kissed me tenderly and said goodbye. While walking away I heard James exclaim, “You’re a fucking idiot to make her feel like anything other than God’s gift to man.”
No, not an idiot. Just typical.

~   ~   ~

“My loyalty lies with you, but I’m throwing you under the bus if Dino finds out,” Johnny chided as we strolled up the stairs to Spencer’s club.
The Playhouse, incidentally named, was a converted estate in La Cañada. The exhibition was by invitation, but the rest of the club bustled with regular patrons. At first glance the house appeared domestic with a three story foyer, an office to the side, and a seating area with sofas and a large flat screen television. Well-dressed professionals wandered the common area, chatting and drinking like at a large family gathering.
Spencer met us at the entrance, “Hello Claudette, welcome.” He took my hand and brushed several kisses over my knuckles.
“Thank you for inviting me,” I swooned over his attention. “I hope you don’t mind…I brought my assistant, Johnny.”
Johnny choked out a greeting and his eyes glaze over with lust. I elbowed him when Spencer smiled at a couple entering behind us.
“Let me accompany you to the reception. I’ve invited my most veteran patrons. I think you will find several couples willing to discuss their relationships with you for the article.” His hand rested at the curve just above my buttocks and he guided us upstairs.
On our way, we passed several closed doors and a large communal room for voyeuristic play. I definitely wanted to return for a look-see after the exhibit.
We entered a large room with a bar at one end and a padded table in the center. Spencer drew in close to my side and said with a silky smooth voice, “The bartender will take care of you. He has my direct line if you seek anything. Anything Claudette.” With a feather light touch, he brushed the back of his fingers down my cheek and walked away with a confident gait.
I blushed foolishly.
Johnny’s mouth was gaping open. “For the love of God. It’s no wonder Dino doesn’t want you anywhere near this place. He’s the tempting apple on the tree. I’d eat anything he offered, but you need to snub his offer.”
“Did you hear the way he says my name, like he is paying homage to my existence.” I shook off my thoughts and pulled Johnny toward the bar.
With drinks in hand, we finally took the time to notice the other attendees in the room. Some guests were dressed for a typical Friday night out but at closer examination, a few guests wore little or nothing. Those guests were mostly male and female slaves with their masters. I spotted a few collars with leashes attached at the nape and several slaves kneeling at their masters’ feet. Admittedly, I’ve always had a hard time wrapping my head around leashes and kneeling. To each their own.
A man walked in with two attractive women and the crowd hushed. One woman was naked and the other was nude, but intricately bonded with a beautiful red braided rope. Her breasts strained through the bondage and her master held tightly to the end of the rope at her back. The naked woman knelt up on the padded table. The bonded woman stood waiting for her command. The master tugged at the rope and the woman’s head fell back from arousal. He tugged again and she moaned.
Perplexed by her reaction, I worked to follow the path of the rope and artistic knots with my eyes. The rope extended from around her breasts, down over her crotch and up through the crack of her beautiful half-moon butt cheeks. A tail hung through a cross hatch of rope at her shoulder blades. When her master tugged on the tail the rope applied more pressure to her strained breasts and rubbed against her sex and anus. Her intimate vulnerability and the sight of the knotted rope was art in action.
Without moving his eyes, Johnny leaned toward me, “Get some of that rope and take notes because I’m doing that to Monty tomorrow night. This is the hottest thing I’ve ever seen.”
It was hot. Understated and sexual. Simple and erotic.
The master proceeded to demonstrate bonding the naked woman with the rope. When she was intricately decorated I thought the exhibit concluded, but it was just beginning. The master switched the women on the table. His beautifully bonded slave waited with patience and reverence that took my breath away.
Starting with the loose tail, the master slowly began untangling the rope from her body. Periodically he gave the rope a tug to pleasure his slave. As the rope fell from her skin, the master laved and kissed every inch of the sensitive indentations along the rope’s path. The woman writhed in anticipation.
He knotted the rope at her waist leaving the pressure over her genitalia. He then began unraveling from another point at her shoulders. She practically climaxed when the rope fell from her breasts and her master took her begging nipples into his mouth. He continued to follow the path of the rope with his tongue until the last several feet were binding her groin. The slave’s body was quaking for her final release. Her master heeded her desire and worked to relieve the pressure with several more twists and turns with the rope. Applying pressure, he held the last inches over her opening while he licked the indented skin along the apex of her thighs. Her eyes floated to the back of her lids, reveling in what she knew would follow.
The rope fell and within two heartbeats of blood rushing to her core she came with a Herculean force. Her master stroked her through the orgasm until her legs gave out and she slumped over him. He whispered something pleasing in her ear and carried her from the room with the other slave in tow.
The guests broke out in applause and I grabbed onto Johnny for support. Weak kneed and dumbfounded, we were both at a loss for words. I blushed from witnessing the intimate exchange of art, love, and sensuality. The master cherished his submissive and an expression of pride filled his face as he carried her from the room.
I glanced around the room and witnessed the appreciation and wonderment from the guests. I wanted to experience the scene I observed. In fact, I wished Dino was more open and willing to partake.
A warm breath floated over my nape. “You’re so expressive. The look in your eyes tells me you enjoyed the exhibit.”
I felt the chills run up Johnny’s arm through my palm. The seductive cadence in Spencer’s voice was powerful enough to get a reaction from a third party observer. Johnny’s eyes were glued to me, waiting my response.
Deemed speechless, I disappointed Johnny. Spencer seemed satisfied knowing his influence over me.
With a smug grin Spencer inclined, “I invited the master and his slaves to meet us in my office. They are willing to discuss Kinbaku with you.”
“Kinbaku?” I asked through the lump in my throat.
“Yes Claudette, the art of Japanese bondage,” his explanation floated through the air like a sweet invitation.
My knees bowed and I nearly passed out. Spencer caught me in his arms. “Are you alright?” he asked with a gleam in his eyes.
Johnny swatted Spencer away and took me in his protective fold. “I’ll take her to get a drink and we will meet you downstairs,” Johnny commanded with a scolding tone.
Spencer surrendered and waltzed away. Thank God. I could breathe again.
Johnny settled me on a nearby chair and ran off to the bar. He returned with a shot of vodka and a glass of water. I downed both.
“You need to get a grip. Taking a bite out of his forbidden fruit would destroy you with guilt.” Frustrated, Johnny raked his fingers through this hair. “Though, I just witnessed a shift in the Universe. That man is not playing fair.”
My still catatonic state was visibly frightening my friend. “Shit Claude. Snap out of it! I know my balls-to-the-wall friend is in there.”
She was inside me. Hidden behind the desire to have a man adore me enough to show a room full of people his complete and utter acceptance of everything I encompass. Hell, I don’t even need a public display. A metaphorical declaration would be enough.
“I’m tired Johnny. Let’s go talk with Spencer’s friends and then please take me home.”
Johnny took my hand and we walked downstairs to Spencer’s office, passing lively activity in the communal room.
After discussing Kinbaku with Spencer and his friends, Johnny secured me in the passenger seat of my car and informed me he was taking me back to his place. “You don’t look well,” he said with concern etched on his face.
When the car started a dozen or more missed messages popped onto the screen. “Oh, shit Johnny.” Exasperated, I realized Dino found out about my visit to the Playhouse.
We listened to the first message, “You lied to me!” Dino barked vehemently and the message ended with a heated question. “What the fuck are you doing at Spencer’s Playhouse?”
Guilt and anger washed over me. Guilt, for betraying Dino. Anger, for feeling as though lying was my only option to avoid an argument.
I riffled through my messenger bag for my iPad. “What are you going to do?” Johnny asked almost afraid of my answer.
“I’m going tell the son of a bitch to back off.”
“Calm down. You should have put Spencer in his place back at the Playhouse, not Dino.”
Anger was raging through my body. My fingers began swiping feverishly over the touch screen keyboard.

Dino,
Yes, I lied and for that I am sorry. Spencer called me this morning and invited me to an exhibit and I did not want to refuse the invitation on the sole principal of a jealous boyfriend. Johnny was with me, as I’m sure your spy let you know. I worried your closed-mindedness would ruin the experience for me; otherwise I would have been there with you.
I am not sorry I went. The scene I witnessed was a beautiful display of art, sensuality, and love. While there I should have been thinking about you binding me with the care and precision I observed. Instead, my thoughts were clouded with the fundamental idea that I can never be yours.
I’d give anything for you to cherish all of me, mind, body, and soul. You’ve come closer than any man I’ve been with, yet a rift exists.
There was nothing torrid or obscene about the exhibit. In fact, you would have been moved. Pushing your sexual boundaries and opening your mind requires the strength to walk through the door of your judgment. Unfortunately, your door is shut tight and you’re spiritually weakened by a self-deprecating need to appear perfect.
Claudette.

I hit send and closed the cover on my iPad and sighed.
“You can’t blame Dino for wanting you on another galaxy from Spencer Marks. That man isn’t shy about his intentions.” Johnny reached and took my hand in his.
“This goes beyond Spencer. Dino is embarrassed about my article; he’s already struggling with shame. If I fell in love with BB, Marcus, or James none of these issues would surface. They accept me.”
“Yes, but you fell in love with Dino.” Johnny’s hand squeezed. “He’s trying hard to blend a traditional world with your liberal acceptance for human sexuality in all forms. You are writing about the beauty of submission. He will face a backlash. Cut him some slack to figure it all out.”
Johnny was right. I always go full in with guns blazing. I never gave a thought to how any of this may affect Dino’s relationship with his church. I immediately accused him of being narrow minded. But I was still spitting angry.
“I know. I’m so tired. I need to sleep and hopefully wake with a clearer head.” I decided to forgo listening to Dino’s messages or reading his texts. He’s rightfully angry and likely to have said things he may not mean.
Chapter 17

With reluctance, I entered the Playhouse Saturday night. The thousand messages and pleas from Dino echoed in my head. I also hated that I was second guessing my choice of article and allowing his shame to trickle into my work.
A surly, handsome man greeted me, “Welcome Dr. Boucher, I’m the house director, Raul. I’ll be tending to your needs this evening.” His large hand enclosed over mine.
“Thank you Raul. I’d like to see Spencer before we begin,” I ordered rather indignantly.
“He’ll be happy to hear it,” he smiled and led me to Spencer.
After a brief wait, Spencer invited me into his office. “Claudette, nice to see you this evening,” he kissed the top of my hand.
“Spencer, I’d like to be forthcoming with you,” I suggested.
“Of course.” Curiosity glimmered in his eyes.
“You are a charming and handsome man but we both know that I cannot offer the submission you seek in a woman.”
“Oh, but how I would enjoy seeking it,” a devilish glint winked at me.
“A romance between us would be earth-shattering yet terse. It would end with a personal self-loathing over my inability to be the woman you need. I won’t put myself through it. Furthermore, I love Dino.” I have experienced enough relationships to know when one is not right for me. I could never submit the way Spencer needed.
“Touché Doctor. But a man can dream,” his cheeky smile made me giggle and the intensity of our conversation dissipated. I exited his office amicably.
Raul led me through the seating area and I noticed BB talking with a tall brunette at the bar. I excused myself from Raul’s rapt attention and headed in BB’s direction. BB caught sight of my advancement and noticeably felt uncomfortable and squirmed in his seat.
“Are you my spy tonight?” I asked unable to provide any niceties.
“I won’t lie to you Doc. I am.” He sheepishly looked up through his eyelashes.
BB’s phone was face up on the bar and pinging with texts as we spoke. I picked up the phone and typed a message:

I found my babysitter. Thank you for the trust.

“Fuck Doc. Don’t torture the man,” BB flabbergasted.
I placed his phone back on the bar and returned to Raul.
“Everything alright Dr. Boucher?” Raul asked, giving BB a cursing stare.
“Bring me to my first couple, Raul.” Irritation revved me to start.
Spencer set me up as a spectator in one of the semi-private rooms designed for small crowds of voyeurs. A master was securing his female slave with manacles hanging from a bar on the ceiling and straps secured from the floor.
BB entered the room behind me. He softly whispered, “He is preparing her for a flogging. He will likely push her to the edge of pleasure with pain and then take her. They are husband and wife,” he added, shocking me.
“How does the relationship work for a married couple?”
“However they want it to work is the most general answer. This particular master collars his slave when they engage in play. Some couples collar every weekend, others one week out of the month, the parameters are designed to meet their individual needs.”
I discussed more in depth the significance of the collar with BB and Desiree during the week. I understood that the collar was an important expression of ownership and submission. BB and Desiree shed additional light on the intimate bond behind a collared submissive and his or her master.
“BB, have you ever collared a woman?” I asked afraid that I probably should not have asked him such a personal question.
“No,” he replied, completely emotionless.
I heard the tails of the flogger swiftly strike the woman and my attention was shifted back to the scene. She writhed initially and moments later seemed calmed by the burn. Her body moved like a beautifully choreographed dance under the sting of the braided tails kissing her back. The master never struck her in the same spot and red marks swelled to the surface of her skin in a perfect crosshatch pattern.
“He enjoys seeing his marks on her. Her submission and pleasure have complete hold on his senses. The control is symbiotic.”
The woman was groaning in appreciation when her legs began twitching. She was close to release and her master dropped the flogger and freed his straining cock. He entered her with force and brought them both to climax. After coming down from their orgasms, the master released his slave and caressed and kissed each welt on her body. He paid tender attention to her needs.
BB’s husky voice diverted my attention from the scene, “I have someone waiting for me. Seek me out if you need anything.” He walked away with a seemingly uncomfortable wedge against his zipper.
Raul greeted the couple and returned to my side. “They are willing to discuss their relationship with you. We can meet them in the downstairs lounge for a drink.”
I nodded and followed. The view as we passed the communal room had me wanting to return. BB was preparing a submissive for his own play.
On my iPad, I jotted down the information shared by the couple. Raul had fetched me a martini, but I was having trouble drinking. A painful throb pulsed in my head and my body felt fatigued. Raul must have noticed and he brought a cold bottle of water, “You look pale Doctor. Are you feeling ill?”
I shook my head and took a sip of the water. “Please bring me to the communal room?” I wanted to see BB.
BB stalked a woman like a lion tamer with a whip in his hand. His jeans sat low on his hips and the absence of his shirt allowed a spectacular view of his inked chest and shoulders. He wasn’t as muscular as Dino but long and broad with perfect, sinewy muscle tone. His tall figure towered in the room, but it was his commanding personality and raw sexuality that filled the space.
I noticed the woman from the bar, her hair much darker in the low light of the room. The woman was naked against the wall, tied to a St. Andrew’s cross, with her back on display. Long, silky black hair veiled her shoulders and spine. Keeping a hand on the whip, BB used the handle to part her hair in the middle and gently slid each half over her shoulders to bare her back.
Though seemingly impersonal, the woman shivered from the contact. BB then slid the leather handle down her spine, slowly bumping over each vertebra. He stopped between the dimples just above the swell of her derrière. She moaned with eagerness.
I felt a warm body ease behind me and Spencer softly whispered in my ear, “Her groans tell BB she awaits the kiss of his whip.” Spencer nodded to Raul and I found myself with a switch of dancing partners.
Spencer’s hot breath continued to glide over my ear, “BB is very skilled with a whip. He could mark his name on her back if he wanted to.” Spencer sounded awestruck as we watched BB take a couple practice lashes in the air.
At the onset of contact, the woman’s back arched and then she leaned back, begging for more. A slight welt raised on her fair skin. BB struck the air with a loud crack several more times before making contact. With each crack, his slave’s body was dancing to be kissed with BB’s whip.
“Initial contact stings. She craves the burn that seers deep to her core.” Spencer was so close I could feel the heat from his body. I took a breath and eased away with my exhale.
BB’s lashes were crackling through the room sounding like a well-orchestrated thunderstorm from Mother Nature. Every third or fourth lash touching his submissive’s skin. She screamed with desire, begging for more lashings. The scene was raw, possessive, and intimate even though groups of people had stopped to watch the spectacle.
Obviously my earlier declarations about Spencer’s chances with me fell on deaf ears. Spencer moved close enough for me to feel the moisture from his breath on my ear, “BB is a master. He’s not hurting her. The whip lands with feather light touches.”
With the intention of moving further away from Spencer, I took a step, and the air fogged thickly over my heated body. I struggled to find my bearings when darkness filled my head. I crumbled into Spencer’s arms.
My next sense of awareness spawned with me on Spencer’s couch in his office. BB pounded relentlessly on the ornate wooden door.
“Fucking let me in Spencer or I will beat you senseless,” BB roared while throwing his entire body against the door.
“Let him in,” I demanded, my voice weak from fear and confusion.
Spencer knelt at my feet and gazed through me with longing and concern. “Stay with me?” he pleaded. “Let me cherish you. Take care of you.”
My head was throbbing, but I had to deal with Spencer’s advancements, again. Slowly I sat up to face him. “We’ve been through this. My heart belongs to Dino.” I placed a hand on his cheek and stared at his perfect features. “You will find her. We both know, she’s not me.”
He stood to let BB in and the weight of my head dropped into my hands. My stomach coiled and I regurgitated into the trashcan Spencer set at my feet.
“Jesus, fuck Claudette. What’s wrong?” BB rushed through door. His shirt was back on and he wore a worried look.
Before I could form a response, he swept me into his arms. “I’m taking you to the hospital.” I collapsed against his chest as he strode through the Playhouse.
Spencer hollered for his driver to take us.
BB tucked me into the back seat of Spencer’s town car and immediately dialed Dino. I felt too feeble to talk, but I listened to the one-sided conversation and easily guessed everything Dino said. BB’s attempts to calm his friend were unsuccessful.
The town car pulled into the hospital drop-off and I found myself visiting the emergency room for the second time in two months. BB carried me like a weightless rag doll to the emergency check-in.
I collapsed again once my feet touched the ground. BB held me up until a nurse arrived with a wheelchair. He stayed with me in the waiting room. I was sure he hoped Dino would arrive soon to take over the Claudette duties.
I, on the other hand, was more worried about facing Dino than whatever was wrong with me.
Dino came barreling into the hospital nearly breaking the glass double doors that were opening too slowly for his liking. He scanned the crowded waiting room and landed his worried yet furious gaze on my dizzied eyes.
He lifted my frail body and sat with me perched in his lap. “Did he do something to you? Did he force you? Did he slip something in your drink?” Dino fought his fury through clenched teeth.
Confused, I turned to BB for answers. He put his hands up in surrender. He didn’t want to be a part of the conversation any more than I did.
“Claudette Boucher,” the nurse called and scanned the room.
Dino stood with me in his arms and strolled toward the nurse.
“You’ll have to put her back in the wheelchair if she can’t walk. We cannot have you carrying her.” Dino growled and acquiesced, but didn’t allow the nurse to push the chair.
We were corralled to a long row of beds separated by curtains. Dino lifted me onto the bed and propped pillows behind my head. “I’m sorry Doll,” he whispered. “I go crazy thinking anything happened to you.”
“Nothing happened Dino. Spencer was a gentleman.” A little white lie about Spencer’s advancements wouldn’t hurt us, but the lies were piling up.
The doctor and nurse entering our little curtained cubicle ended our conversation.
“Look who it is? Dr. Boucher nice to see you again.” It was Dr. Burges, the same doctor who tended to me when I passed out at Spinelli’s.
An embarrassed smile was my sole reaction.
The doctor approached Dino gingerly and asked, “Would you please wait outside while I examine Dr. Boucher?”
I thought Dino would kill him with his death glare.
“Dino, please? I’ll have someone get you when I’m ready.” I placed my palm over his hand, “Let’s not have a scene.”
He offered the first sign of tenderness since he arrived at the hospital by planting a slow kiss on my forehead.
As he walked away I asked him to call Johnny. “Already done,” he replied, irritated.
The doctor listened to my lungs probably expecting to hear residual wheezing from the pneumonia. “You’re lungs sound clear,” he said tucking his stethoscope into his white jacket. He poked and prodded my stomach, asking if anything hurt.
He asked me a series of questions. How long have I been experiencing the dizziness and fatigue? Nausea? When was my last period?
Period? I explained light bleeding one day about two weeks ago. My periods are always minor nuisances, never lasting more than a day or two.
“I’m ordering some lab work. Sit tight and I will return when I have the results. Meanwhile, you’re dehydrated so I’m ordering an I.V. for fluids.” He smiled and swept the curtain back to leave.
A smiling, bubbly woman strolled to my bedside with a cart. She drew my blood and helped me to the restroom for the urine sample. Once back in the hospital bed, another nurse arrived with my I.V. I cringed as the large needle entered the vein at the top of my hand. She apologized profusely and settled me back on my pillows to relax.
I waited.
Johnny peeked his head through my curtain. “Hey Claude. Did Spencer tie the ropes too tight?”
“Shh…If Dino hears you he’ll go ballistic,” I chided and smiled at the same time. “Sorry to interrupt your evening. How were the ropes?”
He plopped into the wheelchair and rolled forward and back. “Too time consuming. We ended up playing a little Brokeback Mountain roping style instead,” he said with a wide grin.
Only Johnny could make me laugh at a time like this. “Speaking of Dino. Where is he?”
Johnny rolled his eyes, “Making poor BB recall every moment of your evening. They had to go outside to avoid the scathing glares from the people in the waiting room.” He spun the wheelchair in a tight circle and sighed with boredom, “I’m missing all the action to watch fluid drip through a tube.”
I knew he wouldn’t be anywhere else but with me. I could also see the worry clouding his electric green eyes.
Over an hour passed and I was starting to feel better. Dino hadn’t returned, which hopefully meant he was giving himself time for his anger to dissipate. I began realizing our irritation with each other could destroy the relationship we’ve built. No amount of love or lust can overcome fundamental differences or beliefs. I sighed heavily, pulling Johnny from the distraction of his phone. He looked at me sensing my worries, but said nothing.
The doctor arrived with an iPad in hand and scrolled through my lab work. Standing at the foot of my bed, he asked, “Are you feeling better?”
“Yes,” I replied in a rush, wanting him to skip over the niceties.
He took a deep breath and revealed, “You are anemic. Your iron levels are very low.”
Relief overwhelmed me. I could deal with anemia. I was worried something dire was wrong with me. “Anemia improves with supplements and diet, doesn’t it?” I asked.
“Yes, but Dr. Boucher,” he placed his hand on my blanketed calf.
Oh God, something was wrong with me. I reached for Johnny’s hand.
He turned to Johnny and then looked at me. “Doctor, Johnny stays,” I gripped his hand tighter.
“You are pregnant.”
The three words surged at me like a bullet train. I didn’t know how to think or react. I braced myself as though a life altering drug was suddenly dripping through my system.
Life altering, indeed.
“You need to take a multi-vitamin rich in iron and folic acid. Your gynecologist can prescribe a good prenatal vitamin and monitor your progress. You should make an appointment soon. Meanwhile, take it easy, get plenty of rest and drink lots of fluids.” He kept rattling off instructions and my brain registered little of what he was saying.
I looked at the doctor like he was speaking gibberish. “I’m not having the baby,” I exclaimed adamantly.
A loud gasp of shock echoed and the thin blue curtain ripped through the track. Dino stared through me, anger and hurt spilled from his gaze. I turned, unable to look him in the eye. Unable to face my mistakes and watch his love expire from the poison I supplied.
He stormed away exhaling with despair.
Johnny waited with me quietly for my discharge. The nurse handed him a stack of instructions from the visit and insisted he used a wheelchair to leave the hospital. Relief flooded my desensitized emotions when I didn’t spot Dino. I needed time to absorb the shocking news.
“How did this happen?” I murmured with disbelief as Johnny pulled out of the parking lot.
He glanced at me to gauge my mood and took a chance anyway, “You have a vagina and Dino has a penis…”
I sucker punched his arm to stop his silliness. He remained quiet, though I sensed he wanted to weigh in his opinion.
Johnny grabbed my hand when we turned down my narrow beach street and spotted Dino parked in front of my house. “Keep cool Claude. Don’t say anything you’ll regret,” Johnny mustered a cajoling tone like he was tiptoeing around an agitated viper.
Dino stormed to the passenger side door. His towering physique and angry demeanor sent a chill of fear over my spine. He was a force of magnanimous proportions.
“Break up with me, but leave me my child. You can’t do something so fundamentally wrong,” he was trying to keep calm, but he nearly tore the door off the frame.
“Wrong? Wrong? Are you telling me that a woman doesn’t have the right to choose?” I stood and glared at him in disbelief. “This is my body Dino. Mine. And I stand firm behind a woman’s right to choose. What about cases of rape or abuse?” Absolute incredulity shook my nerves. About to spout the scientific rundown of pro-choice, I stopped instead, and allowed our livid gazes enough time to throw daggers.
With a low, aggrieved voice he said, “It wasn’t rape. We conceived our baby with love.” The light from his eyes extinguished.
I gasped, humbled in my tracks.
In a flash, I lost him behind a wall of disappointment and disgust. With nothing left to say, he gave up on me and walked away.

~   ~   ~

Settled on the couch, Johnny handed me a cup of tea. He pulled my legs into his lap and drew out a sigh. Dazed and confused, I was unable to cry, unable to speak, but I knew it was time for me to listen.
“I will support any decision you make. Hell, if it was any other man, I’d take you to a clinic in the morning.”
“But…?”
“No ‘but’ about it Claude. Fuck. This is Dino we are talking about. You need to think this through. You abort the baby and you lose him.”
“I’m already losing him, baby or no baby,” I responded with indignation.
“Why?” Johnny blasted. “Because he doesn’t want the love of his life traipsing around a sex club with Mr. Sex God after you? Hell, I don’t fucking want you around Spencer Marks.” His tone was exasperated and his grasp on my legs felt tight enough to prove he’d like to shake me. “Dino is a man for fuck sakes. A good man, I may add. Our Y chromosome gives us some rights to caveman tendencies.”
“He doesn’t tru…” My defense was cut off.
“Trust? He trusts you. He adores you. Hell, he loves you. He’s struggling with a few implications of your next article. So what?” Johnny took several deep breaths to level his frustration.
“Look. I’m always on your side. I just think you need to listen to a few things you don’t want to hear,” he stood his ground.
“You are never going to find the perfect man. I bet Spencer’s stripes would change color about you and the Playhouse if you became his woman.” Johnny cringed at the thought.
“Let’s talk about the baby,” I said, wanting to get us off the subject of Spencer who was a non-issue at the moment. “I have my career to think about. I had a plan to wait for a family until I built my practice, expanded my audience, and wrote a book…”
Johnny took my hand and with a poignant stare asked, “What will a Dr. Claudette Boucher empire mean to you without Dino? Without your baby?”
Johnny’s inference opened the flood gates and tears streamed heavily down my cheeks. “I don’t want to be forced to have a baby to keep a man.”
“Nobody is asking you to surrender your will or give up your dreams. I believe if anyone could have it all, it’s you. But you need to learn how to compromise a little. Confrontation is a vice you hide behind to protect yourself.”
“Is that a smart way of saying I’m a spoiled brat?” I teasingly asked, knowing he was pegging my most woeful vice.
He leaned lower onto the couch in contemplation. “The sentiment does seem to ring true.”
Chapter 18

Monday morning, sitting at my desk, I thought I may die from thought overload. I whined while running through my schedule for the day, not knowing how I would survive. My first clients were the Reese’s at nine and I had a full schedule throughout the day.
I wallowed in my house all day Sunday. Johnny didn’t leave my side. He also didn’t say much. I finally stopped anticipating a call or text from Dino after the thousandth glance at my phone.
Johnny was sweet and kind. He went to the store and filled my fridge with iron rich foods. I ate more spinach in one day than I have in my entire life. He refused to cook liver so we had steaks for dinner. He was great company, but I missed Dino with every fiber in my body.
Sleeping was especially difficult. Half the bed smelled of Dino and the cold sheets were a cruel, tactile reminder of his absence. I thought continuously about the fetus in my body, weighing the scientific knowledge against the unsettling moral doubts floating in my mind. The memory of Dino’s pained expression haunted me every minute.
I tried to remove Dino from the equation and decide about the baby based on my own inclinations. My irrevocable love for Dino eclipsed my avaricious thoughts.
“Doc?” Johnny’s nervous voice piped through the intercom. “Mommy Dearest is here to see you.”
My nerves instantly rose and choked my throat. I expected one of Dino’s representatives to show up, but I never anticipated his mother. “Show her in,” my voice sounded unstable.
Mrs. P. entered looking somber. “I’m not here to change your mind,” she immediately defended. “I want to tell you a personal story. Offer a perspective you may want to consider.”
I motioned for her to have a seat opposite my desk.
“I’ve never told another soul this. I expect it to remain a secret,” she looked to me for acquiescence.
I nodded.
“My late husband got a woman from our church pregnant before he died. I found out about the pregnancy through the gossip mill and I was humiliated. I encouraged…No actually; I forced him to make her have an abortion.” Pain from the memory consumed her features. “She is forty now and I see her at functions within the community. Her sorrow and guilt were unmistakable at the christening we all attended. My guilt for forcing her hand and taking away a half sibling from Dino and my daughters is something I live with. My pride came at a damaging price.” She dug her hands into her purse for a tissue to wipe a small tear from the corner of her eye. “I’m trying not to imply you would be remorseful over your decision. I simply cannot imagine that sometime down the line a woman wouldn’t wonder about her unborn child.”
Mrs. P. rose to her feet.
Stunned and silent, I followed her through the door to the reception area. Before she left, she hugged me and said, “You can have a career and a baby. There’s a network of loving people willing to support you.”
I stood motionless and watched her leave. Johnny cleared his throat to get my attention. He gestured to the Reese’s in the waiting area. Jenna Reese was staring with contempt. She must have heard Mrs. P.
During their session, I asked the Reese’s how they felt when they learned about a new pregnancy. Jenna Reese was unusually chipper and animated; a clear farce to hide behind.
Blaine informed me that Jenna had begun accusing him of cheating on her to have a child with other women. He adamantly denied the accusations. Though, he spoke with disrespect about his wife’s frigid and withdrawn behavior toward their marriage.
By the session’s conclusion, Jenna had displayed multiple and extreme reactions to various topics, however, she never seemed invested in a solution.
Life could spin a mean web. Jenna was a woman desperate for a child and I was conflicted about the fetus inside me. A cruel dichotomy of injustice.

~   ~   ~

Two weeks had passed with no sign of Dino. I hit an all-time emotional low. To worsen matters, I was willing to sell my soul for a cappuccino and alcohol.
“Why are you abstaining if you’re not going to keep the baby?” Johnny whispered so the other pregnant women in the waiting room didn’t hear him.
“Don’t be a smart ass. I haven’t made up my mind. I may keep the baby.”
“God, we are living an eighties Madonna video,” he flippantly replied.
“Claudette Boucher,” the nurse called. I got up and walked toward her. “The daddy can come,” the nurse cooed at Johnny.
“Oh, I’m not the baby daddy. I’m the cool gay uncle with an endless supply of candy.” Johnny could charm the pants off of any woman or man with his good looks and exuberant personality.
The nurse rolled her eyes and said, “The gorgeous ones always are.” A common response to finding out Johnny preferred men.
The trite exchange masked my sudden mood shift. Johnny’s comment about being an uncle struck a sensitive chord within me. I thought about Jean and Amalie, the FF, Nicole, and Mrs. P. Even Dino’s sisters popped into my mind. My decision would touch many people’s lives. The weight of my choice sat precariously on my shoulders.
I missed Dino’s touch, his smell, the way he made me feel like the only woman in the world. With just cause, he shut me out. He had refused my calls, my texts went unanswered, and the distance was causing an abysmal hole in my life.
After peeing in a cup, I covered myself with the scratchy paper blanket. A suffocating sadness consumed my heart and tears welled in my eyes when I imagined Dino holding my hand, protective and proud.
I wiped my tears when a soft knock beckoned at the door. “Claudette, you’re pregnant,” my long time gynecologist cheered as she entered the room, then stopped, stunned at the sight of my tears.
I dove into a lengthy discussion about my conflict. She examined me and listened.
“You are conflicted and your mind is not set. I only have one piece of advice from years of experience. Don’t wait too long, but make a sound decision you can live with.” Meanwhile, she gave me a prescription for a prenatal vitamin, offered instructions for fetal care, addressed my anemia, and informed me about the importance of regular visits.
On the drive home the advice from Johnny, Mrs. P., and my doctor echoed in my mind. They each referred to the future consequences of my decision. I’ve been considering the now, unaware of the future implications of aborting my child. I never believed the decision would be difficult, I am not against abortion, and my plan was set. Though, in a million years, I never imagined Dino.

~   ~   ~

“Johnny, I’m going home for Christmas. I need some distance,” I said when we reached my house. “I’ll make my own arrangements.”
“What am I supposed to tell Dino?” Johnny asked with a hint of frustration in his tone.
“How often is he texting you?”
“He has calmed down to once a day,” he rolled his eyes like he was tired of dealing with his petulant children.
“Well, he won’t take my calls or respond to my texts, so you are stuck with him.” I held out my hand for his phone. I swiped through to find Dino’s text conversations. He’s mostly troubled with my health, sleep, and food intake. Johnny told him my morning sickness was held at bay by a cup of ginger/mint tea and a handful of crackers when I woke. All things concerning the baby. Little about me. I did, however, notice Johnny had not divulged anything about my doctor appointment or Mrs. P.’s visit.
“I’ll email him from the airport and inform him about my plans. I will be well cared for at Jean’s. Do you want to come?”
“No Claude,” he said looking only slightly disappointed. “I’m meeting Monty’s parents on Christmas day.”
“The parents? This is serious.”
“Monty is a great man. He gets me.”
“No Johnny. You are a great man and Monty is lucky to have you.” I hugged him tightly and grabbed my iPad to make flight arrangements sans a personal flight cabin.

My Dearest Dino,
Your despondent look is forever ingrained in my memory. At that moment, I learned love has boundaries and cannot conquer all our demons. I broke us into a million irreparable pieces.
To know I am the cause of your moral struggles, pains me more than you will ever know. My own ethical concerns are a considerable surprise.
I’ve touched down in Paris. I’ll be spending the holidays at home with Jean, Marie, and Amalie.
Regardless of my decision, I love you and will always be grateful for the blissful happiness we shared.
Sincerely, Claudette

I hit send and dragged my luggage to await Jean’s arrival.
“Claudette,” he hollered from the curb at first sight of me.
I rushed into his open arms and he tossed his coat over my shoulders. He looked more like our father each time I saw him. His love cushioned my pain and filled a crevice in my hollowed heart.
“Marie has threatened my life to keep you quiet until we get home,” he warned while placing my luggage in the car.
I chuckled. “Your life or sex?”
“To men, they are one in the same,” he winced at his answer. “I have no qualms about dumping you at the curb if the sex talk begins.”
I gestured to locking my lips and throwing away the key.
Amalie was sleeping when we reached the flat. Marie pounced and held me tight for an eternity before I was ushered into the sitting room.
Once settled, I broke into my long torrid story, leaving nothing out. I covered the christening, my jealousy over Sophia Loren, the dreadful Greek wedding, Dino’s insecurities, Spencer Marks, the Kinbaku demonstration, the Playhouse, my anemia, and finally my pregnancy. I also divulged Johnny’s grave honesty throughout.
Jean was the first to speak after my tirade. “I hear a hundred reasons why you and Dino won’t work. What about the million wonderful aspects of your relationship?” He reached across the small table separating us and took my hand, “I also don’t want you anywhere near a place called the Playhouse. And this Spencer Marks sounds like an egomaniac. To top it off, I likely will not appreciate your article. But like Dino, I love you, support you, and continue to be proud of you. Even though you discuss sex like it’s an acceptable public topic.”
“Johnny basically said the same thing.”
“You know what they say about great minds et.al…” he cockily grinned and released my hand.
“What about the baby?” I asked grasping for answers.
“Only you can answer that,” Marie said with much concern in her voice.
Jean uncomfortably shifted in his seat. “I’m going to say something you won’t like hearing.”
“Oh God. You and Johnny sound like a bad country duet.” I braced myself for Jean’s unwanted comment.
“If I was in Dino’s shoes I’d be losing my mind. I don’t have to tell you how precious life is. And I’m not here to discuss when life begins. As a man, husband, and father, I believe Dino’s rights deserve consideration.”
Jeez, Jean dropped the blade of the guillotine on my guilty neck.

~   ~   ~

Sleep eluded me that night. The constant reel of thoughts had my mind in overdrive. So when I heard Amalie cry out, I was up and in her room within seconds.
“Bonjour bébé fille,” I greeted her with a singsong voice. “Remember me?” The dim glare from her night light gave off enough glow to see her beautiful little features. I picked her up and was instantly overcome by her sweet scent and her size. “You’ve grown.” I cradled her in my arms doing my best to hush her soft cries. She snuggled against my chest and rooted like she was searching a breast.
“You’re hungry. Auntie is going to feed you.” I padded into the kitchen and Amalie let out a louder cry. “Now don’t be like that. I think I can heat a bottle.” Opening the fridge, I found a plastic bottle liner filled with breast milk. An empty bottle was on the counter for Amalie’s midnight feast. “How do I heat this baby girl?” I looked at her with a frown, “You’re no help are you?” A small pot waited on the stove and I poured the milk into the pot and turned the gas to simmer.
While we waited I breathed in my niece’s scent. She should be bottled as exclusive perfume. Her little hands grasped at my pajamas and she softly cooed as she looked into my eyes. “I love you baby girl. I love you. I love you.” I chanted in a silly, soft voice.
Things quickly got out of hand when she began to wail. I panicked, not wanting to wake Jean and Marie. I stuck my finger in her milk to check the temperature. “Shh, if you are quiet I will share my shoe collection with you.” I poured the temperate milk in the bottle and balanced Amalie against my chest to screw on the nipple.
Before putting it to her little heart shaped mouth, I tested the temperature. Realizing what I was tasting, I cried, “Yuck, that’s breast milk isn’t it?” I quickly spit in the sink. The temperature seemed okay and I put the little devil out of her misery. She sucked immediately and made a sweet squeaking noise with each inhale. “See, Auntie can cook. You can tell everyone when they wake up.”
Slowly I turned to find a comfortable seat and Jean was leaning against the wall on the opposite side of the kitchen. His smile lit up the room.
“Are you corrupting my daughter?” He walked toward us and wrapped his arms around my shoulders, careful not to crush Amalie.
“I haven’t gotten to corruption yet. That was next. How long have you been standing there?”
“Long enough to hear a pretty steep promise about shoes and to make sure you didn’t feed my daughter the eggnog in the fridge.”
“Oh, I’d pull the whiskers off a puppy for some eggnog,” I grumbled. “But I think I’d be breaking a hundred pregnancy rules, raw eggs and liquor.”
“Not to mention the poor puppy,” Jean winced. “A little eggnog won’t hurt. Maybe heating it will cook through the egg mixture. Hell, I don’t know. Just go have a seat in the sitting room and I’ll be a minute.” He swiped his hand in the air to shoo me away.
I reclined on the couch and pulled a throw over Amalie. She grabbed my finger and squeezed all the way to my heart. If she could get this reaction from me, then my own child would flatten me with one glance.
Jean entered with our eggnog and waited until I was finished singing Somewhere Over the Rainbow. “You sound so much like mom.”
“Sometimes I forget her smell, her voice, until something triggers a vivid memory and I feel like I’ve lost her all over again.” I pushed Amalie up to my shoulder and patted gently on her back. “Dino believes mom is here with us, experiencing our joy and our pain.”
“Nice thought, isn’t it?” he asked dreamily.

~   ~   ~

Christmas came and went in a blur. We spent a nice Christmas with Marie’s family. I attempted to disguise my morose mood with little success. Shopping didn’t even provide ample therapy to pull me out of my slump. Though, I did enjoy buying Amalie a dozen cute pairs of shoes and a new shoe rack for Christmas.
The following week I completed my article for Spencer’s magazine and started a new article about Kinbaku, the art of Japanese bondage. Much to Jean’s consternation, I visited two sex clubs to watch a few more demonstrations. The scenes had the same torrid influence on me.
My communication with Dino was minimal. I texted him every other day to give him small progress reports about my health and my doings. Johnny had been feeding me snippets of information about Dino. Dino’s mood hadn’t been much better than mine. Johnny told me the FF were threatening to throw away my CD, which played in a constant reel at the shop.
On December 30th Jean planned to take me to the flat we grew up in. We sold the flat after mom and dad died, but it was on the market again.
“Are you sure we should do this?” I asked with reluctance taking the elevator to the top floor.
“Yes, I want to see it. I heard the place is completely redone.” He had a strange look on his face. The same look he got when he ate the last brownie when we were kids.
We met the selling agent at the door and she appeared to have a silent communication with Jean. He must have told her our special circumstances.
I followed Jean through the door and clung to his arm. At first glance, the flat seemed smaller than I remembered. A complete remodel reflected subtle changes, but the basic layout and feel was the same. I could almost hear my mom singing and my dad tapping away on the computer, laughing about something silly.
We padded around the space; my hand trailed the walls, feeling every bit of love seep to my bones. The new décor spoke to me as though I redecorated myself. At the kitchen window, I looked through the paned glass to the tree lined street below.
My eyes shut to reel the memories. Behind my closed lids, I could picture my mother preparing dinner in the small space and hollering for me to set the table. She was a busy surgeon and we ate take away most nights. But she always made a point of corralling our family for dinner.
Even as a child I could sense my father’s entrance into the room. The chemistry between my parents would surge through the environment. Leaning against the counter, I remembered the way my father would push mom’s hair aside and kiss her neck. She’d lean into him and their dreamy eyes would tell a shared secret.
I stretched to open the window lock to let the sounds of the city join my memories and a cramp grabbed at my lower stomach. I hunched over and breathed through the pain. As I stood, the twinge pulled deeper in my abdomen. I hollered out for Jean and he was by my side in an instant.
“What’s wrong Claudette?”
“I pulled something trying to open the window.” I was still breathing through the ache.
“Come on. I’m taking you to Marie’s doctor.” He gently hauled me out of the flat. On the way downstairs, he called Marie to meet us at the hospital.
Jean was freaking me out. Could something be wrong with the baby? I wondered, but I was too afraid to ask. Sometime within the past couple weeks I’ve been leaning toward having the baby. Maybe it’s been all the midnight feedings with Amalie, or the time I’ve allowed the shock to settle. I’m not sure what has changed, but I certainly did not want the choice taken away from me.
And then it hit me. I took the choice away from Dino. Jean was correct. Dino must have felt helpless and miserable.
I cried the entire drive to the hospital, and more so when we met up with Marie.
Marie tried to console me while we waited for the doctor, but I was too far gone. I lost Dino and he would not forgive me for losing his baby. His look of disgust will never have a chance to transform to love again. He has avoided me all these weeks, when in the past he could barely be away from me for an hour. I’ve acted selfishly and karma is rectifying all my wrongs by taking everything away from me. I felt desperate and alone.
The nurse called my name and my legs carried my body to the examining room, but without my heart and soul I felt like a shell of the human I once was.
I feared that my epiphany to keep the baby came too late.
Marie helped me through the motions to prepare for my exam. She kept repeating for me to stop worrying until we knew for sure about the baby. My destiny to lose everyone I love in my life was hanging over me.
Marie introduced Dr. Renault when he entered the room. After a bout of small talk, he began examining me. The doctor poked and prodded my stomach and asked a series of questions. The pain had subsided, but I was experiencing some bleeding.
“I’m going to take an obstetrical ultrasound to check on your baby,” the doctor said with great care.
He rolled a machine and monitor beside the examination table and lowered the paper sheath to expose my belly. He placed a probe on my stomach and moved it around, searching the screen for my baby. He found nothing.
I held my breath during his second go around. My eyes fixed on the doctor’s face. I got a hint of hope when the doctor lit up and moved the screen into my view. “There is your baby,” he said pointing with the cursor to a small blob on the screen. He clicked and drew a line over the diameter of the blob. “You are ten weeks pregnant.” Marie’s hand squeezed my shoulder.
Ten weeks sounded about correct.
“Your due date is July 14th,” he said smiling like he had the greatest job in the world.
I gasped. “Does that mean the baby is alright? What about the pain and the bleeding?”
“A little spotting is common during the first trimester. As for the pain, I don’t have an answer. Maybe you strained a muscle or you experienced some cramping? But the baby appears fine.”
I shot to a sitting position and touched where the blob appeared on the screen. “That’s my baby?”
“Yes,” he answered and turned a knob on the terminal. A swooshing pulse sounded in the room. My heart flourished with the speeding beat of my baby’s heart.
I suddenly felt desperate for Dino to experience our baby. Quickly, I worked at figuring the time in Los Angeles. Marie and the doctor looked at me quizzically.
“Shit, it’s five in the morning in Los Angeles. Dino is still sleeping,” my voice was glum.
Marie cleared her throat. “He’s been texting Jean non-stop since you got to the hospital,” she confessed. “He’s awake.”
I texted him immediately.

Call if u want 2 see & hear our baby.

Moments passed and a huge smile overtook my face when Romeo and Juliet echoed from my phone.
I swiped to open the video app and I answered, “Hi Dino.” Oh God, he looked more gorgeous than I remembered. “I thought you’d like to meet your son or daughter.”
“Claudette, are you okay?” He looked worried.
“Yes, just some cramping and a little bleeding, which the doctor said is nothing to be alarmed about.” Tears welled in my eyes burning from missing his touch and his love.
“I’ve been going crazy since Jean texted me an hour ago,” he was running his hands through his hair, noticeably frustrated.
“Well, be quiet and listen. I’ll have the doctor show you the baby. He or she is the size of an ear bud.” I turned the phone to the screen and the doctor showed our blob to Dino and explained in perfect English how old the baby was and my due date. Then we were silent for a moment for Dino to listen to the heartbeat.
When I turned the phone back to my face I noticed Dino’s tears. “What does all this mean?”
“I’m sorry I hurt you. I want this baby more than I have ever wanted anything in this world. We will be great parents even if we aren’t together.” My last statement hurt like poison moving slowly from the sight of insertion towards my heart.
“Oh Doll, we’ll find a way back to each other. We have to.” I heard a loud noise in the background and, in fact, I wondered where Dino was at five in the morning. The space behind him looked familiar, but I couldn’t place it.
“Where are you?” Curiosity got the best of me and jealousy ignited in my veins.
“Oh, um, I stayed the night at Nicole’s house.” His lie was unmistakable.
The doctor cleared his throat and motioned our time was up. “Listen Dino, I need to go.”
“I hear you’ve been the midnight nanny.” Fuck, my brother was a traitor.
We said our goodbyes and I got dressed. My baby was fine and I was going to be a mother. I haven’t lost everything, although, losing Dino left a cosmic black hole in my heart.

~   ~   ~

“I want to go out and celebrate. I have our part-time nanny coming tonight and I plan on drinking in the New Year,” Marie’s merriment was sickening. She was clearly a morning person.
Jean and I grumbled. We had a rough night discussing his blatant disrespect for divulging so much information to Dino while I fed and burped Amalie.
“Come on you two grumpy Boucher’s. We have a lot to celebrate.” She winked at Jean and he quickly jumped on the happy-Marie-band-wagon.
I got up from the table and dragged my feet out of the kitchen. “I’m going back to sleep,” I announced.
“That’s great,” Merry Marie sang out. “Take a nap, and then we will go shopping for something spectacular. I’ll make reservations for tonight.”
I shook my hand in the air to wave her off. As I walked away I could have sworn I heard a slap that sounded much like a high-five. Marriage made people crazy.
Chapter 19

Another nap called after the exhausting shopping trip. Marie was ruthless in her pursuit for me to find the perfect dress. Finally, I settled on a ridiculously expensive Givenchy cocktail dress in forest green silk, with a one-shoulder neckline and a snug pencil skirt.
I fixed my hair in a high, sleek ponytail to show off my bare shoulder and applied make-up for the first time in over three weeks. After I put on my new shoes I hurried to find Amalie and show off the fuchsia and purple, satin, Manolo Blahnik beauties.
“These will be yours someday, pretty girl,” I cooed as the nanny watched me with extreme confusion.
Jean helped me into my new wool cape and told me to stop the baby corruption.
He gasped like a boy meeting his girl for the prom when Marie walked into the room. She chose a cap sleeve, blue cocktail dress and my late Christmas present, a bright purple pair of Manolo Blahnik peep-toe pumps. She was stunning.
“I’m the luckiest man in the world to have so many beautiful women in my life,” Jean said as he helped Marie into her coat and kissed Amalie.
We pulled up to Le China restaurant and bar at nine o’clock. “I’ve always wanted to come here,” I said working hard to sound excited. I haven’t been able to shake my dreadful blues from wishing I could spend New Year’s Eve with Dino.
Jean spent most of yesterday afternoon convincing me Dino was not already with another woman. Jean claimed Dino’s incessant texting would have driven any woman away. “The man loves you, trust me,” he said repeatedly throughout the day.
Still, I couldn’t rid the feeling that I lost him. I should have said yes to one of his many proposals to marriage. I was a fool to decline any of his proposals. An absolute fool.
“Come on Claudette, we are going to have a good time tonight,” Marie linked our arms and dragged me over the threshold of the famous Parisian restaurant.
The Maître’D nodded in our direction and Marie kept walking over the black and white checked floor like she owned the place. I needed to tell Jean to get her out more; she was totally out of control. Guessing there would be time later in the night to take in the décor and ambiance, I allowed her tomfoolery.
Midway down the short staircase leading to what I assumed to be the bar area, we heard the strum of a ukulele and the beginning of a Jason Mraz song. I hurried my steps, “I love this song.” Marie kept up, nearly bouncing over the steps with her eyes dancing merrily.
At the entrance to the bar, my whole world realigned on its’ axis. There stood Dino, like an idol worthy of worship, singing I’m Yours. The bar was full, but my eyes focused only on Dino. He looked sinfully sexy in his signature black t-shirt and jeans, with his gleaming brown eyes, wavy dark hair, and the ring on his tight lower lip, teasing to be kissed. He put his hand out toward me, the gesture that could have me swimming oceans to be with him.
Bewildered by the scene, Jean and Marie gave me a nudge to put my gears in motion. I staggered to the stage, barely registering the loving stares from all our family and friends. I felt transported to a dream, or as Dino would like me to believe, a little piece of heaven on earth. Heaven sounded about right at that moment.
Dino’s offered hand grasped my palm and he helped me on stage. He slid the microphone into the stand and removed my cape. Without missing a note, he put his hand over his heart and ceremoniously adored me with his gaze.
I threw my arms around his broad shoulders and he responded with a reverent hug. He had to balance and shift to keep his voice at the microphone. I kissed his cheeks, jaw, neck, any bit of bare skin I could reach. He groaned through the song’s end and kissed me before he finished the final chorus. His taste and touch brought me home and filled my heart as my soul soared overhead with delight.
The bar erupted in applause.
Reluctantly I pushed away, needing to put all my cards on the table. I stared deep into Dino’s eyes, “I hurt you and I’m likely to screw up again,” I confessed.
“I’m well aware of the fact.” He held both my hands.
“My article was approved for publishing.”
“Johnny sent me a copy. It’s very good.”
“I visited two French sex clubs to research my next article.”
“Your brother told me,” he winced.
“My addiction to expensive shoes and eyeglasses will likely send us to the poorhouse.”
“No doubt,” he grinned as though I was the most unique person in the world.
“I can’t cook, but I’m great at heating breast milk.”
“I’ve heard.”
“I love you, now and forever.”
Dino didn’t respond, instead, he got down on one knee and the tears pooling in my eyes finally fell.
“Marrying me will not change my love for you or further solidify my lifelong commitment. So don’t marry me because I am the father of your child. Don’t marry me because all these people are now an important part of your life.”
Loud catcalls ensued and I heard James yell, “Marry me instead.” Dino didn’t crack a smile.
“Don’t marry me because I cater to your impossible standards for coffee. Don’t marry me because the sex is out of this world.” BB hit a couple beats on the drum. “Don’t marry me simply because I love you,” he voiced ardently.
“Marry me because we are good together. Marry me because the chemistry between us could light the Eiffel Tower for the next million years. Marry me because I will spend the rest of my life supporting you and watching you flourish with pride. Marry me because when we are apart I feel physical pain from the hole in my heart. Marry me because I will wake up every morning for the rest of my life knowing I am a lucky man. Marry me because I love you with all of my heart and beyond the depths of my soul. Marry me, Doll?”
He reached into his pocket and between his thumb and index finger, he held up the most breathtaking engagement ring I had ever seen. Dropping to my knees, I wrapped my arms around him and sobbed happy tears.
We held each other in the silence of the bar until Johnny yelled out, “Give him an answer Doc.”
I pulled back enough to see his eyes, but I kept our lips touching. “Yes,” I murmured through kisses. “Yes, yes, a thousand times, yes.”
We were ushered off the stage for the band to resume play. Mrs. P. catapulted from her seat and took me in her arms. Crying she said, “You’ll have it all Claudette. Mark my words.” Then Dino’s sisters joined our Pantopoulos family hug circle.
Johnny was next. “Finally, my work is done,” he exasperated and hugged me with all his might.
A procession of hugs and congratulations continued. Everyone was there, Nicole and her girlfriend, Monty accompanied Johnny, Mama Spinelli brought her new beau, and even Leo got to tag along. Jean waited at the end of the line. The gleam in his eyes stopped my breath. Dino left my side after he shook Jean’s hand.
“I’m happy for you Claude,” he said from a voice laced with joy and sadness. We both felt it, our parents’ presence. Their absence is heartbreaking, yet their memories, a consolation in our daily lives. “I love you.” Marie wrapped her arms around both of us for a Boucher family hug.
We settled at a grouping of tufted leather couches, with chairs gathered to accommodate our large party. Dino tapped his thighs and I took a seat in his lap. “You look beautiful. I almost went into cardiac arrest when I removed your coat.” He murmured against my ear and sent chills over my bare skin. “I’m going to taste every inch of you tonight and then I’m going to repeat until dawn.”
“Hmmm,” I purred and shifted further onto his growing erection. He groaned hungrily like a lion five paces away from a raw steak.
Food arrived and champagne poured. Dino ordered sparkling water for me, but I sucked champagne off his tongue.
James, Marcus, BB, and Leo were the center of attention with every single French woman in the bar. “My God, I’m going to blow just listening to them talk,” James said with the least bit of discretion. “I’m having some French loving tonight.” He raised his glass toward his single compadres and they toasted to their agreement.
“Our boy was a wreck,” Marcus said, to change the subject. “We practically had to sit on him yesterday to keep him from you and ruining the surprise.”
I gasped with realization. “You were in Paris yesterday? Of course,” I hit my forehead with my palm. Jean winked at me and I smiled remembering his promises about Dino loving me. Everyone laughed.
I was kissing Dino for the millionth time when the club manager approached.
He cleared his throat, and before I looked in his direction I chuckled over Marie’s gawking expression. “Mademoiselle,” he said with a voice sensual enough to elicit a sensation.
When our eyes met, a red blush ran up my neck and settled on my cheeks. He was the master at one of the Kinbaku demonstrations here in Paris. I moved to stand, but Dino grasped tighter to keep me on his lap.
In French, knowing few in my group would understand him, he said, “My congratulations do not greet you without disappointment. But I can see you are happy and well deserved. Though, my dreams of binding you and having my way with your exquisite body and mind are crushed.” He kissed my extended hand and said to Dino in English, “You are a lucky man. The luckiest I’ve seen in a long while.” He scanned our group, pausing longer with the women. “Bon soir,” he concluded and left us, his gait so smooth, his feet barely touched the ground.
The audible sound from the combined exhale from the ladies in our group was telling about the manager’s sexual potency. Johnny and Monty were still watching him walk away.
“Doll? Do you want to tell me why I spoke to half a dozen club managers and was told to piss off, but that man approved? In fact, he was dead set on telling me no until he found out the recipient was you.” Dino looked to me for an answer.
I shrugged my shoulders innocently and he laughed.
“You are going to be the death of me,” his voice was rife with exasperation and he threw his head to rest on the back of the couch.
I slipped my tongue from his clavicle up to his mouth and then had my wicked way with his lips. He punched something into his phone and stood with me cradled in his arms. Marie tossed my cape and purse our way and Dino strode out of the bar, up the stairs, and through the packed restaurant. We were a spectacle and everyone stared. I witnessed a few eye-rolls and the word ‘Américains’ was the general explanation for our debauchery.
I never got to take in the décor or ambiance.
A car and driver waited for us at the curb. Time elapsed during the drive to his hotel. Dino kept my lips and hands occupied, I didn’t know or care where we headed, as long as I could get naked in private with my fiancé. I took a moment to compose myself when the car stopped. Dino slid out of the seat and reached to help me out. I looked up and my heart crashed against my chest.
We were at my parents’ flat.
I slumped against Dino, unable to find the power in my own legs. “What are we doing here?” Skeptically I looked into Dino’s smiling face.
“You love Paris. You should have a home here.”
My brows furrowed and I searched his eyes for more answers.
“Paris is your home, a place where your soul rests. I bought your parents’ flat to make it our second home.” He looked concerned as though I was going to dislike the surprise.
I placed his face between my palms. “My home is with you. My heart and soul belong to you. Other than our child, this is the greatest gift you could ever give.”
The slow ride up the elevator flooded my memories. Dino held me like I was his last link to humanity. At the top floor, we exited the lift. Dino unlocked the door and ceremoniously carried me over the threshold. Hundreds of burning candles dimly lit the flat.
“There is only one room I need to show you before we lock ourselves in the bedroom.” He pulled me down the narrow hall to my old bedroom. “This room wasn’t done yesterday.”
We stopped in the doorway of the most amazing nursery. The nursery was decked out in a whimsical music motif, perfect for either a boy or a girl. “Oh, I love it Dino.”
He dropped to his knees and cradled my belly. “Thank you for our child,” he kissed my stomach. Then he kissed his way up my center until he was standing again. “Thank you for coming into my life. Thank you for finally agreeing to marry me.”
We kissed our way into the master suite, leaving a trail of shoes and clothes. When Dino removed my panties he pulled away, “Let me look at you.” His eyes burned a path over my naked body. “You are thinner,” he said disapprovingly. “But these,” he took my breasts into his palms, “are fuller.” He sucked one nipple into his warm mouth while plucking the other with his fingers.
Unknowingly, my breasts were far more sensitive and responsive.
“God I missed you. I’ll never be apart from you again.” He lifted me onto the bed and blanketed me with his naked body. “For your information, I was coming for you, regardless of your decision. Johnny and your brother assured me you needed to figure everything out on your own.” He leaned to the side and covered my stomach with his large hand. “Know this…we will work out our problems together from now on.” He stared at his hand dwarfing my belly. “We are a team, a family, and you and our baby are my life.” Bending over, he nipped and licked my stomach, and then he moved lower and settled between my legs.
I nearly came undone from the initial contact of his tongue on my throbbing cleft. He dragged his hands from my ass and over the back of my thighs until he bent my legs in the air and I was completely exposed to him. “I missed your sweet smell.” His tongue flicked at my extended nub until the pleasure built deep in my core and I burst like a string of lit firecrackers.
“Fill me Dino. I need you inside me.” I pleaded.
He moved up my body. “Look at me Doll. Don’t take your eyes from mine.” His smooth head nudged its way into my wet heat. He plunged slowly, my sensitive center recognizing each vein and ripple as the man I loved took us to our utopia. My muscles pulled him in, sucking him deep inside my body, surrounding him with my warmth and love.
“This is my heaven. I’ll live the rest of my life wanting to be buried deep inside you,” he said with adoration.
We stared into each other’s eyes until the pressure was insurmountable. I fell first, coaxing his release. Dino followed and the weeks of missing each other and hours of pent up desire exploded through us like our personal New Year’s Eve fireworks.
Chapter 20

For one week, our new home in Paris was the only sight we indulged. Well, our flat and our naked bodies. Dino took great care retracing every curve of my figure and re-eliciting my deepest desires. Our slow, lazy reunion was the perfect reprieve from the looming chaos of preparing for a wedding and new baby.
Dino became accustomed to measuring my belly every week. Good thing I was a confident woman, otherwise, I would have slipped a little something into his coffee to keep him immobile throughout the day. Though, I wouldn’t immobilize him too much; pregnancy sex was beyond my wildest enjoyment. I was definitely upping my advice with my pregnant patients after the mind-blowing orgasms I’ve had. Practical application changed my perception.
“Are you sure the baby isn’t going to come out of your body?” Dino asked once after an unusually exuberant orgasm.
“Oh, you did not just make that bad of a sex joke?”
“Yes I did,” he smiled like a child getting ready to blast me in the face with a water gun.
“Besides, the bigger our baby gets, the more I worry I’m going to poke him or her in the head.”
“Dino, I love you and I think you are perfect, but your penis is not that long.” I knew better than to bring up length and a man’s penis in the same statement unless making an optimistic comparison.
Dino scowled.
“You have a fatty. A damn big fatty and I never thought it was possible to feel so full with your thickness rubbing against all my tingly bits.”
That did it. His feathers puffed up like a proud peacock. And yes, Dino, like most men, was a simple fowl.
Dino also became completely engrossed in my breasts. I learned that men may say they are alright with average or small breasts, but then they shed light on their lie when your breasts become behemoth globes of goodness during pregnancy. At least that was so in Dino’s case.
In the beginning, he was delighted by the small changes. When my breasts ballooned, Dino gave away all his secrets. He began living out every boob fantasy he ever had. And Dino had an entire amusement park filled with breast-make-believe. By the time my stomach protruded farther than my breasts, Dino found inventive ways to access his short lived friends.
Dino was attentive and loving throughout my pregnancy. He spoke and sang to the baby every evening before I fell into uncomfortable sleep. He taught my stomach the Greek alphabet and read Greek mythology with animated voices. I’d never been so entertained in my life. The months leading up to our June wedding went by far too fast.
Dealing with Dino’s mother was another story. I struggled to keep our wedding small, but she fought dirty. Admittedly, I did the unthinkable to avoid the Greek circus Mrs. P. nearly sold her soul to the Devil to achieve. When the day arrived, she was still pugnacious every step of the way.
“Mama P., I sacrificed my firstborn to you for this one day. You get to have your Freddy Krueger christening with the dunked, slippery baby, scissors and all. If you want to wear shoes on the sand, you are welcome, but I am going barefoot.” She shook her head, exasperated. I had to give her credit; she fought to the bitter end.
“In her defense,” Johnny piped in while pulling my gown out of the garment bag, “it is shocking a shoe whore like yourself would walk barefooted down the aisle, even if the aisle is a sandy stretch of beach.” I pinned Johnny with my most fierce I’m-thirty-one-weeks-pregnant-and thirty-minutes-from-getting-married look. He placed my gown over the edge of the chaise and threw his hands up to surrender.
Marie responded to a soft knock on the door and Mama P. quickly transgressed into a powerful Greek ninja to stop Dino’s progress. “One ounce of dignity is going to be honored at this wedding. You are not seeing the bride before she appears at the end of the aisle,” she hollered at Dino and pure adrenaline assisted her in holding him over the visitor’s end of the threshold.
He handed her a box, beautifully wrapped, accompanied by an exquisite envelope. Mama handed the gift to me, my girls and Johnny gathered around to witness my response to Dino’s gift. I got the impression that everyone was privy to the gift except moi.
The envelope was addressed, To My Love. I opened the flap and a piece of delicate, champagne colored rice paper protected a hand engraved card. The card was more beautiful than our wedding invitations.

The people we’ve loved and the loved ones we’ve lost have indwelled in us the importance of a meaningful life sewn with love. These same Heavenly souls guided us into each other’s arms. This gift is to remind you that though your feet are securely on the ground, you will always have the spirit of your parents and Clive close to your heart. My days will forever be filled with joy, and my nights with comfort because today you will become my wife.
I await you with bated breath. All my love, Dino

Marie, Nicole, Mama Spinelli, Mrs. P., and Johnny took turns shifting behind me to read the note. The note sat frozen in my hand while time lapsed from the rush of love and sentiment. The note alone was a perfect and complete gift.
“Mrs. P., you may have the power to resurrect Cruella De’Ville, but you sure raised a perfect man.” Johnny took Mama P. into his arms and hugged her graciously.
I slipped the silver tie off the box and carefully unfolded the shimmering pearl colored paper. Under the heavy paper stock was a black velvet box, a jewelry box. The top opened on a hinge and my breath stifled.
At the center of an oval, platinum locket was the diamond setting from Clive’s engagement ring. I lifted the locket, which dangled at the end of a delicate chain. Pavé sapphires covered the surface of the locket, between the diamond settings. My shaking fingers failed at opening the delicate latch and my quivering lips botched my attempt to ask for help. Marie reached over my shoulders and assisted. With delicate fingers, she clipped open the clasp and placed the locket back into my hands.
My thumbs drew open the locket to reveal a picture of my parents and a picture of me with Dino mirroring my parents’ pose. I turned the locket over and engraved on the back were the words love, amour, and αγάπη… love in the three languages we will teach our child. Dazed and utterly stunned, I sat frozen. My love for Dino filled me in every way imaginable.
Nicole moved to grab tissues to divvy out to the wet eyes in our group, which coincidentally was everyone. Marie fastened the locket around my neck and Mrs. Spinelli lifted my gown from the chaise. We were in silent motion, allowing the moment to dissipate organically. Even Johnny refrained from his usual antics.
My silk gown flowed gracefully over my extended belly to my ankles. An intricate design of Swarovski crystals embellished the hem and entwined throughout the dress. The back was bare and a row of crystal buttons trailed from my lower back to the floor. The champagne color shimmered in the light and complemented the cream silk worn by my bridesmaids and the cream linen suit worn by my best man.
Jean’s voice calling us from the opposite side of the closed door was a signal to break our silence. One by one the women I love the most in this world offered generous hugs and compliments as they filed out of the room to get into place for the ceremony.
Johnny primped my hair, fussed over my dress, and brushed some powder over my damp cheeks. “You have something old and something blue in your necklace. Your dress is something new.” He slipped a beautiful white-gold bangle bracelet over my wrist. The bracelet had a single heart charm dangling. “This was my grandmother’s. I used to play with it and spin it on her wrist whenever I sat in her lap. She told me the heart…her heart…belonged to me. She always called me her special boy. Sometimes I think she knew all along that I was gay, but instead of ridiculing me like my father, she named me special, unique, one of a kind. Today this will be your something borrowed.” Johnny took me in his arms and hugged me, “I love you, Claudette.”
“I love you too, Johnny.” He turned and left me with Jean.
“You look beautiful,” Jean spun me around to get a full view. “What do you think of Dino’s gift? He was worried you’d be upset that he altered Clive’s ring.”
“I love his gift. I’ve always wanted to do something with the ring.”
“Mom and dad would be so happy for you. I’m over the moon happy for you.” He smiled and took me in his arms. “Are you ready to do this?”
“Yes,” I muttered over his shoulder. “I’m glad you are here and such an important part of my life.”
“Me too sis, I love you.”
“And I love you.”
He walked me out of the villa at the Hotel Del Coronado toward the beach. Dino rented a handful of the villas and cottages at the famous hotel for our wedding party and guests. A multi-colored, rose pedal aisle, led a path between chairs decorated with cream silk ties. Overlooking the ocean was a pergola, adorned with thousands of white roses and entwined with jewels from the sea.
The violin trio began Somewhere over the Rainbow and Dino came into view. He was the picture of perfection, waiting in a white suit with the wind blowing through his hair.
Jean held onto my arm and kept me from running toward the beautiful spectacle under the rose canapé. “Slow down and enjoy the moment. Take it all in,” Jean whispered midway down the aisle. The rose pedals under foot felt cool and smooth against the contrast of the warm course sand.
At that moment, I was never so glad we invited a small selection of thirty or so guests to celebrate our marriage. Greeting the caring faces of our guests with warm smiles as I passed provided a sense of intimacy. However, diverting from Dino’s gaze was nearly impossible. His love pulled me toward him…toward my new life.
Then, the unforeseen happened. Dino’s aunt leaned into the aisle and spit at our backs.
Jean froze. “That woman just spit at me,” he proclaimed, utterly shocked.
I laughed. My first experience with the spitting was similar to Jean’s reaction. “It’s another Greek thing. Something about chasing away the Devil or spitting on demons…I can’t keep up with all their crazy.”
My walk down the aisle quickly became Lollapa-spit-looza. The non-Greeks were in shock and I thought Johnny would run through and bitch slap the small crowd.
“Jesus Christ. You didn’t tell me to bring an umbrella like at a viewing of the Rocky Horror Picture Show. What’s next? Voodoo dolls?”
“As far as I know, they don’t use voodoo dolls. However, the Greek women I’ve met have an uncanny ability to bend a person’s will to their liking,” I said with sardonic sympathy for the victims.
“Well, if you want to run, get Johnny to go on the lam with you. I’ve got a wife and daughter. I can’t get caught up in their black magic.” He reached over my belly and placed an endearing kiss on my forehead.
Dino waited patiently for Jean to finish our intimate moment. Jean silently looked into my eyes, words an unneeded nuisance at that moment. We were in the process of creating families, building happy lives, and moving on from pain…no longer alone, just the two of us. But we will forever have each other.
“She’s a gem Dino and she means the world to me, take good care of her.” Jean’s eyes filled with tears and he placed my hand in Dino’s open palm.

~   ~   ~

“Don’t be silly. Go out with your friends.” I coaxed Dino. He was reluctant to leave me alone the Friday night after our wonderful week in San Diego. “Your friends are still visiting and you should have a night out with the guys.” My insistence was falling on deaf ears. “I’m going to do my show and head home to sleep.” I sheepishly looked at him across my desk, “The attention you gave my body this week has exhausted me.”
He grinned, unable to plaster a look of guilt on his face. Dino was a dutiful husband during our short honeymoon, to say the least. Attentive with each kiss, every caress, and unlimited orgasms.
“I love your new body. I think we should keep you pregnant for the next six years.” His eyes shut and he actually whistled over the thought.
His comment was ironic. Instead of waiting to have children until I was forty,
Dino hoped to get me pregnant every year until I reached forty.
Johnny walked in and heard Dino’s brazen remark.
“No way Zeus. You get the gooey marshmallow of a woman. I’m left to deal with the ‘I’m-uncomfortable-because-I-swallowed-the-Northern-Hemisphere’ tyrant.” I kicked Johnny in the shin as he placed a file on my desk.
“You’re uncomfortable?” Dino shot out of his seat and was by my side in a flash with concern distorting his handsome face.
I rolled my eyes at Johnny and nailed him with my pregnant death glare.
“Not that I’m complaining, but unless you haven’t noticed, I could shade an NFL offensive line with my belly.” I pushed back my chair and placed my hands on my round belly just in case Dino really hadn’t noticed. He loved my belly to the fault that he may have missed the fact that I was huge. I swear this kid may come out weighing twenty pounds and we will get the cover picture on the next edition of Ripley’s Believe It Or Not.
Dino dropped to his knees. Oh God, he had his crazy screwed on tight. I could kill Johnny for instigating trouble.
“Are you feeling well? Do you have any pain? Should we go to the hospital? Do you want me to call the doctor?” Dino gingerly placed his hands on my Butterball.
Johnny backed away from my desk with the look of fear that at any moment Dino’s head would begin spinning on his shoulders. “Yeah, run you coward,” I hollered.
I took Dino’s hands into mine and looked him in the eyes, “I am fine. I am five weeks away from giving birth to what feels like an entire pumpkin patch.” I sighed to dial back the exaggeration, “But I am healthy, I’m happy, and I’m married to the man I love. These next few weeks are going to be a little,” I needed to find a delicate phrase…not difficult, not uncomfortable, not hard…“challenging.”
His head dropped into my lap. “I don’t want you to keep how you are feeling from me. I don’t want you to go through anything alone.”
“I’m not alone Dino.” God knew I’d love to be alone for five minutes, but between Dino, his mother, Johnny, Nicole, Mrs. Spinelli…the list went on…, I was with constant overzealous, over helpful companionship.
“The guys want to go out tonight after our set and then head to San Diego for some jet skiing in the morning. I’m not staying away from you that long.” His worried eyes contradicted his rigid, squared jaw.
I huffed with frustration, “Please, Dino. I’ll do my radio show and head straight home. You’ll find me curled up on the couch with a book when you get home tomorrow afternoon.” Hell, I was almost going to suggest he hooked up that silly nanny cam he bought and dial up some technological magic on his phone so he could watch me the whole time. Almost.
Johnny marched in, obviously having listened to our conversation. “Your head just spun three hundred and sixty degrees on its’ axis.” He said to Dino using a calming voice like he was talking down a Golden Gate Bridge jumper. “Your crazy is not very becoming. At this point, you should be happy that the beluga whale is mobile and healthy enough to do the horizontal shuffle…or vertical,” Johnny tilted his head and looked at me curiously, “or, however, you are able to get it on these days.” He shook his head to rattle the image. “She’s healthy. She’s fabulous. Go on your ‘guys’ night and try to dial back the estrogen you’ve got implanted in your sac.” He shuttered at that thought too. “Jeez, I know grandmas who are more man than you right now.” Before Johnny shut my office door he tagged on one more insult, “Go be a dude.” Slam.
I peeked at Dino through my fingers that were trying to hide my humiliation over my friend’s verbal diarrhea. Surely Johnny shamed Dino enough; or maybe too much?
Dino stood, adjusted his balls…no wait… it looked more like he was checking to see if they were still attached.
Yes! Just enough humiliation to knock some sense into him.
“You know I love you,” I squeaked with slight trepidation. Then a brilliant idea hit me. “Will you bring me back a treat from Extraordinary Desserts?”
Dino’s eyes lit up, “I’ll bring you one of every damn thing they bake tomorrow.” He lifted me out of the chair into his arms and nuzzled his face between my shoulder and neck. “Text me when you are home safe, and use the security alarm. My mom will be on call if you need anything.”
I stiffened. “Don’t set me up with a babysitter. I’d like some time to myself.”
“I won’t send in the troops if you promise to text me tonight and in the morning so I know you are alright.” He dropped to his knees and leaned into my belly with a kiss, “I’ll see you tomorrow, baby. Take care of your mom for me. I love you.”
Our baby answered Dino with a kick to the palm. Dino melted and I thought I’d have to start the convincing all over again. I was surprised when he kissed me goodbye and left. But not before he stopped to grunt and snort at Johnny.
Johnny hollered from the reception area, “Your husband just pulled out a ruler to compare our dicks. He may have even burped and scratched himself on the way out.”
Chapter 21

Dragging lead feet was not easy as I walked out to my car. I was looking forward to sinking in bed and sleeping for ten hours after a long day. My zombie-like state of mind had my alert levels buzzing at low, which was exactly the way women should not walk through a dark parking garage. Dino would put me on house arrest if he knew.
When I felt the hard nudge of something metal in my side I knew I’d forever regret not heeding the universal warnings for safety.
Instantly, an industrial piece of duct tape was flattened across my mouth and a crazy voice from behind me said, “Get in the car.” A familiar woman’s voice.
My eyes bulged when my patient Jenna Reese pushed me down into the passenger seat of my car. She threw my purse in the back and jumped over my body to climb into the driver’s seat. I thrashed to exit the car, but she elbowed me in the stomach. Fighting her was my best defense, but when she pushed the end of a small gun against my baby, I froze, relenting.
“Don’t even think about it bitch,” she said in a calm yet venomous tone. She moved the gun to my head, “I’ll shoot you and within the next minute I’ll cut my baby out of your stomach.” The button to the keyless ignition was pressed with her free hand and she peeled out of the parking garage.
Fear and confusion nearly paralyzed me, but the drive to keep my little tyke safe kept my senses in commission. My mind reeled to find a solution. “Her baby?” Where was Jenna taking me? Was her husband involved? Why didn’t I foresee this major breakdown?
Panic wasn’t going to help me. I watched her as she seemed to have trouble concentrating, driving, and keeping the gun aimed in my direction. Maybe I could grab the gun and stronghold her to surrender? Or possibly draw attention to my abduction? I reached to check the window. I pushed quietly on the release and nothing happened. Damn, she locked them. Maybe I should ram my arm through the steering wheel and make us crash? The questions kept reeling until I remembered a conversation I had with Dino…
“Just use the app,” he begged. “Keep it activated and if anything happens with you and the baby I will know where you are.”
He was worried about my anemia and fatigue, which at the time was a moot point because I was feeling stronger. Not to mention, placing a tracking device on me seemed a little Jason Bourne extreme.
My phone was still in my jacket pocket and the tracking technology could possibly save my life. Maybe I could distract Jenna long enough to activate the app? Although, the app had gone inactivated for months and Dino may not think to check it. But it was worth a try.
I studied Jenna while she drove down the road toward the freeway entrance. She kept glancing my way, yet avoiding eye contact. Hopefully, she was contemplating the extremity of her actions before this kidnapping went too far.
The cars on the overpass appeared to be moving well over the speed limit. I knew there was construction at our on-ramp. With the traffic moving that fast, Jenna would need to use both hands and concentrate to merge without causing an accident, or bringing attention to the gagged woman in the front seat.
Approaching the ramp, I slipped my hand into my pocket unnoticed. The construction greatly shortened the merge lane and Jenna indeed had to shift her concentration to the rapidly approaching traffic. The bright headlights from oncoming cars lit the cab, disguising the LED from my phone. I glanced down to my pocket and quickly scrolled the apps. Dino’s LoJack or whatever it was should have been the last app. Bingo, I found it!
Feigning concern for Jenna’s driving, I placed my left hand on the dashboard and waited for the exact moment she shifted her gaze over her shoulder to touch the app icon and swipe the activation on. Done! I hit the home key and braced my other hand on the dashboard just in time for Jenna’s acceleration. She didn’t expect the power my little car could exert and we both jerked as the car propelled into traffic.
I had to stay calm and think. As soon as the tape was off my mouth, I would try to talk Jenna down from this manic episode. But in the meantime, fight or flight, I thought? What were my baby’s chances of surviving if I rolled out of the car? Not good, I cringed at the thought. An accident seemed a safer solution, but not at this speed. I would have to wait until we were back on side streets.
Jenna must have sensed my thoughts. I caught a glimpse of the gun swinging through the darkness and before I could react, I felt the sharp pain of metal hitting my temple and my world went black.

~   ~   ~

Dino cradled us against his chest on the couch. His big, hands caressed my belly, tickling our little tyke to get him or her to move. Knowing his voice always got a nudge or two, he began singing John Lennon’s Beautiful Boy. Dino was convinced we were having a boy. His insistence made me smile and Dino kissed the corner of my turned up lips.
We had a few names picked out; however we wanted to wait and see our child before we officially named him or her. I leaned my head against Dino’s shoulder and let his voice lull me to sleep.

~   ~   ~

I woke with a gasp and couldn’t pull any air through my mouth. Dino’s voice and warm caress were a mere dream of our newly appointed, favorite pastime.
My current reality hit me with a sharp pain in my head and a horrible stench. The smell was a mixture of chemicals, charred plastic, and wood. I peeled my eyes open to find myself lying on a dirty mattress in the middle of a dilapidated room. The burned remains of a kitchen were in view and I was beginning to think this was an abandoned house, maybe a meth lab gone bust.
My eyes stung from the air in the house and something sticky covered one side of my head and face. A clanging noise followed my hand when I tried to rub my eyes. My hands were chained to the weight of three cinder blocks on each side of me. The mobility in my legs was also limited, but I couldn’t see past my protruding stomach to learn how Jenna chained them. Desperate for a deep breath, I reached to remove the tape from my mouth.
“No, no, no,” taunted Jenna. She was standing above me, observing my awakening of horror. “You need to drink some water, but I will not take off the tape unless you promise not to scream.”
I stared into her eyes and nodded. Her eyes were completely glazed over and nearly spinning inside her head. She was absolutely checked out from reality. She was someone I didn’t know, someone temporarily insane.
Jenna kneeled next to me and yanked the tape from my mouth. I yelped and drew in a deep breath. A toxic breath. The air was thick with old trash, mildew, chemicals, and charred household remains. Dim light filtered through the mostly boarded up windows. Filth surrounded us. I worked hard to avoid gagging.
Jenna appeared unaware of the grotesque and potentially dangerous environment. An insane person would focus only on the benefits of the surroundings rather than the overwhelming, degenerate scene. And the benefits seemed great from Jenna’s point of view...abandoned, private, and likely in a neighborhood where screams went ignored from fear of violent retaliation.
“Why are you doing this to me, Jenna?”
“I’m not doing anything to you…”
I cut her off and added my name, “Dr. Boucher.”
She shook her head, avoiding personal association. “You stole my baby. You had sex with my husband.” Her voice was that of a demented movie character, slow, deliberate, and monotone.
I looked Jenna in the eyes. “I love Dino. This is my baby with Dino.” She had the crazed look Johnny referred to as ‘crazy eyes.’
Her tilted head and squinted eyes demonstrated that a slight semblance of common sense was working to verify my claim. But the mania was overpowering, “You’re lying.”
No use getting into a playground argument of ‘he said, she said’ with an insane person. I needed to focus on staying alive and keeping my baby safe. “When you hurt me, you also hurt the baby,” I claimed, to keep her ruse alive. Though, I couldn’t bring myself to call my child, her baby.
“Do what you’re told and I won’t hurt you,” she replied and pushed the cinderblocks attached to my arms closer to the center of the bed. Without any explanation, she helped me to a sitting position and held out a bottle of water.
My head protested with excruciating pain while my stomach lurched mere moments before my projectile vomit hit the filthy carpet next to Jenna’s feet. Head pain, vomiting, and blurriness were signs of a concussion.
She didn’t react by leaping away or reaching to help. Her eyes were fixed on my horrid regurgitation like she was doing nothing more than watching Koi swim in a pond.
I wiped my mouth on my sleeve and grabbed the bottle of water. I forced a few sips, ignoring my protesting stomach.
Jenna left some play in the chains, enough for me to move my arms and legs without the risk of attacking.
“I have a concussion. This can’t be good for the baby. I need a hospital.” I tried for an even, unemotional tone, but pain and fear layered through my delivery.
Mentioning the baby snapped Jenna out of her trance. “Maybe it’s time to deliver my baby?” She moved to the opposite end of the room to pick up a tray. She then placed the tray on the ground, just missing the puddle of vomit.
My heart rate increased from panic to near cardiac arrest from the visual on the tray. An array of scalpels and clamps lined the plastic dinner tray by size and potential formidability.
My shocked expression didn’t faze Jenna. All resolve broke when she looked through me instead of at me. She no longer saw me as a human being. I was merely a means to an end. She wanted a baby and in her sick mind, I had one to give.
Tears unleashed from terror and I pleaded, “Please Jenna, the baby isn’t due for another five weeks. Don’t do this. You will kill us both.” I was crying uncontrollably and begging for mercy. I was losing the battle to keep us safe because fear had absolute control of my emotions.
The pain in my head threatened to knock me out and I felt warmth oozing through my scalp. Unable to get the cement blocks to budge, I slumped down in the middle of the mattress and curled my legs up to form a barrier between my baby and the mad woman I should have diagnosed months ago.
Deep breaths helped me calm my crying. I had to stay alert, but my eyes felt heavy. I had to try and move somehow and get a look around the house for a possible escape route. Maybe I could get my hands on a phone or break a window?
“I have to use the bathroom,” I told Jenna, but I had to say it three times before she registered my voice through the thick haze of madness consuming her brain.
Silently she removed a set of keys from her back pocket and unlatched the two padlocks attached to my right ankle leaving me with only one cement block holding down my right foot. She continued the process until I was tethered to four blocks instead of twelve, one at each appendage.
Helping me to a sitting position, Jenna got behind my body to assist pushing me up. My arms were too weak to lift the heavy dangling blocks and movement shot piercing pain through my head.
“I can’t lift the blocks.” And I was too heavy for her lithe frame to hoist me up. How did she get me in the house?
She pushed me back down on the mattress and reattached all the cinder blocks.
“Pee yourself, I don’t care.” Her voice sounded haunted and possessed.
I rested my head back on the dirty mattress in defeat and resorted to doing something I’ve never done before. I prayed. God, please help Dino find us in time.

~   ~   ~

I was pulling against the ties and begging for release. The red jute rope provided a glaring contrast against my fair skin. The intricate design over my swollen body was obviously a feast for Dino’s pleasure. His throbbing cock protruded, from his body. He nipped at my bound nipples and sucked in a strained breath through his nostrils.
“You look unbelievably sexy. My intention is to please you, but this is the most beautiful and erotic scene I’ve ever witnessed.” He breathed in again, trying to gain control, “I’m struggling not to blow.”
As my wedding gift, Dino snuck away and learned Kinbaku from the Master I observed at the Playhouse. My article outlining the rapt sensuality of the Japanese art of bondage, motivated Dino.
His hands were gliding over the sensitive surface of my skin. Every erogenous zone in my body was on fire from the firm and slightly coarse rope. Thankfully, Dino placed a stool behind me to rest on because my legs were shaking from unbridled pleasure.
Just when my release was pulsing from the pit of my abdomen, Dino began untying the rope at my nape. He trailed kisses over the marks on my skin and I groaned with unabashed intensity.
“I’m so close, yet still so far,” I writhed as Dino untangled the elaborate maze of loops and knots from across my clavicle and around my breasts.
“Have I ever told you that I can listen to your sexy moaning until the end of time?”
I shook my head, unable to piece together words to form coherent sentences. Dino knelt in front of me. A simple act to drive my anticipation to staggering levels.
“I should record your sounds and play them in a loop whenever we are apart.”
Dino loosened the rope from my hips and a tinge of blood rushed my core. He held the rope tight against my smoldering need and soothed the indented skin inside my thighs with his tongue. The sensation was both torturous and pleasant, driving my desire to have something…anything…firm against my skin to replace the pulsing indentations left behind from the released bindings.
My breath hitched and held. I’ve never been so aroused in my life.
“Breathe Doll,” Dino soothed.
One deep breath fueled my impending climax and I came as though an arsenal of explosives lit from the depths of my soul. My back arched with sharp precision resembling a bow pulled taut and released. Dino’s name spilled across my lips like a Divine mantra.
My twitching legs were still immobilized, not allowing my release an undue escape. Instead, the pressure imploded in waves with epic shocks honed to my core.
When I finally settled, Dino pulled me into his arms. He embraced me with reverence and devotion like a man in awe, devoured by lust and love.

~   ~   ~

I tugged my legs and woke with a startle when the chain reached its limit. The stench in the airless house also awoke my gag reflex. Oh God, I must have fallen asleep despite my efforts to remain awake.
Part of me wanted to fall back to sleep and continue the dream of our beautiful wedding night. But thinking about Dino reminded me to push through my body’s natural reaction to shut down.
I pinched my nose to breathe only through my mouth. The chains clanked from the movement. I inwardly cringed and scolded myself to remain quiet.
Jenna was sitting in a chair against the far wall with the makeshift surgical tray on her lap. Arranging the tools looked to be a religious experience in her cationic state. Her expression resembled a scene I once witnessed on TV. An evangelist hailed salvation to entranced followers swaying weakly on their limbs, whether intentionally or by the power of God. Only Jenna’s salvation was held within each sharp blade on her sick tray of death.
I also noticed a small handgun on the floor next to her foot. She was completely in her own world, but prepared for an attack.
I just needed to keep doing what I was doing and stay alive until Dino found me. I coached myself hoping to remain composed. I decided it was best not to engage Jenna because conversation seemed to agitate her. I’d hold all my psychoanalyzing as a last resort.
I tried to bury my fear and remain outside of Crazy Jenna’s radar.
I turned my head to see if the water bottle was still on the floor next to me when a loud streaking of tires sounded outside. Jenna grabbed the gun and a knife and slunk to the window. The window was boarded except for a four inch crack at the top. She rushed to drag the chair across the room and stood to see the commotion.
“Shit,” The word trailed through the dank air as she ran back across the room and grabbed the tray.
“What are you doing?” My question barely croaked past my choking fear.
“It’s time to get my baby,” she said with a flat and easy tone. Like relenting at an altar, she knelt next to me with the gun in one hand and a sharp knife in the other.
Resolution to tear me apart echoed behind her unresponsive, dark eyes.
My screaming and fighting ignited her sick, personal pledge. She quickly stood, grabbed one of the cinderblocks and swung it ruthlessly into my ribs. The oxygen deflated in my lungs as I helplessly watched Jenna push a short silver blade into my lower abdomen.
With my final breaths, I screamed and fought to push her off me. The shallow voice escaping my lips pleaded for the attack to stop. I cried for mercy, but my futile attempts to appeal Jenna’s sensibilities went unheard. Short of a miracle, I was going to die. My baby was going to die.
Before the stinging blade sliced further across my stomach, a series of loud crashes sounded. Dino pummeled through the door and burst in like a movie hero strutting through dust and rubble. The sight of Dino was likely a pain induced hallucination, but an awe-inspiring scene.
I heard two gun shots before my last breath was claimed by the sick hand of a desperate woman. My eyelids went heavy with the vision of love in Dino’s eyes and words of adoration on his lips. Salvation arrived one breath too late.
Chapter 22

Dino

Horror ripped through to my soul when I witnessed the demented scene. Claudette’s eyes closed and I wasn’t sure if the first shot hit me and knocked me to my knees or losing my wife and child caused the ripping burn through my body. James stopped in his tracks with the second shot. Beyond his cries of pain and the loud thrumming in my ears, I could hear sirens approaching.
I struggled to reach Claudette before the crazy woman hurt her any further. BB pushed me aside and lunged, deflecting the third shot at the far wall. He punched Claudette’s attacker and pinned her to the ground.
I pushed toward Claudette’s butchered body yelling her name without a response. Blood was everywhere; I covered the cut on her stomach with my hand to suppress the bleeding.
“Wake up Doll,” I cried through my own pain. “Don’t leave me. I love you.” Fuck, why didn’t I find her sooner?
The police stormed the house and Marcus helped assess the scene. Johnny was on their tail.
“Holy shit,” Johnny leapt to my aid. “Claudette, wake up. Who did this?”
The guilty bitch opened her mouth, “That’s my baby.”
“Fuck. Jenna Reese?” Johnny acknowledged, and BB ignoring the room full of law enforcement, punched the bitch again. “She’s Claude’s patient,” Johnny said in total shock.
“Get the fucking paramedics in here,” I yelled, blood seeping from Claudette’s shirt through my fingers.
The officers checked the house and gave the all-clear for an emergency crew to enter. Two EMT’s tried pulling me off Claudette, “Fuck you. I’m not leaving her.”
“You have a gunshot wound. You’re losing blood.” A concerned female EMT tried reasoning.
“My life is nothing without her.” God, please let me bleed my last drop if she dies.
I watched as the paramedics counted to three and shifted Claudette’s limp body to a rolling stretcher. “How far along is she?”
Johnny ran alongside the stretcher to answer questions.
“Does she have a pulse? Answer me! Does she fucking have a pulse?” I yelled over the commotion.
I pushed to my feet and lost my footing. The two persistent EMT’s caught my faltering body and dragged me to an open ambulance.
“Fuck no. I’m going with her.” I punched and pushed trying to free myself from their embrace. Pain seared through my middle and weakened my attempts.
The female paramedic got in my face. “She has a pulse. You are injured and will only get in the way. Let the emergency team help your wife. Help your baby and let her go.”
Claudette’s ambulance doors shut. Johnny was with her. He’d be relentless to keep her alive. He would remind her of everything she had to live for.
God don’t let her die. Please don’t let her fucking die.

~   ~   ~

The bullet went straight through. A clean entrance in and out my side, but they still wanted to take x-rays or a sonogram or something to make sure I didn’t have any internal damage. Then I needed to be stitched up.
“Tell me how my wife and baby are, please?” I repeatedly begged the doctor and nurses. The news about what happened to Claudette traveled fast through the ER. Their expressions were permanently distorted with despondency no matter how hard they tried to inform me of their lack of information. They knew, we all knew, the prognosis was bad.
The familiar Dr. Burges, who treated Claudette the last two times we were here, caught me just outside of radiology. “Your wife isn’t responding, but she’s alive. Your baby is alive, but has suffered a horrible trauma. The doctors are performing an emergency C-section.”
I cried at the relief they were still alive.
“Your wife will need surgery after the doctors deliver your baby. She had a severe head trauma. The surgeon will work to relieve the pressure and repair any damage. She also has a ruptured lung and a broken rib.”
The severity of Claudette’s diagnosis had me trying to get to her. The doctor pushed me back down on the gurney. “She’s in good hands. The best actually.”
“What about my baby?”
“Your baby will immediately get treatment. We have one of the best NICUs in the country. An emergency team is waiting his or her arrival.”
“Constantino,” the wailing call of my hysterical mother rang through the sterile hall and her short legs reached me in a few strides.
“Mom, I’m fine.” I mumbled through fingers working across my face and my chest, checking for injury or healing with love as only a mother could do. “Go to Claudette,” I ordered. “Stay with our baby. They are doing an emergency C-section. Don’t let him or her be alone in case…something happens.” The later coming out as a whisper, afraid to say the words, in case our baby dies.
I turned to the doctor and pleaded, “Please make sure she gets to stay with our baby. No bullshit about birthparents only or privacy or whatever other crap your rules enforce.”
He nodded, unable to speak, but definitely willing to help.

~   ~   ~

Watching her, helplessly, lying in the damn hospital bed was killing me. I split my time between praying vigilantly for Claudette’s recovery and holding our new little man in the NICU. Two days had passed and we were still waiting for the swelling in Claudette’s head to alleviate before the doctors scaled back on the meds to encourage her to wake from the coma.
Flashes of the first time we made love kept filtering through my misery. The moment I buried myself deep inside her warmth, I knew I would never let her go. Hell, I nearly came apart when I held the elevator doors open for her and heard that sexy French accent. But the night she finally agreed to be my wife and the mother of my child had to be the greatest moment of my life.
But here I was, holding on to the love of my life with every prayer I could gather. Life couldn’t be this cruel to take Claudette away from me, away from our son. The thought stifled my breath with a sharp pain through my chest.
“Our little man is amazing. I swear he’s getting bigger and stronger every hour,” I told her, trying to keep my anguish at bay. Our little guy was just over five pounds when he was born and he needed assistance breathing and eating. The doctors were keeping him in the NICU for observation, but he was already showing great progress.
I kept my body still, wishing to feel even the slightest movement from my Doll’s hand.
She remained still and I fell a bit deeper into despair.
“He is the most handsome little man I’ve ever seen. He has a wild head of dark hair.” I snickered at another thought. “He also has a fuzzy, crop of hair on his back and shoulders like a silverback gorilla.” The account of our hairy baby was not shocking enough to rouse her.
“Don’t worry; the doctor said the hairy back is normal. The hair protects them in the womb and it will go away.”
This was fucking insane. I couldn’t keep up the charade.
Looking at her and talking to her like any of this was normal? Like I was unaware that my life was crumbling around me?
My heavy head dropped on our enfolded hands and emotion poured from my soul. Just when I thought my tear ducts were shot to shit, I began crying again.
A soft caress on my shoulder drew my attention. My mom has been a rock through this horrible clusterfuck. Shit, Johnny, Jean, the guys, and Nicole have been here around the clock too. I’m lucky to have such an amazing group of people surrounding me, but I couldn’t help thinking I would never notice the light in my life again if I lost Claudette.
My mind wandered to our wedding day. She was the most beautiful bride. The distance while I watched her walk over the rose pedal aisle felt stifling and I wanted to run and meet her half-way. But I learned enough about her damn independence to know she had to walk towards me and the life she chose.
We had repeated our vows to each other privately several times. Claudette recorded our vows on our phones so we could listen to them whenever life necessitated a wake-up call. My vows moved Claudette to tears:

I had everything I wanted, a career, money, friends, and family. I had suffered my share of loss, but I coped and carved a life out for myself. Until you hit the down button from the parking garage at the Omni hotel and fell into my world. I was completely unaware that I missed the one thing I needed in my life, you. Your kindness, charm, and beauty filled every crevasse of my soul. You have brought me unimaginable happiness. My heart is complete and my love is irrepressible. Every time I see you, it’s as though my life begins all over again. My entire existence, my every pleasure, my next breath depends on our love for each other. I promise to support you and cherish your unique approach to life. I promise to be your partner in all things. I promise to hold you and love you through life’s challenges and joys. I love you, Doll. I loved you the moment your sassy French ass marched into that elevator in your designer suit and ridiculously expensive shoes. I loved you then, I love you now, and I will love you forever.

“Claudette,” my mom said to her daughter-in-law, “has he reminded you yet about the christening? You better wake up. I’m already planning six months out. I think I’ll have the olive oil imported from our village in Greece,” my mom teased.
Still nothing. No movement. No twitch. No eye fluttering. Nothing.
“I’m sorry I wasn’t there for you mom, when dad was in the hospital.” My thoughts have been scattered in a million directions and especially targeted on my mistakes in life. I knew my dad was a bastard, but I should never have let my mom go through losing him alone. Regrets happened to weigh heavy on the heart at the onset of your life ending. And my life would only go on with Claudette.
“Dino, I need to say something.” She paused and with effort, I lifted my head in her direction. “It takes two to ruin a marriage. Your father made his mistakes, but so did I. We had our moments of deep love even until the end. He was a good father. You have allowed your anger and disappointment to overshadow all the good times. It’s about time you learn to let go, and forgive.”
I was shocked now was the time she chose to have this conversation with me. I guess I did bring it up.
“Don’t look at me like I stole an egg out of a hummingbird’s nest and crushed it. Claudette had this exact conversation with me a week before your wedding. Now is as good a time as any to begin thinking about life altering affirmations.”
Since when did my mother and wife become BFF’s? Their first meeting was a disaster. Sometimes I think about my Doll standing butt ass naked in my kitchen while my possessive mother tried to work her over.
“I love her, Dino. She helped me see life from another perspective.” Mom tucked the blanket tighter over Claudette’s shoulders. “She drives me absolutely crazy, but I love her.”
A throat cleared and I turned to find my friends. James winced as he sat in a chair and propped his crutches against the wall. He caught the bullet in his right thigh. An operation removed the bullet and repaired some tissue damage. He was a trooper and said the wound was nothing if it helped save Claudette and his nephew. I knew he was in pain and just manning up. Then again, weren’t we all in pain?
Marcus had his arm around a crying Nicole.
“Bro, we all love her.” Emotion coming from the ever stoic BB was a true testament to the influence my wife had on all of us.
Johnny arrived and I asked, “Who is with our little man?”
“I’ll go relieve Jean and spend some time with my handsome grandson.” I stood and took my mom into a strong embrace to thank her and let her know I loved her.
Johnny moved to the opposite side of Claudette’s bed. “We are with the little tyke around the clock. I’ve convinced your brother and the FF we should hold the little man with our shirts off. The skin on skin contact is nurturing or healthy or something for a new baby.”
Johnny smirked at Claudette as though she was about to call him on his bullshit.
“Well, I saw it on an episode of Grey’s Anatomy. Trust me. The nurses aren’t complaining.” He chuckled, “Don’t worry, I told BB to be careful not to catch one of the little tyke’s fingers in his nipple rings.”
He stared at Claudette like he was mentally trying to make her better.
“It’s really a sight to see, us half naked men, holding your baby against our chests and singing like fools. Although, Marcus, James, and BB softly sing rock anthems instead of lullabies. You will have no one but yourself to blame when your little man belts out AC/DC’s Highway to Hell while the other kindergarteners sing Row, Row, Row, Your Boat.”
He bent over and whispered something I couldn’t hear in her ear. He then found a spot on her cheek free from tubes and tape and gave her a tender kiss.
The guys left me alone after we all hung around staring at Claudette and each other. Even though a few days had passed, the shock over the horror my wife and son went through remained stifling. Marcus had been staying informed through his father and some friends at the precinct about the crazy bitch’s developments. I have spoken to more cops and detectives in the last few days than I have in my entire life. Allegedly, the woman’s husband had no idea she was so far over the deep end or what she had planned. Sometimes, I wish BB had taken her knife and slit her throat. God knows, I would have.
Just thinking about it had anger coursing through me. My grip tightened to uncomfortable levels in Claudette’s hand. I retracted and took deep breaths to calm my surging fury. Rage seemed to be burrowing a permanent home in my soul.
I moved into the bathroom to save Claudette from witnessing my breakdown. Believing she was present and hearing everything we said helped me maintain hope.
The cold water splashing on my face cooled the surface, but my insides remained molten. I grabbed the bag of essentials Nicole brought for me and decided to shave before visiting my son. His skin was so delicate and soft, I didn’t want to chafe him when I snuggled and breathed in his baby fresh scent. Johnny was right. Our little man did seem to be getting stronger every hour. I spent two or more hours with him four times a day, morning, noon, evening, and the middle of the night. I swear each time I returned to the NICU he grew.
The Four Incorporated contracted to donate a hefty sum to the hospital’s NICU for new equipment. An unspoken agreement helped the hospital staff turn a blind eye to the fact that I insisted someone stayed with my son and wife at all times. BB negotiated this gesture to circumvent the privacy and family only rules. Though the donation was for a good cause, I wasn’t sure we needed to line the hospital’s pockets to gain unlimited access. Our horrible trauma tugged at the staffs’ heart strings. A blind eye may have come with the territory of surviving our frightening ordeal. It seemed the entire hospital was pulling for us.
The time to clean up helped calm me back down to a more manageable level of anger and fear. At least until my next episode.
The grip around my heart tightened each time I saw my son. Everyone was bugging me to name him, but I couldn’t consider naming him without Claudette. Actually, I was having trouble thinking about doing anything again without my Doll. The doctors were already concerned that she may have some brain damage; if not permanent then at least temporary, so they said. It’s hard to think of her as anyone but the woman I fell in love with. Regardless, I want her back. She will always be whole and beautiful to me.
“Your mommy is the most beautiful woman in the world,” I whispered over my son’s baby fine hair. He instinctively snuggled into my bare chest and opened his mouth. The nurse told me that the motion was called rooting and he was looking for his mother’s nipple. Every time he rooted my heart sunk over the sad implication.
“The nurse is making your bottle,” I told him as his little legs started kicking in frustration. He had graduated to a tiny, special bottle since he took to sucking so well. Thank God, I hated seeing that damn feeding tube.
The small wrinkles over his eyes reminded me of Claudette when she got upset. In his mother’s true style, he’ll surely have the power to play me like a puppet on a string. God, if we survive this, there’s nothing I won’t do for my perfect little family.
“How are you Mr. Pantopoulos?” The sweet little nurse asked as she placed the bottle into my hand.
“Please, call me Dino, and I’m hanging in there.” Barely, but I’m sure she could see that.
She shifted her gaze to the joy in my arms and guided my hand to position the nipple at my son’s lips. “This will take a while. Make sure you tip the bottle enough to keep the nipple filled with milk, that way he won’t get too much air in his tummy. He’ll fall asleep so you need to wake him. I found earlier that a gentle tickle under his chin does the trick.”
He started sucking not a moment too soon before he threw a total fit. I raised him higher up my chest to listen to the cute mewling sounds he made with each suck. Thankfully my phone was handy to record this momentous occasion for Claudette. Indeed, the little tickling trick helped keep him feeding.
His unmatchable scent lulled my senses until I nearly reached a peaceful state. Blind, I could pick him out in a room full of babies. In his five pound little body, he already had the power to bring me to my knees. Our miracle boy.
Reality leached through my conscience when I felt someone standing beside me. I had fallen asleep. The first few moments of awareness were blissful until my living hell reintroduced itself. At first instinct, I lurched to stand because my arms were empty.
The strong hand on my shoulder stopped my advancement, “I put him back in his little hospital bed.”
BB’s voice knocked my panic back into perspective.
“You needed the sleep bro.”
I looked at my watch. Shit, three hours had passed. I was supposed to be with Claudette.
“Who’s with Claudette?” God I hoped she wasn’t alone. I didn’t want her alone, even for a second.
“Keep it cool Dino. James is with Claudette.” The hand on my shoulder multiplied by two and he pushed me back into the chair.
“He’ll call when he has said something outrageous and Claudette wakes up to slap him across the face.”
A smile, an actual smile crossed my face. “Sounds like something she’d do.”
BB nodded in confirmation.
“Hey man, I never properly thanked you for lunging at the crazy bitch. You saved Claudette and my son’s life.” And James, oh God, James took a bullet. Marcus rallied his cop connections. I owe these guys my life.
BB diverted his eyes to the floor. He hated praise or recognition. It was ironic that the last man on earth wanting to draw attention would be so outrageously inked. Maybe that was why the ink and piercings were so bold? Onlookers tended to judge him and turn away. Fuck, I’m sounding like Claudette when she’s on one of her psychobabble kicks.
“It was nothing you wouldn’t have done if the tables were reversed.” That was the truth.
“Listen, your sisters brought dinner. They are in the waiting room. You need to eat man.” BB was pulling his shirt off drawing that much unwanted attention from the nurses and other visitors.
“I can stay. You go eat,” I said shaking him off.
“No man. I’m a little irritated that you’ve broken into my time. The competition is steep to win the coveted ‘favorite uncle’ spot.”
BB was serious. Dead serious. My son will never have a neglected childhood like ours. He’ll forever have love and support.
I gave in. I stood to slip my shirt back on and BB smirked.
“You know this was probably just a ploy for Johnny to get us to run around the hospital half naked.”
BB got another smile from me. “Yeah, you’re right, but we are doing something helpful because the little man is getting stronger.”
BB reached out and gave me a man hug. The only other time he did that was the day I got married. Oh, and maybe our college graduation. But never with his shirt off.
“He’s from good stock. He’ll pull through and so will Claudette.”
His tone inflected belief and conviction. From BB’s mouth to God’s ears, I silently prayed.

~   ~   ~

The doctors had begun to suggest gently, that as time passed, Claudette’s prognosis worsened. One doctor rattled off some statistics supporting his doom and gloom. I’d be fooling myself if I didn’t admit, I was damn worried. It has been four days since the swelling in Claudette’s brain went down and we hoped to see signs of her awakening.
Ironic, the word coma comes from the Greek word meaning deep sleep. My Doll didn’t look like she was asleep. I could recount the many times I watched her sleep. Her eyelashes would flutter. A slight smile would cross her lips every once in a while. She’d make adorable mewling sounds when my lips would meet her flesh and I’d pull her flush against my body.
No, she wasn’t sleeping; she was gone, traveling to meet her Maker. I felt it; the pull and release of her presence. I knew when she was here with me, and I knew when she was away. She was probably giving Him hell, arguing relentlessly about science, progress, and injustices. She could be relentless in her pursuit for answers. I could only pray that Heaven would wait and she’d be returned to us, so for a while longer, she could fill our lives with laughter and our hearts with love. We needed her, the people who knew her and loved her, and the souls who haven’t yet been graced by her touch. I needed her.
The bleeding kept seeping through my bandages. The doctors were threatening to put me on bed rest. Their threats went unnoticed. I wasn’t leaving Claudette or my son to lie in bed.
I winced from the pain with each shift, each deep breath, but stayed under radar from the doctors and nurses. The pain also couldn’t stop me from singing. I was working my way through Claudette’s playlists. I wanted her to have a constant stream of reasons to return.
The slow piano and Chris Martin’s voice started droning about the inevitable aspects of life that stifle progress and illicit hurt. I prayed again that Claudette would have a chance to follow the light back home. I sang along to Coldplay’s Fix You. My voice cracked with emotion throughout the chorus.
The hum of BB’s harmonica filtered from behind me. Marcus and James picked up the lyrics. I sat against the back rest, wincing from my physical and emotional pain, and listened. The guys were all so talented, anyone of them could have been the lead singer of our little cover band. Shit, I didn’t think there was an instrument BB couldn’t play.
When the song ended, Jean paused the music on Claudette’s phone. “Play something for us?” he asked BB.
BB nodded and started playing Neil Young’s Heart of Gold. Marcus and James sang along to the sweet whistle of BB’s harmonica. They were halfway through the song when Johnny blew in.
“Enough with the Kumbaya love fest,” Johnny protested and walked to the opposite side of Claudette’s bed. He was all fired up about something. “Look here,” he ordered Claudette. “I am leaving now to raid your closet. I’m going to fill my trunk with your shoes. For every hour you don’t wake up, I’m going to take a sledge hammer to a pair of your precious loves.” He stopped to think, “Well, maybe not a sledge hammer because I don’t own one. Maybe cuticle scissors or something, but I guarantee the result will be ugly. I think I’ll go alphabetical starting with Blahnik…or wait, you may have a pair of Atwood.”
He leaned in and got right in Claudette’s face, probably looking for a flinch. Fuck, if anything could make her flinch it would be threatening her shoe collection. We couldn’t get a dog because she was afraid a puppy might chew a heel off one of her hundreds of pairs of designer shoes.
“It will kill me if you make me reach the M’s and I have to destroy that pair of Miu Miu’s.” He responded like she spoke to him, “Yeah, I remember them. And I know where you hide them.”
He stared again, but Claudette didn’t move. Agony was threatening Johnny’s expression. An agony that had become all too familiar. But I saw a new emotion creep over Johnny’s face, an emotion that scared the holy Fuck out of me, despair.
“Look Doc, you need to wake up. We need showers and sleep. There are six of us men around the clock with you or little Johnny. Yeah, that’s what I’m calling him now because the nurses have resorted to calling him Little P. Do you know what that kind of name can do to a kid in the locker room? It’s not pretty. So besides the fact that your son needs a name; you need to wake up because we are beginning to fill this hospital with a nasty stank. And not your sexy, musky, pheromone smell…no…it’s that disgusting stench we get right under our sweaty balls after several days without a shower. Plus, I don’t even want to think about the smell coming from Nicole.”
Nicole flipped Johnny the bird.
I could almost hear his silent pleas when he paused…come on, open your eyes, and wake up.
He reached and gently placed a hand on Claudette’s forehead. “We need you. You are the yin to our yang. You are the grace to our caveman. You are the sweet smell to our stench. You are the beauty to our ugly. You offer the only love bright enough to fill our breaking hearts.” He spoke the truth for us all.
Johnny used the palm of Claudette’s hand to wipe away his tears. Then he jumped up and left without another word. Through the window, I watched him fall into Monty’s arms, his shoulders shuddering from sobs.
The room was stunned to silence. We have nowhere to go with ourselves if Johnny was losing hope. Johnny had been holding the hope-court for Claudette’s recovery.
Clinging to hope and prayer for a miracle was keeping us somewhere within the realm of sanity. Could Johnny’s reaction be the frightening proof? The truth the doctors have alluded to? Was hope gone?
The room went empty when my inconsolable tears made an appearance. I decided to torture myself beyond repair and played the recording of Claudette’s vows.
You took my perfectly executed life-plan and shattered it into a trillion pieces. And then one by one, you artfully joined the pieces and reinvented a better plan, a better life, and a remarkable path to ultimate fulfillment. You took a lonely, over ambitious woman and helped me see the life I thought I lost fourteen years ago. A life with family and friends. A life of support and love. You are a special man Dino Pantopoulos. My very next smile will be because you love me. My next success will be because you support me. My next breath will be because I am alive when I am with you. Our love is the tether to my existence and the center of my happiness. Every day another shard from those trillion little pieces will be placed on our path to help build our future together. I promise to respect the Harleys. I promise to honor you with my actions and cherish you with my love. I promise to support you and sometimes obey you. I promise to find solace in your arms for all eternity. But most of all, I promise to be by your side through all life’s joys and sorrows until my love morphs into the most beautiful spectacle this world has ever experienced. Our love will only grow from here. I love you without boundaries, I love you without end.
Epilogue

3 months later….

Niko’s wet gummy smile shot straight to my heart when I opened the door to get him out of his car seat. The damn five or fifteen point harness contraption was designed to trip up the dads. “If mommy was here, she wouldn’t fumble with these fu…. silly straps.” God, I had to watch my language.
My mom dressed Niko in a little pair of navy blue pants with a blue button down shirt under an argyle sweater. He looked cute, but a little too 90’s yuppie for my taste. “We’ve got to put a leash on grandma’s visits to Nordstrom.”
Niko laughed. He thought everything I said was funny.
Nothing today was funny. I woke knowing I would be facing a tough emotional afternoon. I haven’t been sleeping well. The scene from Claudette’s abduction was causing nightmares. I kept smelling the stench of that house and remembering the blood surrounding her head and pouring from her middle.
This morning while I shaved, I read the words I had tattooed across my chest and abs. The snippet of vows was a symbol of the love that tightened around my heart every time I thought of my Doll. Chuck did a phenomenal job. He inked the wedding vows in the shape of an inverted pyramid. Each word was reversed so I could read them in the mirror, every day for the rest of my life…

Our love is the tether of my existence and the core of my happiness.
My next breath will be because I’m alive when I’m with you.
I promise to find solace in your arms for all eternity.
I love you without boundaries,
I love you without end.
Only yours,
Doll.

Niko touched the ring on my lip and pulled me back to the here and now.
“Grandma says we need closure,” I sighed, nervous and choked-up as I ascended the path at the cemetery toward the large oak tree in the distance. “She says I’ll be a better father if I can let go of the past and forgive.”
I noticed my priest’s car parked along the grassy knoll. My mom was determined to help me find peace.
Anger and despair kept me from attending the funeral. I’d been drowning in the loss and guilt. Allowing it to consume me and make decisions for me. As a father, I knew I needed to face my fears and my mistakes, but being a father didn’t make it any easier to carry my feet over the path toward the tombstone I’d never laid eyes on.
Wanting to be a good father, however, did give me the courage to take the necessary steps.
The tops of heads caught my sight over the hill in the distance. My friends were all here in support. They’ve pulled me through some dark places and remained steadfast and strong whenever I needed them.
My pace quickened at the sound of a particular bark of laughter.
A laugh, I was committed to hearing every day for the rest of my life.
A laugh, more beautiful than a choir of angels.
A laugh, powerful enough to keep me in line and encourage greatness.
A laugh, I almost lost.
Then, Niko’s giggle joined in the chorus and the music transcended the most beautiful orchestrations in the world.
Her wheelchair came into view. Blocking my full sight of her was Johnny, telling an animated story and making everyone crack-up.
Leave it to Johnny to ease me through another awkward and trying moment in my life. The moment I finally offered a proper goodbye to my father.
But first, my feet rushed to give my miracle-wife a loving hello. She scared the shit out of me when she remained in a coma for two more weeks after the doctors expected her recovery. Other than dizziness, headaches, and slight memory losses, she was whole, complete, and as feisty as ever.
Every time I was away from her for more than a few minutes, I replayed her awakening in my mind. I awaited the day my life would go back to normal and the memories would at least fade to a tolerable level.

~   ~   ~

Once the doctors released our son from the hospital, we didn’t leave. We camped in Claudette’s hospital room. The last thread of hope I held onto was the faith that our love would guide her back to us.
One day when I was out of my mind with desperation, I decided to place our son on Claudette’s chest, skin on skin. Everything about him called to my senses. I figured the warm, intimate contact helped heal him, so maybe it would heal Claudette too. After an hour of sleeping with our son against her heart, I felt movement in her hand that I held resolutely. Our son made slight cooing sounds as though he intuitively knew his mother was coming back to him. I begged and cried for her to live and come home.
I hit the nurse’s call button and every red emergency switch I could find near Claudette’s bed. Siren’s wailed while nurses stormed the room, but all I could hear were the faint sounds of my son and Claudette’s murmurs. The doctor flashed a light in her eyes and she flinched and instinctively placed her arm on our son.
In my head, the chaos around us seized when she mumbled my name.
“Dino,” she said weakly.
“Yes, Doll. I’m here,” The words cracked past my tears of relief.
“Our baby?” she panicked.
I had a strong hold on him, but he was still on her chest. “He’s here too. He’s safe and healthy. We missed you.” My sobs couldn’t relent. I laid across her and our son, and released every ounce of fear and desolation I had imbedded in my soul.
“He,” she said softly with a smile.
The doctor and nurses stepped aside to witness our family reunion. I heard a nurse blast through the industrial double doors to the waiting area and holler, “She’s awake!”
Within seconds, Jean, my mom, and Johnny burst into the room. They stormed her bedside and relented to their own declarations of love and cries of relief. I noticed Claudette’s responses were delayed and she looked overwhelmed.
The room silenced when Claudette weakly began forming a question. “Why am I naked in front of your mother again?”
We broke into laughter. She had her memory, her humor, and her unmistakable sass.
“Please, sit me up and let me look at my son.” She worked to get both her arms around the small package on her chest and I covered her the best I could with the sheet.
Everyone stood back and watched Claudette inspect our little man. She spoke softly to him in French. There wasn’t a dry eye in the room. I helped her undress him. She counted his toes and fingers, “Une, deux, trois…” She rolled him to his stomach and rubbed her hands over his back, “There’s no gorilla hair. He’s perfect.”
I smiled. She heard me while in that damn coma. I knew she was aware.
With my help, she lifted his tiny body to her face and breathed in his scent. His long, wrinkly legs kicked and his arms grabbed for contact.
Claudette looked at me with eyes swimming in tears, “I remember. We survived.” Her tears fell and she cradled our little man in her lap. “C’est un miracle.”
She turned to Jean and apologized for scaring the crap out of him. She threatened Johnny’s life if he harmed any of her shoes, and she thanked my mom for staying with me throughout the horrible ordeal.
When her eyes turned to me, I barely held my composure, “It’s over. One small detour on our path. I love you, I’ll never leave you.”
I shook my head at her attempt to downplay the most life-altering event of our lives. She may have survived, but I would carry the horrific memory to my grave. She read my mind and reached out to me. I pulled her in my arms and felt my heart and soul ease back into a peaceful communion.
“Nikolas,” she said. “Nikolas Andre Pantopoulos.”

~   ~   ~

I should have been more sensitive to the reason we stood beside my father’s grave. But hell, I hadn’t seen Claudette all morning and I needed to gain my bearings. I found an uncovered spot on her neck and burrowed my face against her skin. A pansy move, I knew, but insuppressible.
Claudette broke through my madness, “Dino, I’ve been away from you for three hours. You need to achieve some semblance of control.” She chided me, but she couldn’t disguise the worry in her voice.
She’s banned me from her office again. I’ve struggled not to hover and rent a team of Navy SEALS for her protection. My Doll and that damn pit-bull Johnny complained about me suffocating her. They were a force I was unable to penetrate. But I got my way with the wheelchair. She’d keep the chair until her dizziness and headaches subsided. I knew she was only sitting in it now for my benefit. I knew she mocked me each time she was out of my sight and out of that chair.
She can mock my overprotectiveness all she wanted because my reward was to hold her and kiss her whenever she was in reach. My compensation was in the luxury of caressing her soft skin against my body at night. My payment was her moans of pleasure when I made love to her.
Yet, I lived for the gold star. The amazing, bright miracle I witnessed, each time I heard my Doll’s laughter and elicited my son’s smiles. Shine on, my amazing miracles. Shine on, eternally.

####
Read more about Dino and Claudette in BB’s adventure to find love, coming winter 2014, Without Words.


Website: Senault.com
Facebook: A.R. Senault
Twitter: @AR_Senault

Claudette and Dino’s Playlist
~   *   ~   *   ~

Give Into Me Garrett Hedlund & Leighton Meester, from Country Strong
Hairdresser On Fire Morrissey
Give It 2 U Robin Thicke
Claudette Roy Orbison, 1985 Version
Romeo and Juliet Dire Straits
I’m Goin’ Down Bruce Springsteen
Kind and Generous Natalie Merchant
We’ve Got Tonight Bob Seger
You’re My Choice Tonight Teddy Pendergrass
Beast of Burden The Rolling Stones
Don’t Be Cruel Elvis Presley
Brass In Pocket The Pretenders
Tonight’s The Night Rod Stewart
Sexual Healing Marvin Gaye
The Golden Age Beck
Where Will I Be, Goodbye, All My Tears Emmylou Harris
Crush Dave Matthews Band
Crazy Baby Joan Osborne
Poetic Justice Maura O’Connell
Here With Me Dido
Feel To Believe Beth Orton
I’m Yours Jason Mraz
Somewhere Over The Rainbow Israel Kamakawiwo’ole and of course Judy Garland
Beautiful Boy John Lennon
Fix You Coldplay
Heart Of Gold Neil Young
Highway To Hell, AC/DC
Acknowledgements

One day my ten year old son asked me what I was going to do when I went back to work. I told him that I’d likely teach. Then he asked a very telling question that embodied the untarnished innocence of a child. He asked, “What would you do if you could do anything you wanted?”
“Well,” I answered, “I’d be a writer.”
Then he simply responded, “You should be a writer. You’d be a good writer.”
He wasn’t the first person to have told me that, but he was the most profound.
And someday, I’ll write a book that I’ll allow him to read.
Today, I thank you for reading Without End. I fell in love with the FF the minute I created them. I wanted to become friends with Johnny and Claudette from the second Johnny told his boss that she is among the older crowd on Melrose. I just love brutal honesty. But without you, my characters would lay limp on the pages and never come to life.
I have the best Beta Readers. I call them, The Betas, like a band, because they are Rock Stars! I imagine them in Go-Go boots, leather mini-skirts, and torn up old Sex Pistol or Blondie concert t-shirts. I’d like to thank Silvia on vocals, Ava on the electric guitar, AnnMarie Stone on drums, Jennifer on bass guitar, and Amy on the keyboard. They hit every note with enthusiasm.
Every girl needs good friends and I’ve got the best. Nic, GI Jane, and the Greek have supported me, protected me, drank with me, and loved me; probably when I needed to be slapped silly.
Mostly, I’d like to thank Lally for taking me to the library every week as long as I can remember and for ruining Italy for me. We share a language and we’ve built a world around our unique play with words and phrases. Nobody could ever win against us in Pictionary or Taboo!
Lastly, my husband and sons deserve a big thank you. Thank you, Sizleri Seviyorum.
