Working On Love
Book #6 of The Griffin Brothers
by Crystal Perkins
Smashwords Edition
Copyright (c) 2014 by Crystal Perkins
Cover Design by Helen Williams
http://www.allbookedout.com/
Ebook formatting by Jesse Gordon
All trademarks are owned by their respective companies and are denoted by the use of proper capitalization of the company and/or brand.
All rights reserved. Without limiting the rights under copyright reserved above, no part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in or introduced into a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form, or by any means (electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise) without the prior written permission of both the copyright owner and the above publisher of this book. This contemporary erotic romance is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, brands, media, and incidents are either the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. The author acknowledges the trademarked status and trademark owners of various products referenced in this work of fiction, which have been used without permission. The publication/use of these trademarks is not authorized, associated with, or sponsored by the trademark owners. This ebook is licensed for your personal use only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person you share it with, especially if you enjoy sexy, emotional, romance novels with alpha males. If you are reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then you should return it and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the author’s work.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
About Working On Love
Other Books by Crystal Perkins
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Epilogue
Acknowledgements
About the Author
About Working On Love
She gave up on love,
and it may cost her everything...
Alex Griffin had her heart broken when she was younger, and she’s never recovered. Settling for the nice guy she met at a show seemed like a good idea at the time. Until he started blackmailing her with the sex tape he secretly filmed of their first time together. It’s not money he wants, it’s her submission to him in ways that scare her. She’s held him off, but she knows that’s it’s only a matter of time before she’ll have to give in—or embarrass her family. To top it all off, Miles Corrigan has come back into her life, and proves that he hates her just as much now as he did six years ago. At least she has a job she loves, and new friends who care about her, but will they be enough to keep both her body, and her heart, safe?
He walked away from the girl he loved,
and stopped caring about everything...
Miles Corrigan was in love once, and honestly, he still is. He couldn’t have the girl he wanted then, and after he’s slept his way across the country, she wouldn’t want him now. He’s already given up his dream, and his dream girl, so there’s no point in changing. Until he learns that Alex Griffin is in trouble. He’ll risk everything to keep her safe, even if it means revealing that he’s in love with her. And that he stopped being her friend because he never thought they could be together. He’s done fighting his feelings, and decides to let himself be happy for once in his life. But he didn’t keep his biggest enemy close enough, and he’s not the only one who’s paying for that mistake.
An enemy neither one of them saw
coming will try to destroy them both...
Finding out just how twisted people can be, Miles shuts Alex out once again. They’ve gotten past her overprotective uncles, and the unsettling presence of his ex-lovers, but he can’t accept the fact that she’s suffered because of him. After the truth is revealed to her, Alex will pull out all the stops in order to show him that he’s more than worthy of the love she feels for him. Will it be enough for Miles to forgive himself, and accept that love, or will he go back to his old ways?
Other Books by Crystal Perkins
Gaming For Love (The Griffin Brothers #1)
Building Our Love (The Griffin Brothers #2)
Creating A Love (The Griffin Brothers #3)
Learning To Love (The Griffin Brothers #4)
Designing The Love (The Griffin Brothers #5)
For all the readers who’ve read this series,
and fallen in love with the Griffins.
There wouldn’t be a book 6 if it wasn’t for you!
Chapter 1
Alex
I’m excited as I walk into the Corrigan & Co. Las Vegas building for my first day of work. I’ll be working with Jane Corrigan in the foundation part of the company. Well, actually, I guess I’ll be directly reporting to Reina, who is her second-in-command. I’ve seen the foundation on the news quite often, helping women around the world. I want to be part of something like that, even if I might need help myself.
I’m supposed to be in summer school right now taking extra voice lessons, but I just couldn’t do it. I loved to sing in high school and thought it was what I wanted to do as a career, until that love was taken from me; stolen from me by the man I pretended to love. I say pretended because only one boy has ever truly held my heart. He didn’t want it then, and now, as a man, he’d want it even less. But it’s his.
I thought Nick would be a good substitute. He’s definitely hot and was very nice when I met him at The Smith Center, where I was watching a performance. It wasn’t until after we slept together, and he told me I wasn’t adventurous enough, that things took a bad turn. Never mind that I’d been a virgin when we got together. He thought I was going to be like that girl in that book. He even built himself a “special” room. I still haven’t been in that room, but I have let him tie me up and spank me a little. I mean, I was going to keep having sex with him anyway—it’s not like I’ll be virgin again if I don’t. The sex isn’t a big deal— I’m just not interested in doing the things he wants.
Unfortunately, I may not have much of a choice. The bastard secretly videotaped our first time. He threatened to release it when I told him I was leaving him. I have no doubt that he’s continued to videotape us, but I’m powerless to stop it. My uncles were all a little wild, but my family would seriously freak if I had a sex tape released. They all think I’m so sweet and innocent. I’m not. I mean, I’m not wild, but I’m almost nineteen, not a little girl.
On top of pressuring me for crazy sex, Nick also likes to tell me how much I suck at singing. I thought our shared love of music is what attracted him to me, but I was wrong. So wrong. He belittles me every chance he gets. Not just about singing, either. I’m confident enough in myself to not let it get me down, but it’s draining to listen to it over and over again.
I’m hoping that working here, with this group of strong women who help others, will give me an idea of how to extricate myself from this mess. I’ve been doing okay so far, but I have a feeling things are going to escalate in a bad way. His emotional abuse has been ramping up, and I know I’m not going to be able to keep holding out on him when it comes to his kinkier fantasies. Something’s coming, and I think it may happen around my birthday next month.
I push those thoughts aside as I walk into the Corrigan & Co. Foundation offices. I see my desk. Or what will be my desk once I’m trained. Right now there’s a beautiful woman with red hair manning it. She’s intent on whatever’s on her tablet, so she doesn’t notice me right away. When she does, she surprises me by jumping up and coming around the desk to hug me.
I’m surprised to see her plaid shirt with jeans tucked into cowboy boots. Especially since when she speaks to me, there’s no southern accent. “Hi Alex. I can call you Alex, right?”
I come out of my daze at her question and look up into her smiling face. “Yeah. Sure. You can call me that.”
“Great. I’m Tegan. Let me tell you, the girls and I are beyond happy that you’re here. We’ve been taking turns manning this desk, but we kind of suck at it.”
“It’s that hard? I didn’t think it was that hard.”
“It probably isn’t, but we’re used to doing other things, so it’s hard for us.” She laughs, and I join in.
“Okay, good. You scared me a little.”
“Don’t be scared of us. We’ve all got your back and absolutely love your grandma and your aunts.”
“You’ve met them?”
“Yep. And now I’ve said more than I should.”
“What? Why?”
Before she can answer, Reina walks into the lobby. I met her when I interviewed with Jane. She is drop-dead gorgeous, and kind of scary, if I’m being honest. She’s about 5’8” tall with long black hair that has some brown mixed in. Her skin is tan, but it looks as flawless as porcelain, although she’s definitely not a fragile doll. She’s in a dress that’s sexy, but makes her look powerful at the same time. I think she’s in her late twenties or early thirties, but although she’s young, you can tell she’s someone you wouldn’t want to mess with. I also know she’s compassionate. She wouldn’t have her job if she wasn’t.
“There you are, Alex. I had a feeling that Tegan might have been detaining you.”
“Sorry, Rei. I was just so excited to meet her.”
“Everyone else is, too. Lock the door, Teeg, and meet us in the Society conference room.”
“You got it, boss.”
Reina and I start to walk away, but she frowns and turns before we get far. “And, Tegan? Why is country music playing in here?”
“You know it’s my favorite.”
“Switch it back,” she tells her, sounding stern but smiling at the same time.
“Tegan’s nice.”
“Yes she is, Alex. We have a group of wonderful women who work for the foundation. I’m glad you’ll be joining us.”
“Me too. Thanks for hiring me.”
“You’re welcome, but in all reality, you did us a favor. We weren’t sure who we could get for the job. Olivia was going to try and fill in part-time until we found you.”
“Olivia?”
“Yes, Olivia,” she tells me as she steps in front of some large doors. There are no door handles, and I know my eyes widen as she places her palm on the wall beside it then proceeds to have both her hand and eye scanned. Through the wall, it’s like something out of a sci-fi movie. The doors slide open and she motions me in.
I walk in and what I see stops me in my tracks. There’s a huge table in the middle of this giant room. It’s shaped like a star, and has seats around all the points. There are also seats in a circle around the main table. The walls have monitors on all sides, along with some desks. It’s not the set-up that’s freaking me out. It’s who’s at the table and chairs.
Jane is at the top tip of the star. Reina goes to sit next to her, and a blonde is already sitting on her other side. She’s dressed nothing like Reina—she has on glasses, her hair is in a messy bun, and she’s got on a baggy sweatshirt—but she’s just as gorgeous. Matt is sitting in the chair behind them. That’s a little weird, too. He’s the President and CEO of Corrigan, so I wouldn’t expect him to be sitting in the second ring of chairs. He’s not the only surprise, though.
My grandma’s at the point to her left. She has a stunning woman on each side of her, as well. One has light brown, almost blonde, hair and blue eyes. The other is Latin and smoking hot. I’m not gay, but even I can appreciate the sexiness radiating off of her. Behind them, in the outer chairs, are my aunts who are all smiling at me. Against the wall is my Uncle Scott. He’s smiling, too. I’m not sure what to make of this, but I decide to finish looking around before I speak.
On the other side of Jane is Cyndi Evans and two more women. One of them is Tegan. The other looks like she may be part Asian, with brown hair going past where I can see it. Where do they find all these women? Are they models? Cyndi’s granddaughter Mara, and her wife, Leila, are sitting behind them.
Closer to me, Mallory Daniels sits with another two women, and Quinn is behind her. These women are like pin-ups, one with long, white blonde hair; the other with bright orange hair that barely brushes her shoulder. Both are flawlessly made up, although they’re dressed very differently. The blonde looks like she walked off the pages of a magazine, while the redhead is in a black leather dress.
Finally, I look to the other side and see Helen Wilson. The women with her, are of course beautiful, but also as different as the other pairs are. The one with reddish brown hair looks almost like royalty, while the one with brown hair and short bangs could be a rock star. Zane is at a desk behind her.
After I look around at everyone, I turn back to look at Jane. She smiles at me, and then turns to Reina, who stands. “Welcome to the Society, Alex.”
Matt bursts out laughing before I can respond. “Really, Princess? You sound like some 90s movie.”
“That’s enough, Matthew. Please continue, Reina.” Matt shuts up and looks serious again. His grandmother is not someone you mess with. Neither is mine.
“As I was saying, we’re more than just a foundation, Alex. On a daily basis, all of us do help women around the world, but we do so much more. As a Griffin woman, you were going to find this all out on your twenty-first birthday, but since you’re our new receptionist, you’ll need to know it all now. You may sit in the seat right there. It will be your seat for our meetings in here.”
I’d noticed the extra chair at the middle of the bottom of the star. I pull it out and sit down. Once I’m comfortable, Reina continues. “Over a decade ago, Jane and Cyndi decided that they wanted to be more than just socialites. They wanted to make a difference. One of their friends had been beaten by her husband, but was too scared to go to the police, because he was a powerful man. With the help of a woman high up in law enforcement, they took him down on their own.
“Soon after, they met your grandmother. Your grandfather’s business was taking off, and she was attending society functions. They saw a kindred spirit in her, and when they told her what they were thinking of, she immediately agreed to be a part of it. She suggested that they include her friends, Helen and Mallory. A few well-placed calls, and anonymous investments, allowed their families to move up the social ladder. It was important that all the women held powerful positions, so that they could meet more people and find more women to recruit. Jane convinced her husband to create this foundation, although he didn’t know what the true purpose would be.
“The first women recruited were all law enforcement and military trained. The parameters of recruitment have changed, as times have changed. The ten of us here, with you, bring different strengths to the table. Once we were invited in, we all had training in weaponry, martial arts, technology, language, fashion, and etiquette. The only grades for those classes, which are taught by past and present agents, are pass or fail. Failure is not an option if you want to remain here, so we all made sure to pass. While we still retain our original strengths, we can seamlessly fit into any situation.
“That’s exactly what we do. We go undercover and rescue women who need it. We take down, and sometimes out, men and women who are victimizing women. All in all, we just generally try to do what we can to protect as many people as we can. We can’t save everyone, and not every mission is a success, but we do the best that we can, always. We also help friends and family on smaller missions when they need it.”
My mouth is hanging open. I know it is. This is just—wow! My grandma is part of a group of secret agents.
“I know this is a lot to take in, and I’m sorry to spring it on you, but you have to know everything if you’re going to work here. We’ll try to answer any questions you have.”
I do have one. Well, I have more than one. But there’s one I’m really curious about. “If this is all about women, why are Matt, Zane, and Uncle Scott here?”
“Each woman can tell one man in her family. We needed Scott to build our computer system and maintain it. Helen wanted Zane to know once Mallory told Quinn. And we had no choice with Matt.”
“Why didn’t you have a choice, Princess?”
Reina closes her eyes and takes a deep breath before answering. “We needed Matt’s help, as well as that of his friends, when a mission turned ugly.”
“You needed my help. Don’t include everyone else. It was your screw-up that almost cost Darcy her life.”
“Yes. It was. I needed Matt’s help to save Darcy.”
The leather clad redhead is out of her seat before I even register that she moved. She leans down into Matt’s face. “Shut the fuck up, Matt. She couldn’t know that things would go wrong. I appreciate you and your guys helping rescue me, but if you ever blame her again, I’ll cut your balls off.”
The other “agents” are standing and glaring at him, too. “Everyone sit down. Matt has a right to his opinion, and we do owe him. We wouldn’t have extracted Darcy without his help.” Reina still looks like she’s seconds from falling apart, which scares me more than her normal glare. It also makes me angry.
“You’re an ass, Matt. Just like your brother.”
Tegan lets out an ear-splitting laugh. “You’ll fit right in here, Alex.”
“I think you will, Alex. If you still want the job. You’ll be in no danger, of course, but I know it’s a big secret that we’re asking you to keep.”
“I can keep a secret. And I think it’s cool what you’re all doing.”
“Great. Ainsley will train you on all our systems this week, while Tegan helps cover the desk.”
Reina practically runs from the room and most of the other women follow. They all smile as they walk past me; a few stop for hugs. Matt starts to walk out, but Jane stops him. “My office, Matthew.”
“I have meetings, Gram.”
“That wasn’t a request.”
“Fine. Lead the way.”
Wow. I guess grandma trumps CEO. Speaking of grandmas, mine’s still in the room with me, along with my aunts, my uncle, Quinn, and Zane. I’m kind of glad. I had more questions, but I didn’t want to keep everyone from their jobs, not when I now know how important what they do is.
“You have more questions, don’t you, Alex?” Yasmin asks me.
“Yeah. I mean, I know Corrigan & Co. moved their headquarters to Vegas because Mitchell Corrigan had requested it in his will.” He’d grown up in the city and wanted to help the economy with the jobs his company could bring here. “But, is that why we moved here, too?”
“Yes. I convinced your grandfather that this would be a great place to relocate. The architecture is some of the most diverse in the country.”
“I can work anywhere, but there’s a good tech industry here, too,” my Uncle Scott adds.
“Okay. And there were two of those gorgeous women with each of you at your points on the star. Did you pick them?”
“Yes. I recruited Isabelle and Audrey. I should’ve introduced you, but I thought you were getting a lot of information already. All of the women are really wonderful. They wouldn’t be working with us if they weren’t.”
“Do their families know about what they do?”
“They know that they work for the foundation. One person in their family knows the true nature of their job, so they can help cover if they have to be gone for extended periods of time.”
“What if they want to leave?”
“Then they leave. Each woman has signed a strict confidentiality agreement, and like I said, they’re wonderful. They wouldn’t reveal our secret.”
“Who was the receptionist before me?”
“Helen’s niece. She didn’t want to leave Chicago, so the position’s been open. It has to be filled by a woman from one of our families.”
“This is just—wow. I mean, I knew you were cool Grandma, but I didn’t realize just how much of a bad-ass you really are.”
She laughs. “I’m not a bad-ass, Alex. I’m just a woman who saw a need and had the means to help put a proper plan into action.”
“Don’t sell yourself short, Maggie. We all think this is so cool,” Olivia tells her.
“It’s like Alias or something, Alex. Those women are like chameleons. They change style and hair color faster than you can blink,” Candi says.
“I was already excited to work here, but now I’m even happier that I asked for the job.”
“So are we, my dear. We should all get going and let you start training. Ainsley is brilliant—she went to school with Scott and helped design every piece of technology that’s used here.”
“Why didn’t you recruit her?”
“Jane had an opening at the time. It doesn’t matter who we recruit; although we mentor our own women, we’d do anything to help other women, too. That goes for you as well, Alex. If you ever need anything, fifteen women will have your back.”
“Plus us, of course, and your other uncles,” Chloe reminds me.
At that moment, a text comes through on my phone. It’s from Nick. When I look at the picture he sent, I have to fight to keep my composure. It’s a screen shot of an email in his draft folder—addressed to several news organizations with an attachment and a message reading, “The Griffins aren’t as upstanding as everyone likes to believe.” The message Nick has written for me, is just as clear: “Can’t wait to play, Alex.”
“Thanks.” I finally manage to say, realizing everyone is still waiting for me to say something. I mean it. Maybe I can work up the nerve to ask them for help, too.
Chapter 2
Miles
I’m glad to be back in Vegas. Sure, the girls in Europe were hot, but sleeping around is losing appeal. If I’m honest with myself, it lost its appeal quite a long time ago. I just have nothing better to do, so I keep doing it—and them. In fact, that’s what I’m planning on right now. The guys in my division told me that the foundation hired a new receptionist last week, and that she is smoking hot. It’s time to introduce myself—and hopefully, my cock—to her.
I walk through the doors to see her bent over, putting something in the bottom filing cabinet behind her desk. My body instantly reacts, which is weird. It’s only ever reacted that quickly for one girl. If it can do that for this one, there may be some hope for me yet. Right now all I see is a nice round ass encased in a sleeveless dress that appears to be fitted on top, but loose on the bottom. It has some red and black design on it, but all I can think about is keeping her bent over—especially with those red heels on—until she stands up and turns.
“Alex? What the fuck are you doing here?” I didn’t mean for it to come out as harshly as it did, but I wasn’t expecting her. She can’t be here. Not in the same building as me. Now I know why my cock came to life when I walked in.
“I-I work here, Miles.” She looks hurt, yet pissed.
It takes me a minute to say anything because I’m drinking her in. From her long brown hair, which is red at the bottom right now, to her beautiful face with those damn green eyes that everyone in her family has, her porcelain skin, and sexy as fuck lips. I’m not even going to look at her body. That’s a lie, I’m totally looking. She’s got a graceful neck and perfect, medium sized tits, a slender waist and…
“Is there a problem, Miles?”
Tegan’s voice brings me out of my trance. Shit. This isn’t going to go well. I might as well make it worse. “I don’t think she’s qualified to be here. I mean, all she knows is singing.”
“And all you know is fucking. Yet you’re running a major division of Corrigan & Co.”
“You didn’t mind when I was fucking you, Tegan.”
“You two…you…oh my God,” Alex says, looking shocked.
“Alex, honey, are you alright? Miles normally fucks everyone, but we won’t let him near you.”
“Everyone? You mean, all the girls?”
“Not all of them.” Reina is behind me and she looks pissed.
“You’re too good for me, right Reina?”
“Yes she is, little brother. Show some respect. To all of the women here.”
Great. Matt’s here, too. Time for another lecture. “Like you do with all your ‘Princess’ remarks and shit?”
Matt wants to hit me. I can see it in his clenched jaw and fisted hands. He won’t, though. That’s one thing he’ll never do—hit me. He feels too guilty about living with his mom and having almost no contact with me when I was little. It would’ve been nice to have had him there to hang out with, but I wouldn’t have wanted him to have to live with the sick bastard who fathered us. I wouldn’t wish that on anyone.
“I quit.”
“What? Alex, no. I told you we won’t let him bother you. He’s harmless. We had some fun and it was all consensual. He wouldn’t hurt a woman.” Tegan goes to hug her, but Alex backs away from her.
There are three people glaring at me now. Two of them I could care less about, but I do love my brother. He moves his head in Alex’s direction. I sigh, but do what he asks. “I’ll stay away from you, Alex. I promise. You do your job, and I’ll do mine. Never the two shall meet.” I salute her and start to walk away.
“Just like the last six years, right? I’m still not good enough to even be friends with, apparently.”
I whip around and stalk to her desk, stopping right in front of her. “Actually, you’re too good, Alex.”
We stare at each other for a minute, as everyone around just looks at the two of us. At least, I think they do. I can only look at her. I think I could stand there forever, looking in her beautiful eyes, but my grandma chooses that moment to walk in.
“Why is it so tense in here? Matthew, are you fighting with Reina again?”
“Nope. Not me. I’m actually in agreement with her at the moment. It’s him you need to talk to.”
“Miles? What’s going on?”
“I was just surprised to see Alex here, is all.”
I finally turn around and smile at my grandma, kissing her cheek as I walk past her and out the door. I need to get drunk. And laid. Unfortunately, I have a video conference, so both are going to have to wait for now.
* * *
Alex
It’s been two weeks since I had my run-in with Miles. He’s kept his word, and hasn’t come near me at all. I’ve seen him in the cafeteria a few times, always surrounded by beautiful women. I knew he slept around, but having it thrown in my face is hard. Knowing some of the women I work with at the foundation have slept with him, is even harder. I like them. A lot. But thinking about him holding them, kissing them, and…I can’t go there. I just can’t.
I know they’ve noticed my frosty attitude towards them. Especially Tegan. I don’t want to be like this, but I can’t help it. I have to figure something out. I mean, I’m not planning to quit, so I have to make an effort to get over it. Tegan told me the girls here go out every weekend when they’re home from missions, so I don’t think any of them had anything serious with Miles. I need to get past this, and I also need to ask them for help.
I went to movie night with my aunts and their friends last night at Erika’s house. We watched 10 Things I Hate About You, which was the perfect choice for my relationship with Miles. Except for the guy and girl ending up together at the end. That’ll never happen to Miles and me. He made it perfectly clear how much he hated me the first day we saw each other here. I saw Quinn watching me with a worried expression after the movie, but I left before she could ask me anything.
I’ve managed to keep Nick at bay by working late and then eating with someone from my family every night. I also told him my grandma wanted me to spend the last two weeks at their place so we could finalize details for my party this weekend. He’s pissed, but said he’ll hold off on releasing the video for now. I know I’m on borrowed time.
Right as I’m thinking that, I get a text from the bastard. It’s got a picture attached and when I click on it, I know I’m going to throw up. I grab my little trash can just in time. All of my lunch contents go in there as I hear someone run to my desk.
“Alex, are you okay?”
It’s Quinn. She’s bending down in front of me and there are dresses strewn all around her. I remember that she’s coming by with clothes for Stella. I start to cry as I shake my head.
“No. I’m not. I need help, Quinn. I need everyone’s help.”
“Okay. Let me lock the door, and we’ll go into the Society room. It’ll be okay. Whatever it is, between us all, we can help.”
“Not my family, though. They can’t know.”
“Are you sure?”
“They can’t know.”
“Alright. Go into the room, and I’ll gather everyone.”
I thank her and walk down the hall. I sit at my seat, looking down at my hands as I hear everyone enter. There’s no mission at the moment, so all the girls are here. I know they have normal foundation appointments and don’t want them to cancel those, because people need their help, so I decide to just blurt it out.
“My boyfriend is blackmailing me. He-he was so nice to me, and I was happy to sleep with him. It was my first time, but he was still a little rough. Then he pulled me out of bed and showed me this room. It was the scariest thing I’d ever seen. I ran out, planning to never see him again.
“A few days later, he texted me a video. Of us. He told me I had to come over and let him tie me up, or he was releasing it on the internet. So, I-I did. The next time he texted, he said I needed to be spanked.”
“Fucking bastard,” Quinn says.
“Yeah. He is. I’ve been managing to avoid him by saying I had to stay with my grandparents to get ready for my birthday party. I knew he was pissed, but he said he wouldn’t release the tape for now. I just got this text and picture a few minutes ago.”
It’s Ainsley who reaches for my phone. “Holy fuck,” she says as she drops it on the table.
“Ignore her. Ainsley’s almost as innocent as you, Alex. Let me have a look.” Stella picks up the phone and her mouth drops open. “Oh hell no. You are not doing that. Not with those people and those…things.”
“She’s not doing anything with anyone that she doesn’t want to do,” Reina says. “You’re one of us, Alex. We’ll take care of this.”
“I don’t want my family to know.”
“I’ll do what I can. I promise.”
“Thank you. All of you. I’m sorry I’ve been a bitch the last week. I didn’t mean to be.”
“Do you want to tell us why you did it?” Ainsley asks me.
“Not really, but I will. I owe it to you for helping me with this. There’s a long story I could tell you, but I know you all have appointments. So here’s the short version. I’m in love with Miles. I have been since I was thirteen. We were friends. At least I thought we were. But then he left for college and never spoke to me again. Until I saw him last year at Luke and Olivia’s renewal ceremony.”
“Oh God. And I told you how some of us slept with him. Alex, I’m so sorry. It was nothing to any of us, and definitely nothing to him. I promise you that.”
“It’s okay, Teeg. I know he sleeps around. It was just hard to hear that he was with you guys, because I like you a lot. I was jealous.”
“Wait, isn’t Miles a few years older than you?” Quinn asks.
“About five years.”
“So when he left for college, he was eighteen and you were thirteen. And he left and didn’t talk to you again. It’s all falling into place.”
“What’s falling into place?”
“I can’t tell you yet. But I will soon. I promise. I’ve got to go, though.” She jumps up and kisses me on the top of the head before bolting from the room.
We all look after her in shock for a few seconds, but then get back to the matter at hand. They come up with a plan and it sounds perfect to me. Ainsley takes my phone, but promises to bring it back soon. I go back to my desk and finish up my work for the day feeling like a giant weight has been lifted off of me.
* * *
Miles
I’m sitting in my office, trying to decide what to do tonight. I don’t feel like going out to a club, but I also don’t want to just hang out at home. Alone. Again. I’ve been doing that a lot these last two weeks. Every night in fact.
I hear a commotion outside, and then Quinn bursts in, quickly followed by my secretary. She’s a middle aged woman who doesn’t put up with any crap. Especially from me. “You cannot go in there.”
“It’s alright. She’s a friend.”
Quinn waves her ring finger at her to emphasize that she’s just a friend. Then she turns to me, hands on her hips, until she hears the door close behind her. “You’re in love with Alex.”
“Excuse me?”
“You told me that you fell in love with a ‘girl’ when the time wasn’t right, and the woman she’s become hates you. I found out today that you and Alex were friends when she was thirteen and you were eighteen. She said you left for college and never spoke to her again.” I start to say something, but she stops me. “I know it’s her, so don’t even bother trying to deny it.”
I drop my head into my hands. “Yes. I’m in love with Alex.”
“So instead of telling her how you felt, you’ve just been whoring it up for almost six years?”
“Pretty much.”
“What is wrong with you? Even if you couldn’t date her then, you could’ve stayed friends until she was old enough.”
“There’s a lot wrong with me, which is part of the reason that I broke off contact with her. And I couldn’t be just friends with her. I was interested every time I was near her. Which is totally gross and inappropriate. She was thirteen.”
“You were a teenager, too, and probably the same age mentally, if not in years. You didn’t act on what you were feeling, which was commendable then. It isn’t now. You need to tell her how you feel. And stop putting your dick in anything that moves.”
“I can’t tell her. She has a boyfriend. She’s been with him for months, so it’s obviously serious, even though he seems like an ass. And for the record, my dick hasn’t been anywhere but my hand since I walked into the foundation offices and saw here there.”
“Wow. Two weeks? That’s like two years for a normal person.”
“No shit, Sherlock. Now if you’re done with the attack and inquisition, I have work to do.”
“There’s something I should tell you. Or maybe I shouldn’t.”
“What is it? Is it about Alex?”
“Yes.”
“Tell me, Quinn.”
“I-I can’t break her confidence. I shouldn’t have said anything.”
“Fucking tell me, Quinn. Or I’ll go find someone who will.”
“No one else would tell you. I’m the weak link.” She drops into a chair and sighs before speaking again. “Apparently her boyfriend thought he was a getting a virgin who would like some kink. When Alex said no, he showed her a videotape he made of their first time together. He said he’d release it if she didn’t play along. She did a couple things, but wouldn’t go further. Today he sent her a text and a picture of what he has planned for her birthday this weekend. I walked into the office as she was throwing up in her trash can.”
I’m already going to kill the prick, but I need to hear the rest. “What did he send her?”
“It was a picture of him and two other guys. They were holding whips, handcuffs, and other things I can’t even say. The text said that they couldn’t wait to show her a good time in his “special room” after her party.”
“Thanks for the info, Quinn,” I tell her as I round my desk.
“Where are you going, Miles.”
“To fuck up the bastard who thinks he can mess with the woman I love.”
“No. Miles. What if his friends are there?”
“I hope to God they are.”
I hear her calling after me as I run to the elevator, but I don’t stop. I take of my jacket and tie and roll up my sleeves before I hit the ground floor. I’ve never been so angry and out of control in my life, not even when I was finally fighting back with my dad. This fucker’s going to pay for messing with Alex, and I don’t care what happens to me in the process.
Chapter 3
Alex
It’s the night of my birthday party, and I’m really excited. Reina told me that everything is under control with Nick. Darcy snagged his phone the other day and cloned it, while Ainsley got into his apartment for his laptop and video equipment. She cleared everything, including his phone—remotely for that, since they couldn’t keep it away from him for very long without him noticing. She also disabled the camera. I can breathe easier now. There’s still the chance he’ll show up here because I didn’t want to have to explain to my family why he wasn’t invited. I don’t think he’s stupid enough to try something at their house, though. At least I hope not.
I found a totally hot dress to wear. It’s black and white with all these straps over it. It has a deep V-neck and a really short skirt. I also have on black heels with cool beading on the front. My uncles will freak, but I don’t care. I wanted to look sexy. Not that anyone will notice. And by anyone, yes, I do mean Miles. I didn’t see him at all the last couple of days. I heard someone saying he took a couple of days off. So he may not even be here, anyway.
When I go outside, I see that people have started arriving already. It’s only my family and a few friends from school. I don’t need anything fancy. I’m hanging out with my aunts when the foundation girls arrive. The whole backyard goes quiet. It’s a pretty intimidating sight—ten runway worthy women all together at once—but they ignore the stares and head straight to me. I hug them all, thanking them for coming. We push some tables around so we can all sit together. My uncles try to sit with us, too, but their wives shoo them away.
I’m having a lot of fun hanging out with everyone when I see Reina stiffen. She puts a smile on her face as I hear Jane say my name. I turn to see her standing behind me, flanked by Matt and Miles. I’m startled to see that Miles has a black eye and a cut that’s healing on his cheek. He’s smiling at me, which is even weirder.
“Hey, Alex. Happy Birthday,” Matt tells me as he gives me a hug.
“Thanks, Matt.”
Miles leans close to me as my eyes go wide. “You look beautiful, Xandy,” he says as he kisses my cheek.
“Th-thanks.” He just called my Xandy. That was his name for me when I was thirteen. I feel like I can’t breathe. How can I breathe?
“C’mon boys, let’s leave Alex to her girl talk. We’ll see you in a little while.”
Jane hugs me and then walks away. Her grandsons follow along, but Miles turns at the last second and comes back over to where I’m still standing.
“Can we talk later? I really want to talk to you. And give you your presents.”
“You want to talk to me?”
“Yeah. Please.”
“Okay. But I said no presents.”
“I know. I donated to charity like you asked, but I couldn’t resist getting you some things, too.”
“Oh. Umm, thanks.”
“You’re very welcome. I better go, before Gram comes for me. Later though, right?”
“Yes. Later.”
He smiles at me and turns to go. I feel like I’m in some alternate universe, or back to the summer when I was thirteen. Miles is being nice to me and called me by his special name for me. Could this night get any weirder? I shake my head and then turn to sit with the girls again.
“Was Miles actually being nice?” Stella asks me.
“Umm, yeah.”
“Whoa.”
“Don’t be like that, please. Miles is one of my best friends.” Quinn looks really angry.
“He’s always nice to me, too,” Ainsley says.
“Well, that’s because you two didn’t sleep with him.”
“That’s enough, Tegan,” Reina tells her, looking at me with concern.
I know I’ve gone pale. I could feel the blood rush from my face. I really need to deal with this better. He’s not going to stop sleeping around, and I’m not going to stop hearing about it. I’m trying to think of a way to respond, when all of a sudden Miles is kneeling next to my chair, looking really worried.
“Are you okay? You got so pale all of a sudden.”
“I’m always pale. And where did you come from so fast?”
“I was over there when I saw you go pale, and I ran back over. Despite what you just said, you’re not always this shade. What’s wrong?”
“It’s nothing I didn’t know already Miles.”
He looks confused for a few seconds, but then he gets it. He closes his eyes, clenches his jaw, and drops his head. “Can we talk now? I know it’s your party, but I won’t take long. It’s just really important that I talk to you.”
“Okay.”
I know I should be hanging out with the people at my party, but Miles looks so serious. I want to know what caused him to be nice to me all of a sudden. His smile is back, and he takes my hand as he stands, pulling me to my feet. He doesn’t let go of my hand as we walk towards the house.
We’ve only taken a few steps when Nick walks into the backyard. His face is a mess and his arm is in a sling. There are police officers with him and they’re walking towards us. Well, Nick is more limping towards us.
“Shit. Whatever happens, Xandy, just know I love you.”
“What? Miles?” He loves me?
He doesn’t have time to answer. “That’s him. The guy who attacked me for no reason.”
“I had…”
“Shut up, Miles. Don’t say another word,” Jane says.
“Aww how cute. Letting an old lady tell you what to do.”
Miles is gripping my hand so tight, I think it could break. “You need to leave, Nick. I told you not to come tonight. That it was over.”
“I was surprised until your new fuck here came to see me. You should’ve been thanking me, man. I mean, I taught her everything she knows. If you’d waited until after tonight, she would’ve been even more fun. You have no idea what I had planned.”
“Fucking bastard,” Miles says as he lets go of me and lunges for Nick.
Matt grabs him and holds him tight. He’s still struggling when one of the policeman steps forward. “Calm down, bro. Don’t make it any worse with the cops here.”
“I’m actually sorry to do this, but I have to take you in.”
Miles stops struggling and stands still while he’s read his rights and handcuffed. I know tears are running down my face, but I don’t care. Miles beat up Nick. He knows. I know he does. I’m so mortified. And scared for Miles. I don’t want him going to jail for me.
“No. Please. This is my fault. Don’t arrest him.”
“I could be persuaded to drop the charges, Alex.”
“Fuck no!” Miles starts struggling, trying to get to Nick.
My uncles get in between them, forming a wall as they glare at my ex. He shrinks back a little. Individually, they can be scary when they want to be. Together? Yeah, not a good idea to piss them off.
“I don’t know what’s going on, but if you did something to Alex, you’re going to be dealing with all of us.”
“He threatened me. You heard him. Ryan Griffin threatened me.”
“My son didn’t threaten you. He just let you know that we won’t let you harm Alex.” My grandpa turns to the police. “Do you have another set of handcuffs? This young man is trespassing, and I’d like him arrested.”
“They can’t arrest me.”
“Actually, we can. If you weren’t invited to this party, you are trespassing.”
“What? Come on. I had to find him. I knew he’d be here.”
“You’ve interrupted a private function in my home and have apparently done something to my granddaughter. I’m pressing charges.”
I see Nick start to panic. Nothing is more important to him than his image. To be arrested for trespassing at my grandparents’ house would be bad for him. Really bad.
“Don’t press charges against Miles and my grandfather won’t have you arrested.”
“You little bitch.”
“You obviously have a death wish, asshole,” Matt tells him.
Nick looks to where my uncles are glaring at him, barely controlled rage evident on their faces. Miles is still struggling to get free, too. Plus, all the women are now behind me and I’m pretty sure they have murder on their minds and faces as well. I can see the moment when he knows he’s been beat.
“Let him go. I’m not pressing charges.”
“Do you still want to press charges, Mr. Griffin?”
“As long as he leaves now, no.”
* * *
Miles
Well, that was not what I was hoping to have happen tonight. I was almost arrested because of that little asshole. Yeah, I fucked him up. But we both know he deserved it. He’s lucky he’s still breathing. I let him live because I didn’t want to go to jail. What kind of man has someone arrested for a beat down?
I don’t have time to dwell on that as Gary thanks everyone for coming and asks everyone but family to leave. My family stays since it’s obvious I’m involved somehow, but everyone else goes. Shit. I just realized that no one even sang “Happy Birthday” to Alex. I’ll make it up to her somehow.
We all go inside and sit on couches in their family room. I want to sit next to Alex, but there’s not a spot next to her, so I sit with Matt and my gram. I try to catch her eye, though, but she won’t look at me. My heart sinks as I realize I was right. She doesn’t care that I told her I love her. She hates me too much. Damn Quinn for making me think I had a chance.
“Alex, we need to know what’s going on.”
“I can’t tell you. I can’t. It’s too embarrassing, Grandpa.”
“I’m going to speak for everyone here. We love you. Nothing you tell us is going to change that. If Miles beat Nick up for something he did to you, then it had to be pretty bad. I am a little surprised that you told him, though. I know the two of you were close when you used to spend the summers with him in Florida, but I didn’t think you still were.”
“We’re not. I-I didn’t tell him anything.”
“I told him.”
“Quinn, why?”
“It’s not my place to tell you, Alex.”
“I already told her, but it didn’t mean anything.” I can’t keep the bitterness out of my voice.
“You told me?”
She doesn’t remember that I told her I love her? It wasn’t even a half hour ago. I can’t stay here with her any longer. She doesn’t care.
“I need to leave. I’ll see you all later.”
I get up to go, but Quinn’s voice stops me. “Don’t Miles. Don’t do this.”
“Do what?”
“We both know where you’re going. Don’t.”
“It’s pretty clear that there’s nothing else for me. I’ll call you tomorrow. Unless I’m still busy.”
My grandmother’s voice stops me before I get too far. “Wait for me outside if you don’t want to be in here, but please don’t leave. I’d like to speak to you.”
“Can’t it wait, Gram?”
“No.”
“Fine. Whatever. I’ll be in the backyard.”
Where there’s alcohol. Which sounds great, although then I can’t drive. Honestly, that’s probably a good thing. I shouldn’t be going out when I feel like I do. Especially not to The Green Door. I need to be on top of my game for that place. So, alcohol it is.
* * *
Alex
Miles has barely walked out the door when Quinn’s in front of me, looking like she wants to kill me. “Go out there and talk to him.”
“She needs to talk to us, Quinn. Then, if she wants to, she can talk to Miles.”
“No, Maggie. We could be here all night because she’s embarrassed. Miles won’t be able to wait. He’s already close to the edge. I can tell you what happened while she talks to him.”
“If she wants to.”
“No, Yasmin. There’s no ‘if.’ He’s the way he is because of her, and she needs to go talk him down from the ledge. She’s the only one who can.”
“What? You think Miles sleeps with anything that walks because of me?”
“I know he does.”
“You’re serious.”
“As a fucking heart attack. Please go talk to him. I don’t want to see him self-destruct.”
The anger has been replaced by anguish on her face. I know she’s really close to Miles, and if she thinks I can help him, then I need to try. He did beat up Nick. And he told me he loves me. Even if I don’t believe it. I get up and go outside, ignoring the shocked looks on everyone’s faces.
When I walk out, I see him by the bar. The bartender is packing things up, but he’s given Miles a glass and a bottle of whiskey. He doesn’t see me walk up until I’m right in front of him. I get a crooked smile before he takes another shot.
“That was fast. I’m surprised they let you out after you told them. Or are you out here for some liquid courage, little girl? I’d share, but I was already almost arrested once tonight.”
“I came out here because Quinn said she was afraid for you and that I was the only one who could help you.”
“Ah, Quinn. Of course. She’s always got my back. Even when I don’t want her help.”
He fills the glass again, but I place my hand over his and pull him away from the bar to sit with me at one of the tables. “Why am I the only one who can help you?”
“I already told you, and just like I thought, it didn’t mean anything to you.”
“What are you talking about, Miles? I’m not a mind-reader.”
He swallows hard, and I’m shocked to see tears in his eyes. “I told you I love you, Xandy.”
“You just said that in the heat of the moment. You didn’t mean it. You can’t.”
“Go back inside and get on with your life. Find another prick who doesn’t appreciate you. Just leave me the fuck alone.”
Oh my God. I think he meant it. He loves me. And I just fucked it up and hurt him. I have to fix this. I do the only thing I can think of. I lean over and kiss him.
He’s still for a minute, as I brush my lips over his again and again. I’m starting to think I was wrong and pull back a little, waiting. My eyes are still closed when he gives me a small kiss on the edge of my mouth. He kisses the other side and then starts to run his tongue around my lips. I open my mouth, but he lifts his finger to my chin and pushes up, closing it.
“Not yet. I’ve dreamt about these lips for six years. I want to taste them first.”
I want to ask him what he means by that, but I want his lips on me even more. So I keep my mouth shut, both literally and figuratively, as he continues his exploration. Once he’s done licking every inch of my lips, he starts placing little kisses all over them. I moan. I can’t help it. I’ve never been kissed like this. Like he’s worshipping my mouth. I feel him smile against my mouth, right before he bites me lightly on the plumpest part of my lip.
I can’t help it. I grab the back of his head and pull him to me hard. I attack his mouth, and he lets me. Correction. He attacks me back. His fingers are in my fancy up-do, and mine are pulling on his hair where it’s long on top. I’ve never kissed someone this way, because I’ve never felt this way before. I can’t get close enough to him, even as I climb onto his lap.
He breaks the kiss suddenly. I don’t know why. I could feel him harden against me. “What’s wrong, Miles? Did I do something wrong?”
“No. You’re perfect. But we’re not alone.”
“Oh.”
I know my cheeks are red as I start to stand up without flashing anyone. Miles grabs me and turns me sideways on his lap, smoothing my dress over my legs. The he wraps his arms around me and nuzzles my neck.
“Don’t go. Not when I finally have you in my arms.”
“You could have any woman in your arms, Miles.” And he has.
“I don’t want anyone else.”
I push off him, and he lets me go. Just like I knew he would. “C’mon, Miles. I’m not blind or stupid. You’ve been with women. Probably at least one every night. Including some of my friends.”
I’m so dumb. Why did I kiss him? I know it meant nothing to him. I mean nothing to him. Why did I think it was more? I feel tears in my eyes and try to blink them back as I walk away. I don’t get far, before he’s grabbing me and turning me back towards him.
“Yes. I’m not going to lie to you. I’ve been with at least one woman a night for the last six years. And yes, some of them were foundation girls. But I haven’t been with anyone since I saw you that first day in the office.”
“You haven’t? Really?”
“Really.” He reaches out to cup my cheek. “I was only ever with other women because I thought I could never have you. I knew I’d never love anyone like I love you, so I didn’t want to have a relationship. Meaningless fucks were enough to keep me happy. Or that’s what I thought until I saw you at Luke and Olivia’s renewal ceremony. I knew then that I would never be happy without you.”
“You acted like you still hated me. And you didn’t stop with women then.”
“I never hated you. Never. God, I can’t believe I made you think that. Yes, I kept sleeping around. But only because I still didn’t think I could have you.”
I have to ask the question. It’s the one that’s haunted me for six years. “Why did you leave and never speak to me, if you didn’t hate me?”
Chapter 4
Miles
I knew I’d have to tell her. I want to tell her. I was just hoping we could do it in private. There are too many people here in the backyard, cleaning up. If I try to take her in the house, we’ll be stopped. I look around and then see my answer.
“Can we go in the guest house?”
“Yeah. If you want.”
“I just want to be alone when we talk.”
“Okay.”
She starts to walk away, but I stop her. “Let’s grab some desserts. I ruined your party, and no one sang to you.”
“I don’t need to be sung to. And you didn’t ruin my party.”
“I still want some desserts. The Drago Sisters really outdid themselves.”
“They did. And I want dessert, too.”
“Wait here.”
I jog over and grab one of the dinner plates from the buffet area. When I come back over with it, Alex bursts out laughing. “You really are hungry,”
“I thought we could fill it up and share, brat.”
Her face falls and she looks away. “Why do you always do that? Bring up how much younger I am?”
“Defense mechanism.”
“What?”
“Let’s load up, and I’ll explain everything to you. I promise.”
We grab cupcakes, cookies, macaroons, little tres leches cups, mini pies, and cream horns. The plate is almost not big enough, but everything looks amazing, and we both want to try it all. I carry it with both hands, while Alex grabs us some waters. She opens the door and we walk inside.
“Wow. It’s pretty cool in here.”
“Yeah. Chloe just re-decorated it recently.”
It’s a little awkward now. I grab a lemon cupcake and hold it out to her. She takes it with a smile. I take a cream horn and pop it into my mouth. I need some courage, but if it’s not going to come in liquid form, why not sugar? Time to man up.
“I fell in love with you that last summer we spent together in Florida.”
“You did?”
“Yes. I know we’d been spending summers together since we were little because our moms and grandmas were friends, but that year was different. You were so fucking beautiful, it took my breath away.”
“You didn’t act any different towards me.”
I give her a rueful smile. “I couldn’t. You were thirteen, Xandy. Still a little girl. I shouldn’t have been feeling the way I felt towards you. It was wrong.”
“Wrong? You weren’t some forty year old man lusting after me.”
“No. I was an eighteen year old man lusting after you. I was an adult.”
“Oh my God. You idiot. Chloe was in middle school when she started dating Ryan.”
“Yes, but they’re closer in age and lived on the same property. I couldn’t ask your parents to trust me. Especially after the things my dad said to me in front of everyone.”
“Your dad was a mean bastard. We all knew you weren’t the bad guy in that situation. My parents even told me that they hoped I’d end up with someone like you one day.”
“They did?” Her parents were such good people. I still can’t believe they were murdered a few years ago.
“Yes. They knew your dad was too hard on you. I think they knew he hit you, although I never told them. I promise.”
“I know you kept my secret. I wanted to reach out to you when they died, but I still thought it would be wrong.”
“You really, truly, thought that and stayed away all these years because of it?”
“Yes.”
“And you slept with all those women because you thought you couldn’t have me?”
“Yes.”
“You can have me now. I mean, if you still want me.”
“I can’t imagine ever not wanting you, but I don’t deserve you.”
“Why? Because you slept with a bunch of women?” I can’t speak, so I nod. “I’m the one who should be worried. I mean, I know I can’t compare to them. I’ve seen them. Hell, I work with some of them. I’m no sexy supermodel type.”
“They can’t compare to you. I mean it. You are the sexiest woman I’ve ever met. Not because you dress to get attention, or show off your goods. You don’t. You’re just naturally sexy. To me at least.”
“I’m also not very experienced…in…you know, the bedroom. I mean, I guess you do know that.” I see tears start to form in her eyes as she looks down at the half-eaten cupcake in her hand.
She thinks she’s not enough for me? Is she insane? She’s everything. Every damn thing.
“Look at me.” She shakes her head, so I slide off the couch to kneel before her. “Maybe you didn’t hear me clearly enough before, but I love you, Alexandra Marie Roberts. I. Love. You. More than my next breath, in fact. So please don’t ever be embarrassed around me. Anyone else, fine. But not me. Because no matter what you do or don’t do, I will never stop loving you. I swear it.”
“Even if I don’t want to be too adventurous? I mean, you’ve probably done everything there is to do.”
“I’ve done quite a bit, I’m not going to deny it. But not everything. I have my own lines that I won’t cross. Anything that causes serious pain to me, or my partner, is one of them. It’s not my thing and I won’t do it. And I don’t need you to be adventurous. I have no doubt that being with you will be better than everyone else combined. You’re it for me.”
“I love you, too. I just realized that I haven’t told you, but I do.”
“Thank God. I was starting to think I was going to have to kiss you again before you’d say it.”
“I kissed you out there, jerk.”
“Yes, you did. It was the best thing that’s ever happened to me.”
“You’re easily pleased, then. Good to know.”
I pull her forward on the couch and spread her legs. “Are you easily pleased?” I ask as I trace circles on her upper thighs with my thumbs.
“N-no. I never, umm, you know. With Nick.”
“Did he put his mouth on you?”
“Not there, no. Actually he only kissed my mouth.”
I don’t try to stop her when she closes her legs. I won’t force her to do anything, or to let me do anything. If she doesn’t want it, then I don’t either. I rock back on my heels and put my hands in the air.
“One day, I want to lay you down on a bed and taste every inch of you. But only when you’re ready, my beautiful Xandy.”
She bites her lip and looks nervous for a moment. Then she smiles. “Thank you for that. Can I kiss you again?”
“You don’t have to ask. You own me. Every inch of me is yours. Whenever you want it.”
She leans close until her mouth is inches from mine. “Anytime? Really? Even in the employee cafeteria, in front of all those women who want you?”
“You feeling the need to claim me, baby?”
“A little.” She starts to pull away, but I grab the back of her head and hold her in place.
“I’m going to come get you from your desk for lunch on Monday. Then, I’m going to hold your hand the whole way there—I never hold a woman’s hand, just so you know. Once we’re inside, I’m going to get you that salad you eat every day and sit you on my lap while I feed you bites in between the kisses you’ll be giving me. You see, I need to claim you, too. Because every man in that cafeteria has been checking you out since you started, and it’s taken a strength I didn’t know I had not to fight them all.”
“You know what I eat for lunch?”
“I know everything about you at work. If I tell you the rest, though, you may run out of here thinking I’m a crazy stalker.”
“Tell me,” she says before leaning forward and brushing her lips over mine.
“Do I get a kiss for every secret I reveal?”
“Mm-hm.”
“I have access to the security cameras. Sometimes I bring up the foundation lobby and watch you work. You have no idea what it does to me when you chew on your pen when you’re thinking. Or twirl your hair around your finger when you talk on the phone. My favorite is when you’re talking with the other girls. Your smile is so beautiful. I love seeing you happy.”
“That isn’t stalkerish.”
“It isn’t?”
“No.”
That’s all the warning I get as she takes my mouth. I let her control the kiss, because I know she needs to feel in control. And because it’s hot. Like five alarm fire hot.
She pulls me to the couch and then slides onto my lap. Our hands are moving over the top of each other’s clothes, but it’s not enough. I’m just unzipping her zipper when the doorbell rings. What the fuck?
“It’s my family.”
“Shit.”
She gets up off me, taking a moment to straighten her hair a little before she goes to the door. I button my suit jacket back up. The last thing I need is for her uncles to see my hard-on. I may be stupid, but I want to live.
“Hi guys, what’s up?”
“What’s up is that you’re in here alone with him.” Shit. Owen’s pissed. Never good.
“And?”
“He’s…well, you know.”
“My boyfriend? Are those the words you were looking for?”
Whoa. That’s hotter than the kiss. Having her call me her boyfriend. Fuck yeah, I am.
“Boyfriend?”
“Yes, I’m her boyfriend. Do you have a problem with that Owen? Because if you do, we should talk about it now. I’m not going anywhere.”
I walk up and put my arm around her, kissing her cheek. Maybe I do have a death wish, but she’s worth it. Owen opens his mouth to speak, but his wife, Candi, smacks his arm before he can say anything.
“Let’s all go inside. Because we are going to talk about this,” Ryan says as he pushes past us, nearly knocking me over in the process. Yeah, this should be fun.
* * *
Alex
I’m angry. Like, really angry. Who do they think they are? And if my Uncle Ryan thinks he can get away with slamming into Miles, he has another thing coming. I wait until everyone is seated before speaking.
“Apologize to Miles, Uncle Ryan.”
“What am I apologizing for?”
“You purposely pushed into him when you walked in.”
“Its fine, Xandy. He doesn’t need to apologize.”
“Yes, he does. I don’t want them giving you a hard time and scaring you away.”
“They can’t scare me away. Now that I finally have you, nothing could scare me away. Not even your uncles.”
“Maybe you two should sit down and explain this all to us. I, for one, am a little lost,” Yasmin tells us.
“Fine. But someone has to move. I see that you haven’t left two seats next to each other. I’m sitting with Miles. I’ll always be sitting with Miles, so you should get used to it.”
They look like they want to argue, but I stand my ground. Everyone shifts so that one of the loveseats is now available for Miles and me. I know he’s trying hard not to laugh as I lead him to our seat and sit so I’m practically on top of him. It’s time for me to stand up for myself, and for him.
“Okay. I need to get this out of the way. You all know how close Alex and I were when she was younger. So I know more about Miles and her than the rest of you. While I’m trying to be cautious, because I’ve heard of his behavior the last few years, I also want to jump up and down for Alex.”
“Thanks, Chlo, I want to jump up and down, too.”
Miles kisses my temple and squeezes my hand. “Do you want me to tell them our story?”
“Yes. I’ll jump in when I need to, but I’d like to hear you talk about me again.”
“Okay. Most of you know that Alex’s mom, Erin, was good friends with my mom. From the time I was sixteen and Alex was eleven, we spent every summer together in Florida. Our dads would come down when they could, but it was usually just the four of us. I used to babysit Alex—God, that’s weird to think about. Anyway, I was in charge of taking her to Disney World, Universal Studios, or anywhere else we wanted to go. Don’t get me wrong, our moms hung out with us, too, but they needed some alone time a couple days a week.
“I didn’t mind hanging out with Alex. My dad made me go to military school, which was pretty rough for me. So, it was nice to have fun for a change. She was fun and didn’t ask me to do anything too bad. Actually, I take that back. I remember going to some Princess Breakfast thing where I had to wear a tiara.”
“I still have that picture.”
“Of course you do,” he says with a laugh. “Like I was saying, it was fun for those first couple of years. We saw each other over the summer and sent each other cards and little gifts. For holidays and birthdays mostly, but other times, too. We were good friends. Things changed the year she turned thirteen. When she walked into our vacation home, I almost forgot how to breathe. She was so beautiful and grown-up, though not really. Immediately, I knew things wouldn’t be the same for me anymore. I tried to hide my feelings and act like I always did with her.”
“You did a good job. I thought I was the only one feeling things that summer.”
“Good. That’s what I wanted,” he tells me softly before turning back to my family. “It wasn’t right. I knew it wasn’t right. Falling in love with a thirteen year old is not what an eighteen year old man should be doing.”
“Stop saying it wasn’t right. It’s not like you were trying anything with me.”
“No. But I wanted to. And it was wrong. Anyway, by the end of the summer, I was hopelessly in love with Alex. She was everything a guy could ever want in a girl. Smart, kind, funny, talented, and so beautiful it made you hurt to look at her.” I stop to turn to her. “You’re still all those things, you know.”
“Thanks.”
“That’s why you broke off all contact with her that summer. It killed her, you know.”
“It killed me too, Chloe. I knew there would never be another woman who I loved the way I love her. I also knew that by breaking off all contact, I’d lose any chance with her when we got older. I accepted what I had to do and, well, slept with any woman who’d have me. I thought that if I couldn’t be with the woman I loved, I’d just have fun.”
“Wow. You slept around because you couldn’t have Alex and didn’t want anyone else? That’s really romantic,” Olivia says.
“Seriously, Ollie? He’s a man whore.”
“Pot meet kettle, Luke You were just as bad when we met,” she tells him.
“You weren’t thirteen.”
“Neither am I, Uncle Scott. Did you not hear him say he left me because I was too young then? I thought I’d never have him, either, and that’s why I settled for a jerk like Nick. I’m a woman now, and I want my man.”
“You’ve got me. If I have to fight each of the guys in this room, I’ll do it. I’ll do anything to prove that I’m serious about us.”
“Guys? Who says you’re not going to have to fight us, too?”
“I don’t hit women, Candi. So if you attack me, I’m just going to have to stand there and take it.”
“Good answer. I like you, Miles.”
“Enough with the love fest. I have something to say.”
“Uncle Ryan,” I warn.
“Simmer down, baby girl. I wanted to tell Miles that I think it’s beyond awesome that he kicked Nick’s ass. You fucked him up pretty bad, man. I wish I’d gotten my hands on him now that I know what he did. If he’s smart, he’ll be in hiding.”
“Oh. Yeah. I forgot you knew about that now.”
I’m mortified and put my face down. Miles reaches down and lifts my head back up. He looks me in the eye with a serious expression on his face.
“You have nothing to be ashamed of. Nothing. That bastard made you do a couple of things that were outside your comfort zone. I’m sure there’s not one person in this room who hasn’t done something we’d like to hide. Sex is nothing to be ashamed of.”
“He’s right, Alex. We all know Yasmin got tied up with game controllers by Scott, and you don’t want to know what Candi and I do.” Candi smacks Owen upside the head, hard, as we all laugh. “I’m just trying to make her feel better.”
“Yeah, well, stop using me and my wife as your example. It’s been years, man. You need new material. As for you and that asswipe, Miles is right. There’s nothing for you to be ashamed of.”
“I think we all agree on that.” Everyone nods at my Uncle Ryan. “Now I hate to break this all up, but we have a plane to catch.”
Oh yeah. I was so happy to be with Miles that I forgot about my birthday weekend. I want to spend it with him, too. Is it too soon to ask him? Oh, who the hell cares?
“Do you want to go to Disneyland with us for my birthday, Miles?”
“Really?”
“No. Not really. There’s no room,” Ryan says.
“There are more than twelve seats on our jet.”
“We don’t have an extra room for him at the hotel.”
“We don’t need an extra room. He can stay with me.”
“Yeah, no.”
I start to open my mouth to respond, but Miles beats me to it. “I’d love to spend the weekend with you, Xandy. Especially at Disneyland. I’ve never been there, but I’m guessing they have “It’s a Small World” just like at Disney World. Who else will go on it with you ten times, if I don’t come? Plus, I have birthday presents for you.” He turns to everyone else. “I have my own jet, and I can pay for my own ticket and hotel room. So if you’d feel more comfortable, I can just meet you all at the parks each day.”
“No. I’m nineteen years old, and I want to be with my boyfriend. If that upsets any of you, then tough. You all seem to forget who helped every single one of you with your relationships. Me. Obviously, I’m at least as mature as you.”
“You’re right. I’m sorry, Miles. It’s hard for me not to think of her as a little girl. I can tell you love her, and you’re welcome with us on the jet and her room. Just please limit the PDA a little. It’s going to freak us all out, but we’ll deal. Can you meet us at McCarran in like an hour?”
“I can just drive with you from here, if you have the space.”
“Don’t you need clothes?”
“I have a bag in my car with a couple pairs of jeans and t-shirts.”
“Oh yeah. Of course.” It’s out of my mouth before I even realize that I said it.
“Not for that. I never once stayed the night with a woman. I just sometimes have to leave on a trip with no notice. I also have a garment bag with suits in my trunk.”
I lean over and whisper in his ear. “You’re okay with staying with me? I should’ve asked.”
“There’s no place I’d rather be. I promise you that.”
Chapter 5
Miles
The flight to John Wayne airport in Orange County was short. Too short. I’m super nervous about sharing a room with Alex. I want to be respectful of her, but at the same time, I want to make her scream my name. All night. I don’t know what to do. I guess I’ll just follow her lead.
We pull up to the Grand California hotel at Disneyland, and it’s really cool. I’m just a little confused, and Alex can see it. “It’s different, right? The first time I came here and we drove right up to the park, I was freaked out, too.”
“Yeah. It’s weird, but I guess pretty cool if you live here.”
Everyone gets checked in and then we head to the elevators. We’ll have to take two since there’s so many of us. While we wait, Zane and Quinn’s son, Landon, comes up to Alex and I.
“Is she your girlfriend now, Uncle Miles?”
“Yep. I’m a lucky guy, huh?”
“I guess.” His face falls and I immediately drop down in front of him.
“What’s wrong, buddy?”
“You probably won’t have time for my Little League team anymore. And you won’t want to go on any rides with me this weekend.”
“Of course I’ll have time for your team. I promised you that I’d be the coach, and I try to keep my promises. Is it okay if Alex comes to the games, though?”
“You want to come, Alex?”
“I’d love to, Landon. And as for this weekend, I’m afraid of heights, so I won’t go on Splash Mountain or the big rollercoaster at California Adventure. Miles is all yours for those. You can go on the other rides with us, too.”
“As long as it’s not that Small World place.”
“That’s my girl’s favorite. I’ll be on there for hours with her.”
“Doesn’t it make you crazy? All those weird dolls singing is creepy!”
“Nah. I get to hold her hand in the dark and maybe even steal a kiss. Plus, she goes on Space Mountain with me. She’s okay with that one since its dark and she can’t see.”
“Come on Land,” Quinn calls as their elevator arrives.
“He’s a good kid.”
“That he is.”
“You’re going to coach his team? I almost forgot that my boyfriend was a big baseball star in high school.”
“College too, baby. Don’t forget college. And yes, I’m going to coach. I’m glad you’ll be at the games. I want to be with you as much as possible.”
“Umm, hello. Do you really think I’m going to let you go there alone in your jeans and a baseball shirt? Those women would be all over you.”
“You’re the only one I want all over me.”
“That can be arranged.”
“We don’t have to. I mean, you have a suite. I can sleep on the pull-out couch.”
Our elevator arrives before she can respond. It’s a quiet ride up to the room since her uncles are all surrounding us. They sent their wives up in the other elevator. I guess this is their last shot at intimidation. It’s not working. I’m so hard I’m afraid my cock’s going to break if it doesn’t get some relief soon.
We get off the elevator on our floor, and Alex opens our door with the key card. I put my bag on the couch and take hers into the bedroom. She follows me in. When I turn to leave the room, I see she’s crying.
“What’s wrong?”
“You don’t want me.”
“What? Are you insane?” I pull her to me so she can feel how hard I am. “Do you feel that? That’s all you.”
“Why do you want to sleep on the couch, then?”
“I don’t want to sleep on the couch. But I also don’t want to pressure you.”
“Pressure me? I’m the one who invited you on this trip and said I wanted you in my room with me.”
“I wasn’t sure if that was for me, or to piss off your uncles some more.”
She surprises me by pulling back a little and grabbing my hand. She slides it under her dress until my fingers meet the lace of her panties. Her very wet panties. Fuck.
“Does that give you your answer?”
“Yes,” I tell her as I twist my fingers, earning me a beautiful moan.
She pulls me to her, kissing me hard. I let her have the lead again. I’ll take control once I think she’s ready for it. She pushes my jacket off my shoulders and onto the floor. I already took my tie off, so she starts pulling my shirt out of my pants. Her mouth moves from mine to lick my neck. Okay, so my control may not last as long as she needs. I’m really trying, though.
I start pulling the pins out her hair as she gets her hands under my shirt and rubs my abs. “Oh my God. They feel as good as they look.”
“When did you look at my abs, Xandy?”
“You played basketball in the gym a week ago. Your team was ‘skins,’ remember?”
“You were watching me?”
“Yeah.”
“Only me? Or was there some other hot young guy you wanted?”
“You. Just you. Now shut up and kiss me.”
I do as she asks, moving my hands to her zipper now that I have her hair free. I unzip her as she tears the buttons from my shirt. Hot damn. I almost came in my pants from that.
“Feeling a little out of control?” I ask her with a chuckle.
“I’m a lot out of control. I-I’ve never felt this way. I need you, Miles. Please.”
“You’ve got me. I’m all yours. Tell me what you want.”
“Anything. Everything.”
“No. We both know that’s not true.”
“It is. I honestly don’t care how we do it. You can tie me up, spank me, anything. I just want it.”
That’s so not going to happen. She may think she wants those things, but one of us has to keep our head in the game. I can’t have her regretting anything about what we’re going to do. I finish unzipping her dress as I kiss her neck. I push down the straps and let it fall to the ground.
“Beautiful. You’re so fucking beautiful,” I tell her as I step back to look at her.
She’s in a simple black strapless bra and those lace panties I was touching a few minutes ago. Her skin is so creamy, and pale, with a few freckles here and there. I bend over to lick one on her ribs. She told me to do what I want, so I’m going to. I undo the clasp on her bra, and then rip her panties off. They were hiding what I want.
I lift her up and place her on the edge of the bed, spreading her thighs wide. I kneel down and start kissing from her knee to her thigh and then repeat the action on her other leg. I’m leaning over to place one leg over my shoulder when she stops me.
“My shoes.”
“Are staying on.”
That’s the last thing I say before my mouth is on her. She bows up off the bed as I lick her clit. I slide my hands up her stomach to play with her tits. They fit perfectly in my hands, and I realize I like that. A lot. They were made for me and my hands. She’s moaning and calling out my name, but she’s not quite there yet.
I know what she needs so I grab her left hand and place it under mine, making her pinch her nipple. Once I’m sure she’ll keep it up, I put my right hand between her legs and plunge two fingers into her. That’s it. Exactly what I knew she needed.
“Miles. Oh my God. Miles,” she screams as she thrashes above me, digging her nails into my shoulders and contracting against my fingers and mouth. She falls back onto the bed, panting hard. I undress myself as I start to climb back on the bed, but remember to grab a condom first. How did I almost forget that?
I throw the condom next to her on the bed as I kiss my way up her ribs. Both tits get some attention from my mouth and tongue, before I continue my travels to her shoulders and neck. When I reach her mouth, I hover over her as she opens her eyes.
“Happy Birthday, Xandy.” I’d looked at the clock and its 12:01.
“Best birthday ever.”
“It’s not over yet. Unless you want it to be.” I’ll stop if that’s what she wants. It’ll be hard, but I’ll do it.
“I only had one orgasm. I need my other eighteen.”
“Eighteen?”
“Well, you have until midnight, but if you don’t think you can…”
“Oh, I can. I definitely can. You’re getting one to grow on, too.”
* * *
Alex
The damn alarm is going off and I know we need to get up. But we just fell asleep two hours ago. Well, more like passed out two hours ago. Miles has me two-thirds of the way to my birthday goal. I’ve been kissed, licked, fingered, bitten, and fucked to within an inch of my life, and I’ve loved every minute of it.
“We have to get up, don’t we?”
“Yes. We do. My uncles will come looking for us if we don’t make it to breakfast in time.”
“Do we have time to shower together?”
“If we just shower.” God, I don’t want to just shower. I’m sore, but I want him so bad.
“You should go first, then.”
“Can’t just shower with me, huh Corrigan?”
“Nope. Not even gonna lie. If I get in that shower with you, I’m going to do more than wash you up.”
“Ooh. Did you want to wash me down?”
“You have five seconds to get in that shower or down is exactly where I’m going to be.”
I jump out of bed. I don’t need my uncles walking in on us. I shower as quickly as possible and throw on jean shorts and a turquoise t-shirt. I’m pulling my hair into a pony tail when I realize something. My bra and panties are, well, boring. I didn’t expect to have Miles here with me. So I brought plain cotton bras and panties. Great. I’ve got the king of all sex gods in my bed, and I’m in plain cotton.
“Xandy, are you okay?”
“Umm, yeah.”
Miles opens the door before I have a chance to react. “What’s wrong?”
“N-nothing.”
“We both know that’s not true. Are you regretting what we did?”
“What? No. God no. It was perfect, and I think I’m the definition of insatiable when it comes to you.”
“Ditto. So what’s bothering you?”
I might as well get it out. He’ll see later, anyway. “I wasn’t expecting you to come on this trip with me, so I didn’t pack anything sexy. My bra and panties are just plain cotton. Boring. I’m sorry.”
“Well, my underwear’s plain cotton, too. So I’m also sorry. We’ll just have to rip it all off faster so neither one of us is embarrassed.” He kisses me hard and then swats my butt. “Out you go, sexy woman. I need to shower.”
I walk out into the bedroom with a smile on my face. It grows even bigger when I see what’s on the bed. There’s a big Ziploc bag full of lemon jelly beans. My favorite. He remembered and sorted them. Just like he used to do for me in Florida. Tears are running down my face as I clutch the bag to my chest.
I’m still standing there when he comes out of the bathroom. “Xandy? Do you not like those anymore?”
“I love them,” I sniffle. “I can’t believe you remembered.”
“Of course I remember.”
“You probably could’ve bought them instead of sorting through bags.”
“I know, but I wanted you to see that I’m willing to work for you.”
“You did that last night.”
“I remember that, too.”
“I wish we had more time.”
“We have forever.”
“I love you, Miles.”
“I love you, too.”
He holds my hand as we walk to the elevator and doesn’t let go when we walk into the lobby and see everyone waiting for us.
“We were just going to send a search party for you.”
“We’re right on time, and you know it, Chloe.”
Everyone laughs and then I get a round of hugs and kisses for my birthday. We get on the monorail, and it’s a short ride to Disneyland for our Character Breakfast. Yes, I know. I’m an adult now. But it’s still fun to see the characters and eat Mickey Waffles.
It’s an hour later, and I’m about to eat my last waffle, when I notice it’s gone off my plate. “Did you steal my Mickey waffle, Miles?”
“You always give me your last waffle.”
“When I was thirteen I gave you my last waffle, jerk. I was going to eat that.”
“Sorry. I thought I was being cute. I’ll go get you another one.”
“Two.”
“Yes, ma’am,” he tells me with a salute.
He comes back with three waffles and a smirk. “Three?”
“Yeah. Then I can still eat your last one.”
“You’re so damn cute,” I tell him as I kiss him lightly.
“No. Just no. No kissing. I’m gonna be sick.”
“Shut it, Owe. You kiss your man as much as you want, Alex.”
“I plan to, Candi,” I respond as I give Miles a longer kiss.
My uncles all groan, but keep their mouths shut. I think they realize that the more they complain, the more I’m going to kiss him in front of them. We all finish eating and then head out to the park. It’s going to be crazy when the park opens to the public. It is summer after all. But, that’s the best part. Plus, we have VIP access to get on the rides easier. It’s just like old times for me and Miles. Well, with hand holding and kissing this time. So it’s actually much better.
The day goes by fast in a whirlwind of rides, snacks, and food. And yes, we did go on It’s a Small World ten times. Oh, and shopping. Lots of shopping that Miles refused to let me pay for. I tried to argue that I’m a billionaire, too, but he was having none of it. We took Landon with us for a couple of hours, and then I let them spend an hour alone while I snuck back to the hotel to pick up my surprise from the concierge desk.
Miles also slipped me a couple more presents during the day. A Tiffany key necklace and a Swatch watch. I was obsessed with both of those things when I was thirteen, and, once again, he remembered. I wanted a Tiffany key, but my mom and dad refused to spoil me saying I was too young. I never bought one for myself when I could. However, I did have a Swatch and thought I was so cool. Miles indulged me then, just as he did today as I flashed it around like it was the crown jewels. I feel like I’m in one constant swoon around him and his romance.
My grandparents are joining us for dinner with all my little cousins. The parks are too much for them to spend all day at, especially the babies. We’re dining at a place that will allow us to watch World of Color from our seats. I can’t wait for Miles to see it. We have to make it out of the room first, though.
We came back here to change an hour ago and we still don’t have any clothes on. I’ve gotten three more of my birthday orgasms as well as two more presents. VIP Tickets to Justin Timberlake’s next Vegas concert and nineteen IKEA milk chocolate bars. Two more things I was obsessed with six years ago. The room was also filled with every kind of flower possible, on every surface available. He’s going to swoon me into the ground if he keeps this up.
“Is this the last of the presents?”
“Nope. There’s one more for right before midnight.”
“I love them, but you didn’t have to do this.”
“Yes I did. You’re getting a present for every birthday I missed. I know you love them. I’ve seen you smiling all day. I like knowing that I put that smile on your face.”
“You did. And it’s not just the presents, I hope you know that.”
“I do. We better get dressed before they really do send a search party for us.”
“We have a half hour before we have to be downstairs.”
“Good. I’ll have time to get pretty.”
“Oh? Are you trying to pick someone up tonight?”
“No. I’m trying to make myself look at least half as good as my gorgeous girlfriend. I don’t want people to think I’m a pity date.”
I burst out laughing. How can I not? Miles is the epitome of gorgeous. From the top of his dark brown and blonde hair to his bedroom eyes, eight pack, and well, a little further down. I can’t even talk about his cock without my mouth watering. Not to mention the stubble he’s let grow out a little. He’s like a 100 and I’m maybe an 8. On my best day.
“What’s so funny? You think I can’t do it?”
“I think you’re delusional. You are one of the hottest people on the planet, and I’m…well, I’m not.”
“Alex. Don’t joke. You have to know how gorgeous and smoking hot you are.”
“No. My hair was boring until I added the red, my face is plain, my breasts are average, and I’m just, well, on the thin side. Blah.”
He shakes his head and grabs my hand, pulling me to the floor length mirror. I try to cover myself, but he grabs my hands in one of his while using the other to tilt my chin up. He makes me look at myself in just my necklace and watch while he starts talking to me.
“I’m going to tell you what I see, so look closely. Hair that’s so soft and sexy, whether you keep it curly, sleek, or pulled back into a pony tail. I can’t get enough of running my fingers through it. Your face could launch ships, baby. You know you have those Griffin green eyes that make people of all ages, religions, and sexual orientations fall to their knees. You also have cheekbones a model would kill for and the sexiest lips I’ve ever tasted. Your neck and shoulders just beg for me to mark them, but I don’t want to embarrass you, so I’ve been behaving. As for your tits, well, they’re perfect. They were made for my hands. Seriously, look how they fit.”
I watch in the mirror as he releases me to cup my breasts. He’s right. They do fit perfectly. I gift him with a smile for showing me what I’ve refused to see.
“There’s my girl, but I’m not done yet. I love your flat stomach and the way your hips just flare out slightly. Yes, you’re thin. But you’re also healthy, and that’s what’s most important. Your belly button’s sexy, too, and I could lick it for hours. Just like I could, and will, lick your exquisitely beautiful pussy below it. I love the hair you left on top of your mound, while keeping the rest of yourself bare. I fucking love it. Beyond that, you have a perfect ass, thighs, knees, calves, and feet. Oh, and I forgot to mention your back, arms, and fingers. It’s all beautiful and so very sexy to me. You’re those things, Xandy.”
“Thank you for showing me.”
“Anytime you need it, I’ll remind you. Now, I really do need to go prettify myself.”
“Prettify? Is that even a word.”
“Yep. Look it up if you don’t believe me,” he tells me as I walk into the bathroom.
Chapter 6
Miles
I walk out of the bathroom ten minutes later and stop in my tracks. Alex is standing in front of the dresser mirror putting on diamond stud earrings. But, that’s not what stopped me in my tracks. It’s her dress, if you can even call it that. It’s metallic, super short, and from what I can see in the mirror, low cut. What the hell?
“You were coming here to look for a guy, weren’t you?”
“What?” She whips her head around and looks at me like I grew a second head.
“That dress. You didn’t know I was coming, but you brought it.”
“Actually, I didn’t. I was going to wear a knee length floral dress. I wanted to look good for you, so I had the concierge get this for me today.”
“Oh. Wow. Thanks. I love it.”
I reach for her, but she slaps my hands away. “Asshole.”
“I’m sorry. I just got jealous.”
“Of who? Some random guy I’ve never met. I’ve spent almost the whole day with you. Kissing you and making love with you.”
“I said I was sorry.”
“Whatever. Let’s go.”
This time I manage to grab her arm. “Don’t do this. Even if you had brought it, we weren’t together when you packed. I shouldn’t have acted like that. You look incredible. I love the dress, and your hair looks so sexy.” It really does. It’s in a messy bun with curls hanging down in different spots, just begging for me to pull on them.
“Let’s see who else I can find who’ll like it. I still need two more orgasms tonight,” she tells me as she pulls her arm away.
She just made a mistake. A big one. I love her and I pretty much worship the ground she walks on, but I have my limit. She just pushed past it. If she as much as looks at another guy, it’s over. I’m not even kidding. I won’t hesitate to walk away.
“I hope you understand what you’re doing, Alex,” I tell her calmly as I open the door and let her walk out in front of me.
I don’t speak to her during the elevator ride or take her hand as we walk into California Adventure and over to the restaurant. I see her looking at me out of the corner of my eye, but I refuse to look back. The ball is in her court, and now she has to choose what she wants. Who she wants.
I pull her chair out when we get to the table—I’m not going to be a total ass, even if I am mad. Quinn is looking at me, and I just shake my head at her. We’ve become good friends and she can read me. She knows I’m close to breaking, even if she doesn’t know why.
Alex makes her choice when she flirts with a guy at the table next to us after we order. Blatantly flirts with him. Even her family is looking at her like she’s crazy. When she lets him rub her arm, I’m done.
“Excuse me, but I seem to have lost my appetite. I hope you all enjoy the rest of your trip.”
“Miles.”
“Quinn.”
We have a staring contest for a minute until Alex starts giggling at something Mr. Preppy says. Quinn closes her eyes and nods. She knows that it’s over. I pull Alex’s last present out of my pocket and place it next to her plate.
“Happy Birthday, Xandy.”
She doesn’t even glance at me, but the asshole does. He smirks at me. Fucking smirks. She reaches out to touch his face. It’s definitely over. I need to get my stuff from the room and go to one of the clubs. Do what I know. What I’m good at.
I’m making my way through the crowd outside the restaurant when I hear Ryan calling my name. I stop and move off the walkway, because I know he’ll catch me anyway.
“What the fuck was going on back there?”
“You’ll need to ask your niece.”
“I’m asking you.”
“Fine. I saw her in that dress and got jealous that she was going to wear it for some other guy since she didn’t know I was coming here. She told me she had the concierge get it today to surprise me. I apologized for acting like a jealous asshole, and she told me she was going to find someone else to fuck. I told her she needed to be sure about what she was doing. You saw what just went on. She made her choice, and now I’ve made mine.”
“Jesus. I know she’s grown up, but I never expected anything like that from her. She doesn’t play games.”
“Neither do I, Ryan. I love her, but I won’t let her treat me that way.”
“I understand, man. I wouldn’t put up with that shit, either. I’m guessing you’re headed back for your stuff.”
“Yeah.”
“And then?”
“Honestly, I’m heading out to look for a stiff drink and an easy lay.”
“I’m that easy to replace?”
Neither one of us saw her approach, but Alex is there behind him. She looks more hurt than angry, but I’m not the one who needs to apologize. Before I can tell her that, Ryan does it for me.
“What just went down in that restaurant is bullshit, Alex.”
“This is none of your business, Uncle Ryan.”
“Maybe not, but I’ll tell you something. If Chloe ever did that to me, I’d be getting drunk and laid, too. And I’d have to think long and hard about whether I could take her back, if she asked me to. You say you’re grown up, but you just acted like some spoiled little girl who didn’t get to play with her favorite toy. You’re better than that. Maybe losing the guy you say you love will teach you that.”
“We’re not the two of you. And we’re not broken up. That was just me being stupid, I’ll admit that, but it wasn’t as bad as you said.”
He just shakes his head at her and then reaches out a hand to me. “Good luck, man. I hope we can be friends. I really do like you.”
“I’ll call you when you get back to town.”
Ryan nods at me before walking back towards the restaurant. Alex looks panicked now. I think she just realized that we did indeed break up. I put my hands in my pockets and just look at her.
“Oh my God. We are broken up, aren’t we?”
“I told you that you needed to understand what you were doing. You did it anyway.”
“I’m sorry Miles. I didn’t think it was that bad. I swear.”
“You let him touch you. You touched him.”
“I didn’t mean it. I just…”
“You just what? Wanted to see if I’d fall at your feet and beg you to forgive me for acting stupid? In private. After I’d already apologized?”
“No. Yes. Maybe.”
“Well, now you know. I love you, Alex, but I won’t stand by while you tell me you’re going to find some other guy to fuck. And then flirt and touch someone else in front of me.”
“Please, Miles.”
“I’m going to go get my stuff. Enjoy the rest of your birthday.”
“Miles, please.”
I turn and see that she’s dropped to her knees. Tears are streaming down her cheeks, and people are stopping to stare. I could tell her to get up, but I need this. I need her to want me enough to beg.
“I’m so, so sorry. I was being stupid and shouldn’t have done that. I guess I wanted to see how far I could push you, and I pushed you too far. I know that now. I shouldn’t have flirted, and I definitely shouldn’t have let anyone touch me or touched him back. I love you Miles. I only want you. Please give me another chance.”
I walk over and pull her to her feet. “You need to be sure you want me. I won’t go through this again. What you just did hurt me. I laid myself bare for you, and you just purposely hurt me.”
“I do want you. I’ll make it up to you, I promise. Whatever you want tonight, however you want it.”
“Sex doesn’t solve things. You need to stop thinking it does. And I don’t want or need anything different than what we’ve been doing. You need to stop thinking that, too.”
“You were going to go have sex.”
“Because that’s what I know. That’s how I cope. I’ve told you that. I’ve also told you I want more than just a physical relationship with you.”
“Will you come back to the restaurant with me?”
“What about Mr. Preppy?”
“He’s a non-issue.”
“Does he know that?”
“I think me running out of the restaurant after you was pretty clear.”
I close my eyes and tilt my head back. How the fuck can I go back in there? They all saw her. Not just her family, but that asshat and his friends. Now I’m going to walk back in there and what? Act like nothing happened? Yeah, I guess I am. For her, I am.
“Come on. Our food’s probably getting cold.”
We walk in and the conversation at our table stops. As well as, the table next to ours. I suck up my pride and pull out her chair. Instead of sitting, Alex spins and grabs me, kissing me hard. She lets me go and turns back around.
“I begged. I know you’re all wondering. I dropped to my knees outside and begged him to give me another chance. I was a bitch, and I don’t deserve him. But he loves me enough to come back in here with me.”
“You’re used to girls on their knees, aren’t you?” a chick from the asshole’s table says to me.
“Excuse me?”
“You’re Miles Corrigan. Half the women in this country have been on their knees for you.”
“You’re Miles Corrigan? Well, fuck. I heard about you and that women’s lacrosse team back east. You really had them all at once?” Mr. Preppy is smiling at me now.
“Listen, I’m with my girl, celebrating her birthday. Yes, I used to be that guy, but I’m not anymore. I’d appreciate it if you let us enjoy the rest of our dinner in peace.”
“Your girl? Cool. I just almost took Miles Corrigan’s girl back to my room.”
“I was never going back to your room. I was just mad at Miles. I shouldn’t have used you and I’m sorry.”
“Use me in any way you want. Especially if you managed to get this guy to commit. You must be one hot piece…”
I’m on him before he can say another word. I have him out of his chair as I get up in his face. His friends start to stand up, but so do the Griffin brothers, which causes them to return to their seats.
“The last asshole who disrespected her isn’t looking so good. Go ahead and say something else.”
“No, man, I’m sorry.”
“Tell her.”
“I’m sorry. Really I am.”
I release him and he throws some money on the table. His whole table leaves, glaring at us the entire time. I don’t give a fuck. Even if I wasn’t with Alex, I’d still defend her. She means too much to me not to. The restaurant manager comes over and tells us that if there’s any more trouble we’ll have to leave. We all tell him we’ll behave.
We sit and eat our dinner. At first, things are a little strained, but everyone soon relaxes. The server brings out a cool cake with Mulan on it. She was always Alex’s favorite princess. She blows out the candles, and then the cake is taken back to be cut.
We’re told the show’s going to start right as the plates of cake are brought out. I turn my chair around so I can watch, placing my plate on my lap. I’m so caught up in the show, which is amazing, that I don’t notice my piece of cake is gone until it’s over.
“What the hell?”
“Is something wrong, Miles?”
“You seriously ate my cake while I was watching the show, Xandy?”
“It was good.”
I wave down the server and ask him for another piece. He looks a little scared of me as he heads back to the kitchen to get it.
“You’re so lucky I love you.”
“I know, Miles. Really, I do.” She looks down then.
“What?”
“Huh?”
“You want to ask me something. What is it?”
“I was just wondering if I could…umm…hold your hand.”
“You don’t have to ask,” I tell her as I hold it out to her.
“I wasn’t sure.”
“We’ll talk about this when we get back to the room, okay?”
“We’re talking?”
I lean in close because I don’t want anyone to hear. Ryan may like me, but he would probably still kill me if he heard what I’m about to say. “Don’t worry. That greedy pussy of yours will get the two orgasms I owe you. But we do need to talk, too.”
“My pussy’s not greedy. It just likes you.”
“It is, and what do you mean ‘likes’ me?”
“Loves. It loves you.”
“That’s better. I love it, too.”
My cake arrives, and I eat it quickly, pushing her hand away when she tries to eat this piece, too. I look up and meet her grandmother’s eyes. Maggie smiles at me, and I smile back. I’ve always liked her. Even though she knows my secret. I trust her to keep it from everyone. Especially Alex.
We hang out a little longer, and then everyone splits up. Alex and I are going to watch Fantasmic with Landon while Zane and Quinn have a little alone time. We need our own alone time, but I should still have enough time to fulfill my birthday duties. She didn’t open her last present yet. She said she wanted to wait until we were alone.
She catches me staring when we’re in New Orleans Square and asks me what I’m looking at. “There’s a suite up there. I wanted to book it so bad for tonight, but you can only win it. Even for a million dollars they wouldn’t give it to me.”
“You were going to pay a million dollars for a suite?”
“You always dreamed of staying in one of the parks.”
“You remembered? Of course you did. You remember everything. I like it.”
“I’m glad.”
“Ugh. You two are worse than my parents,” Landon says with a groan.
I laugh as I ruffle his hair and lean down to whisper in his ear. “Sorry, Land.”
“You’re not mad at Alex anymore, really?”
“Really. I love her very much, and I know she’s sorry.”
“Okay. So I can like her again?”
“I hope you’ll like her forever, buddy. Even if she wasn’t my girlfriend, she’s a great person.”
“She’s really pretty, too.”
“Yes, she is. But you need to find a girl your own age and stop looking at mine.”
“Is she really going to come to our games?”
“She said she would, and she usually does what she says.”
“Are you two talking about me over there?”
“Maybe.”
“It’s not nice to exclude the pretty girl.”
I burst out laughing. “You’re so cute, baby.”
“You two are going to kiss again, aren’t you?”
“Yep. You should probably look away,” I tell him as I pull Alex into my arms.
* * *
Alex
I’m feeling awkward when we get back to our room after dropping Landon off. I don’t know how to behave. I can’t believe I did that to Miles. My uncle was right. I acted like a spoiled little girl. I’d stupidly blurted out that remark about someone else before we left the hotel—which I immediately regretted—and then he wouldn’t even look at me. I wanted him to pay attention to me, but I took it too far. Especially when he put that Tiffany box next to my plate. I don’t deserve him, and I definitely don’t deserve those last two orgasms. But I want him and those. I don’t know what to do.
I’m so lost in my thoughts that I don’t notice we’re inside. I’ve just been standing in the middle of the living room looking like an idiot. When it registers, I look for Miles. He’s sitting on the couch smiling at me.
“Wow. I totally zoned out. I’m sorry.”
“It’s fine. I was hoping you’d work out what was bothering you and come sit with me.”
“I don’t deserve any more orgasms, and I definitely don’t deserve you,” I blurt out before I can stop myself.
“Come sit down, baby.”
I chew on my lip for a few seconds then do as he asks. I sit at the edge of the couch, as far away from him as possible.
“Are you scared of me, Xandy?”
“What? No. Of course not. You’d never hurt me.”
“Then why are you sitting away from me?”
“If I sit closer, I may jump you.”
He laughs, and I see his beautiful eyes twinkling. “After we talk, you definitely need to move closer. I would really like to be jumped by you. For now, I’ll settle for your hand.”
He holds his out in between us, and I place mine on top. He laces our fingers together and gives my hand a reassuring squeeze.
“I just wanted you to pay attention to me, Miles. I swear I wasn’t going to do anything with that guy.”
“I wasn’t ignoring you. I was giving you the freedom to make your choice. I’ll always give you that. I never want you to feel like you have to be with me, Alex. I want to be the one you choose.”
“I’ll always choose you. Always. I can’t believe I made you doubt that. All because you got a little jealous. God, I’m an idiot.”
“You’re actually very smart, but you did act like an idiot tonight.”
“Were you really going to get drunk and laid?”
“Drunk, yes. Laid? Maybe. It’s what I know. Even though I don’t want anyone but you, it’s the way I’ve coped in the past. When things got to be too much, I just fucked some random chick.”
“Please don’t. I’ll try not to make you mad. You can fuck me whenever you want.”
“We make love. It’s not ‘fucking.’ At least not to me. I wasn’t breaking up with you because I was mad at you. Do you still not understand? You nearly broke me in there. Seeing you have so little regard for me, it just…I can’t even explain how bad that made me feel.”
I need to tell him. I don’t want to cause us anymore conflict, but I have to be honest, too. “I understand. That’s how I felt the first day you saw me at work.”
“Shit. I’m sorry. I was so shocked to see you there. I behaved really badly.”
“Yes, you did. I don’t want to say we’re even, because that’s not what tonight was about. I wasn’t trying to get back at you. Can we just put both of those things aside and move on?”
“Yes, wise one, we can.” He leans towards me, and I meet him in the middle. We share a sweet kiss, and then he pulls back. “Now, how do you want your last two?”
“I only get two more tonight?”
“I don’t know if I can manage more than that before midnight.”
“Oh, I think you can. But I’ll settle for my two as long as we don’t stop at midnight.”
“What were you saying about your pussy not being greedy?”
“And you cock’s not?”
“Oh, it is. It would be inside you 24/7 if we let it.”
“We’re going to have to go away somewhere and let it. I could almost come right now just thinking about it.”
“My girl’s a little horny. I like it.”
“I’m extremely horny. And I want it against the wall, King.”
“King?”
“You told me once that you always wanted to be a king when you were little. And now, well, you’re most definitely the King of the Sex Gods, so I’m calling you that from now on.”
Before I can react, he reaches over and picks me up and carries me to the nearest wall. He sets me down and turns me so my back’s against the wall. Then he drops to his knees before me, letting out a curse when he pushes my short dress up, and sees my lacy thong.
“What happened to cotton?”
“I had some other things delivered.”
“I’ll be nice, then,” he tells me as he gently pulls them off of me. “Now, I need to earn my title.”
His mouth is on me before I can respond. He sucks on my clit as he puts his fingers in me. We both know I won’t last long when he does that. After one night, he already knows exactly what to do to make me scream. Having him do it while I’m mostly clothed is making me even more turned on, if that’s even possible. A minute later, I’m screaming like I knew I would.
Before I have a chance to come down, his pants are around his thighs and he’s thrusting into me. My back bows because it feels so good. I grab his shoulders and use them to jump up a little. I need my legs around him. He’s sucking lightly on my neck as I push his jacket off his shoulders. He lets go of me long enough to let it fall to the ground.
I want to undress the rest of him, but I can’t function at the moment. He’s pulled my dress down and is sucking on my nipple through my lacy bra. I’m meeting him thrust for thrust and going a little wild. Okay, a lot wild. When he pins me to the wall I know I’m done. I let the orgasm overtake me as I bite his shoulder right through his shirt. He comes with a roar a few seconds later.
“Damn.”
“That was the best last birthday orgasm ever.”
“Well, you don’t call me ‘King’ for nothing.”
“Ugh. Are you going to be cocky about my nickname for you?”
“Oh yeah. But, I’ll make sure to earn my title every night. And morning. Maybe lunch time.”
“I like that.”
“I hope so,” he tells me as he pulls my dress and his pants back up and carries me back to the couch. “You need to open your last present. It’s almost midnight.”
I pick up the box and look down at it. “Thank you for all these presents. It means a lot to know that you remembered everything after all these years. I remember things you like, too. I’m going to spoil you on your birthday.”
“I’ll look forward to that. Now hurry. It’s 11:59.”
I open the box and pull out the silver bangle made up of infinity symbols. My eyes tear up. “It’s perfect.”
“So you still like them? I wasn’t sure. I know you used to draw them all the time.”
“I still love them and what they represent. Never ending love. Is that us, Miles?”
“Yes, Xandy. It is.”
Chapter 7
Miles
The weekend was amazing, and I’m more than a little bummed to be back at work today. But duty calls. It’s been a crazy morning full or meetings and conference calls. I’m glad I had my secretary keep my lunch hour free, though. I need my girl. Even if it is just for lunch. I just need to see her.
I walk into the foundation lobby and see her laughing with Tegan. “Hi, ladies.”
“What do you want, Miles?”
“To take my girlfriend to lunch.”
“Girlfriend?”
“Yep. You ready, Alex?”
“Yeah. Let me just put the away message on the phone.”
“You two? Really? That’s really cool.” She hugs Alex and then looks at me. “Just know that if you hurt her, we’ll all come for you.”
“Noted.”
I hold out my hand, and Alex takes it, smiling, as we walk back out the door. I notice a few people’s mouths drop open as we walk to the cafeteria, and so does she.
“I’m ruining your street cred, King.”
“Don’t care, Xandy.”
To prove my point, I pull her to me as soon as we walk into the cafeteria and kiss her sweetly. I’m pretty sure all conversation has stopped, but I’m too busy to notice. We pull apart a minute later, and I lean my forehead against hers as we smile at each other for a moment. I back up and walk her over to the salad place she likes, kissing her hand and telling her I’ll meet her at the table.
I grab a quesadilla and snag a table for two by the window. I’ve just gotten my drink and silverware situated when someone sits across from me. It’s some chick I’d slept with when I first started working here a year ago.
“That seat’s taken.”
“Seriously? We had fun. Let’s go again, Miles. That girl is just...”
“Just what? Beautiful? Smart? Sexy as hell? My girlfriend?”
She scoffs. “You don’t have a girlfriend.”
“Actually he does, and that is my seat.”
“Take it from me if you think it’s yours.”
I start to stand. We can just move if crazy chick over here is so intent on sitting at this table. Alex shocks me by pushing me back into my seat and then sitting on my lap. I wrap my arms around her and nuzzle her neck.
“I prefer this seat, anyway. Feel free to sit there if you really need to.”
The chick’s eyes go wide as Alex feeds me a piece of my quesadilla. I smirk as she licks some sour cream from my mouth. Chick gets the message and stomps away. Alex goes to get up, but I told her tight.
“Where do you think you’re going?”
“My seat.”
“I thought you liked this one better.”
“I do. But’s it’s not exactly easy for both of us to eat when I’m on your lap.”
“Fine. As long as you promise to sit on me when we get home.”
“Umm…where is home, Miles?” I ask as I get up and walk to the now empty seat.
“Wherever you want it to be. Are you going to keep staying in the guest house?” That’s where we slept last night. It sucked, though, because I had to leave her early to go home and change.
“I don’t really want to. But I don’t want to go to my apartment, either. That’s where...”
“You’re not staying there. Do you want to move in with me?”
“Really? You want me to?”
I realize that I really do want that. Waking up with her every morning would be amazing.
“I wouldn’t ask you if I didn’t want you to. We can even get new furniture and stuff if you don’t like what I have now.”
“You’d let me decorate?”
“I was thinking we’d decorate together, but I’m open to almost anything.”
“So if I want a frilly pink bedroom?”
“I’m man enough for that, although we both know turquoise is your favorite color, not pink. At least it used to be.”
“It still is. I’d love to move in with you, Miles.”
“But? I feel like there’s one coming.”
“But if it feels like too much, if you feel smothered, you need to tell me right away so I can leave before you hate me.”
“I could never hate you, baby,” I tell her as I reach for her hand. “I don’t think I’ll ever feel anything but happy to be living with you. If for some unfathomable reason I do, I promise to tell you. You need to promise the same thing.”
“I promise.”
At the end of lunch I walk her back to her desk. Then I had back to work, but not before pulling her into an empty office for a little make-out session, of course. I may be trying to be a better person, but I’m definitely not a saint. Especially when it comes to having my hands and mouth on Alex.
* * *
Alex
I’m humming shortly before it’s time for me to leave, so I don’t notice my grandma and Jane in front on me. “Oh, hi, Sorry. I was caught up in my thoughts.”
“Of Miles? Tegan said he came to get you for lunch.”
“Yes, Grandma, I was thinking of Miles. I…umm…I’m going to move in with him.”
“No. It’s too soon.”
“I’ve been in love with him for six years. How is that too soon?”
“You’ve just started dating. You don’t know what he’ll do.”
“Do?”
“My grandson would protect her at all costs to himself, Maggie. You know that.”
“I do. You’re right. It’s just that they haven’t been together for even a week. What if it doesn’t work out?”
“We promised each other that we’d say something if either of us is feeling like it’s not working.”
“I must admit, my dear, that I can’t really see you happily living in his apartment. It’s rather cold and impersonal. I don’t think Miles thinks of it as home,” Jane warns me.
“He said we’d re-decorate together. I can do pretty much anything I want.”
“You’re so good for him, and I’m so thankful that you’ve found your way back to one another.”
“Me too.”
“Just be careful, Alex. Miles has a lot of baggage that you know nothing about. There’s a reason his mother moved far away when his parents finally divorced. I don’t want him to hurt you. I saw him this weekend with you, and I know he loves you deeply, but it may not be enough.”
“Maggie, don’t. You’re my friend, but he’s my grandson.”
“Both of you please stop. I’m not a little child and neither is Miles. I appreciate how much the two of you care about us, but we have to make our own decisions. I’m sorry if you’re not happy with mine, Grandma, but this is what I want. He’s who I want.”
“I need to remember you’re not a little girl anymore. You can give your heart to whoever you want. My job now is to just be there for you if you need me. Is there anything I can do to help you move?”
“No. For right now, I’m just going to take the things I have in the guest house. Once we figure out furniture, and other things, I’ll go get the stuff from my apartment.”
“That sounds like a good idea. You’re such a beautiful, smart, girl. Don’t ever doubt that.”
“I’ll try. I love you, Grandma.”
“I love you, too.”
My grandma leaves, and Jane gives me a smile as she goes back to her office. As soon as he door is closed, Tegan, Ainsley, and Stella come around the corner. I forgot that this room is bugged, as well as monitored, by several cameras.
“You’re really moving in with Miles?”
“Yeah. I am.”
“You should tell him you want a pink bedroom,” Stella says with a laugh.
“I did. He said he’s man enough for that.”
“Anything would be an upgrade from what he has now. I mean, bare bones doesn’t even come close to describing that place,” Tegan says.
My stomach drops. I didn’t think about the women Miles had taken there. I stupidly thought it would be special for us. I guess I’d been hoping he just went to their places. My distress must show on my face because Ainsley hugs me.
“He’s letting you replace everything, Alex. It doesn’t matter who was there before. No one’s lived with him there.”
“Or spent the night. I got kicked out right after we did the deed.” Tegan nods in agreement as Stella continues. “We can’t un-sleep with him. But you need to know that it was nothing like what he seems to want with you. We had sex. Once. And when it was over, he nicely showed us the door.”
“She’s right. He wants you to live with him. Just focus on that.”
“I’m trying.” But failing. I try to smile, but I can’t.
All three girls surround me. They don’t say anything else because I think they know I just need to work this out before I see Miles and make things awkward again.
“What’s wrong?” Apparently I took too long because he’s running to my desk, causing the girls to scatter. “Xandy?”
“It’s nothing. It’s stupid.”
“If you’re upset, it’s not stupid.”
He’s being so nice. He looks scared and helpless. He looks to the girls. “What happened? Why is she upset?”
Stella sighs and then rubs the bridge of her nose before answering. “We heard that she was moving in with you and mentioned how bare and cold your place is.”
“Okay… We’re redecorating, so why is that a problem?”
“We were there, Miles,” Tegan tells him.
Awareness dawns on his face. “Nothing. It meant nothing to me. Do you hear me, Alex? Them, the other women, it was all nothing.”
“They were in your bed.”
“Yes.”
“And other places in the apartment.”
“Yes.”
“I can’t live there.”
“Alex, baby, we’ll change everything.”
“I cannot live there with you.” I know I’m bordering on hysteria, but I can’t help myself.
“Okay. Just give me a few minutes. I’m going to fix this. I’ll be back.” He pulls his phone out of his pocket and heads out of the foundation office.
“I haven’t been his biggest fan, but he loves you. Anyone can see that. I can’t wait to see what he has planned,” Stella tells me.
“Me too.”
Miles comes back in a few minutes later, smiling. “One of the penthouses in my building is available. We can look at it tonight if you want. If you like it, we can stay next door at the JW Marriott until it’s ready for us to move into. If not, we’ll just stay there tonight and find somewhere else.”
“The penthouse? That must be pretty fancy,” Tegan says.
“It has five bedrooms, nine bathrooms, and a pool.”
“Do we need that much space?” Five bedrooms?
“Not now, but one day there may be a little Alex running around. I can have an office and you can have a music room. So you can sing again if you want to.”
For him, I do. I want to sing from the rooftops. That’s really corny, so I’m not going to say it. But that’s what I want to do.
“Thank you so much, Miles,” I tell him as I close the space between us and kiss him.
“Anything for you. All you have to do is ask.”
“Same for you, King. I hope you know that.”
“I do. Now let’s go look at our possible new home.”
My home is right here, with him. Anywhere he is will always be my home. That’s corny too, so I’ll keep it to myself. For now.
* * *
Miles
We’ve been living here in a suite at the hotel for a week now. We both loved the penthouse and signed the papers the morning after seeing it. Alex insisted on paying for half, and I let her. We both could’ve easily bought ten of them without blinking an eye. I love that she’s all in with me and wanted to own it together.
In between work, and mauling each other every night, we’ve been picking out furniture and wall colors with Chloe. She’s a world-renowned interior designer, so who better to help us? The place was a little too lavish the way it was. We both want it to look a little more modern. Chloe’s also been pulling things from both of our places and said it will be ready in two more weeks. I can’t wait to see our things mixed together.
“What are you thinking so hard about over there?”
“How much I want to see our stuff in the new place, along with everything we’ve picked out.”
“You just want to sleep in the pink bedroom with me.”
She wanted to surprise me with the bedroom, so I’m letting her. I’m 99% sure that it’s not pink, but even if it is, who cares? I get to wake up with her in my arms every morning. I really don’t give a shit about what it looks like.
“No. I want to make love to you in our bedroom. And every other room in the house.”
“I like that. A lot. I think I need to make something other than your mind work hard this morning.”
She dives under the covers and has me in her mouth before I can respond. I groan and arch my back as I feel my cock hit her throat. He hand is circling the base and squeezing while she works her mouth up and down. She’s licking me while she moves, and I know I’m not going to hold out very long.
I try to pull her up, but she slaps my hand away. She sucks me harder and then adds a little bit of teeth. “Alex!” I yell as I come hard down her throat. She sucks me a few more times and then licks me clean.
“That was yummy.”
“Damn, baby. What that was is hot. Like crazy, fucking hot.”
“I’ve been wanting to try that since we got together.”
“Try?”
“Yeah. I-I’ve never done that before. I looked online to see how. I wanted to ask the girls, but that would have been embarrassing. And weird.”
I pull her up my body and claim her mouth before she can say anything else. I’m attacking her mouth as I run my hands all over her glorious body. Yes, I’m a little crazed. And hard again. I just got to be the first man who she put her mouth on like that. And I’m feeling every ounce of the Alpha I know I am.
“You’re such a good girl, Xandy. Learning how to do that for me. Now I want you to slide onto my cock and ride me hard. I need it hard, and I know you do, too.”
Since we know we’re both clean, and she’s on the pill, we haven’t been using condoms for the past few days. She smiles as I lift her up and impale her on my cock. She’s moving slowly, just rocking back and forth really.
“Harder. I know you like feeling me big and thick inside you. You’re so beautifully tight, and I want you to let go.”
“I want that, too. I do love having you inside of me.”
I can tell she wants it, but she still has those stupid insecurities. I’m going to have to help her along. Push her boundaries. Not like the asshole did, but in a way that makes her feel powerful.
“Put one of your hands on the headboard.” She does as I suggest, and I take her other hand, sliding it over her stomach and placing it on her clit. “You’re in charge of your orgasm. I’m going to play with your glorious tits while you use your fingers to touch yourself. And your body to take what you need from my cock. It’s all up to you, baby.”
I see her eyes darken as she smiles. Yeah. She wants it. She wants the control, and like a good Alpha, I can give it to her. Sometimes. I need to be in control more often than not because of the demons I carry with me, but I can share from time to time.
She starts moving faster as I use my mouth and fingers on her tits. I can feel her fingers brush the base of my cock as she works herself over. I’m making myself hold back because I want her to scream first. For both of us.
It doesn’t take long. I feel her walls clamping down on me as she screams my name. She’s still touching herself, making it last longer. I don’t let up either until she puts her other hand on the headboard and looks down at me.
“Your turn, King. Come hard for me.”
As I feel her moving harder and faster, I bite down on her nipple and watch her throw her head back, moaning. I also start thrusting into her. I know this is her show, but I can’t stop my body from reacting. She’s still in control, though, as I come as hard as she told me to.
“Oh my God. That was beyond perfect. Beyond.”
She snuggles up onto my chest and I wrap my arms around her. “Thanks for letting me be in control.”
“You can be in control whenever you want.”
“I know. That’s one of the reasons I love you so much.”
“I love you, too.”
Chapter 8
Alex
The past two weeks have flown by. Chloe got our condo done, and we’re moving in today. I can’t wait to see how everything came together. Tomorrow night we’re having our families over, but tonight it is just for us. And I want it to be perfect.
I asked Faith, one of the Society girls, to help me come up with something to cook. She’s a trained chef and can make pretty much anything. She gave me simple, but awesome sounding recipes for the fish and side dishes. Of course I’m making my grandma’s famous mac and cheese, but everything else is courtesy of Faith. Reina let me leave work early to get everything ready.
I’ve got everything plated and have just enough time to strike a sexy pose next to the dining room table when Miles walks in the front door. He calls out to me, and I tell him I’m in the dining room. I hear him walking across the marble floor towards me. He crosses the doorway and stops short.
“Holy shit, baby. Is this the way I’m going to be welcomed home every night?”
“No. Most nights we’ll come home together, but I wanted tonight to be special.”
“Walking in to find you in just an apron is about as special as it can get.”
“I cooked, too.”
“I can see that, but I’m hungry for a taste of you right now.”
I run around the table as he comes for me. “We need to eat.”
“I’m planning on eating my favorite thing,” he tells me as he pulls me into his arms.
“Please can we eat dinner? It’ll spoil.”
He hesitates. “You’re killing me, Xandy. You know that, right? Refusing you anything is impossible. Let’s eat.”
“Thank you. I should’ve kept my clothes on, but I wanted to look sexy for you.”
He pulls out my chair for me and then sits down. “Two things. One, you always look sexy. And two, feel free to walk around naked all day and night. I’ll never complain.”
“You’re so selfless, King.”
“Only when it comes to you.”
We meet in the middle of the table for a sweet kiss. “I can’t wait to show you the bedroom. And that’s for purely selfish reasons. I think the pink will look sexy with your black shirt.”
“You do realize that I won’t give a fuck if it really is pink. As long as there’s a bed big enough for me to play with you on, I don’t care what color it is.”
“What if I said it was twin sized?”
“I’d say that you’d have to be on top of me while we slept, so I’m still winning.”
“It’s not.”
“I know. You keep telling me how insatiable you are. There’s no way our bed is anything but sexy. Let me finish this delicious meal you cooked and then I’ll show you how much I appreciate it. And you.”
“You like it?”
“It’s really good. Did Faith help you?”
“Yeah.” I never thought that she might’ve cooked for him. And I didn’t mean for jealously to come through in that one word. But it did.
“I didn’t sleep with her, Alex. She cooks Thanksgiving dinner at my gram’s house.”
“Oh. It’s none of my business, anyway.”
“Tegan, Jade, and Stella. And it’s totally your business. Even though it was just once with each, and I feel absolutely nothing for them.”
“Really? Nothing?”
“Well, now I may feel a little more cordial towards them since they seem to be good friends to you. But other than that, there really is nothing. I’ve already told you I used women and sex to cope.”
“What is it with me?”
“With you, it’s everything. I’m not trying to escape something. I’m running to you and the love we have. The love I can finally express. I’ve never known the pleasure I feel with you before. And I’ve never come as hard. You’re it, Xandy. My heart’s not only whole with you, but so are my body and my soul.”
“Wow. That was super romantic. And hot. Very, very hot. Are you done eating?”
“Yes. You need me now?” he asks with a cocky smirk.
“I do,” I answer him honestly and with no shame. That word isn’t a part of us.
Miles gets out of his chair and then leans down to pick me up. He carries me up the staircase, giving me little kisses all the way. He stops outside our bedroom, and it’s my turn to smirk. He’s going to love our room. I reach out and open the door.
“Wow. Are those palm trees?” he asks as he walks in.
“Metal ones, yes. I wanted to remember where we met. And fell in love.” The bed has the silver metal trees as the base with fronds crossing over each other on top, forming a canopy. There are thick turquoise curtains closed on all sides hiding the bed, for now.
“The curtains?”
“They can be opened. I want to feel like we’re closed off into our own world, sometimes.”
“Is that where the pink is? Behind the curtains?”
“You know there’s no pink.”
“I was pretty sure, but I thought you might do it just to spite me.”
“Nope. I don’t want to spite you, I want to make you yell my name.”
“You’re the screamer, baby.”
“Yes, but you’re the yeller.”
“I’m going to surrender because I want to see what’s behind the curtain.”
I reach forward and part the curtains at the foot of the bed. I hear Miles’ sharp intake of breath as he sees our bed. The black comforter with shiny, turquoise feathers all over it. There is a padded headboard that’s the same color as the curtains and a chandelier above our heads, inside the bed frame.
“Fuck. That’s a crown.”
“For my King.”
“I’m going to earn that tonight.”
“I’m counting on it.”
He throws me on the bed and spends the rest of the night, and part of the morning, earning that crown. Over and over again. Yes, I scream, but I make him yell, too.
* * *
Miles
I just woke up, and with the curtains still closed on our bed, I can’t tell what time of day it is. I hope it’s still day since we have a bunch of people coming over for dinner. Alex moves her hand down and grabs onto my morning wood. I didn’t even realize she was awake. I groan as she starts stroking me, but then I pull her hand away. One of us has to be the voice of reason.
“You don’t want me?”
“You felt how hard I am so you know that’s not even close to being true. We have to get up, though, and get things ready for tonight.”
“Just once?”
“You know damn well that it won’t be just once if we start. I, for one, would like to walk down the stairs later. Crawling in front of the guests would be a little awkward.”
“You’re right. I guess we can be good. For now. After the party, your body’s mine again.”
“Deal.”
We get up, and I’m relieved to see that it’s not too late in the day. I grab my stuff and shower in one of the guest bedrooms. My resolve to behave would never survive a shower with Alex. After our showers, we have some breakfast and then head out.
We’ve just picked up our flower arrangements and are getting in the car when Alex stops me. “I was wondering if we could stop by my old place since we’re close. Chloe got my stuff out, but I think I’m ready to face my demons. I want to walk in there and take back my space.”
“Sure. Whatever you need.”
I drive us there and hold her hand as we walk to the door. She takes a deep breath and unlocks the front door. We walk inside, and I see her visibly start to relax. Until we walk into her bedroom and find Nick waiting for us.
“I knew you’d be back eventually. Today must be my lucky day.”
Alex’s phone rings before we can respond. “Hi, Ainsley. I’m a little busy right now. Can I call you back?” She pulls the phone from her ear, but I notice that she doesn’t hang up.
“Get the fuck out, asshole, or I’ll make you look even worse than I did last time,”
“Love to see you try.”
I lunge for him, when all of a sudden Alex screams my name and I’m grabbed from behind. Three big, hulking guys just came out of her walk-in closet. I know we’re screwed. I can’t fight those guys, plus Nick, and win. I mentally prepare myself to take whatever they can dish out. Then I hear her scream again.
I look over and see the guy holding her rip open her shirt and kiss her neck. Motherfucker. I struggle against the two guys holding me, but it’s no use. “I’ll kill you. I swear it. I will find all of you and kill you.”
“Such big words from someone who can’t even save himself, much less his little slut.”
Nick has the guys turn me towards Alex as he puts on some brass knuckles and starts to punch me. In between blows, he lifts my head and makes me watch his friend grope and kiss her. I try to fight. I do. It’s no use, though. I resign myself to the fact that I’ve failed yet another woman in my life.
The blows keep coming, and Alex keeps screaming, until suddenly my arms are free and I hear bodies hitting the walls. As I fall to the floor, I see my brother and Scott whaling on the four guys. I swear that I see Jade too, but that makes no sense. It all fades to black before I can process anything else.
* * *
Alex
I’m so scared. I’ve been waiting at the hospital for hours. The paramedics insisted on bringing me in, along with Miles, because they thought I might be in shock. I’m not. I’m just scared for the man I love. Nick hurt him. Really bad. If Uncle Scott, Matt, and Jade hadn’t gotten there when they did, he might have ended up dead. And I would’ve been raped.
It was bad enough that the guy was groping and kissing me. Thinking about it makes me shudder. I want to believe that I would’ve somehow fought him off. But I don’t know how.
I was counting on Ainsley overhearing what was happening and tracking us down. We all have tracking devices. At first I thought it was weird having it injected in my arm, but I’m so thankful for it now. It was lucky that Scott, Jade, and Matt happened to be there with her. I owe them all our lives.
I know Miles is alive, but that’s all I know. They’ll only let family into the ICU, and even though we’re living together, I’m not his wife. So, I don’t count. That really sucks, but as long as Matt and Jane keep giving me updates, I’ll survive. I won’t leave, though.
I’m thinking this as they walk out into the waiting room. Matt is holding Jane up. She’s not looking too good. “Jane, are you alright? Is Miles worse?”
“I’m fine, dear. Miles is sleeping right now.”
“I’m taking her home to sleep. You should go home, too.”
“No. I can’t leave, Matt.”
“They won’t let you in, Alex. I’ve tried everything I can to get them to bend the rules.”
“I know. I appreciate you trying. I won’t leave until he’s out of there. My aunts are bringing me some clothes tomorrow.”
“Alright. I’ll see you in the morning, then.”
I sit back down in my seat and don’t realize I’ve fallen asleep until I feel a hand caressing my cheek. I startle and look into eyes I haven’t seen in years. Eyes that try to look charming, but I know are full of evil. Martin Corrigan.
I jump back from his touch. “You grew into a beautiful girl, Alexandra. No wonder my son loves fucking you.”
“Stay away from him.”
“I just left him. We had a lovely chat. Now it’s your turn.”
“What?”
“I’ve convinced the nurse here to let you in to see Miles.”
I look past him and see the nurse smiling at me. I jump out of my chair and walk quickly to her.
“Aren’t you going to thank me?”
“No,” I tell him as he smirks at me.
I follow the nurse to Miles’ cubicle. He’s looking away when I walk in. I gasp as I take in all his bruises and cuts. He turns his head to glare at me.
“What the fuck are you doing here?”
My heart almost stops. That’s exactly what he said when he saw me in the foundation office. His voice sounds even colder now. I don’t know how that’s possible.
“Your dad got them to let me in. I’ve been in the waiting room. I was so worried, Miles.”
“Of course he did. I’m fine Alex. You should go.”
“You don’t want to see me?”
“No. Not now. Not ever. It’s over.”
“Wh-what? No, Miles. We love each other.”
“You were just another fuck.”
“That’s not true. We bought a place together. We live together.”
“You’re really good, so I wanted more time with you. That’s all. I could afford that condo, so why not humor you. You can have it. I won’t be setting foot in there again.”
“Why are you doing this, Miles? Did your father say something to you?”
I see him flinch, but he doesn’t back down.
“I’m doing this because I’m done with you. Now get out.”
“I’m not leaving until you explain this to me. I know what you’re saying isn’t true.”
“GET OUT!” he yells, and the nurse rushes into the room.
“You’ll need to leave now, miss.”
“I love you, Miles.”
He doesn’t answer as I stumble from the room. I want to throw up. And then curl into a little ball somewhere and never get up. I don’t know what that was. All I can think is that he’s angry with me for getting him hurt.
I drop into a chair in the waiting room, trying to collect myself enough to call a cab to take me home. Home. That’s a joke. Miles is my home. I don’t want to go back to the condo without him. But I need to.
“Alex?”
I look up to see Jessica, Miles’ mom, running towards me. She looks just like I remember her. “Hi Jessica.”
“I flew in as soon as I could. Have they let you in? I’ll make them let you in.”
“Mr. Corrigan had them do that when he left.”
“Martin? He was here?”
“Yeah.”
“Did they limit your time with Miles?”
“He made me leave.”
“Miles? No. He’s been telling me how happy he is now that you’re together.”
“He told me I was just another fuck.”
“No, Alex. That’s not true.”
“It’s what he told me before he kicked me out. I need to leave, Jessica. It was nice to see you.”
“Don’t give up on my son, Alex. This feels like it has my ex-husband’s slimy hands all over it. I’ll talk to Miles.”
I just shrug at her and walk out. I’ve worked hard on building my self-respect back up. I won’t let anyone tear it back down. Not even Miles.
Chapter 9
Miles
I’m finally getting released from the hospital today. I’m guessing that people who have regular—or no—insurance aren’t kept in for two weeks very often. That’s what they did to me, though. Two weeks of poking, prodding, and some awesome pain meds. Along with two weeks of guilt, longing, and hatred. Fun times.
My door opens, and Matt strolls in. “Man, its good you’re getting out today. You can get your head out of your ass and talk to Alex.”
“I have nothing to talk to her about. We’re over.”
“So you don’t care that the girls set her up with a blind date for tonight?”
No! She wouldn’t. Not so soon. I know she hasn’t called or texted since I kicked her out of the ICU, but I didn’t think she’d get over me so soon. Apparently she has. I should be happy, because God knows I’ll never get back together with her. Instead I feel like I’m dying. I can’t let it show, though.
“It’s none of my business.”
“What the fuck is wrong with you? You had this amazing woman, who you’ve apparently been in love with for years, and you’re just giving her up because you got beat up?”
“What? I don’t care about getting beat up.”
“That’s not what she thinks. She puts on a brave front, but I caught her crying the other day. She blames herself for you getting beat up. Nick’s going to rot in jail, which is better than he deserves, but she thinks that you hate her now because you got hurt.”
“It’s not her fault. None of it’s her fault. It’s mine. Every fucking thing is my fault.”
“It’s your fault that some crazy bastard got fixated on her?”
“No. It’s my fault that dad got so angry at me he did everything he could to destroy me. And it worked.”
“What the fuck are you talking about?”
“We’d like to know that as well.”
I didn’t hear my mom or gram walk in, but they’re here now. I don’t want to tell them. I honestly don’t want anyone to know. I wish I didn’t know. Then I could still be with Alex.
“No one needs to know, Gram.”
“Yes we do, Miles. Please tell us what your father said to you. I know you love Alex. I know it.”
I give in. I’m really too tired to fight, and although it’s selfish of me, I want someone to share the burden of what I know. Three of the four people who mean the most to me are in this room. There’s no one else I could ever tell.
“Okay. Take me to my old place and I’ll tell you everything. It’s really ugly, but at least you’ll understand why I can never be with Alex.
* * *
Alex
It’s been three weeks since I walked out of the hospital. I’d be lying if I said I don’t cry myself to sleep every night. I’ve stayed in the condo, but I sleep in one of the guest rooms. I can’t sleep in our bed without Miles. Although, I guess it’s just my bed now.
Jessica came over and boxed up his stuff. She looked sad as the moving guys took it away, but she did it. That was two weeks ago. While he was still in the hospital. I know he got out last week, but he hasn’t tried to contact me and I’ve forced myself to not look pathetic by calling or texting someone who is so obviously over me.
I’ve let the girls set me up on a few blind dates. I didn’t click with any of them. They were all hot, and successful, but they’re not him. Miles has ruined me for every other man on Earth.
I try to clear my head as I walk into the Society room for the emergency meeting Jane called. No one has any idea what’s going on, but they’re all excited at the prospect of a new mission. It’s rare that everyone’s called in at once, so the excitement level is even higher.
I take my seat. Everyone’s here except for Jane and Matt. I hear the door close behind me and turn to see them, along with Jessica.
“Thank you all for coming. I know you’re expecting a mission. There will be more than one. My family needs help from all of you, especially Alex.”
“Me? I don’t know how to go on a mission. I’m just supposed to work the front desk.”
“You’re the only one who can save my son from destroying himself.”
“She’s not going anywhere near Miles,” Tegan tells her.
“That’s not for you to decide. Now let Jessica speak. What she has to tell you may change your mind about what you think happened to Miles. And Alex.” Jane glares, and no one dares to challenge her.
I see her take a deep breath, and then Matt squeezes her hand and kisses the side of her head. “My ex-husband beat me. Often. I let it go on because I was scared that if I said anything, the consequences would be too much to deal with. I thought no one would believe me and then Martin would get custody of Miles. I knew if that happened, he would beat my little boy. I had to protect him.
“When he became older, he tried to intervene on a couple of occasions. Once was during the summer, and I think he told Alex.”
“He did. He said his dad hit him because he did something wrong. He wouldn’t tell me what it was.”
“He was trying to defend me. He wasn’t strong enough yet, and his father hurt him. Not just physically. Martin told Miles that he’d never be able to protect me or anyone one else he loved from him. I begged Miles to never interfere for me again. He begged me to tell Jane, or even Matt. He said his older brother would help, even if he wasn’t my biological son. I was still scared, so I refused.
“Martin started spending more and more time away from home over the next year. Miles was away at military school and asked for permission to take martial arts classes off campus. Martin knew that if he became too strong, he’d fight back. Fight for me. So he had a doctor friend say that Miles had severe asthma and couldn’t participate in sports or use the weight room. I gave my son the permission to take the class, which almost cost us all everything.
“The next summer, when Miles turned eighteen, I saw the change in how he looked at Alex. I knew he was in love with her. It made me so happy. Their age difference was an issue then, but it wouldn’t matter in a few years, and they were such good friends. I knew they’d stay in touch. Until I ruined it all.”
“How did you ruin it? He was the one who left and didn’t speak to me for six years.”
She turns to me as she explains. “I was talking to him about it, about you, when his father walked in for a surprise visit. He was furious, thinking Miles would disgrace us by pursuing you and that he would lose the deal for Gary to build the latest Corrigan building. Miles told him he wouldn’t touch you until you were old enough.” She pauses and closes her eyes for a minute. “Then Martin started saying things about you, Alex. Disgusting, vile things. Miles, well, Miles went crazy. I’ve never seen him look the way he did that night. He was full of rage, and although I wouldn’t let him protect me, there was nothing I could say or do to stop him from protecting you. He used all the skills he’d learned and almost killed Martin.”
“Oh my God.”
“It was then that Jessica finally had to call me and tell me what was going on. Miles was in police custody, and my son was in the ICU, almost dead.”
“Jane believed what I told her and got Miles out of jail. While Martin was still in the hospital, Reina and Audrey dug up everything they could find so we could blackmail him into leaving us alone after I divorced him.”
I see Matt look to Reina and mouth “thank you” before he speaks to all of us. “I still can’t believe this was all happening. I would’ve protected you both.”
“You were protecting our country, Matt. I was always so proud to be your step-mom. I thought we’d be okay. I was just trying to wait for Miles to leave the house before divorcing Martin. I knew I’d be okay on my own and he’d be at college, where his father couldn’t hurt him. At least not physically.
“After the divorce, I left Chicago. I needed to be away, and I also couldn’t bear to see Martin going on like nothing happened. Mitchell knew what had happened, but his hands were tied. Because he’d always wanted to have Corrigan & Co. be a family business, he’d written certain things into the charter. One of those was that two Corrigan men had to be part of the company at all times, unless there was no one who wanted the job. Miles was too young, and Matt was away, so he was forced to keep Martin in the company.”
“I tried to make him quit. The bastard spit in my face, and called me some names. He knew there was only so far I could go with him, because no one wanted him killed.”
“Motherfucking bastard.” I look over, and Matt looks like he wants to kill his father himself.
“Yes, he is. But he was behaving because he had his precious job.”
“Until Miles and I took it from him.”
“Yes. When Mitchell died, and you took over, Martin wasn’t worried. It was when Miles decided to give up his baseball contract and take the other spot in the company, that he was pushed over the edge. He hid it well. We all thought he was ready to go, and live his life of luxury without the work. We were so wrong.”
She bursts into tears, and Matt pulls her into his arms, hugging her close. Jane takes a deep breath, and then looks at me. I see regret, and guilt on her face.
“I thought he was over it. I would’ve had him monitored more closely if I’d had any inkling of what he was planning.”
“Why are you looking at me?”
“Because his revenge was all about you, Alex. He saw how Miles had behaved with women over the years, and figured out that he was still in love with you. He wanted to hurt him, and prove to him that although he was now too strong to be scared of him, Miles could never protect you from him.”
“But it was Nick, and his friends who hurt Miles. And me.”
“When you saw Martin at the hospital, he had just told Miles the truth.” She takes another deep breath. “Martin hired Nick to pursue you, and to do the other things he did. It was all planned out. He even knew Miles would beat Nick up, although I don’t believe he shared that with Nick. He had those men camp out in your apartment, knowing you’d come back at some point. It was all a sick plot to hurt Miles. To show him he couldn’t protect you from his father. He didn’t care who he hurt.”
“Oh my God. That’s why he broke up with me.”
“Yes. What Martin told him, along with watching that man kiss you and touch you while he was being beaten, has nearly destroyed Miles.”
“We’re killing him, right? Please tell me we’re killing Martin.”
“We don’t use that word, Scott. Ever. You know that. My son will be neutralized, but he will live. I-I can’t order anything more. I’m sorry.”
My grandma walks over to her, and hugs her. “Don’t be. None of us expect you to order that. He’s still your son, even if he’s not who you raised him to be. As long as he can’t hurt anyone again, we’ll stand behind your decision.”
“Thank you. We’re cleaning out his accounts, cutting off his money, and dropping him somewhere remote. He’ll have shelter, and we’ll drop food to him monthly, but he’ll be on his own.”
“What if he escapes?” Zane asks.
“My son is too lazy to get far. If by some miracle he does, the tracker in him will let us know, and we’ll pick him up, and drop him back at the starting point.”
“Wow. You don’t play around.”
“No. We don’t.”
“Who’s doing this?”
“I am, Matt,” Reina tells him.
“I’m going with you, Princess. You’re not facing that bastard alone.”
“I’m taking Jade and Audrey with me.”
“Take me too. Please. I promise I’ll follow your orders. I’m smart enough to realize that I can’t lead this mission, but I need to be part of it.”
“Okay. Let’s go.”
They walk out of the room, and then I turn to everyone else. “I’m going to need help. From all of you.”
“What are you planning, Alex?”
“I’m going to woo Miles. Show him how special and important he is. I know just what I need, but for some things, I’ll need help.” I look to Jessica, and she smiles. “I need the cards.”
“I know where they are. But we’ll need Martin for them.”
“I can get into any place they could be hidden,” Darcy tells her.
“A bank vault?”
“Piece of cake.”
I outline the rest of my plan for them. They all agree to help with their parts of it. I thank them, and then get started on what I have to do. I’m going to fight for Miles, even though he’s the one I’ll have to beat to get him back. I won’t let him go again.
Chapter 10
Miles
It’s my first day back to work, and even my secretary gives me a smile when I walk in. Or hobble in. I’m still not moving too fast, even two weeks after being released. Broken ribs and internal injuries will do that to you, I guess. I walk into my office and stop in my tracks.
Paper cranes are hanging from the ceiling and there’s one sitting in the middle of my desk. I know there’s 1,000 of them. Alex and I read that book and then made 1,000 of our own cranes that year. I go to my desk and see the note underneath that crane.
I’m wishing for another chance with my King.
I love you,
Xandy
I suck in a breath as I drop to my chair. She only wants that chance because she doesn’t know. She doesn’t understand that everything was my fault. If she did, she’d never want to see me again.
* * *
It has been two days since the cranes; all of which I carefully took down and boxed. I can’t have her, but I’ll keep those. It’s been a long day of work, and I have Landon’s baseball practice tonight. I haven’t been much use as a coach the last month, but they’ve been doing really well. The championship game is on Saturday. I think I’m more excited than the guys are.
I walk slowly out to the field, casually glancing at the stands. I do a double take when I see Alex lounging on the bleachers. She’s leaning back with her elbows on the bench behind her, looking hot as hell. She has on a baseball cap from the team I was supposed to play with—in fact, I think that’s my hat with the number I was assigned before I had to leave the team. Holy shit. Where the hell did she find one? They only made like 100 of them. And then that shirt with “I’m with the coach” stretched across her beautiful tits. Hell yeah she is. No wait, she isn’t. She can’t be. I shake my head and walk out onto the field.
The little guys all run up to me. “Hey. You guys have done awesome while I was gone. Thanks for keeping up the good work.”
“You’re okay now, right?”
“Yeah, Land. I’m good.”
“Alex told us she thought you were, but she’s been really sad while she watches us play.”
“She’s been coming to practice?”
“Yep. She comes to the games, too, just like she said she would. Some guys tried to talk to her once. I was going to tell them to go away, but she handled it herself. She cries a lot, though, so now everyone leaves her alone.”
Fuck. I don’t want her crying. And I definitely don’t want some assholes hitting on her. I look back to the stands where I meet her eyes. She gives me a smile that lights up her face and melts my heart. I want to run to her, but then I remember all the ugliness I brought to her life. I can’t do that to her again. And I know my father won’t ever stop trying to destroy me. I turn back to the kids and get on with practice.
* * *
Alex
I almost had him the other day at baseball practice. He started to smile at me, but then his walls came back down around him. I’m hoping I can chip away at that armor he’s hiding behind. This isn’t my final surprise, but I think it’s a good start. I’m really nervous, but I’m also desperate for Miles to see how much I love him.
The announcer welcomes everyone to Cashman Field for the championship and then starts talking about me. “We have a special guest tonight who is going to get things started by singing the National Anthem. Please welcome Alex Roberts.”
I hear clapping as I walk out. I look for Miles and see that his eyes are wide. They should be. I’m wearing his jersey, as well as his hat tonight. When he was supposed to be playing in the Major Leagues, I immediately bought everything with his name and number on it. Several of each, actually. I hadn’t worn anything until now, but it really is time for me to pull out all the stops.
I walk up to the microphone and sing my heart out. I have one of those rare performances where everything goes right. I hit every note and stay in tune. I had some help from above tonight, so as I finish singing, I close my eyes and thank God and my parents for it.
I look to Miles once more before I walk off the field to my seat. The game is a nail biter, but the guys end up losing by two runs. I know they’re upset, so I go down to hug them all. I’ve come to love these kids the last few weeks. Their parents and the other coach all thank me for coming, but Miles is still ignoring me. I only have a couple more tricks up my sleeve, and if they don’t work I’ll have to give up. I just hope one of them does the trick.
* * *
Miles
I’ve managed to keep myself in control through all of Alex’s surprises. The cranes, the taffy from Disneyland that I love, the singing last week, the packs of card games that we used to play, and even my baseball gear. Tonight may be too much, though. She’s throwing a party for the kids and their families. At our condo. Well, her condo now. But still.
I can’t go there alone, so I picked up a chick at the casino to take along. She’s been trying to kiss me all the way up the elevator, even though I told her tonight was hands off. I just need her with me to get Alex to back off. She doesn’t know how bad I am for her. If she did, she’d back off on her own. I can’t tell her what my dad did, so this will have to do.
I don’t have a key anymore, so I ring the doorbell. Scott Griffin answers and his jaw clenches when he sees that I’m not alone.
“Fuck no. You’re not coming in here with her.”
“What’s wrong, Uncle Scott?”
Alex comes into view, and I lose the ability to speak for a moment. She’s got on an off the shoulder turquoise dress that goes just past her knees. There’s an opening right across her chest, and the fabric is doing some gathering thing on one side. She has on sexy black heels with swirls and sheer panels, and her hair is up in a messy bun with loose curls in front.
She’s smiling until she sees my date and I. A visible shudder wracks her body and her green eyes flash as she steps up next to her uncle.
“What else could I have done, Miles? What wasn’t good enough?”
“What are you talking about?”
“I’ve spent the past two weeks trying everything I could think of to show you how much I love you and how special you are. Obviously I was lacking since you’re bringing another woman into our home. Just know that this is it. I’m done. If she comes through the door we will never be together again. I mean it.”
“If you knew…things…you wouldn’t want to be with me.”
“I know everything, Miles. Everything. I have since before the cranes.”
“No. You can’t…”
When I look past her to where my mom and Matt are, they both nod. Oh my God. She does know. And she doesn’t hate me. Well, actually right now I think she might. She shakes her head at me as tears well up in her eyes and then turns to walk away.
Scott goes with her, leaving me with my date. She starts to walk in, but I put my arm out to stop her. There’s no way I’m letting her walk through this door.
“I’ll give you some money for a cab. They’ll call for you downstairs.”
“Are you kidding me? You promised me a party.”
“And now I’m telling you to leave.”
She starts to protest again, but Matt steps forward and throws her over his shoulder. “I got this little brother. Go try to win your woman back. She’s sure as hell done more than her part.”
Yeah, she has. I thank him and walk towards the living room. Landon stops me before I get to the door. “She’s not in there.”
“Where is she, buddy?”
“You’re a jerk. She wore your jersey and your hat, but you don’t care.”
“I do care.”
“Then why did you make her cry again?”
“Because I was scared of her love.”
“Are you going to be nice to her now?” I can’t help but smile at the protectiveness in his tone.
“Yes. I promise.”
“She ran upstairs.”
“Thanks.”
I run up the stairs and burst into our bedroom. She’s not there. I look around and notice she hasn’t been sleeping in here. I walk out, trying to figure out what room she might be in. I honestly have no clue since we’d only lived here for a day before everything went to shit.
I walk into the hall and start with the nearest door. It’s when I open the third door that I hear her sobbing. My heart sinks as I step inside and see her curled up on the bed. “Don’t cry, Xandy. I’m so sorry.”
“Where’s your date?”
“Gone. She never set one foot inside. I swear.”
“Why not? She was practically on top of you. You could’ve had her in our bed.”
“I only want you in our bed. Or anywhere else. I wasn’t going to sleep with her. I just needed for you to stop. It’s been getting harder to resist you, and I knew I couldn’t have you.”
“Because of your father?” I look down at my hands and nod. “He did those things, Miles. To hurt both of us. Does it suck? Yeah, big time. But you brought the sunshine back to my life.”
“You sang in public.”
“For you.”
“What if he comes after you again? I wouldn’t survive seeing you hurt again.”
“Your grandmother has made sure that he can’t come after either of us. Even if he could, would you rather us be alone?”
“I couldn’t protect you.”
“With Nick? You weren’t my boyfriend then. We weren’t even friends at that time. And if you mean when those guys surprised us in my apartment, well I may have to punch you myself. There were three of them, plus Nick.”
“That guy touched you. And kissed you.”
“Yeah and I won’t lie, it was disgusting. But I could survive anything if I knew you were there on the other side.”
“I don’t want to be weak.”
“You’re not. You were betrayed and hurt by someone who should’ve been protecting you. No one expects you to get past that overnight. We all want to help you. Let me be there for you.”
“I-I want to kiss you.”
She smiles as she gets up and walks to me. “Please do, King.”
I pull her close and brush my lips across hers softly. We kiss like that for several minutes, just little brushes of our lips. I really want to carry her down the hall to our bed and do things to make her scream my name, but I know it’s too soon. And there’s a party going on downstairs.
I groan. “I don’t want to stop, but we should get back to the party.”
“We should. After?”
“I’ll stay here, but I’m sleeping on the couch.”
“You don’t want me?”
“You know better than that. You’ve just been pressed against me. But I need to earn my way back into our bed. I’ve been an ass.”
“I couldn’t sleep in there while you were gone. And when I was an ass, you still made love to me.”
“I could tell that you weren’t sleeping in there. I have to admit I like the fact that you aren’t in there without me, but I meant what I said. What you did was miniscule compared to how I’ve been acting. Let’s go down to the party. But don’t worry; I’ll make you come before sleeping on the couch.”
“If you’re playing that way, I’m making you come, too. And don’t even try to argue. I miss the taste of you.”
* * *
Alex
The party went really well. The kids were all happy to hang out in the game room, while the parents said they were having fun getting dressed up. Miles didn’t leave my side, except for when he was playing air hockey or in our indoor batting cage. His jacket and tie came off hours ago. With his top two buttons open and sleeves rolled up, it’s been hard not to jump all over him.
“I’m the last one,” Faith winks at me. “You can finally be alone with your man.”
“Thank you so much for overseeing the food. It was amazing.”
“Anytime, Alex.”
I close the door behind her and start to turn around. Miles comes out of nowhere and presses me back into the wood. He runs a finger along the cutout of my dress above the swell of my breasts.
“This has been making me crazy all night. I wanted to lick inside this opening so bad.”
“So do it now.”
“That’s not where you want me to lick you, baby.”
“You know the deal. I told you, I’m not coming alone.”
He removes his fingers and steps back. It takes everything in me not to whimper at the loss. “You sure about that?”
No. “Yes.”
“We should probably go to bed, then. Extra blankets and stuff are in the upstairs hall closet?”
“Yes. But we have guest bedrooms. One of which is pink. You shouldn’t be sleeping on the couch.”
“I’m hoping to do very dirty things to you in the pink room. Just not tonight.”
I’m going to have to pull the card I didn’t want to. It’s for his own good, though. “You’ve only been out of the hospital for a few weeks. Please don’t twist yourself up on the couch.”
“Fine,” he tells me through a clenched jaw. I knew I’d piss him off, but having him comfortable is more important right now. “I’ll see you in the morning.”
I watch him walk upstairs without giving me even a small goodnight kiss. I was close to having him completely. There’s one last thing. I’ve saved the best for last, and I hope it’s enough. We’ll see in the morning.
* * *
Miles
I can’t sleep. Not with Alex in one of the other rooms. I almost gave in to her, but I really want her to see that what we have is more than sex. One night won’t kill me. At least I hope not.
I decide to go do some work in the home office I’d set up here. Getting a jump on Monday seems like a good idea. I make my feet keep walking as I pass the guest room that Alex is sleeping in. I open my office door and freeze. It’s not how I left it. Baseball memorabilia is all over the walls, including my jersey and baseball card. I notice an album on my desk and walk over to it.
I lift the cover and when I read the inscription, I have to drop down into the chair since my legs won’t hold me anymore.
Miles,
This is the last thing you’ll get from me if you still say you don’t want me. I don’t know what else I can do to convince you that I love you, or that you deserve to be loved, if this doesn’t work. I know these were the most important things to you when you were 17. Your father took them to hurt you, and now I’m giving them back to show you that he can’t hurt either one of us ever again.
I love you,
Alex
My hand is shaky as I turn the pages. They’re all here. All the baseball cards I collected. The rare ones were gifts from my mom, but the others I bought with the money I earned doing any odd job possible. My dad took them the first time I stood up for my mom. The same day Alex saw me with the black eye. And she remembered. I don’t know how she got these, but I need her. Now.
I practically run to the room she’s in, and again, I’m stopped in my tracks just by opening a door. Alex kicked off her covers sometime in the night and is stretched out on the bed. In one of my jerseys. From what I can see, that’s all she has on, and I almost come right then and there.
Instead, I walk over to the bed and pick her up. She stirs and whispers my name, clutching my shoulders as I carry her into our bedroom and place her inside those curtains we both love. She reaches for me, but I hold her arms down. Not hurting her, but letting her know this is my show.
“I saw the album, Xandy.”
“You did?”
“Yes. And while I didn’t know you have a cat burglar for a friend, I’m beyond grateful right now.”
“I can play, too?”
“Maybe.”
“But Miles, I told you what I want.”
“I know. And my main goal in life is to give you what you want. Most of the time. Right now, I need to be in control.” I see her eyes widen, which is not what I want at all. “I won’t hurt you in any way. I promise. But I need you to listen to me, to let me dominate you this time. It’s my nature, Alex. I’ve let you be in control before because I knew you had to take that back for yourself. If we’re going to be together, though, I need to be myself. ”
“Okay. I trust you.”
“You didn’t hesitate.”
“Of course not. I love you, Miles. If you need to boss me around, then do it.”
I kiss her sweetly and then go into her closet for some scarves. I tie one to each of the metal bedposts at the top of the bed. “I want you to hold onto these for me. Okay?”
“Just hold them?”
“Yes, but don’t let go unless I give you permission.”
She nods and gets another sweet kiss from me as she grabs the ends of the scarves. I have to reward her for being such a good girl.
Next, I unbutton the bottom of the jersey. Just a couple buttons, so I can push the fabric aside and see her pretty pussy. It’s glistening for me, already. I smirk up at her as she bites her lip. “I like this.”
I run a finger across her slit, which causes her to arch her back and moan. “You love it. Tell me.”
“I love having you tell me what to do…in bed.”
I laugh, because I know she means it. Outside of this bed, I’d be slapped for trying to tell her what to do. I spread her legs wide and bend over for a quick taste. Oh yeah, this is going to be fun.
“What do you want, Xandy?”
“You. I want you.”
“Be more specific. What do you want right now?” I ask as I give her another lick.
“Your mouth. Please, your mouth. And tongue. Please.”
“Well, since you asked so nicely…”
I situate myself between her spread legs and get started. I lick into her opening, putting my tongue in as far as it can go. She’s bucking off the bed, and I haven’t even gotten to her clit yet. I play for a few moments as she moans my name, and a few four letter words, before moving to where she really wants me.
I circle the swollen bud with my tongue, before sucking it into my mouth. I also move my fingers to the front. I let them play with the opening, but don’t put them in. Yet.
“Miles, please.”
“What, baby?”
“Your fingers. Please.”
“Do you want them in you?”
“Yes. Please.”
I push two in as I go back to her clit. She lets go of the scarves to touch my hair. I immediately still my movements. She understands and her hands are gone within seconds. It only takes a few more strokes before she’s coming hard. I don’t stop, letting her build back up into one more orgasm before I withdraw my fingers and mouth. I sit up on my knees and look her in the eye as I lick my fingers.
“You’re being such a good girl, Alex.”
“I’m trying.”
“I know. That’s why you were rewarded.”
I push my briefs down, letting my cock spring free. I grip it in one hand and start slowly stroking it. She looks down and licks her lips. “Miles.”
“You jealous of my hand?”
“Yes.”
“You want to suck me off?”
“Yes, please.”
“Let go of the scarves and move to the side.”
She does, and I lie back on the pillows in the middle of the bed next to her. She reaches out for me, but I lightly push her hands away.
“Sorry.”
I stop what I’m doing and look her in the eye. “Never apologize for anything in this bed. Even if you’re saying ‘no’ to something. I’m not done being in control yet, but I never want to hear you apologize. Especially if it’s for wanting me.”
“Okay. King.” She smiles at me, and I smile back.
“It’s yours. You can use your hands right now. But only for this.”
She moves over me and takes me in her mouth. There’s no sweet licking or sucking. I’m going deep as she plays hard. It only takes her squeezing my balls once to make me come. I almost black out, it’s so good.
I feel her let go of me, but she doesn’t come lie next to me like I expected. I open my eyes to see her still kneeling between my legs; her hands are behind her back.
“Are you okay, Xandy?”
“Yes. I’m just waiting for my next instructions.”
I didn’t think I could love her more, but she just proved me wrong. “Come here.”
I pull her into my arms and hold her tight. She runs her nails over my chest as I kiss her, over and over again. I whisper thank-you, along with some dirty things, as she scratches me lightly.
“What else do you need?”
“Just you. Thank you for that.”
I’m hard again already, of course. There’s no down time with her. I shift us, so that I’m over her, and enter her slowly. We both moan as I fit perfectly inside of her.
“We can be like that any time you need it, but I’m not calling you ‘Sir.’ I mean it.”
“Duly noted. ‘King’ is more than good enough.”
“Yes, you are.”
I see all the love I feel for her reflected back at me in her eyes. I don’t know why I ever tried to walk away. I’m not going to be that stupid again. I move a little faster because I want us both to come again. Then we can talk.
* * *
Alex
I want to stay in bed, but Miles has other plans. “Let’s talk before I lose the little bit of control I currently have and ravish you again.”
“I think I want Option B.”
“Talk first. Then ravaging.”
“Fine.”
I start to get off the bed, but he stops me. “Where did you get the jersey? And the hat?”
I look away as I answer. “I bought it all the day it went on sale. I have a bunch of jerseys, t-shirts, hats, key chains. Anything with your name and number on it, I have it.”
“Why?”
“I was so proud of you. Even if you didn’t want to see me, to be my friend ever again, I was going to support you. I-I was there when you played your one game.”
“You were?”
“Yeah. I waited outside to see you, but you were…umm…occupied.”
“Fuck. I’m so sorry, Alex. If I’d seen you, I…well, I don’t know what I would’ve done, but I know I would’ve been so happy. Even if I didn’t show it.”
He turns me around to face him. We’re both on our knees as he looks into my eyes. “I love you, Miles.
“I love you, too. You were wrong about something you wrote in the baseball card album. Those cards weren’t the most important thing to me, then or now. You are. I’m going to show you that for the rest of my life if you’ll let me.”
“Are you asking me to marry you?”
“Would you say yes? Even after everything?”
“Yes. I would.”
“I’ll remember that for when I do ask you. Today’s not the day—although, I hope you know that I’m committed to you in every way possible. I’m yours.”
“I’m yours too, King. I think that’s enough talking for now. Show me your crown.”
He laughs, but things turn serious rather quickly. We spend the rest of the day, and night, showing each other our love.
* * *
Miles
Alex and I have been back together for a month now. Things couldn’t be going any better. I love waking up to her every morning and falling asleep with her in my arms at night. Actually, passing out at night is probably a more accurate way to describe it. We still can’t get enough of each other. She lets me be in control most nights, but I let her boss me around from time to time.
The times away from the bedroom are great, too. We watch movies, go to restaurants and shows, and have taken a few weekend trips to Disneyland. Disney will always be rooted in our history, and we both wanted to keep it in our present as well.
Today, I’m headed to the foundation for a meeting with my gram. She scheduled it with my secretary. Yes, I have the same one. She’s grown on me, especially since she seems to really like Alex. I don’t know what the meeting’s about, but I’ll get an extra few minutes with my girl, so it’s all good.
I walk into the foundation lobby and Alex smiles at me before getting up from her seat. “Are you ready for the meeting?”
“I guess so. It’s just with Gram.”
“I’ll be there, too.”
“You will?”
“Yeah. Let me just set up my phones, and we’ll head back.”
“Okay. Is this bad? We’re not in trouble for dating, are we?”
“It’s good. I promise. She loves that we’re together.”
That’s a relief. I thought she did, I mean we have dinner with her and Matt once a week, but I was worried that someone had complained. Alex doesn’t work for me, or even the company itself, but you never know.
We walk down the hall, hand in hand. Alex stops at the door to a room I’ve never been in. She smiles at me as she uses a hand scanner and an eye scanner to open the door. I step inside after her and see a room full of people. Everyone is smiling at me. Alex pulls me to the two open seats at the bottom of the star shaped table. I sit next to her and look to my Gram.
“Things aren’t always as they seem, Miles,” she tells me. For the next ten minutes I sit in shock as she tells me what the foundation and girls really do. She explains that I’m only being told because Alex has chosen for me to know. I squeeze her hand and kiss her temple when I hear that. After she speaks, they let me ask questions.
“Wow. That’s just…wow.”
“I wanted you to know for two reasons, Miles,” Alex tells me. “One, you need to know that your father can’t hurt me, or you, again.”
“Is he…umm…dead?”
“No. He’s somewhere remote and can’t leave there.”
“Oh. Umm, cool, I think. Can I ask you something? I’ve been wondering about this for a while.”
“Sure. You know I’ll tell you anything.”
“Who got my baseball cards?”
“That was Darcy.”
I look over to the orange haired pin-up girl. “Thanks.”
“No problem. It was fun.”
“You said there were two reasons?”
“Yeah. We have a ton of connections, obviously. I talked to the owner of the Blaze the other day. We helped him with a little problem he had with one of the people in his headquarters. He would love to have you back for the last couple months of the season, Miles.”
The San Francisco Blaze was the team I’d been signed to before I had to leave and take my place in the company. I loved the team, especially Matt Scanlon and J.T. Sawyer. Not only are they awesome catchers, but really great guys. I’ve kept in touch with the two of them, but I didn’t think I’d ever be pitching to them again. Well, I’ll pitch to Matt. J.T. just got a starting spot with the Padres.
“You’re kidding.”
“No, Miles. You shouldn’t have given up your dream. Now, with your dad out of the picture, you can have it again.”
“You’ll go on the road with me?”
“I can’t. I love this job and what we’re doing too much to just leave it. I’ll come to your weekend games, though.”
“And we’ll get your office stuff covered. The season’s almost over, so you won’t be gone long. You need to do this little brother.”
“Thanks, Matt. I still don’t know about leaving. We’re in such a good place, Xandy. I don’t want to lose you.”
“You won’t. Unless you act like the stupid baseball players who cheat on their girlfriends. Then you would lose me.”
“I would never do that to you. To us.”
“I know. I trust you. Go live your dream. Then come back to me, so I can finish living mine.”
“Ours, you mean. I love baseball and can’t wait to get out on the field, but you’re my dream. I love you.”
“I love you, too.”
Epilogue
Two months later
Miles
I’m so happy to be home. I loved playing professional baseball these last two months, but I love Alex more. Only seeing her a handful of times nearly killed me. That and the hot sex we had over the weekends when she came to visit. I’m surprised I could function well enough to walk onto the field.
I actually did pretty well in the games I played. I only started a few, but it was nice to have Alex, my brother, and Gram there. Quinn and Zane even brought Landon to a game, and he loved it. Especially when he got to meet the other players. It was great hanging out with Matt, and even Trey Gentry, too. Matt’s wife is really great and welcomed Alex into their group right away.
Despite all of that, I turned down the contract that I was offered. Being away made me realize how much everything I left behind means to me. I knew it would be hard to leave Alex, and it was, but I missed so much more. I missed Landon and the rest of the Little League kids, my Gram, Matt, and even the foundation girls. Or Society girls, as they refer to themselves. I also found that I missed my work. I had originally thought that I’d hate being chained to a desk. It didn’t end up feeling that way. I’m good at the job and knowing I bring in money that ends up helping the foundation missions, well, it’s pretty cool.
I got in an hour ago and called Ainsley to have her stall Alex at the office so I could get things ready. Faith made us an awesome dinner while Stella decorated with candles and flowers. I’ve changed into one of my actual jerseys, which I left unbuttoned, and my boxer briefs. I’m milking the sexy jock vibe for all it’s worth. I have no shame. I want to be attacked.
I hear her key in the door and get in position. I’m leaning against the dining room door, looking like it’s just a natural thing for me to welcome her home every night. It will be from now on, but she’s not expecting it tonight. She drops her keys and lets her purse slide from her arm as she takes me in.
“Hi honey, I’m home.”
“Hell yeah, you are.”
“Did you miss me?”
“Maybe.”
“Just maybe? I can work with that. Let’s have dinner.”
“What if I want you for dinner?” she asks as she walks up to me and pushes open the jersey with one hand while sliding her other one inside my briefs.
“Faith cooked and Stella decorated. I wouldn’t want them to have wasted their time,” I tell her as I involuntarily start to thrust into her hand.
She takes her hands off of me and walks into the dining room. “Okay let’s eat.” Damn. Maybe she didn’t miss me.
I’m surprised even more when she takes a seat next to me instead of across the table. She lifts an asparagus spear off the plate in front of her and takes a bite. Then she drops it down the front of her dress. “Oops. Can you get that for me, King?”
Oh yeah. She missed me, and now we’re going to play. I retrieve it, along with everything else she accidentally drops down her top, or between her legs. I finally throw her onto the table, and eat her for dinner. It’s good to be home.
Acknowledgements
As always, I need to thank my girls first. Dominique and Gabi, you are the best daughters a mother could have, and I love you both more than words.
A big shout out and thank you to Alison Packard, who let me borrow her fictional baseball team and players for Miles. If you haven’t read her books, you should-I LOVE them and her!
Thanks to Tera Lynn Childs for making me finish book one when I just wanted to stop and read it. If it wasn’t for you, I wouldn’t have sent any of the books into the world. Your friendship means more to me than anything, and your dedication inspires me every day.
To all my friends in the Books…We Love Books book club, I love you all. Thanks for being such great friends.
Lots of people helped me with all the books. Authors, friends, readers, and co-workers have supported me through every step of my journey. I’ve thanked you all in one book or another. I just want you to know that I appreciate everything you’ve done to support me.
I can never thank Helen Williams enough for my book covers. We are so in synch (although she likes pastels, and I like bold colors). I want to write more books just to have her make me more covers!
Jesse Gordon has formatted all the books in the series, and I can’t say enough good things about him. Thank you for everything.
This may be the last official book in The Griffin Brothers series (or not), but you’ll see them all in Corrigan & Co. You’ve met some of the girls already in this book, and I can’t wait for you to see them in action!
Thanks again to the readers. I hope you’ll keep reaching out to my on Facebook, Goodreads, and email. I love to hear from you!
Turn the page for a peek at Fielding Her Secret, the first book in the Corrigan & Co. series. It will be released on January 12, 2015.
There will be ten books total in the series which combines Charlie’s Angels with a secret society of women. Watch for the Griffins to pop up from time to time!
Publicly, The Corrigan & Co. Foundation has been supporting women for years. Secretly, five powerful women led by Jane Corrigan have recruited ten agents, sending them to rescue women and children in need, and take down those who exploit the weak. This secret society of women all have unique skills they’ve brought to the foundation. Additionally, they’ve all had training in weapons, etiquette, martial arts, technology and languages. Helping out friends and family of their five mentors from time to time is something they were told to expect. What they didn’t plan for is falling in love.
Chapter 1
Ainsley
I just got called into the conference room. I know what this means—I’m being assigned to a mission. I’ve done a few over the past four years, but not as many as the other women. My expertise is computers, so I usually just support everyone else while working in my office downstairs, and overseeing my team. I’m not girly or glamorous at all, which limits what I can do on the outside.
As I head upstairs in the elevator, I think about how I ended up here at Corrigan & Company. I was a tomboy growing up. I have four older brothers and I followed them everywhere and wanted to do everything they did. So I played every sport imaginable, asking for Legos and video games instead of Barbies and dresses for my birthdays. I took the dance classes my mom wanted me to, but only because I love her and I know it was hard for her to see her little girl wanting to be a boy.
When I got to junior high, I started noticing boys instead of just wanting to beat them on a sports field. It was too late, though. I was just Ainsley, the person picked first for sports teams and the last person any of them would ever think of asking out. I dealt with the disappointment at never being kissed or asked out by getting lost in my video games, which lead to me taking a kids programming class at a local center. I was apparently good at it, because they offered me the chance to take the college level classes the next session. I fell in love with programming and coding and that’s all I wanted to do.
My parents supported me, although I know they were worried about my not having a social life. I still played sports, but I never hung out with anyone from the teams—male or female—because when you get to a certain age, if you’re not trying to be a girl off the field, you just don’t fit in. At least not in my schools. So I kept to myself, wearing glasses to hide my pain, and baggy clothes to hide my developing curves. I got a scholarship to one of the Chicago universities and was soon tutoring other students. I still kept to myself, but it was okay then. I was accepted because being smart was cool, especially when the hottest guy on campus was a computer nerd as well.
Scott Griffin is the human equivalent of a Greek god. If the god was covered in tattoos and a couple of piercings. Every girl on campus wanted him. I wanted him. His bed was occupied by almost every woman on campus. Not me, of course. To him, I was just another person who could code. It was just like when I was younger, only now I was just one of the computer guys instead of the sports ones. Scott was always nice to me, and I got the respect that the other girls on campus didn’t get from him, so I guess that’s something.
It was Scott who brought me here. He asked me to meet him downtown at the C&C Chicago headquarters a couple of weeks before graduation. I’d heard of the company, but I wasn’t sure what I was doing there. They don’t specialize in computers. I went because, well, he is Scott Griffin, and I wasn’t going to say no.
Scott introduced to me to his mom, Maggie, and her friend, Jane Corrigan. They talked to me in the C&C Foundation offices. Jane is in charge of the foundation, which focuses on helping women. They help people put their lives back together after they suffer something traumatic or survive domestic violence. I soon learned that they also help in the rescue of many of those women.
They didn’t tell me that at first, of course. They talked to me about my work and told me they knew I had a good job lined up. I listened as they described the foundation and told me they’d like me to work there instead. Scott said he thought I’d be a great fit for the company. I said I’d think about it, and I did. I weighed the pros and cons and decided that I wanted to make a difference and not just hide behind a computer screen. Little did I know how much of a difference I’d really be making.
Scott met me again at the foundation offices. This time, there were three other women besides Maggie and Jane in the conference room. I was introduced to Cyndi Evans, Mallory Daniels, and Helen Wilson. I’d seen pictures of all the women at events around town, but I wasn’t sure what they were doing here. Jane started by telling me how glad they were to have me working for the foundation. She then asked me to sign a simple document, which stated that everything I was about to be told was confidential and that I had to pay ten million dollars to the foundation if I disclosed anything that went on there. It was a little weird to be doing that for a job at a foundation, but I signed. I can keep a secret.
It was then that I found out what the foundation really does. Ten years ago, Jane and Cyndi decided to do something more than just be socialites. They saw Maggie at functions frequently, although they didn’t fit in as much as it looked like they did. They’d gravitated to each other as women who weren’t just looking for good husbands. They wanted to make a difference and Maggie suggested bringing her friends, Helen and Mallory, on as well.
Jane convinced her husband, one of the richest men in the world, to start a foundation for her. He agreed to give a significant amount of the profits from his company every year to help women in need. Jane and her friends agreed that they needed to actually assist in getting women out of bad situations and not just help them afterwards. The first women who worked for them were policewomen and military women who were tired of dealing with the discrimination they had to face in their jobs. They had the skill set to help rescue people and the secret part of the foundation was started.
Over the years, they’ve expanded and we now always have ten women who take part in missions. Each founding woman has two recruits working at any time. We’re paid well and can leave whenever we want. Not all of us have a police or military background. We have a language expert, fashion stylist and even a former professional chef on the team. Every one of us had something that one of the five women, or in my case their son, saw in me and decided to cultivate. Scott actually helped recruit me for Jane, who knew she’d need someone to oversee the computer systems daily.
No matter what we specialize in, all of us are given weapons and martial arts training as well as computers, languages, hair and makeup and etiquette. It is over a year of training before they even think about putting you in charge of a team. The instructors are current and former team members and I don’t think any company or government anywhere could rival the expertise we are given. I did well at languages, weapons, and martial arts. Not surprisingly, I barely passed the girly lessons. I did pass, though, because you can’t be here if you fail any of them.
So now I work behind the scenes on many missions, offering computer support which includes hacking into security systems and banking sites. It’s not as glamorous as some of the missions the other women go on, but I know I’m making a difference. I can’t even begin to count the number of women we’ve saved. We cover it all from domestic violence to human trafficking. We mostly find leads from trusted law enforcement contacts or even from watching the news. We can’t save everyone, but we do our best.
One of the most important things I’ve gotten from the foundation is friends. You can’t go through the training and missions without becoming tight with the other women. I even let them dress me up and take me out to bars and clubs sometimes. Since meeting them, I’ve had my first kiss and my first sexual experience—neither was very exciting, but at least I won’t die a spinster. They’ve brought me out of my shell and I would do anything for any of them.
I get off the elevator and walk into the conference room, expecting to just see people from our team. I’m not expecting to see Lindsey Rivers, the wife of the owner of the Las Vegas Legions football team, sitting at the table. We take on private jobs occasionally that don’t have to do with women’s issues. Usually it’s for a friend of one of the women or a referral from someone we’ve helped before. We obviously keep “The Society” as we jokingly call it, secret. The agents can tell one family member if we want—I told my mom—and if we get married, or are close to that point, we can reveal ourselves to the man, or woman, we’re involved with once we get permission. The founders can tell the females in their family and one male relative. That’s how Scott helped recruit me. He knows, and actually created the software we currently use. I don’t know where Mrs. Rivers fits in, but as a football junkie, I’m more than a little excited.
“Thank you for joining us, Ainsley,” Jane says with a smile. I know she knows I’m freaking out since I told her last week that I can’t wait for the regular season and that I have season tickets.
“You can sit down,” Reina tells me with a chuckle. She’s the most senior of all of us, and pretty much runs things. Jane’s still the one in charge, but Reins is her second in command and has authority over everything.
“Oh yeah.” I go to sit next to Stella, who is looking like she just walked off a runway. She was a fashion major when she was recruited and she sighs as she takes in my baggy sweatshirt and jeans.
“Ladies, this is Lindsey Rivers. We helped one of her friends several years ago and she needs our help now. The other women and I have agreed to take on her case. There is someone who is trying to sabotage the football team her husband owns. They’re going to have their first regular season home game in six weeks. This is important to Las Vegas as well as Lindsey and her husband. The city has been trying to get a professional sports team for years. My husband wanted a team for his hometown and was instrumental in the creation of the Legions before he passed away.” Jane pauses for a moment to collect herself. “Lindsey, can you let us know what’s been going on and where you think we can get someone in under cover?”
“Yes. Of course. Thank you again for agreeing to help. Over the past two months, things have been happening that I can longer brush off as coincidences. There have been damaged cleats, medicines switched out, parts of our playbook ending up in the hands of other teams, and then this week, a rack of equipment was pushed at one of our running backs, Zack Taylor. He managed to jump out of the way, but it was close.”
Zack Taylor almost got crushed? That would have been devastating for the team. And him of course. Plus, the few women in the city he hasn’t slept with would have missed out on that hot body of his. I’m lost in thoughts of his dark hair and sexy eyes and almost miss the rest of the conversation.
“Yes. There’s seems to be too much going on for it to be a coincidence,” Reina says.
“I need your help and I think the easiest way is to have someone date a player. I was thinking of Kevin Donaldson. He’s our quarterback and a complete sweetheart. I think if I told him I had a nice woman for him to meet, he’d take her out. Once they were dating, she’d have access to the players and staff. It has to be someone on the inside doing these things.”
“We’re not a dating service, Mrs. Rivers, but I think your idea has merit. Are you okay with that, Ainsley?”
“Me?”
“Yes, you. You know more about football than most men. You’re the perfect choice.”
I look at Jane and then to Lindsey Rivers. She looks a little horrified at the thought of it being me. I can understand why. I’m not exactly looking like someone a quarterback would date. Now I know why Stella’s here. She’s going to transform me. The thought scares me, but excites me at the same time. I’ll never admit it out loud, but I kind of liked it when I let the other women dress me up to go out. I felt powerful when I saw guys actually looking at me as something more than a teammate. A mission that involves football and being a girl—yeah, I’m totally into this one.
“I’d love to help.” I turn to Mrs. Rivers. “I know how to be a girl when I have to. You don’t need to worry. Stella will get me all set with clothes and things.”
“I will. She’s a knockout when we get her into real clothes.”
“I’m not worried,” she tells me with a smile. I cock an eyebrow at her and she laughs. “Okay, well maybe I was a little worried. I trust Jane, though. If she thinks you’re the right choice, then so do I.”
We go over a few more details and agree that I’ll be introduced as the daughter of one of her college friends who just moved to town and is looking for a job. Lindsey—as she asked me to call her—tells me that she’d like me to attend a cocktail party at her home on Friday to meet everyone and get things started. I’ll have two days to transform into a socialite. I hope it’s enough time.
I spend the rest of the day doing profiles on all the players and staff. I know who they are since I’m a fan, but this is the more in-depth stuff. I’m looking for a reason that one of them would want to sabotage the team. Nothing jumps out at me right away and I plan on taking everything home with me to continue working.
Stella has other plans. She brings our friend Darcy to my office, and the two of them insist on taking me shopping. I balk a little, but I know it’s necessary and I do want to go. I just can’t give up my tomboy image, even in front of my friends. I let them take me to the mall and I end up with some very fancy and very sexy dresses. I insisted on some jeans and casual clothes, because I can’t always be dressed up, especially if I attend pre-season games. They relented, although the casual clothes are all designer as well.
I fall asleep thinking about which dress I’ll wear. I can’t remember ever doing that before in my life. Of course, I‘ve never gone to a party with Zack Taylor before. I know he’s way out of my league and I’ve got to date Kevin Donaldson. That doesn’t stop me from dreaming of the man with dark hair and eyes once I close my eyes.
About the Author
Crystal Perkins has always been a big reader, but she never thought she would write her own book, until she did. She lives in Las Vegas, where you can find her running author events and selling books at conventions when she isn’t reading, buying too many Sherlock t-shirts online or finding a place to put all of her Pop! figurines. A mac and cheese connoisseur, she travels the country looking for the perfect version, while attending book conventions and signings as a cover for her research. The Griffin Brothers series are all International Best Sellers, and she’s thankful to all the readers who made that happen!
Find her here:
crystalperkinsauthor.com
facebook.com/crystalperkinsauthor
@wondermomlv
crystal@crystalperkinsauthor.com
