WORN
Book 1 of the Worn Series by
Bridget Ratidzo
Copyright© 2021Bridget Ratidzo. All rights reserved.
Smashwords Edition



This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents are the product of the author’s imagination, and are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events, locales or persons, living or dead, is coincidental.
Smashwords Edition
Dedication
For all those who believe in love at first sight and those of us who also believe that love is capable of redeeming.


Table of Contents
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve









Chapter One


I gulp in a considerable amount of air, just to maintain my sanity. It never occurred to me until this very moment that it took so much work to be sane. And these are some of the things that go unnoticed. Yes the blessings of life we all have and are oblivious to their blessed existence. Or it is just me at the verge of my regular anxiety attacks. Okay maybe not an actual anxiety attack—but what do I call my heart soaring off the ritcher scale and my hands slightly shaking just because I am looking at the three story building. The building looms before me and seems to grow bigger as I approach. Even its blue and magnolia coat of paint and professional flower hedges that surround it dims its foreboding appeal to me.
I inhale deeply again. So this is a popular well known self-helping therapy to calm down nerves. Its circular medicine- it should work. Close your eyes, breathe in and out repeatedly for about—is it five minutes? – Then open your eyes and face the giant. Or to be more precise a giant monster building I am going to be slaving away all year.
Ugh! This is ridiculous- I of all people don’t need anyone to tell me that circular health advices never worked. I fixed my tote bag on my shoulder and pushed my glasses over the bridge of my nose. No I don’t have an eye problem, but the fake black rimmed eye glasses are part of my new look. And that is nothing fancy.
I can do this- nothing is ever going to change if I stand here looking like I am about to run for the hills. I look at myself in my mind and I consider that as my wild mind. I should run for the hills!
I force my feet forward, nerves wretch in the pit of my stomach like spades of hell as I stride towards the campus. The college banner comes to my eye sight and my stomach turns even harder.
The gates almost make me cringe as I approach them. It makes it all a reality and I hate reality. 
The campus isn’t small or big it’s just average for a place that costs nine thousand pula per semester. 
‘Here goes nothing!’ I mutter under my breath and I force myself forward. It shouldn’t be that hard.
A small group of students or teachers are by the entrance, I can’t be sure—they all look grown up and are dressed like professionals. I keep my head down as I march past them and their lively conversation. It’s Monday, so I guess they are talking about the weekend. Some normal people have exciting stories from the weekend and some of us come from it running like a bat out of hell.
Crowds make me nervous, or just people in particular and I also have a new life mission to be invisible to go with my new look.
It all came down to this after my whole life turned upside down and I stayed two years trying to figure out exactly what happened. It was father who finally decided that I had figured it out for long enough and it was time to go on with my life.
I don’t even want to know how he pulled off getting me enrolled into college in the first place to finish a degree program I started two years ago—
Whatever he did, is the reason why I am here right now looking for the HOD’s office.
I manage to walk past the buoyant group and I am inside the building, feeling a little double headed as I walk down the corridor with my papers in hand. A few people cast glances at me in the hallway and I make sure not to meet anyone’s eyes. I feel like it’s written all over my face; where I am coming from.
Pastor Luke said we should all learn to control our thoughts and how we perceived things. I recall the Sunday sermon. Good point, but I don’t see how that helps someone like me. Not that anyone over there would know
The Church had a huge congregation, a kind of crowd I could easily disappear in and never be known. But the man had some weird habit of recognizing anyone in that church. Nowhere to hide there
But I could hide here. No one to look at me. No one to see my existence and no one to know of my presence.
This is my new life mission. To be invisible. Because I have concluded that the ultimate conclusion to having seen one of life’s most rare horrors is to become invisible among mankind. That’s a unique trait at least.
And I do almost manage to remain unnoticed most of the time in my life. Even at home. I simply know how to become the background. You know the back ground that fades when one is admiring the real object of a painting, yes that’s me. The fading back ground.
My family is big. I have one sibling, my older brother who I’m still trying to figure out if he is really a child in the house or another parent. He is so bossy and domineering like father. But its father’s nature to be domineering, he is just playing his role—what of brother? Maybe he is just learning how to become father when the time comes and I would gladly say woe betide any poor soul that’s going to find itself under the life learned comradeship.
My aunt lives with us as well with my uncle; her husband. They have four sons, same age as brother. That makes the house full and very much alive. Uncle and father never get along. The tension is always there in the house. They both had this alpha male thing going on for both of them and some brother love-hate relationship that cannot be healthy for any human being who is nearby.
Thankfully, aunt and mother never quarrel. But it’s not like the opposite sex have got any say in that house
Seriously who agreed to the painful living arrangement? They’ve been arguing and been at each other’s throat for years. The solution is simple—each family should live on their own. Why can’t anyone see things from my point of view?
I find myself in front of the HOD’s office. I take a deep breath. Oh boy I am so nervous. What is the need? This is a business transaction. I give them money, they educate me. It’s a win/win. No one holds the authority there.
‘Come in.’ a muffled female voice calls from inside. I want to groan. The HOD is a woman. Just great. I glance at my clothes one last time.
Jeans, sandals and an oversized t-shirt I found on a sale the other day. Perfect not-drawing attention look. My just recently relaxed hair is in a bun. Perfect
I push the door open and I step inside. Typical small college institution office complete with shelves of large dated files and a stern faced light skinned woman behind a medium sized desk wither sharp gaze on her computer screen.
I read her name on the name tag by the desk, even her name is intimidating
Crap! She is the exact type of person I try to avoid any time of day. Her head is cut short and she is elderly as well.
She fell into the category I know so well. No I am not stereotyping anyone here. But it wouldn’t be wrong of me if certain people looked alike and behaved the same way and I simply place them in a certain cliché for easy identification and future reference of “people I must avoid 101”
‘Good morning.’ I stammer.
Her gaze makes me feel like shrinking, ‘may I help you?’
I hand her my student form and wait as she runs her eyes on it and a familiar distaste comes on her features.
Yeah apparently Zimbabweans and Batswana got off on the wrong foot somewhere in history and now this. And it didn’t help that they all thought that if a person is light skinned or good looking he/she cannot be a foreigner. It’s a circular psychological law.
‘You know everything you need?’
I answer her with a jerky nod and a tight smile which is not returned.
‘Good then enjoy your schooling here.’
‘Thank you!’ I mumble, glad to finally escape from the office. 
I march down the hall to my first class. The classroom is just as I expect. I find a desk at the back of the class and I occupy it making sure I have a don’t-disturb-me expression. It’s all part of my new life mission.
Invisible, invisible, invisible.
Mission accomplished! Wild mind does a happy dance because days go in a blur and I have managed to disappear in the crowd. My life has picked up a routine again, something normal after two years. Not that people are not aware of my existence but I guess I just learned the secret art of diverting the attention of humans away from me.
All I have to do is get good grades, not get into trouble and this will all be over. Not that I had any idea what I was doing or rather why I was doing it. Why am I studying what I’m studying? Those are hard questions for me. I feel so hollow and gone deep down inside I feel as though my life has lost substance.
If feels like I died and returned as a new person altogether. Like some transformation took place—the memory come to me is slides. Camp fire, river, screams, the jail cell door being shut before my teary eyes. And lastly that devilish grin and wild cruel eyes flashing at me. Yeah I died and I’m not sure who this me is right now
But I guess if you are still breathing, you have to just keep on living. Why do I even still feel anything at all? I shake away the gory thoughts from my head as I march towards the school gates.
Man those gates never cease to spook me. I feel a relief as I finally walk past them. I take out my phone and headsets. Soon music is blasting in my ears as I decrease my pace to a stroll past the lot.
I have to endure this, just—how many months till I graduate? Or I will be sent to the village and my aunt who is my same age will come and take my place. That was the threat Father used to get me out of my phase.
I am not an uptown girl but being dumped in that village my whole life was not very flowery. I may feel hollow and lost but still—
I decide to concentrate on the next song that is playing. It’s a Spanish worship song I love so much. Sometimes I wonder if God remembers my existence at all. Or this new me is completely veiled from His sight? I scowl at the thought, but the song is so soothing it brings a slow smile to my face. I even close my eyes and tilt my head upwards.
The hot Botswana summer sun heats my skin and makes my face to prickle. I open my eyes and gaze at the clear bay blue sky. It seems to go on like a depthless blue almost white blanket. I wonder if heaven is above it or under it.
I close my eyes again and a ridiculous grin comes on my face as I begin to think about angels. My imagination is riot.
I slip on my own feet and before I know it I have landed hard on the ground with my bum while the singer in my ears reaches a high pitched note where the song is about to end. It all blends well with the hot sun, my sore bum and the thoughts that come flooding in my mind that very second.
I wince at the discomfort. But I don’t hear any roar of laughter. I suppose not many people have witnessed this. Now I have done it—I have created an interesting reputation for myself. Not that I already didn’t have one but I just didn’t want clumsy to the list.
The moment you are viewed as clumsy, you are a magnet for bullying bad trouble and I will have to change my game plan to stay a loner in this school!
I bite down on my lip as I fix my tote bag on my shoulder before I slowly open my eyes. A shadow looms above me, shielding me from the scorching sun. Now unless a tree walked to give me shade in the middle of the parking lot that can only be a person who is stretching out his hands to me right now.
Grunting under my breath from pain and also embarrassment I wretched the headsets from my ears and in seconds I have stuffed them in my bag and I’m on my feet. Of course I ignore the person trying to help me up. Just trying to be a gentleman maybe. But I am too infuriated at the fact that I just tripped on nothing and fell just like that and yes I feel like beating the crap out of that nothing.
‘Are you okay?’ he asks as I am dusting my jeans. At least the oversized t-shirt I am wearing which is equivalent to a dress on me is the one with dust on it not my jeans. I can easily tuck it or something and problem solved. I’m about to do just that when I notice that the person talking to me who hasn’t vanished yet is still there waiting for me to say something.
My hands grab fistfuls of my shirt. What should I say? Thank you? Well he didn’t do anything except prove that he was a sole witness to my clumsiness. How about go away?
I don’t especially feel like being polite today.
I raise my eyes to look at him and they collide with dark brown eyes covered with even darker lashes are looking down at me in wonderment and I only blink in return. Maybe I have been in the sun for too long. I almost slap myself to check whether I am not hallucinating. He is just beautiful. The thought falls in my head and I wonder if I didn’t fall and hit my head on the ground.
I close my eyes and give my head a little shake. To clear my head at least. Then I feel warm firm hands grip my arms. Both of them. My eyes fly open and I tense at the same time. A little concerned scowl make lines to appear on his brow, that’s when I realise that I do feel a little dizzy.
‘I’m fine.’ I manage to say finally – more like telling myself. I don’t want to go on and think about what could have possibly made me dizzy and had this stranger hold me from falling on my face.
He narrows his eyes, peering at me—leaning closer I think and I catch a delicious warm scent. I actually close my eyes to inhale deeply before I catch myself. Fresh laundry I decide. With a spicy tang and something warm and—
I suddenly snap to reality and kicking the woozy spell away in an instant. What the hell am I doing? Why is he looking at me like that? He doesn’t know I was inhaling him does he?
I tag my arms from his hold. He lets go but is still towering over me. Well I’m five feet two and it seems like the rest of the population I come into beat that record and I always have to look up at most people anyway.
I take a backward step and with a little head bow I manage to say, ‘thank you!’
Yeah I’ve watched too many Korean Dramas because I almost do the full bowing thing and dash off. I should leave but my feet seem to not be cooperating
A small smile appears on his lips—just small but oh swoon!
‘Are you sure?’
No I am not okay. The administrative department of my mind if running all over the place trying to locate and restore order. My logic, sense, heart, emotions and wild mind are in dire confusion and I can only stare speechlessly at the moment.
So I manage a jerky nod, pressing my lips together before I blurt out one of my running thoughts. Like is that hair afro or curly? Either way it has golden brown highlights under the sun, my finger actually twitch to touch it. Just to know whether it’s silky or coarse. I settle for silky because that would be a more satisfying feeling.
I mentally slap myself. What the hell? I need to get out of here.
‘Come, we’ll get you some water.’ His voice breaks into my reverie again, ‘the heat wave is extreme today.’
Heat wave? Oh yeah the global warming thing and damaged ozone layer climatic issues.
My feet finally start to move and I’m about to decline his water offer and make a run for it when I dizzy spell hits me again. I stagger sideways and I reach out my hands to find something to steady myself with. Of course the only stable thing around is the poor guy whose skin I am now clawing my fingers into as the dizziness tapper off slowly giving a minor introduction to an incoming head ache. 
‘Steady there, I got you.’
I look up suddenly because his voice is so close. And yes of course I am the one holding his arms now after having forced myself into his embrace. Right now I am captivated by his moving lips. They look so soft. I wonder if---
I shake my head and I try to draw away from him but he holds me still.
‘Come—my car is just here—you need to get out of the sun.’
He moves me to god knows where as I am still trying to locate back my senses and equilibrium. It when I see him open the car door and easing me inside that I begin to get myself a little.
I close my eyes at rest my head against the car seat as he close the door and comes to sit on the driver’s seat.
‘Here!’ I feel something cool in my hands. I sit up straight and I open my eyes. It’s a water bottle and he has opened it for me. I bring the bottle to my mouth and I feel myself relax a little as the water enters my system. Gee I had no idea that I was this dehydrated. 
I can’t help by sigh contentedly because a small container of water has just kicked away my sudden sickness.
‘Feeling better?’
I glance at him with a smile, ‘yes,’ my sanity has returned now, ‘thank you.’
‘Don’t mention it.’ He smiles back, ‘I’m Taylor.’
My brain companions scribble the name down furiously for future reference while I do the only thing that a not so normal person like me does. I look at his hand like it could be dangerous for my existence. I am serious about my mission to be invisible so much that I have become a loner and I don’t remember how to navigate a handshake.
That theory is proven because I accept his handshake with a polite smile and sealed lips. He chuckles under his breath
‘What do they call you?’
My heart skips. He just wants to put a name to my face. Yeah the clumsiest girl he has ever seen? Oh for Pete’s sake it’s just a normal introduction procedure. He gave you his name and you should give him yours. My sensible-self rolls her eyes at me.
‘Heather!’ I stammer, ‘and thank you again.’ 
That is my mental signature to leave right this moment. But I just stare at him as he takes a sip of his water. Why is that fascinating? I bite down on my lip. What happened to my life motto of invisibility? It doesn’t help anything that I am here admiring the person right now. He closes the cap back on his bottle and he turns to meet my gaze before I have time to talk myself out of staring.
A small smile tugs at the corners of his lips and I feel heat going to my face under that steady gaze. And it happens again. My mind goes into confusion.
I clear my throat, ‘uhmn—I—I have to go.’ I manage in a low choky voice, ‘I have classes.’
He glances at his wrist watch, ‘classes don’t start in thirty minutes. You can sit here until then.’
I shake my head, ‘I have a thing before classes.’
He narrows his eyes, ‘you want to go back out there after the heat wave effect you just had?’
I do still feel a little fuzzy but I’d rather sit in a room somewhere where I am able to put two coherent thoughts together.
‘I feel fine,’ at least I’m no longer stammering. ‘Thanks to you.’
‘It was my pleasure.’
I just flash a smile pushing my glasses over my nose and he follows that movement with his eyes before they settle back on my mouth. The impact of that look makes me bite down on my lip preparing to dash out and his lips fall open a little while his eyes rise to meet mine.
My heart is thudding loud in my chest bordering towards breathing problems I think because my breathing hitches and I take a deep breath to catch myself just as he slowly looks away with a ghostly smile on his lips.
What is wrong with me all of a sudden?
I finally get to action. My shaky hand opens the door and I think I mumble another thank you before I jump out of his car and almost do a victory dance when I’m out. I place a hand over my thudding heart. That person cannot be healthy for my existence. So I do the only thing I can. I walk as far from his car as possible towards the school building.
The day drags on as usual. Lectures, on-line classes. Boring slides and teachers with attitudes. Lunch then arrives and I sit under a huge thorn tree with music blasting in my ears. I am munching an apple. It’s Friday, and the thought of facing the weekend steals my appetite like it always does. I hate Saturdays. Okay maybe let me clear the injustice of unreasonable hate for a day that I never commanded to exist. Saturdays at my house is a nightmare. Everyone is around. Like they don’t have weekend plans or something. With so much people living at home I feel like I am running a restaurant doing all the cooking and serving. And don’t even get me started on the number of visitors that drop by as if they have nothing to do with themselves in their own homes on a week end.
By the time the final class for Business Ethics arrives I am severely depressed about Saturday. I sit in my usual spot in the back- invisible to the whole class population, pushing my fake glasses over the bridge of my nose and gaze absently at the front of the class.
Our business ethics lecturer recently took a leave, some unplanned pregnancy. And no she didn’t announce it to the whole world, I just figured it out. I sometimes wonder whether I was one of those babies that popped out of nowhere and turn all life plans around. It sure as hell feels like it sometimes.
The door opens and in strides a tall gentleman with his back to the class he picks up a whiteboard maker and inscribes his name on the white board
‘Mr. Phatshimo’
‘Oh my gosh.’ One girl in front of me whispers to the other, ‘that’s him,
‘Are you sure?’
‘Wait till he turns around—we are so lucky to have business ethics this semester—too bad he is only a temporary lecturer.’
Okay so the new ‘Mr. Phatshimo’ already has a five stars among the female population. This is going to be an interesting six months, or however long the professor makes her leave.
Then he turns to face the class and I am not the only one who gasps. But not for the same reasons. 
Wild faints on the floor with her hand on her forehead. How will the universe explain to me why the man I supposedly y ran away from and hoped to never see again was my new business ethics lecturer?
‘Alright!’ he says loud enough to silence the hushed whispers that were echoing in the class.
Good grief- if I’d known that he was a teacher I would have been a little bit civil with him earlier. And it’s not as if I can just hope he won’t recognize me I am very much easy to pick out in a crowd.
I duck my head, stared at the uninteresting desk where my hands are neatly folded. I go over the conversation and interaction I had with him. I cringe at everything. Crap!
I probably just assumed that he was hitting on me. Small brained that I am. Why would he hit on me, the man was simply beautiful, alluring. The picture of any girl’s best fantasies. I am just me and my small uninteresting self with glasses and a strain of clumsiness.
I snap back to the present when people chuckle all around.
‘most of our classes are going to be group work because this module requires a lot of analysis and discussion and on a more personal note because it makes my life easier than to have to deal with all of you individually.’
Either he is a slave to making bad jokes or he is a serious addict to bluntness.
‘Now look at the person next to you.’
I looked at the window before I turn to my fellow back seat neighbor, he is the loquacious dreadlocks guy who probably believes he got the whole Rasta culture figured out. At least he decided against keeping a beard.
He tried voguish moves on me the first days when he assumed that I could be a fellow rebel. Not that I knew for a fact that he was a rebel but I could somehow smell it on him. He even tried bullying and gave up when I showed him my best don’t you mess with me attitude.
When our eyes meet his face twists into a cheesy grin, I give him my most menacing glare and look away.
‘That will be your partner for the first assignment.’ Mr. Phatshimo finishes and my jaw drops open. Are you freaking kidding me?
The guy, what his name by the way anyway? Looks horrified, mirroring my expression.
‘Can’t we choose our own partners?’ a girl almost wails and I want to wail along with her
‘no- the idea is to create teamwork and teamwork is usually with people you naturally don’t pick for yourselves, you better all take this exercise seriously because it’s going to add up on your end of semester results.’ He continues to announce smoothly as he moves through the desk aisle placing sheets of paper on each table after he assesses who is partnered to who.
Teamwork? Wild scoffs with an unlady like sneer on her face, I hate teamwork, I like me alone work in fact I work better alone. And if I did have to endure teamwork why did it have to be with Rastafarian?
As if that is not enough, Mr. Phatshimo places the paper on Rastafarian’s desk and moves on as if he just didn’t ruin my entire school life.
The class ends and all people begin to file out. Rastafarian grabs the sheet and marches out of the classroom.
Urgh!—I lift my tote bag and March after him. The guy walks in such impressive long strides for his possibly five feet two height.
‘Collins!’ I suddenly remember his name. He glances behind him and stop. An impish smile spreads across his face. The devil himself in a small body.
‘Heather! He drawls my name in a slow sultry smug way like the stupid devil that he is
‘You seem to be in some kind of hurry and I need to see the assignment you just took off with you.’
He arcs an eyebrow upward, ‘you actually think I’m going to work with you?’
Of course not, who works with the devil knowingly in broad day light?
‘no.’ I reply calmly, ‘but we have to make it seem like we worked together—so can I see the assignment?’
A lopsided grin follows- hyena- the word quickly falls into my head and wild nods in approval. Maybe he is the reason why we still have to study evolution and the Stone Age, since he seem to have in some way inherited the genes.
Okay. I am losing it—I am getting annoyed.
‘How badly do you want it?’
I narrow my eyes at him, ‘excuse me?’
‘Tell me how badly you want it.’
Is he trying to pull off the confident control freak attitude with me?
‘Just give me the paper Collin!’
‘Just like that?’ he scoffs, ‘you have to be kidding.’
The stupid teamwork assignment just gave this idiot some power to tease me with, if that teacher didn’t have a lesson planned why didn’t he just say his name and leave the class?
‘But I can give you.’ He breaks into my angry reverie, ‘we can go out and work on it together maybe over a candle light dinner and slow music.’ He bites his lip.
Oh my gosh shoot me now
‘What?’ I mutter slowly with a dangerously low voice.
‘Don’t you get the picture? I want us to go out.’
I clench my fists and glare at him, ‘are you mad? You think I am desperate for that stupid group assignment?’
You are! Wild raises an eyebrow at me
‘don’t push me Collin or I will pull those dread locks one by one before I shove them down your throat,’ I growl, ‘now hand it over.’
Collin nods slowly, either he is terrified, like I hope he is because if he is seeing me like a funny small angry girl I don’t have a plan B. He pulls the folded paper from his pocket and hands it to me. I snatch the paper from his hand and March on in long angry strides. I probably look like Tom from the Tom and Jerry cartoon and I don’t care,
Even tiny mice hold their own sometimes. My annoyance subsides slowly as I reach the parking lot. I sigh, of all the things that the freak could have teased with – I would have even said please if he had suggested it but date? Oh boy he poked the wrong beehive.
‘Heather.’
Who else knows me in this school to call me in the middle of the parking lot? He couldn’t have followed me did he? Doesn’t he have anything else to do? Wash his dreads maybe!
I raise my head and meet dark brown eyes, a dazzling smile and that wonderful smell. Fresh laundry! I blink to clear my head and—did I just run into him again?
What is he? The next episode of my worst days ever?
‘Hop in I will give you a ride.’
I blink at him again, ‘huh?—uh – oh no thank you Mr. Phatshimo.’
‘I insist!’
I push my glasses over the bridge of my nose, ‘no its okay I live close by.’
‘Mogoditshane is that close by?’
How did he—?
I blink again. ‘No of course not,’ getting annoyed, ‘I don’t want you to give me a lift.’ Seriously wasn’t he supposed to be my teacher or something?
‘Why not.’
I raise my eyebrows, ‘well first of all you are a stranger and secondly I don’t want inappropriate rumors with my face on it.’
‘alright, then I suppose we have to know each other a little better and as for your second concern no one cares here.’
‘I do and that mean somebody does—have a good day.’ I brush past him
‘It’s Taylor!” he calls out after me


Chapter Two
Betrayal is like a virus. It can be tamed and silenced but it has no cure. The youth pastor keep telling us that God can cure anything. I’ve seen firsthand the cure he spoke of, deadly diseases, broken bones, and people changing instantly. Seriously something massive is going on in that church that God I assume doesn’t want me to be a part of. Because despite seeing and hearing all these things, I still can’t believe enough that God wants anything to do with my life story.
Bad memories do not have a cure. To be more precise, my memories do not have a cure.
‘You should come to the hike this weekend.’ Judith says as she pushed my books aside to sit with me on the bed, ‘all the church youth will be there and pastor Luke says that it’s a spiritual journey.
I don’t want to go for the hike- though I do like hiking. No I fantasize it on my better days. But I don’t want to physically do it. The last time I was in a jungle all hell broke loose.
‘I have weekend classes.’
‘Oh come on.’ Judith rolls her eyes, ‘all college and no fun makes you a dull person.’
‘That’s not how the saying goes,’ I arc an eyebrow upwards, ‘and besides you know I can’t get away on Saturdays—I run a diner here.’
‘You are the one who worries that all these people will starve to death without you.
Like she ever lived here before, wild mutters grudgingly
And I’d rather survive the Saturday craziness than hike. If only Judith knew- she would stop pressing the issue on me. And the spiritual journey? Wild scoffs loudly folding her arms—why bother?
‘Please!’ Judith does the puppy face 
I groan, no it’s not cute it looks terrifying, ‘I will think about it.’
She grins triumphantly, ‘still better than a no. so when you decide- you text me and I will come and get you okay?’
I nod with a taut smile. Sometimes I wonder where Judith get all that energy from, I felt tired just by the thought of facing another day. I don’t know why she is still my friend. Well maybe friend is a little bit exaggerated—Pastor Luke put us together as prayer partners.
When Judith leaves I start on the business ethics group assignment. I remember the look on Collin’s face when I threatened him and I laugh mirthlessly to myself. The freak had it coming!
It is said that two work better than one—yeah even though the end result is disastrous, but I still like working alone the best. And there is no way in heaven am I going to work with Collin. Normally I would try to appeal to his better nature and get this work done. But not anymore—maybe there is no better side to naturally evil people. I had decided long time ago
Father is the typical traditional type of person. Sometimes I wildly believe that he may have accidentally teleported from the 1800s. He still believes the whole women had different roles than men thing and that it is a waste of energy to send a girl child to school. So I guess he grudgingly educated me my whole life, not that I am complaining.
Mother and aunt had to negotiate for half of their lives-well I suppose- before they could try to find ways to earn money for themselves or something like that. They asked father and uncle’s opinions before doing anything. It still does make any sense to me. Or perhaps they all teleported from historic ear together where women only had children and satisfied their husbands.
In my point of view, marriage is a prison under lock and key. It almost seemed like being owned by someone ordering you around just because you are female.
My aunt often tells me that I am twisted by the TV and books I read. Maybe she is right and I can’t deny that I have thought problems or that my point of view differs from that of every other human being on planet earth!
The topic is a lot of dilemma to conclude so I drew out my own safe conclusion that could save me from the expected slavery
Don’t get married! Period.
When I walk into the dining room on Saturday morning, father and older brother are having breakfast. Father has that look on his face. I was too farm ilia with a look to know that he is about to make another painful announcement.
I greeted them and I sit down.
‘Are you still going for the hike?’ Father asks, mildly interested, I doubt the man ever hiked his whole life unless it was absolutely necessary because he was shocked I think when I explained that hiking is a hobby.
‘Yes.’ I reply.
‘When will you be back?’
‘Midday!’
‘That’s good.’ His faces twists into a wide smile, ‘we have a guest who will be with us tonight.’ He turns to older brother, ‘is Charles still coming?’
‘Yes father, just as planned. ‘Brother answered flashing a smile at me.
Who was Charles? Probably another relative, the weekend never passes without them. In fact there are so many I gave up keeping up with them.
‘Great,’ father beams, ‘go and have fun, and we will all see you when you get back.’
My eyebrows nearly shoot up at my father. I’ve known father my whole life to understand that such level of enthusiasm means that he probably found another way to make very one’s lives more complicated and miserable than they already are. Okay, maybe not literally but close enough.
Why did I agree to this again?
I’d pictured this outing a little differently, fresh air, hill top scenarios I wanted to act out like the scene I put in my head last night of my lovely self on the hilltop looking so lovely under the sun.
A stab of disappointment hit me when I observed reality. My face is itchy and sweaty, I’m not sure which part of my body is aching at the moment. Pastor Luke decides to draw a sermon and decides that sitting under the hot sun was the best way to deliver it.
‘There is nothing that you are going through that no one has ever globe through—you are not alone. We endure knowing that at His appointed time God will come to our rescue.’
Why do I feel like he has been on this point for the past decade? What am I even doing here? I never hiked anymore since—my chest tightens as the memory threatens to come into my mind. I push it away. Thinking about that day here in the woods would do no good for me or for anyone.
Twenty four months was enough for me get over it wasn’t it?
Screams, the ripple of the river
Raucous laughter
My name being called
A body floating in the river
My hands in my hair I scream, sinking to my knees
The cell door closing before my eyes and that dark triumphant evil smile.
I inhale sharply to snap out of my horror reverie only to see Pastor Luke gazing at me with concern on his face.
‘Heather are you okay?’
‘I’m fine,’ I reply quickly as I am still trying to recover myself but I can’t because I suddenly have trouble breathing. I need to calm down. The last thing I need is to end up on a counselling session with some stranger I don’t know trying to make me tell them my life story.
Of course they say that confession brought deliverance, I don’t think that would work for me. Not all proposed solutions work for the entire human race.
‘I get dizzy when I sit in the sun for too long.’ I lie.
Pastor Low nods and smiles weakly, ‘you need some water and a shade.’
‘Here’s water.’ Someone offers. The bottle is passed until it reaches me. I see everyone king of relax as I gulp in water and look more relaxed.
But I still notice a little worry and doubt on the pastor’s face. Thought he is diverting everyone’s attention from my predicament he obviously doesn’t believe that I have a rare sickness that requires me to stay out of the sun
It’s not as if I were a vampire.
‘Seriously are you okay?’ Judith asks me for the millionth time. I want to hide somewhere, almost all people from the group have already come to ask if I was okay? I wonder if they mean presently or my whole screwed up life.
‘I’m fine,’ I say as I relax into my seat.
‘I’m just worried,’ Judith sighs. ‘You looked like you were about to die back there.’
Crap, I guess I did look that bad. My bad memories are indeed horrifying and wasn’t it convenient that they had to show up during that time
‘I’m so tired,’ I mumble as I lean my head against my seat and close my eyes. Oh how I long for a slow soul song.
‘Heather.’ Judith taps me on the shoulder.
‘What?’ I say in a lazy do-not-disturb-me voice
‘Look who is here!’ she gasps.
‘Who?’ I just want to go home, I don’t care if angel Gabriel slipped off the grand heaven stairway and fell on earth with a thud,
‘It’s Evangelist Abiwu’s son.’
I want to roll my eyes. I don’t even know who that it. Between Christians and non-Christians, their trend of celebrities was a fine line between entertainment famous faces and prominent preachers. I still don’t get what the fuss is all about.
‘Evangelist who?’ I open my eyes to scowl at her
‘The Ghanaian evangelist who visited our church once.’
‘When was that?’
Judith looks so giddy. ‘Two years ago—but his son remained with our church for a time—I guess he’s still in Botswana after all.’
‘Oh, so what did he do?’
‘he was in the praise and worship team but left after his mother died--- we all thought he returned to live with his father in Ghana,’
‘Are you going to go and say hello?’ I raise an eyebrow at her
‘No, that would be awkward and I don’t want people to assume that I have carnal interests in him or something.’
I chuckle, ‘oh my god!’
I turn my head to look out the window. Just to see him so that I can remember him if Judith ever speak of him again. His back is at the minivan. He is talking with Pastor Luke who look very fond of him. Pastor Luke is fond of everyone. Pastor Luke seems a little confrontational and the man is laughing and nodding his head.
He’s definitely not here for a hike, I study his dark jeans and orange t-shirt. The orange color makes his light skin very appealing or it’s just that I have a weakness for that skin which reminds me of someone.
Some other guy from the choir comes out of the minivan and walks up to Ghananian with grin.
He swats Ghananian’s arm in a cheery greeting. Pastor Luke grins and Ghananian turns to the choir guy whose name I don’t remember at the moment with a ridiculous grin on his face. His brows shoot up his face in recognition and the two share a brief hug.
Wild appears and we both gap, dumbstruck. No way. No freaking way. Please tell me he has a twin brother or it just so happens that his exact look alike also lives in Botswana.
‘Is that him?’ I ask Judith beside me.
Judith turns to look at me than past me out the window,
‘Yes.’ She looks at me, ‘you know him?’
‘no.’ I lie. ‘He doesn’t look Ghanaian.’
‘His mother is a Motswana but he is a carbon copy of his father, except the light complexion, his mother was half white.’
Choir boy and Ghanaian are talking animatedly—displaying old friendship. I could already picture his life story. His mother dies, his father returns to his home
Country and he leaves the church.
From the whispers that erupts inside the minivan, he was a beloved person and old friend.
‘Oh my God, he is coming here!’ Judith gasps
I snap out of my thoughts and my eyes looks out just his last foot is entering the minivan.
Everyone greeted him animatedly as soon as he steps inside. Even Judith stood and walked to give him a long lecture like greeting. I remain in my seat and I take out my phone just to maintain my sanity and half hoping that he won’t even native my existence.
‘Join us for lunch!” pastor Luke insists
NO! 
‘Sure.’ ‘Great, you can have this seat here.’
Either my peripheral vision is playing tricks on me or is Pastor Luke pointing at the empty seat beside me? Where on earth did Judith vanish to?
I want to keep staring at my phone because my heart is suddenly doing somersaults inside me. A lump comes to my throat and my palms start to sweat.
He comes to sink in the seat beside me
Crap!
He turns to look at me the same time I decide to stop pretending to poke at my phone. My eyes meet dark brown gaze and my heart starts to pump faster than it necessary. I can’t help myself and he is this close. There is a brief moment when it feel like the world has paused and has matched the pace of my beating heart. He is surprised to see me then his face smoothens to a neutral expression
‘Heather!’ the way his eyes sweeps me makes me very self-conscious and I feel heat going to my face. Maybe he is the weird person because I don’t feel like this when any other person looks at me. And also now I know why his voice is nice. He is a singer
‘Taylor.’ I say kicking my wild thoughts away with a taut smile. My wild mind grimaces in disappointment.
‘It’s good you decided to drop the formalities.’
I purse my lips, - I am annoyed, his existence is ruining my mental health. Wild nods in agreement.
‘We are not in school.’ I mumble and gaze out the window. I can feel his eyes on me. That makes me even more annoyed because I am dusty, sweaty and almost insane and he is sitting there all dashing and smelling like fresh laundry.
‘You are a church girl!’
I turn to look at him with raised eyebrows, what does that even mean.
‘Excuse me?’
‘That explains your behavior the last time we met, but not quite.’
I blink at him, ‘are you always this straight forward?’
‘Yes.’ He answers simply
I press my lips together depreciatively, ‘why is that a thing?’ I mumble to myself 
He narrows his eyes at me. ‘Do I annoy you or are you basically just annoyed with everyone?’
Everyone? Well I wouldn’t know. I am anti-social to some degree and as for him, I can’t describe my present predicament as annoyance but I do want to run from him like he was the plague.
‘Yes.’ I say breathing out. Because it’s suddenly so hot in here. Did someone forget to turn on the air conditioning? And can’t he look elsewhere other than my face
‘You don’t even know me.’
‘Neither do you!’
‘I am willing to try.’
I meet his gaze, ‘why?’
‘Because I think you are attractive and I know you think I am as well.’
I blink and I’m not sure whether to laugh or to scoff. So I just lift my phone and start to poke at the screen in order to ignore him. So he is hitting on me after all, has he gone mad? Doesn’t he have eyes? Oh he does—dark captive brown.
He chuckles under his breath before he takes my phone from my hands and start to navigate it as if it was his.
‘What are you doing?’ I ask as if I haven’t figured out that he is saving a number in my phone. I should keep a security pattern on the thing but father was hell bend on invading my privacy like it was his favorite past time in the world.
‘Heather.’ He says as he hands me my phone back,
I nod slowly and I smile. I mean what else I can do at this point. It’s not as if I am not secretly thrilled that he has given me his number or that he has found any interest in me at all.
But I won’t go into all that. I’ve seen a dangerous world and I won’t relive it. I am still trying to figure my way back to the normal world and I don’t have time for this.
Geez it’s just a phone number, my wild mind rolls her eyes at my overthinking. I am not overthinking, I argue, I am simply looking at things now and beyond.
I glance at the new contact. Taylor. 
The lunch turns out to be very eventful. The youth group are very fond of Taylor as it seems and they do have a lot of good old memories to laugh about throughout lunch. It baffles me that he doesn’t even seem uncomfortable since he is someone who left the church.
I suddenly have a wild desire to hear him sing. Maybe because I spend the entire lunch session staring at him and studying him. It’s a weird feeling. How do I describe that I am being fascinated by this person I only met twice now. It feels as though the guy is everywhere—or has been everywhere for the past few days ever since I ran into him in the parking lot.
Other than that, the church group is so comfortable with him. I grew up attending a stern Church that had very strict rules. Do and don’ts. You do something to shame the congregation they will gladly tell you to pack your load and not poison all others. You had to tread carefully around those people. It was the kind of worship centre my father highly approved of. He thought himself as a good displinarian. I viewed him as a personal version of Hitler in the house
This church group was different, no one even tried to give Taylor the five hundred minutes lecture about him returning to the Lord or face the fires of hell. 
The topic always makes my heart to lurch in my chest. How will I even begin to ‘return to the Lord’? Where would I even start from?
The lunch is soon over and we all hurry back to the minivan. Judith is having a Q&A conversation with Taylor and imp guessing that maybe she likes him. I don’t blame her. The man is a walking temptation. Not only because I think he is too attractive but because he isn’t in the Christian social circles. Maybe people like him were not meant to be with this kind of crowd, they had to derail the entire female population.
Wild smiles smugly at this new theory. I begin to march purposefully towards the van noting that I will be walking past Judith and Taylor, not that I had planned it but why did they decide to chat in the middle of the road?
I pick up my pace and walk hastily past the two- well almost before Taylor stops me by gripping my hand.
He has done it again. What is wrong with this man?
I think Judith is more surprised by it more than I am. I want to kick Taylor. Is he aware that the entire church group is witnessing this whole exchange? 
‘Well it was nice seeing you again Taylor.’ Judith’s smile falters since she is still wondering why Taylor is holding my hand like we are a dear been-together-for-a-long-time couple. She pats his arm before walking away. 
Territory, I think wildly, women mark their territory by touch. And this is not just a hypothesis.
‘Same here—have a nice weekend, I’ll see you around.’ He keeps his eyes on me as he speaks.
I’ve seen this before and read about it a thousand times but oh boy never have I felt so vulnerable and helplessly flattered under anyone’s gaze before. This is unnerving.
Even father who claims to be equivalent to the king of the jungle never manage to confuse the administrative department of my thoughts like this.
I tag my hand my and he lets go after his traitorous fingers linger a little bit inside my palm making my hand to tingle.
‘You have a nice weekend Taylor.’ I decide to be civil and he has a small mocking smile on his face.
‘Call me!’ he narrows his eyes and wild freezes for a moment before passing out.
‘Maybe!’ I say nonchalantly.
If he thinks I’m simply going to pick up my phone and call him he had another thing coming. Since the man seems to be everywhere at least I’m sure that he won’t appear at my house. So my mental health should be safe until Monday at school.


Chapter Three
I cant meet Judith’s questioning gaze as we drive back home. She obviously have tones of questions and doesn’t hesitate to ask them
‘I thought you said that you didn’t know him.’
I feel heat going to my face, ‘well in the actual sense I really don’t. I only met him in class he is my Business Ethics lecturer.’
‘And he is already so familiar with you?’
I bite my lip, ‘well I kind of bumped into him in the parking lot.’
Judith’s mouth hangs open, ‘and why were you planning to keep this to yourself?’
‘I wasn’t.’ I roll my eyes, ‘but how was I supposed to breach the topic without you thinking that I have a thing for my teacher.’
‘Which is not far from the truth.’
I gasp but wisely choose not to say anything at this point. I know that down somewhere in the depths of my wild mind I do like the man. Which is ridiculous because I only met the man yesterday. Maybe it’s just because I think he is attractive. The fact that I even manage to pick that out is fascinating. I spent two years building barriers around myself and never looked at anyone and this guy just appears and melts everything away. Maybe that’s why he feels so dangerous, why I want to run for the hills screaming.
As soon as I enter my house it feels like I have entered into another territory. It always feels like that but today it’s much deeper. I sniff the air. Either aunt or mother decided to prepare a dinner party, which very rare or the so called visitor is really that special.
I rush in to take a shower and I put on a comfortable long skirt and a sleeveless blouse. I tie my hair into the usual bun and put on my glasses. I am busy observing my reflection and as much as it kills me to admit it, thinking about Taylor when I hear loud exclamations from the living room.
This Charles man must surely be something.
‘Heather!’ its mother, ‘come over here!’
After all the greetings have been exchanged, I finally make my appearance in the crammed living room. It never fails to amaze me how all these people fit under one roof.
Father and brother have the same faces, I wonder what exactly they look so proud of. My four uncles, all look amused. They always do. I usually call them joker in four. Aunt has an interesting theory about that one
Mother and aunt cast me appraising gazes.
Okay now I smell real trouble about to drop in any minute soon
 After assessing all the important expressions of the family. I finally let my eyes land on the visitor. I begin from his feet. Nice formal loafers. Brown, someone that screams trouble. They look pricey though-even the socks peeking from under his pants. White shirt, no tie. He is all formal.
Then I finally reach his face. Dark strong features and a confident gleam in his ordinary brown eyes. Okay I have been bewitched by a certain pair of brown eyes such that all other eyes looks very ordinary. He is like a Michelangelo sculpture.
He is looking straight at me, I can see him weighing some option in his head before he flashes a smile at me. The man also has dimples.
He is the epitome of tall dark and handsome, but somehow that feel boring.
Wild smiles coyly and Taylor’s face flashes into my mind. What on earth has that man done to me?
I walk to him and greet him with the respect that is required for the seemingly important stranger. 
‘It is a pleasure to meet you.’ I say averting my eyes. Because you don’t look into people’s eyes, especially male strangers when greeting them.
‘Likewise.’ His voice is deep and manly
‘Charles, this is my one and only daughter Heather. She is doing her final year in business studies this year.’
‘Ah!’ Charles sounds pleased, ‘that’s very pleasant news.’
I retreat from the place and go to sit with the only women in the house.
Father starts the inquisition. That lasts for decades. Turns out the man is a prominent business tycoon in his area and he is an all too confident church kind of man. Of course father is always attracted to people who are similar to himself. Why doesn’t that surprise me?
I don’t pretend to be naïve, halfway through the whole exchange I kind of figure out what is going on here. Surely this can’t be an arranged marriage?
Bile rises to my throat.
Marriage. And I hope it’s me overthinking things because this can’t be happening.
Who does that?
I barely eat anything at dinner. I can’t. The man keep casting longing gazes at me. I feel terrified—the man is so confident and sure. I feel as though something is crawling on my skin every time he looks at me as though I am a ripe juicy mango he wants to sink his teeth into.
My wild mind snickers to herself- the freak has no idea what he’s getting himself into.
Mother and aunt excuse themselves to do the dishes. My uncles, well they always have something to do. Are they programmed robots or something?
Brother and father disappear in the study and I can imagine them with psycho like sinister grins on their faces behind the closed door rubbing her hands together with slightly popped eyes.
So I am left alone with Charles outside on the verandah. The night air is cold and the sky thoroughly starlit.
To think that this could have been a romantic scene—now a horror scene. All those stars could as well all be asteroids about to fall at once and demolish the entire planet.
‘You are more beautiful than they described,’
Oh well if it was father who told the poor guy about me he probably got all the wrong information a man would need to get on the girl’s good natures. And this guy so far wasn’t doing so well.
‘We can get to know each other first, ‘he goes on blatantly speaking of a relationship that was set up hours ago, and ‘I would really like that.’
I raise my eyes to meet his gaze. I push my glasses over the bridge of my nose- time to go in crazy mode. My wild mind smirks approvingly.
‘Do you really want to know me Mr. Charles?’
‘Charles please!—and yes—I believe you and I can be a good pair—your father is like a father to me.’
‘You don’t even know me.’
‘I know your father—that’s enough.’
What the hell does that even mean? Wild shrugs while throwing a popcorn into her mouth.
‘And I know what you have been through—I have no problem with that—it’s in the past—let’s leave it there.’
Why does it feel like this encouraging mantra is always coming out from the wrong mouths? It’s not even encouraging. At this point I can confidently consider it to be a sinister statement from a sinister human being.
‘We can go on a date first if it makes you feel comfortable with me—then we can meet my parents after.’
In-laws. Wild sneers into space. In-laws according to what I have observed in my twenty four years of life can be the worst human race to come into. Or the best. But with my luck…
‘You sound very old fashioned.’
‘Modest.’ He corrects me with a smile, ‘I intend to be a good husband and a good father.’
I resist the urge to drop my mouth open but wild’s jaw hits the floor—the man is actually decided on this issue. Father? Husband? I want to laugh hysterically while shaking my finger at him. As far as I and my wild mind are concerned, husband is not a thing that exists in my universe and the thought of me bearing children is like imagining the world being run by monkeys.
‘Isn’t he wonderful?’ mother gushes as soon as father walks Charles out the door. And oh my gosh is she really flustered?
‘he’s older than his age.’ I say because certain pairs of eyes are on me waiting for a comment. At least I said the truth why are they looking at me like that?
‘He is mature—he is good for you.’ Aunt says with an approving nod
Don’t these two women know that I was born in the twenty first century not the mine industrialization? Who cares about mature men these days? No one is mature as far as I am concerned. Even the old adage of ‘wisdom comes with age’ is totally laughable.
‘I am going to sleep.’ I walk hastily to my room but I don’t miss one of my uncle’s words
‘Yes go and dream about Charles!’
I hope I don’t dream at all. But as soon as I drift off to sleep. I dream of dark brown eyes and that voice.


Chapter Four
Classes go by faster than I could catch up with. Business ethics class arrives and I am giving myself a lecture and counselling on how I could possibly act normal after the man appeared in my dream last night. But Taylor does not come to class. I should sigh in relief but I feel so disappointed I want to cuddle a tub of chocolate ice-cream and wail in front of a sad movie. Maybe I could watch Sad Love Story when I get home. I could almost hear the song at the back of my mind and the urge for the good old Korean drama is very strong as I approach the house.
I chat a little with mother and aunt before I hop into my room and shut the door. I fire up my desk top computer and tap my foot impatiently as the thing is loading.
What the hell is wrong with me? Or maybe that’s the wrong question. What is wrong with Taylor? I had vowed to never pay any attention to anyone after my friends and boyfriend were murdered right before my eyes.
I hear it again. The scream. The most awful scream I will never erase from my mind through pout my lifetime. The kind that has no adjective to describe it. That kind of scream.
I see myself hiding behind a thick shrug, a hand over my sobbing mouth. I close my eyes and turn away but it’s helpless. I know what is happening and though my eyes can’t see it—my mind and all my other senses can see it.
‘Where is the other one?’ one man barks at another
‘She must have run off.’ The other bite back, ‘never mind let’s get out of here.’
‘And leave a witness behind?’
‘You are the one who killed them you idiots—this was just supposed to be a warning.’
‘That was an accident—the bitch bit me and I slipped.’
‘Guys,’ a third voice silences them, ‘let’s go—now—you can fight elsewhere and I don’t want it to be in prison.’
An eternity later I manage to rise from my hiding place. I am shaking violently. It takes my exactly ten minutes to navigate my eggs and when they move, I break into a breathless run. I don’t know where I am going—but anywhere would be better at this point. I come to the bank of a river and I halt. Even my sobbing ceases. I don’t know what I am waiting for but I stare at the river with wide eyes. The water is plashing harshly against the stones.
I hug myself as a feeling of dread engulfs me and twists all my insides. Just when I think that I am about to collapse I catch a glimpse of red in the water. Instinctively, I take a step back and my shaking hand goes over my mouth. As the object gets closer to the river bank I peer at it as it grows bigger. My breath comes out loud and labored and I inch closer—scared but too curious to not know what it is. A chill runs down my spine and the object finally gets nearer and closer and closer.
My hand falls from my mouth and the scream that erupts out of me tours through the thick forest like a sharp merciless knives.
My body jerks a little as the memory fades from my mind. For the past two years, I could never see it as a memory—it felt like going into a trance and reliving it again.
Forgetting the computer I crawl on my bed and curl into a ball.
It’s almost midnight and I’m sitting on my bed. Sleep seems to have eluded me so maybe I subconsciously decided to study the magnolia painted wall in front of me because I have been staring at it for a long time. My palms are sweating on the phone that I am clutching. I’ve been holding it for hours and I still can’t figure out why I am holding the thing as if it could offer me comfort. The internet could take my mind off things but I don’t want to end up opening a horror video on YouTube by accident. I am not just saying. It has happened.
Wild folds her arms and purse her lips at me.
‘Okay—out of all the things I could be stressing and sweating over on when I should be sleeping. Or to put it more precisely, the very thing that has brought insomnia upon me is Taylor’s number in my phone.
I don’t know why I want to call him, but I just want to hear his voice. I want something to forget my recent flashback and I chose Taylor’s voice. I don’t even know the man. What is wrong with me?
I remember his face when he said, ‘call me!’—I suck in some air. Maybe he has some powers or those alluring but dangerous characters. Vampires. In theory, they are beautiful- check—they seem perfect—check—they have beautiful melodious voices—check—they make you obsessed with them—check. And in the end I end up dead. Death by a vampire. I imagine Taylor’s mouth at the crook of my neck, his breath tickling my skin. I shudder and my heart picks up a rapid beat.
I shake my head—okay I am going insane now—wild rolls her eyes, Taylor is a guy and is doing a guy thing. Very smooth. I note.
I release my phone from the confinement of my hands and without thinking twice I find the number that has bewitched me and I dial it.
I want to do a deep evil cackle as it dials.
First ring—please don’t answer—second ring—go into voice mail—third ring—please ignore the call—fourth ring—
‘Hello?’
I hold my breath. He answered? What should I do now? Why did I even call? It’s not as if I didn’t study business communication—always have a reason why you are calling—the world is a busy place and prank calls can get you murdered or eaten by vampires.
‘Hello?’
Geez even modern technology which is capable of making voices sound different on cell phones could not tame his melodious voice. I think I can live now.
‘H-hello!’ I clear my throat—why did I call again?
‘Heather!’ I can hear the smile in his voice, oh he’s smiling, that’s a relief, and ‘did you miss me?’
No- not a relief at all. My heart starts to thud loudly in my chest.
‘You wish!’ my voice is calm—too calm for the situation at hand, ‘I just wanted to check if your number exists.’
There—now that the reason for the call at midnight has been established we can move on to the next part—which I have no idea what it is. Mental note—next time before a call make a damn plan first.
He chuckles, ‘you are just saying—so how was school today?’
‘What do you think? It was a blast—we have a cool teacher who ditches school after the first lesson—I have never seen such a thing.’
‘Really? You have never met such a cool person—you need more experiences.’
‘What kind of experiences?’ I am thinking beautiful vampires who can walk in broad day light and teach business ethics.
‘All kinds of experiences!’ his voice is almost inaudible and I feel heat all over me.
I clear my throat, ‘okay, now that I’ve confirmed that you didn’t run away—will we be seeing you tomorrow?’
‘No!’
Wild pokers her lips in disappointment
‘You can come and see me if you want—I’ll text you the address.’
Oh no – no- no- no… 
‘No can’t do—I have a full schedule and I don’t visit people.’
NB, good looking teachers I have a crush on,
‘I’m no people—aren’t we already past that?’
He is joking—wild assures herself while fanning herself with a hand—the man is very smooth. Dangerously so and I am his next victim.
‘You are delusional—are you sick or something?’
‘Yes—I am in fact very ill.’
I scoff, ‘with what? Chicken flu?’
He chuckles. ‘Food poisoning—it’s not contagious don’t worry—I won’t pass it on to you.’
Why does he keep on insisting that I am actually going to fall on his door step? Doesn’t he have pity for my imagination? Okay time to end this craziness.
‘Oh well—get well soon.’
‘Thank you.’
There is a long a pause and I think I hear him chuckle soft before I lower the phone and end the call.
My phone lands on my bed with a soft thud and I begin to laugh—why am I laughing? I have no idea—I must be going crazy.
Not as crazy as I feel in the morning before school. I am in the kitchen preparing sorghum porridge. Google told me that it’s good to eat after food poisoning. It’s also healthy normally.
‘You carry porridge to school these days?’ my aunt scowls at me in a funny way as I pour the cooked porridge in a Tupperware lunch box and I pour some milk in a similar Tupperware bottle.
‘It’s really good,’ I answer her.
She laughs, ‘you didn’t put sugar?’
‘no.’ I nod, ‘sugar is not good for recovering—.’ I stop mid-sentence, ‘I mean it ruins the entire receipt.’
‘It’s better with peanut butter, sugar and salt,’ aunt says, her face twinkling with an expression that brings bile to my mouth, ‘you’d have to learn to cook it like that for your husband,’
Ugh! Right, the arranged marriage. I seem to forget it a lot for the past hours because it’s so unreal. There is no way I am marrying that man. In my mind I give myself a steady gaze—an incredulous gaze that says otherwise
‘You two are a good match,’ my clueless and right now annoying aunt goes on, ‘you are very compatible.’
I inwardly cringe at the word compatible—why do I have to deal with this early in the morning?
‘I have to go aunt,’ I quip, ‘I will bear that in mind.’
I am so furious half an hour later as I march towards the school. Why would aunt grin like a loon to me about the subject of marriage? I don’t believe in stuff like that. I am a fairy tale kind of girl—or maybe close to it. People say reality is not like that. Big deal—but if I’m going to spend the rest of my life with someone- shouldn’t I at least like them a little?
On a normal basis, Charles is just—just
I am still searching for the word when my phone buzzes inside my bag. Shifting my lunch bag into one arm I take out my phone. It’s a sms.
I stare at the screen. No freaking way. Wild claps her hands in delight. My heart is drumming inside my chest. He just send me his address.
Red alert—who does that? I mean of course it’s no big deal for him—the man is obviously a cold womanizer—girls obviously throw themselves at him. He doesn’t even need to put the effort. I could just be a next victim. I am the next target. Between the two of us—someone is out of their wits unless he finds small girls with glasses and ugly clothes attractive then I am the loon following him around
Another sms comes in and my eyes grow wider behind my glasses.
See you soon—call me if you get lost.
He thinks I’m going to come? I chuckle nervously, I’d meant it to be a sarcastic laugh—oh my word, even I myself am not sure if I won’t end up on Taylor’s front door.
No, I would never do that—I am too ambitious to ditch school to go to the house of my part-time teacher—I cannot be that stupid. I of all people should know from life experience that one wrong event can alter your life for good.
Wild crosses her leg on top of the other and begin to drum her fingers on her thigh—I know that I am blabbering, so I try another angle—invisible—I promised myself to stay invisible, I can’t blow out one month’s worth of success.
Wild rolls her eyes, oh please, I just want to see if he is alright—give him the porridge and leave.
Why is my mind running all over the place?
As I sit in the taxi on my way to Taylor’s house my fingers—twitch to my phone in my pocket. I should send a reply like—‘I’m on my way’
I scoff at my own absurdity—it’s not as if I am on a mission for Pete’s sakes.
I sit rigidly in the car seat as the taxi nears my destination. Besides the fact that I am ditching school and father would send me to a madhouse immediately if he ever finds out (and I would like to keep it in my best interests that he never does and remains in the clueless parent’s stereotype) I am suddenly stiff because this is just wrong on so many levels. And this neighborhood is a far cry from where I live.
Well it’s not Hollywood. Classy people make me nervous—well partly because the first rich person I ever encountered turned out to be a madman so who can blame me.
So when other people cling to rich friends I run a mile. Father once told me plainly that my mind works backwards. Well since he was the one who recognized it I suppose then that I got it from him. Genetic inheritances have to start from somewhere—it’s a scientific law. And I have the upper most respect for empirical studies.
Minutes later I am standing at the bus stop. I just stand there with a lunch bag clung under my arm and a tote bag on the other. I push my glasses over the bridge of my nose. It’s not like I am not so sure of where I am going.
‘Hey!” someone drawls at my right hand side, ‘what’s your name and where are you going?’
I press my lips together as I march across the road away from whoever way trying to strike a conversation with me. The directions are clear and simple because soon I find Taylor’s house.
It’s just as I expected. Large walls surrounding it, electric fence, electronic gate. I imagine there must be a dog too. Vicious dogs are intrinsic to the rich residence character. The thought of large scary dogs makes me shudder
I hate dogs—no- to put it more honestly, I am terrified of dogs. The automatic response to something you fear is hate—at least that’s my proven theory.
I am standing in front of the gate battling with my thoughts. Get out of here—what the hell are you doing here? Are you insane? Since when do you come to men’s houses?
Since now—I answer myself.
I am probably going against every protocol I’ve set for myself—what is wrong with me? Maybe I really was bewitched—with a love portion—or maybe not that.
The line in Pride and Prejudice movie comes to my mind
‘You have bewitched me with your love and I love—love—I love you’
I smile at the thought. Wait what? — love? No that’s way too farfetched for me, my life is way too screwed up to even consider the existence of love. If not then what is this? Charity, I reason with myself, nodding in agreement—my part-time teacher is not feeling well—and he’s a dear friend of my Church’s youth group. I just can’t turn a blind eye when I can help humanity.
Wild throws her hands in the air—this is just so stupid!
The gate opens and I freeze. It all happens so fast that I barely have time to erase the lunatic grin I have on my face at my private joke. My eyes clash with Taylor’s as he steps outside with a refuse bag in his hand.
Oh shoot me now—crap—double crap. Well who cares?
Chagrin is not the best word for what I’m feeling right now. How do you explain showing up in front of someone’s gate with a huge lunch bag during school hours and only to meet the person at home in sweat pants, barefooted and taking his dear trash out. Probably minding his own business and bam—I am on his front door.
I feel heat going to my face. Dear God, this is the best time for the world to end. Anything is welcome at this point—an earthquake, a tornado, a mad cow. Anything to divert Taylor’s eyes from my face.
‘Uh- good morning!’ I stammer concentrating on his eyebrows instead, I can’t survive the ambush of dark brown eyes right now, ‘you look better than I imagined.’
His lips part—surprise? Amusement?—say something damn it! You are the one who gave me the stupid address in the first place, so now here I am.
‘I recover pretty quickly—I have a strong,’ pause, small smile, ‘stamina.’
The word stamina sends heat all over my face—my mind is fragile at this point, I cannot take responsibility for whatever pops into my imagination
‘You should have said so—you sounded like you were in the ICU last night.’
‘Last night.’ His lips twitch, maybe a private joke, and his eyes do a painful slow travel all over my face and that leaves me surprisingly breathless as an impermissible picture pops into my imagination.
‘I was grateful when you called.’ He finishes as if he didn’t just throw my mind’s administrative department into the dust bin.
‘Don’t be—it was all trial and error.’ I say as nonchalantly as I can with a fading tight smile.
His eyes land on my lunch bag, ‘what’s in there?’
I hug my lunch bag closer, ‘lunch!’ I say quickly.
He fully steps outside, brush past me and goes to dump the refuse bag in the bin outside the gate. I just stand there still trying to collect my senses back into place
‘After you!’ I flinch at his quiet voice, I didn’t hear him come back behind me. And this is worse, I can actually feel his body heat radiating to my back—I search an old rusty memory of my high school science lessons for answers.
I hover in front of the gate—wild mind grimaces at me exasperatedly. I lift my right leg first to step into the yard as if I am about to wade into an overflowing river. I am terrified of drowning—there are worse ways to die. I know that with Taylor I am sinking deep at merciless speed and that cannot be a good thing but I can’t seem to help myself out of doing stupid things such as this.
I carefully set my foot inside as if I am afraid of stepping into a landmine, followed by the other one and hooray I am in—why am I celebrating?
I hear the gate closing behind me and I swallow a lump that is stuck in my throat as my eyes scan around.
Just as I expected, pavement, a small narrow flowerbed. Garage, bull dog—deck chairs on the verandah—wait a minute; my eyes rear back at full speed back to the open garage—bull dog? As if the animal senses my internal shriek it locks its eyes on me and snarls exposing sharp teeth.
‘Gah!’ I yelp and run for the gate only to bump into a wall. I fall back and Taylor catches me in time and crushes me back against him.
My senses immediately thaws as I subconsciously inhale him. It wasn’t planned, my face is on his chest after all and the soft cotton of his shirt and he smells—amazing. Like fresh laundry with a spicy tang mixed with body heat.
‘Don’t worry Hunter won’t hurt you if you don’t act suspicious,’ his voice is all but musical as he chuckles. The dog barks and that snaps me out of my impermissible reverie, I turn around to stare at it—Taylor lets me go and draws away from me.
‘I’m always suspicious to dogs.’ I croak.
‘He’s tied down.’
That relieves me a little and I audibly breathe out. Taylor is laughing quietly as he leads me to the front door. 
Inside is warm, opulent and smells incredible. The TV’s on and it’s a news channel—there are three paintings on the walls. The curtains of the sliding doors are drawn open giving a view of the narrow flower bed and the only tree in the yard which I hadn’t noticed before since Hunter freaked me out.
He asks me to sit and I tentatively sink into the nearest couch, close to the door because I may decide to run for it. There is a certain tension in the air vibrating between us and I may need to run before my wild mind takes over the whole scene and I do something stupid. Why am I even here? Obviously my right sense have long lost the battle.
‘Your house is nice.’ I comment, my wild mind rolls her eyes- obviously, ‘you live here alone?’
He glances around the living room, ‘no I live with my cousin sister—she’s currently in Ghana,’ he explains.
‘Oh,’ is all I can say—
‘That must be mine,’ He eyes the lunch bag
I push my glasses over the bridge of my nose, ‘oh-it’s uh—‘I stammer as I stretch the bag to him and he strides across the room to take it, ‘it mabele—the one you eat with milk—its good after food poisoning.’
He smiles, eyes dancing, ‘oh wow—perfect—my cousin knows how to make this and I’ve been miserable over craving for it since she left.’
I am way too relieved that he likes it. Or maybe I like it way too much that his whole face lights up with that smile—I’ll bring him porridge every time I can.
‘Oh that must have been very traumatizing for you.’ I smile back.
His smile falters and he steadies his gaze at me in a way that makes my smile to fall and I blink a couple of times. He seems like he is about to say something then decides against it.
‘You ditched school didn’t you?’
‘oh no.’ I place a hand over my heart because I am currently wondering what the heck is going through his mind and why this large parlor suddenly feel so small and why I feel very vulnerable right now, ‘I didn’t exactly.’ My mind is running all over the place, ‘the first lesson is business ethics anyway.’
‘And your teacher tolerate absence on the register?’
I shrug, ‘I have good reasons—I am doing an ethical deed!’
He raises his eyebrow, ‘accepted standards of social behavior,’ he says it slowly like he is warning me, ‘this has to be acceptable right?’
Why do I feel like I know what he is talking about? I should take the bait and say it right out but I chicken out like the chicken that I am
‘So who food poisoned you?’
He tilts his head to one side and something like a smile is on his face, ‘I drank stale milk.’
I grimace, ‘oh my god—it’s good that you have an incredible stamina.’
He stares at me intensely and my mind runs into full gear trying to figure out what I said to make him look at me like that. And why can’t I look away from his gaze—maybe he really is a vampire—because at this point as seconds tick by and my legs start to twitch—I want to go over to him and be close enough
He breaks the eye contact and abruptly turns to the kitchen
‘I better do justice to this.’
As he disappears into the kitchen I relax into the couch and breathe out slowly. What is wrong with me? I place a shaky hand over my thudding heart and the click of a closing microwave makes me flinch. Why is it still a shock to me that I have no control over what I do when around him? I need to get out of here
‘Can I get you anything? I am not sharing my porridge.’ He is suddenly at the kitchen entrance
I manage a shaky laugh, ‘no I’m fine—I have to hurry back to school’
No—I have to run out of here before I lose my sanity
‘Okay sure.’
I stand up, fixing my tote bag on my shoulder.
‘Thank you for coming to see me.’ He says with a knowing smile.
‘Don’t mention it.’ I say quickly and I jump for the sliding doors. I don’t remember how I should open it because the thing won’t even budge as I try to pull it.
Taylor’s hand appears and easily slides the door open. I turn to thank him and I freeze. I meet dark intense eyes. My rigid body goes limp as I give up trying to listen to my better senses—wild gazes up with her mouth hanging open as if she is watching an alien spaceship as it is landing on the surface of the earth.
I inch closer to him as long fingers slowly come to my face. They feel like electric currents as they trace the contours of my facial features. My cheek bone, jawline and slowly shapes and traces my lower lip and tags at it. Why do that quicken my heart rate? His eyes fall to my lips and his breath hitches. I inch even closer to him and our faces are inches apart— his hand presses on my back and he draws me against him as my own hand reaches to touch his face.
I think he is anticipating my touch as his eyes begin to close a little and his head is dips towards mine. His mouth hovers over mine and I am about to touch his face when in a sudden movement his hand captures mine, opens his eyes wide and put my hand back to my side as he lets me go and draws away from me.
I am more surprised by my action than he is at this moment. He shakes his head at me
‘Heather—we can’t--’ his voice is strained
I’m not sure what my expression is like but I feel washed in rejection—which is completely unreasonable but it’s stabbing me in my chest that he drew away from me.
‘go back to school Heather!” he stares at me, his expression like he just entered into a room and shut the door in my face
‘I’m sorry!’ I manage to whisper before I dash out of the house and then out of the gate. I don’t stop running until I reach the bus stop. There I stop and I steady myself against a road sign pole. I breathe in slowly then I breathe out. What was I thinking? I wasn’t going to stop—I wasn’t going to object—I was going to do anything he asked. Fortunately Taylor had the right senses to rescue the situation—but that only leaves me with a serious dark feeling within me.


Chapter Five
I feel empty. Well, I’m really not sure how I felt. It’s been a week now since the incident at Taylor’s house and I still can’t get myself together. I did the whole reasoning—with—myself—lecture. I wanted to be invisible—and now I am, even to him. Why does that make me want to cry?
Sometimes I feel like I have been cast under a spell and I was just soaking into the soft cloud 9 of dreams, the rag was suddenly pulled from under my feet and I fell back to zero. Back to where I was before, but my world I have come back to is no longer the same. I erased his number from my phone only to realize that the eight digits were already forever stamped to my memory.
Whose fault it is that this kind of terror befalls me? I need someone to blame, someone to crucify.
Taylor keeps his distance from me throughout that week. I only see him in class and I keep my head low like I always do. Invisible, invisible, invisible. Business ethics feels like hell kitchen nowadays.
But because I have twist in my brain or something, I don’t stay in tune with the psychological contract. It’s Thursday after school and I just decide that I need to see his face before I go home. We didn’t have his class today. I fix my tote bag on my shoulder and I chew on my gum slowly as I make my way towards the business and economics staffroom.
I could have a mission impossible theme song blasting in my headsets for more effect but instead I have ‘distance’ by Christina Perri
 The song fits and I do promise to keep my distance after just today. My sneakers halt at the pavement outside the small trailer windows as I try to see through the barely open shutters. I can see the fluorescent’s soft light glow inside. The desks and chairs are empty, most teachers have already left or are in a meeting somewhere.
I sigh in disappointment as I decide that there is no one around. Well I will try to look up in class tomorrow.
I usually keep my head down because I don’t want to meet his eyes by accident and remember that almost kiss. That afternoon will hunt me for the rest of my life.
I heave another sigh and turn to leave and start when my eyes land on him. He is walking this way chatting easily with Mrs. Sephutho, the accounts teacher.
Mrs. Sephutho is saying something and Taylor is chuckling softly, his hands in his pockets and eyes fixed on his shoes.
I take my precious seconds to admire him from where I am standing. He is not wearing a tie and his blue shirt is rolled at the sleeves. The song in my ears starts again because I put it on repeat, because I thought it would be romantic to hear the words while I see him from afar.
This is the correct definition of insanity. Maybe I am obsessed. My heart starts to thud loudly—since when did I start to follow men around like this? I should remember where I am coming from—I shouldn’t be doing this—I did screw up in my life along the way but I was raised better than this.
The self-lecture works because I suddenly feel sick to my stomach. I wretch the headsets from my ears and stuff them in my pocket. I feel so sick to the point of nausea. I adjust my tote bag and I turn to leave the other way.
Maybe I should just bunk business ethics. No—father would kill me and toss my body at the quarry.
‘Heather!’
I stop dead in my tracks. I should pretend that I am not Heather or that I did not hear her, but my legs decide to halt and wait for the disaster to happen.
‘Heather!’
I inhale and turn to look at the woman. Mrs. Sephutho is wearing a warm smile as she regards me. The woman likes me and I still can’t figure out why. Taylor looks at me impassively and I flash a tight smile at both of them
‘Mrs. Sephutho!’
She comes to stand in front of me and Taylor remains in the background.
‘Are you going home already?’
I nod,’ yes.’
‘Did you want someone in the staff room?’
‘Yes—but it seems all lecturers are out.’
‘The meeting just ended—who did you want to see?’
I blink at her and I try hard not to glance at Taylor but fail because my eyes fall on him and his lips part in surprise I think. Heat floods all over my face
‘I will see him—I mean her tomorrow.’ I say quickly
‘Do you have time? I have a student who needs tutoring and I am swarmed with work.’
I shake my head, ‘I’m afraid I have to rush home today.’
‘Oh? Okay—go home safely!’
I nod quickly, ‘yes, you too Mrs. Sephutho.’
‘Thanks but we are here for another three hours at least.’
With another jerky nod I rush past her and after a quick formal greeting with Taylor I rush to the safety of the corridors.
I groan as I exit the school gate minutes later a few people look at me strangely.
They can look all they want. I have bigger problems to worry about right now—he didn’t know I came to see him did he?
I don’t want to seem like a stalker. Okay—correction, I did act like a stalker but I decided against the path in the end and he was suddenly there—so I can’t be blamed for this small incident.
But it wouldn’t have happened if you hadn’t showed up at the staff room. Wild raises her eyebrow at me. The tyrant.
I walk past the college sign post and I am about to cross to the bus stop when a car speedily comes and halts in front of me
My mouth is hung open as Taylor rolls down his window.
‘Get in.’
I blink at him, ‘why- what?’
‘Get in—I will give you a ride home.’
I shake my head vigorously, ‘no I am fine—I have taxi money.’ 
He sighs and fixes his hard stare at me, ‘get in—I need to talk to you.’
I don’t move. 
‘Heather!’
Students and pedestrians begin to look our way curiously and suspiciously and that makes me even more rigid.
‘No!’ I say and I move back from his car.
‘No? What’s the point of refusing when you are going to come looking for me at the staffroom?’
My mouth drops open, the arrogant – I’ve already given up that course so I can’t be charged with it—I want to yell.
‘I wasn’t looking for you.’
He scoffs, ‘yeah right!’
Is he so confident of himself? The cocky son of –
‘Get in the car—do you want a scene?’
With a huff walk to the passenger door and get in the car. Not because he doesn’t look like he is going to leave me be—but because he is acting so sure of himself and I have just made it my life mission to set that record straight.
As soon as I close the door he steps on the accelerator and takes off. 
I turn to look at him, ‘okay what?’
‘Why are you so annoyed?’
‘Why shouldn’t I be annoyed? You accused me of stalking you.’
He sighs as he slows down when the car comes to a four way robot intersection.
‘I’m sorry about what happened at my house last time.’ He begins, my face heats at the memory, ‘I crossed the line with you.’
I want to scoff—he crossed the line since the first day he met me
‘Let’s forget that ever happened.’
‘Your point?’ I snap.
He sighs, ‘I am not good for you Heather—I don’t see nice girls like you.’
He thinks I am a nice girl? Wild grimaces, he doesn’t know anything at all. But of course that’s not the point here—but I do beg to differ
‘Taylor—‘
‘just stop—I shouldn’t have made a move on you in the first place—I should have known better—stop looking at me and just focus on your studies okay.’
I don’t know what to do with myself but I just manage to gape at him. As if I already didn’t know from the beginning that I was never in his league. Maybe I hadn’t taken it seriously and that is why we are here at this moment having this conversation. And why does he have to turn into a parent on me? 
‘Stop the car.’
‘I said I will take you home and that’s what I am doing.’
‘If you want me to stop looking at you –you have to start from right now.’ 
A long pause and he pulls the car over. Without a glance at him I pull my tote bag and leave the car. I fight the urge to glance back at him as his car drive past me. When he turns into an intersection I stop near a street light and I lean on it.
Another week passes. I am standing in front of the mirror running a comb in my shoulder length hair that took half of my life time to grow. Is it insane that I am thinking of the day last week that I was stalking Taylor? As I remember that I chuckle under my breath.
‘What are you laughing to yourself about?’ Judith enters my room and throws herself on my bed.
I turn from the mirror to face her, ‘Judith—you’re late.’
‘My boss must have been having PMS today because she was a pain in the neck.’ Judith rolls her eyes the grins, ‘you look great—you should dress like this more often—you are a very beautiful girl,’
I don’t have the fake glasses on and I did put on a fitting cocktail dress and wedges. Judith already knows about Charles of course but not all the details. She likes him a lot, she approves of him by many standards.
‘Thanks—and decent too I hope.’
‘Charles is going to have a heart attack when he sees you.’
Wouldn’t that be liberating? Wild pulls a devilish grin. It’s our first date and I am dreading it. The sooner I get it over with the better.
‘So where is he taking you?’
‘I have no idea’
‘Details later—all of them.’
I shrug. For all I know there won’t be much to tell—the times Charles come home to ‘see me’ as he so declares—it feels like I’m talking to an older relative. He is a nice person but I just--- what am I thinking? I can’t dwell on those thoughts. What I felt for Taylor was crush, and the way my thoughts and heart races around him is called obsession. With Charles I can take hold of everything within me. My mental health is perfectly safe with him
That’s how it’s supposed to be right? Yes—I’ve been in a relationship before and it never felt like that. But that is a wrong thought because it brings the memory of my murdered boyfriend back into my mind and I feel an old ancient ache deep inside my heart. What is weird is that it’s not that I miss him—it’s just that I feel guilty that they all died and I didn’t. I hid away and watched my friends and boyfriend being murdered. I should have done something—I could have done something.
How could I be here worrying about my feelings for people? I don’t even deserve to live.
‘Heather what’s wrong?’ Judith’s concerned voice snaps me back to the present and I see my reflection in the mirror. The look on my face is horrifying. I look like I have aged. I shake my head and breathe in and out—in and out.
I clear my throat, ‘just nervous about the date I suppose.’
‘Ah—why would you be nervous about that?—I wish I can also find my match made from heaven.’
I want to laugh hysterically at that but I hold it. I dab lipstick and nod approvingly at the mirror. As far as I am concerned, Heather died that night—I don’t know who this girl is—or why I am living her life for her. I used to dress up and socialize. I used to be bright and outgoing. I had life plans and dreams. I had daily goals and normal human problems and then it was all over.
Charles meets me outside the gate with a wide smile
‘You look beautiful—you are beautiful.’ He says as he opens the car door for me
‘Thank you.’ I say quietly as I slip into the seat.
It turns out that Charles is taking me to a fancy restaurant after all. I took my arm with his as we enter to find a table. I plaster a smile at something Charles is saying though I have no idea what he said.’
The waitress leads us to our table and was eat down, Charles says he’ll have a coke, I say water—I need water, I’m suddenly so thirsty. A lump is in my throat and I have to force it down.
Minutes later, the waitress returns with our beverages and menus.
‘How are you classes?’ he begins with the everyday anthem. And it’s getting old
‘They are okay—how is your business?’ I sip my water.
‘Our business.’ He corrects as always. ‘It’s doing great. I will take you on a tour very soon.’
By very soon he means when we are married and I will be Mrs. Charles. It’s a dreadful imagination. I just smile and I say nothing. Wild mind is sitting on a rag near a fire place with giant mug of hot chocolate her puffy eyes glued to the TV screen as Titanic’s final tip is drowning into the freezing indigo sea. I fell so sad—
‘I have picked a date for us to visit my parents.’
Wild drops her mud on the floor and it shutter into a thousand pieces. I open my mouth and close it again before I say, ‘so soon?’
‘Why wait? I have come to believe now that we are very compatible and you are right for me. I don’t see the reason for waiting.’
His words do nothing to me. They are supposed to be romantic right? But they are not. Not in my ears. He feels like the second lead in a long Korean drama who can’t get the girl. You know, the second lead character who you end up liking because he is also good looking and seems to like the lead female character better than the first male character. Yeah I will need a Korean Drama marathon after this.
‘They will love you just as I love you.’
I fell nauseous. Love? I don’t know how to love anyone anymore—I ‘m not even sure I am really living most of the time. Love is like talking about buying a land in mars. Tailor’s face comes into my mind—crush—it’s a crush—I don’t love Taylor—heck I don’t even like myself how can I possibly love another human being?
The waitress returns to take our orders, saving me from responding to Charles’ declaration of love. 
No I am not marrying anyone. It means I will have to have children. The thought of it makes me shudder. How am I supposed to take care or raise another human being when I sometimes feel like my chromosomes could be misshaped somehow?
I keep the conversation on him all through dinner and its over quickly. Soon he drops me off at my house after a peck on my cheek. I sigh in relief as his car drive away. Whatever it takes—I must get out of this.
Two weeks have passed now, I am still tremendously affected by my brief and chaotic date with Charles and heinous images that come to my mind and now my nightmares whenever I think of marriage and children. It’s a Friday and I am standing at the bus stop waiting for a taxi my tote bag in front of me and a small umbrella covering me. It’s raining hard with thunder and lightning. I hate thunder. Most people remained in the school buildings to wait for the rain to ease a little but I just want to go home. No reason I just want to go.
Must everything have a reason?
Something tags my umbrella backwards and cold water droplets hit my face. It’s not even windy—so what the hell—I turn around, maybe my umbrella stuck on something or someone.
I am as furious as I turn around and my eyes lock with Collin’s teasing gaze
‘What’s your problem? I retort
‘Whoa, she is tough isn’t she?’ a voice drawls at my right hand side and another guy materializes from the heavy misty rain. They are both soaking wet in the rain and are hovering over me.
‘What are you doing?’
Collins barks a stupid laugh and I have no idea what’s so funny because the other lunatic joins him.
‘She will do Collins,’ the lunatic says, ‘she is tough enough for this—good choice.’
‘Stay away from me.’
‘Be polite please little lady,’ lunatic comes close, invading my personal space.
‘Get away from me.’ I stretch my hand to push him away and my wrist is grabbed immediately. I growl furiously at such unwanted contact—
‘Let me go!’ I screech. My umbrella is suddenly gone, rain water is pouring down on me. Soaking me wet. My other wrist is grabbed and I am being pulled.
I scream—its pouring hard, my small umbrella falls on the ground of the bus stop and I am being pulled to the woods behind the bus stop.
Panic now sets in—Collins keeps laughing—is he on drugs or something?
‘Come on.’ The other guy snarls as he keeps on pulling me with him. I keep struggling and I feel someone yank my wet hair and tilting my head to face upwards. I cry from the pain.
I am finally pulled into the woods ad Lunatic shoves me forward, I lose my balance and I fall on the ground on my back, the tote bag lands on my belly.
‘You seem tough—that’s good because if you are going to work for me you will need to be.’ Collins announces looking down at me.
‘Are you crazy?’ I screech, my whole body shaking from cold and anger
‘You need to teach the new slave some manners.’ Lunatic growls.
Collins holds up his hand, ‘it’s your choice Heather—we can be friends or master and slave and personally I prefer the later.’
I glare at him and I use my elbows and legs to get up from the muddy ground. I stand erect, Collins grabs arms and pushes me against a tree. Rain washes from the leaves and comes down on us. The cold water makes me wince but Collins doesn’t seem to care. Either he’s on drugs or I am having a freaking nightmare.
I stomp on his left foot, he curses but doesn’t let me go.
‘You little bitch!’ he growls and yanks at my hair
Oh for crying out loud for a guy with dread locks does he not have respect for hair?
‘You will pay for that.’
‘Let go of me!” I scream again and I see his hand arc towards my face but pauses midair. Even in the pouring rain, everything is quiet for a moment and we all hear someone shouting. Lunatic looks around frantically before he dashes into the woods and runs away. Collins let me go and also run. 
My knees give out and I land on the ground, slumping against the tree trunk. The rain is pouring hard on me—in my peripheral vision I see a man run through the trees distance away, I try to call him but my voice is too thick from shock and the cold rain. He vanishes in the trees.
Thunder rumbles loudly and lightning flashes across the sky. I begin to sob loudly—I don’t know for how long before I crawl toward my tote bag lying on the muddy ground.
I finally figure out that I need to call someone. It takes me a precious minutes before my almost frozen fingers are able to open the zip and I am surprised to find that inside is quiet dry. They weren’t kidding when they said that the bag is waterproof.
I find the small inner pocket where my phone is. Thankfully the rain has eased a little, maybe I can operate my phone without killing it.
My backlight turns on—my vision is beginning to blur and I think my head is spinning and the letters are doubling on the screen. I can’t even find the contacts icon.
I decide to dial a number but my memory doesn’t seem to get the numbers right. So I punch in the number that comes precisely to my mind at the moment. The only number that never seems to falter even at a moment like this. 
I press dial and he answers on the second ring.
‘Heather!’
He still has number?
‘Taylor.’ I manage to speak loudly and the effort sends a jolt of pain inside my chest.
‘Heather? What’s wrong with your voice?’
‘I—I—’ my teeth begin to clutter together from the cold and I press my lips together before I am able to speak again, ‘Taylor.’ Great even my voice is fading now
‘Heather—are you there?’
I try to speak again but my strength leaves me and my hand numbs, and falls on the ground, still holding the phone. My eyes are closing on their own accord.
Maybe this is the way I will die after all. Cold and in pain in the middle of the woods. They will probably find my body after two weeks—if I am not that far from the road of course.
I stop fighting to stay awake and I close my eyes. I am going into a deep sleep—I may never wake up from. 


Chapter Six

I wish I wake up in that amnesia state where I don’t really remember where I am or how I got here but I am completely sane when I open my eyes. I know exactly where I am—I remember Taylor coming from the trees, soaked and wet from the rain. I recall clinging to him and begging him not to take me to a hospital or to my house and crying while doing it. I recall the look on his face at my odd request and I was very surprised when he complied with it. I don’t remember anything else after that.
Except when I think he was tucking me into bed and I whispered that he had the most beautiful voice I have ever heard.
I cringe—I actually said that? Oh hell it’s not as if I was drunk for crying out loud. Well I was a little—if not a lot delirious—I think defensively
I sit up in the bed—okay so before I get out of this bed I verify just what kind of situation I am in. I need to interview my own senses.
First and for most—why did I call Taylor? My mind gives an automatic response—wild is sitting on a lounge chair wearing a facial mask and has rollers in her hair—that’s the only number you could remember. 
Well the police, ambulance and other emergency numbers are three digits—but I forgot them all and remembered eight? 
Okay—two—what should I do when I get out of bed? Should I just thank him or apologize? Why should I apologize? Because I feel guilty. The man has been keeping his distance from me and even tried to have a reasonable conversation with me about it and now here I am in his house—in his bed—I put my head in my hands and groan—this is so embarrassing—take me now!
Or I can just play the sympathy card. I was scared and wet and hurt and you were the closest person around whom I could trust. You are a good person who truly cares about people. I scoff and chuckle—no—Taylor is not in that category. The guy chased after me and then pushed me away, serves him right that I load all my problems on to him
Or maybe I can just be honest—I could have called the police or the ambulance but the thing is I wouldn’t have described exactly where I was and the entire city if not country would have known that they are looking for me and my status of invisibility would have been doomed.
Speaking of which—how did Taylor find me? I try to think of the how and I find no breakthrough so I choose the sympathy card among all my options.
Yes, yes sympathy card it is.’
I slide off the bed, taking the room quickly. White bedding. A yellow couch, nice carpet print. It’s so opulent and sterile here. A floral scent of something like clean laundry and spicy scent is everywhere. I recognize that natural soothing scent. It’s all Taylor.
The rug is soft under my feet as I approach the door. There is no getting out of this—but at least I am alive. I will worry about the rest later—right now I need to clear immediate problem number one.
I open the door and peer into a dark passage. I gulp before proceeding down the passage. I pass other rooms and an alcove which leads to another door.
The smell of food takes my mind away from studying the house. I’m not sure what it is—but anyone can recognize the smell of food. Oil, spice, onions—coffee?
He is obviously in the kitchen. I come into the lounge. The only room I am familiar with here. I stop in the middle of the room—what shall I say first?
Wild mind raises her eyebrows at me—of course.
Good morning Taylor—I’m sorry I bothered you like this and thank you for doing this for me—I owe you—
Yeah let’s start from there. I inhale—the scientific scheme for calming nerves. Is it really scientific or medical?
Don’t be a coward—I tell myself. All I need to do is to walk in there, be diplomatic, thankful and straightforward. It’s done, then I can go on to solve other bigger problems—because I do have them.
I breathe out and enter the kitchen with a confidence I do not feel. I have to be nonchalant or I will die from embarrassment when those thugs couldn’t kill me. Or before father himself kills me—because he will if I do not convince him that I was really attacked by two college kids and refused to go to the police about it,
Whether I survive this or not I am still screwed.
I raise my eyes and there he is. He is washing something by the sink, his back at me. My mouth drops open, eyes widening—not because he’s wearing pajama pants and a t-shirt making nightwear seem so interesting—but because he is humming to himself absently.
He has such a beautiful voice—angelic and soothing. These are the voices that are there to make music alive real and desirable.
He turns off the tap and turns—I am so lost in my reverie that I startle when dark brown eyes land on me. My breath gets caught in my throat, but instead of saying good morning I say;
‘You have such a beautiful voice.’ Wild looks at me funny, ‘I mean—good morning.’ I stammer and getting ready to plunge into my plan, ‘I-’
He walks to me, two long strides and his palms are pressed at either side of my face. My brain erase all information I was about to say and the words which were bubbling on my lips only seconds ago.
‘How do you feel?’ he manage to look so concerned for a moment I almost believe that I am dear close to his heart. ‘Do you hurt anywhere?’
I manage to shake my head. His eyes linger on my face a little longer then I think he looks relieved and he removes his hands from my face and rest gently on my shoulders. This was not part of my plan.
‘Are you okay?’ he asks again. Why should I not be okay?—I have a flashback of Collins and Lunatic in the woods—oh yes, I should not be okay—I should be traumatized right? But I don’t feel traumatized- just- nothing. I scowl at this.
‘Heather!’ he prods
‘I’m fine.’ My voice is calm—maybe I can no longer be traumatized, -- I am that screwed up.
He nods thoughtfully—letting it go for now. ‘Come sit and eat.’ He moves to the counter.
It takes me sixty seconds to collect myself and I shake my head, ‘I can’t.’ My reasoning is coming back to me, ‘I need to call home.’
‘Already done!”
I feel blood drain from my face. I can just imagine father answering my call and hearing a male voice behind it.
‘You what?’ 
‘Your phone died—I don’t have any of your family’s contacts so I called Judith—and she said she will take care of everything you just recover.’ Taylor scowls at me questionably as he speaks.
Judith knows that my family become a pack of wolves if I ever do something like this—wild rolls her eyes—something like almost being murdered in the woods and being rescued by your tutor?
I nod at his unspoken question, ‘my father will be furious more than worried.’ Is my simple explanation.
‘okay—so now eat something—your mostly angry but not worried father thinks you are at Judith’s house—the rain was furious yesterday.’
I feel a lump in my throat. I won’t be able to say anything at this point so I just sit quietly at the breakfast bar as he does the whole breakfast thing.
In the silence and the sound of kitchen utensils it happens. Screams, cries of agony—the rippling sound of a river- lifeless eyes staring back at me—my own scream.
Maybe I was a little bit asleep earlier because at this moment I feel the heavy feeling come upon me. The agonizing giant wrapping around me and forcing tears to well in my eyes
The first initial thing I feel is shock, as I replay the scenes, the second feeling is fear—the kind of fear which is mixed with relief of a rescue that arrived just in time. Maybe they were a part of those people and came back to finally kill me.
And after all that, I feel angry. The kind of anger that makes my body to shiver as it lands its spaceship in my territory.
But that is not enough. I am back at that river again and I hear my own scream.
‘Heather!’ a distant voice. Pretty freaked out person calling my name. Beyond that voice someone is sobbing loudly with difficulty in breathing. I am being shaken and that’s when I am pulled out of my trance and my eyes meet Taylor’s. He is holding my face with both his hands—he looks so frightened—and then I realize that the one sobbing and breathing hard is me. Hot tears spill out of my eyes
Taylor pulls me into his arms. A fresh spasm of that heavy feeling washes over me—I am crying like I cried two years ago—only then I had my arms wrapped around a pillow inside a cell and my tears were that of a villain not a victim.
I grip fistfuls of his shirt and rest my forehead on his chest. He’s rocking me back at forth and his hand is hand is rubbing into my hair.
I feel the world spinning and I shut my eyes and exhaustion and darkness envelops me.
When I open my eyes, the first thing I see is Taylor’s anxious gaze.
‘I’m fine,’ I clear my clogged throat
‘You are not fine Heather. ‘He says slowly as if he just had an emotional rollercoaster of his own. Of course anyone would go into shock if they ever experience my flashback fits. I really didn’t think it would happen in front of him—it hadn’t happened in a while, what I experienced yesterday probably triggered it.
‘Initially I am not,’ I say with a sigh, ‘probably never will be—but I am fine now.’
In other words, whatever is wrong with me has eluded all named solutions and they all gave up therapists and counseling and settled into making me a church goer until maybe God decides to turn his eyes on to me. But He probably won’t—my friends died because of me—I could never forgive myself, why would He forgive me?
‘That doesn’t make any sense.’
I snort, he looks at me strangely—he doesn’t know why that is funny.
‘Sense is not something that exists in my lifetime.’
‘I can agree.’ His voice is thick—oh boy I probably freaked the guy out he looks like he is having trouble collecting himself right now, ‘I’m sorry to have to load this on you—but your number was the only one I can remember.’
He looks shocked or even close to angry, ‘how can you worry about that?’ he snaps, ‘what happened to you?’
The million dollar question. I only stare at him but I don’t see him because I am still trying to figure out why Collins and his friend attacked me.
‘Why did you refuse to call the police or go to the hospital?’
‘That would have complicated everything.’ My voice suddenly rise
‘Are you in some kind of trouble?’ he narrows his eyes—like he just can’t believe that I could be at the wrong side of the law. Do I look that innocent?
I sit up on the bed and I hug my knees, ‘I really don’t want to discuss this.’
‘Heather!”
You dragged him into al this so you owe him an explanation—wild raises her eyebrows at me—and he also had to deal with your flash backs—the man could have ran away or experienced a heart attack because of you.
‘I really don’t know what happened—I’m not sure if they wanted to kill me or rob me but they ran away before I could actually figure it out.’
‘I don’t understand.’ Taylor says with a shake of his head.
I look at him, ‘I was attacked but I don’t know the reason.’
He still look confused, ‘did you see the people?’
‘Yes it was Collins and the other guy is a new face.’
‘Collins!’ Taylor grinds his teeth as he sits up and is very close to me. Why should that bother me in a moment like this? ‘What did he do?’
‘nothing really, they dragged me into the woods and they were saying things I don’t understand—I think they were on drugs or something—he kept calling me his slave.’ My voice quietens at the last word
Slave! I have heard that word before in similar situations. The revelation makes me shudder.
‘I have to go home.’ I say quietly and Taylor grips my arms and turns my body to face him
‘You are not going anywhere in this condition!’
‘Condition?’
‘You need to report this—there have been suspects involved in drug trafficking and Collins is one of them.’
‘no.’ I say sharply, ‘I am not dealing with the police.’
‘Why?’
‘They never solve anything—they will have the whole thing backwards.’ I am shouting, ‘I can go through that again—I just want to go home and forget this ever happened,’
Why is he looking at me like that?
‘What do you mean you can’t go through this again?’ Taylor hold my gaze
I want to groan—crap that slipped out.
‘That—‘I only say and my voice grows quiet.
‘Heather!’
I start to panic. I left the country because I knew that the record I had will forever follow me around. I came here to try to start afresh—I can’t talk about that.
‘Please tell me.’
‘No!’
‘Why don’t you want to report what happened?’
Tears fall from my eyes. I don’t even know him why should I tell him something like that? Because he will force me to go to the authorities in the end and they will see my record and it will fall on me again. Father will kill me and bury me six feet.
I was more afraid that he will also not believe what I tell him—but either way I am screwed. I look at him through my tears. He is not backing down until I tell him something. I should have just called an ambulance and feigned a slip and fall accident. Now what have I gotten myself into
‘Fine.’
‘Heather—I just want to understand—I don’t want to harm you.’
But he will hurt me at the end of it all. There is no two ways about it. I could try to run but that bulldog of his will eat me if I leave suddenly and then I will just be acting like a real fugitive.
‘Two years ago.’ My mind fully goes to that long dreaded memory, ‘I was in my last year of college.’ Pause, deep inhale of breath, ‘we were to graduate in one month time so we decided to take a little camping vacation. Rumbi, Violet, Casper, Stephan and I 
I remember that tour like it was yesterday. Winter had just ended and spring had set it with all the flowering and green trees. I am in the front seat, in charge on the radio and music. I happen to be a western culture fanatic as Rumbi my best friend would put it. So I decide that the best song for such a lovely drive under the warm weather is ‘crazy faith’ by John Waller. Stephan happens to like the song as well and sings along with me. 
‘Are we there yet?’ Casper shouts above the music from the back seat. I shift in my seat to look at him, Rumbi and Violet are grinning at whatever they are looking at on their phones
‘Still too far—you can as well sleep.’ I yell above the music
‘You are not the driver!’ Casper says, ‘you don’t even know where we are going.’
I purse my lips and turn away from him
‘Stephan where are we going?’
‘I’m not telling you it’s a surprise.’ He says his eyes on the road.
I pout. ‘I hate surprises—you of all people know that—how could you do this to me?’ I fold my arms.
His lips pull into a half smile, ‘because I love you and seeing you all worked up is kind of sexy.’
I scoff, ‘I should be enraged.’
He glances at me briefly, ‘Heather put your seat belt on.’ He looks annoyed for a moment. Stephan is the ultimate nerd and is always careful about everything. I shift to the edge of my seat and lean forward to kiss his cheek. He casts a disapproving glance at me but then smiles
‘Please put on your seat belt.’
I smile back at him and then start putting my seat belt in place.
Three hours later we arrived at the camping site. I jumped and screamed when I saw it. This has been a place I had wanted to visit for a long time. I even had pictures of this place in my dorm room and in my book.
The hill has so much historical significance and I happened to be head over hills with hiking.
‘Yes. We love you too!” Casper rolls his eyes when my screaming subsides.
‘Do you have a death wish?’ Stephan sneers at him. Casper laughs.
I wrap my arms around his waist a look up at him, ‘thank you.’
‘Still don’t like surprises?’
‘I still hate surprises—I like to plan ahead—and make sure I don’t have to end up in the best hiking spot in the country without my hiking shoes!’
‘Don’t worry about all that—just get ready to enjoy the stay.’
‘Hey anyone has any idea how to set this up?’ Violet yells.
We all turn to look at her. She holding the tents and stuff.
‘Why did you bring all this? It’s warm and spring we sleep under the stars.’ Rumbi gestured into space, ‘pack that away.’
‘I am not sleeping out here with all the snakes and creatures roaming about this place.
I laugh. It took a great deal of time to convince Violet to come for the trip. She was a writer with a grueling imagination.
‘I will help.’ I walk to her, ‘there should be a manual.’
We start working on setting up the tents. Stephan and Casper start building the fire. Rumbi is going through the food boxes and cooler boxes.
‘Who brought ice-cream to a camping trip?’ She wears a scandalized face
‘Don’t touch that.’ Casper looks up from where he is setting up the wood with Stephan
‘Ah seriously!’ Rumbi is seriously aggravated
‘I think it’s cute,’ violet who has a long crush on Casper bites her lip trying not to laugh
‘I think he could have added more drinks in the space where he put the large can of ice-cream.
Violet shakes her head, ‘ice-cream in a treat.’
‘Why would I even try to dispute with you—you approve of anything Casper does?’
‘Because I am also reasonable.’
I smile, ‘did you really write a character like him in your last book?’
Violet shrugs, ‘the last character I wrote is a powerful king with a weakness of loneliness.’
I burst out laughing, ‘Violet—that’s crazy.’
‘What? I don’t think I’m wrong when I feel like he is lonely without me.’
We laugh together as we go over the details of her last book. Violet is a talented story teller and I started reading novels when I ready hers first.
Later in the evening we are sitting around the large fire and after funny loud conversations and everyone is ready to sleep and rest
Casper says, ‘guys—do any of you have plans after graduation?”
I groan, ‘no talks about life during a vacation.’ I whine sleepily
‘I‘m going to be a writer,’ violet states empathetically, ‘or a journalist.’
‘Why did you even go to business school?’ Rumbi raises an eye brow—she is the one who always reasons with everything. 
‘My mother refused to send me to a writing school she said that it has not future.’
‘I’m leaving the country,’ Casper says, ‘maybe I will figure out what to do when I get there.’
‘Where are you going?’ violet asks.
‘I don’t know yet.’
‘Ah seriously.’ Rumbi mumbles and I laugh.
‘What about you Stephan?’ Casper asks
Stephan shrugs and takes my hand, ‘I will marry her,’ was always his answer
And everyone grumbles, ah seriously what s is wrong with you like always.
I laugh.
‘Seriously you guys.’ Rumbi says with a tired sigh, ‘you are so sickening sometimes—are all couples like you?’
‘All couples should be!’ violet says
We chat on and on until the early hours of the morning. We all sleep until midday where we finally emerge from our tents and get ready for the hike.
I am so excited I can barely stop jumping up and down. The feeling of being at the mountain top was liberating. I remember spreading my arms wide and unashamed under the bay blue sky and blazing sun.it was also exhilarating after the stressful months of exams and trying to figure out what to do with my life.
But I had the faith that God would show me the way to go soon and I was not worried.
‘There is something I have to tell you.’ Stephan said to me that night as we sat by the fire before retreating to bed. I had a feeling that it was something very heavy, judging by the expression on his face but I was not worried about anything that would turn out to be horrendous.
‘Okay.’
‘I really care about you Heather!’ he said sincerely and I believed him every second.
It was that night that the horror took place. Luckily I had slipped out of the tent to relieve my pressing bladder and when I was returning I was stopped by the blood curdling screams that tore through the thick forest. I remember hiding behind a thick shrub with a hand over my mouth. I could hear whatever they were saying and they were calling my name. I could not move until they left. When I managed to make my legs work I ran blindly through the woods until I stumbled by the river.
What I saw floating on the water will forever hunt my memory. Stephan floated looking peaceful but I knew that he was gone. I sank to my knees and my scream tore through the trees.
I surprisingly don’t feel heavy at the end of the story. I had only ever remembered the last horrifying part—I had forgotten the feel of the sun and the hike that day and the laughter of my friends had been replaced by their agonizing screams. The whole vacation had been erased after all the police interrogations and Alex’s evil smile.
Taylor’s palm cups my face and he brushed his thump on my cheek as he wipe the tears there.
‘What happened at the police station after they put you in a cell?’
I shake my head, ‘Alex came forward.’ My voice broke, ‘I was so shocked to see the same man who has killed my friends right before my eyes all clean and seeming respectable. I couldn’t scream or yell—I was drained and in shock. I thought that this is it—he has come to finish me off. When he stepped into the cell I just stared at him, waiting for the end to come. He looked at me for a long moment and the words he said—will forever hunt me.’
He took off his jacket and wore it on my shoulders before he stepped away from me and sat on the filthy cell bed. He crossed his leg on top of the other and smiled.
‘I am going to take you home.’
I kept my gaze down and said nothing
‘Let’s make this simple—you sign an NDA and go along with my story and you can get out of here. You can go on with your life.’
I look up at him and gave him a blank stare, ‘just kill me.’ I whisper
‘no—I have no grudge with you—but your friends had grudges with me—you juts associated with the wrong people—you are innocent and I don’t spill innocent blood—I am an avenger and you are not in the hit list—even though I should just kill you for witnessing it I decided to silence you, I don’t want to kill you--- yet.’
‘You are crazy,’ I whisper, ‘you are crazy.’
He clucks his tongue, ‘look at you—you look like you are mad; maybe the mad house could be conducive for you.’
I didn’t care. The pain I felt in my heart was beyond any filthy place I could ever land in
‘Are you going to sign it?’
‘G go to hell.’ I yell, surprising both of us, ‘just go to hell and leave me alone.’
‘Ah hell.’ He grins, ‘that’s where your friends are you know?’
I yank his jacket off and throw it at him, ‘if you don’t kill me—I will kill you,’
He threw his head back and laughed, ‘oh I love the feisty ones—listen honey I am being nice to you and I rarely ever do nice—did you really even knew your little boyfriend? Or your friends for that matter?—let me summarise it for you, Stephan worked for me-- Violet was an investigative reporter under cover after Stephan. Casper and Rumbi were with violet.’
‘You are lying.’
‘There are events you are not aware of around you little girl—and what a nice girl you are—and you had to associate with a criminal like Stephan.’
I felt disgusted that a part of me kind of believed him. Why? 
‘And you don’t need to know all that—just sign the agreement and you can live your life peacefully.’
‘I don’t think so—why don’t you want to kill me?’
He smiles. ‘You are smart as well I see—well it’s expected, you are your father’s daughter after all.’
I start, ‘how do you know my father?’
He grins, ‘oh I can’t tell you that—but I can say that not killing you was also partly because of him—we don’t poke bees that we can’t handle and you are it.’
I manage to get shocked even in the middle of my current shock. I lived with my relatives and moved to college. I have never really seen my father for many years expect speak to him on social media. He did take care of my tuition and monetary needs but I have never really seen him that much. I didn’t know anything about him
‘And if you refuse to sign—he will—the consent will still be valid to me and my organization.’
I don’t say anything as he get up and leaves the cell. The cell door shuts and he turns to flash and evil grin at me before she gracefully strides out of sight.
‘So you signed it?’
‘No,’ I say with tears afresh in my eyes, ‘father signed it’
He is visibly shocked
‘And he came and took me here with him. I wasn’t not myself for six months—we tried therapists, doctors, couselling—I just couldn’t recover. Until a year ago when I found Pastor Luke’s church. It does make me feel better an di could start living again but I am still not alright I will never be,’
‘You can—you fought through the first phase.’
I shake my head, ‘no—did not you see the way I reacted after yesterday? I hadn’t had flash backs that violent for the past six months. I think I was actually beginning to feel things that I had never felt for six months.’
I scowl at him in thought, it’s amazing right now to realize that I had changed a bit after I ran into Taylor. I worried about things that I normally didn’t. I thought of other things other than the horrors of my life.
He takes both my hands in his and looks me in the eye, ‘listen to me—what happened to your friends was terrible and you couldn’t have done anything to stop it.’
‘But I still didn’t justify their deaths by signing that document—I didn’t even want to find out the truth behind what I heard about them.’
‘Your father signed it and some things are better not to find out.’
I shake my head, ‘how can you believe everything I have said—what if I lied,’
‘You didn’t lie.’
‘How can you tell?’
‘I can tell—I know what you are going through.’ He manage to look so sincere I almost believe him.
‘No you don’t!’
‘I do.’ He whispers. ‘And I know why you felt better when you joined the church.’
I search his eyes, he means it. 
I tag my hands from his and get off the bed. I am standing in the middle of the room glaring at him 
‘are you trying to tell me that I found healing in the church?’ my voice in normal, I am so shocked—but I shouldn’t be really—I’ve just shared the most painful experience of my life and he thinks I was healed by God? – I’ve heard all that before and I’ve been trying to accept it but I just can’t. My pain is still there—I still mourn—I still have no hope—all His promises eludes me.
‘yet if I speak, my pain is not relieved; and if I refrain, it does not go away,’ I quote the only verse that ever made sense and felt like had some sense of truth in it for the past two years.
‘The lord works in mysterious ways!’
I laugh for the first time in hours, ‘I’ve heard that too.’
He shakes his head, ‘I believe we met for a reason.—there must be a reason why we feel the way we do about each other.’
My mouth open and close. What is he talking about now? I immediately remember the words he said to me that day in the car. Those words hunted me for weeks and nearly made me cry because I was trying to get over my obsession with him.
‘I don’t feel anything for you.’ I say slowly shaking my head
‘I can argue that point.’
‘You said that you are not good for me—and I will never feel anything for anyone again.’
Wild appears and laughs loudly at my blatant lie. I had sworn I will never feel anything for anyone until I met Taylor.
‘I only said that because I knew I was not going to just fool around with you and leave—my feelings for you are too overwhelming—I could never deliberately hurt you and toss you away.’
Of course I had concluded this about Taylor. The man easily fell into the category anyone with eyes will figure that out. He was a heart breaker—why does it shock me to hear him say it out loud then?
‘So you do that to women!’ my voice is quiet, ‘it doesn’t matter—and for the record I am not the nice innocent girl that you see—I am a horror story.’
‘Same here!’
I shake my head, ‘womanizing is not half bad than what I am.’
He laughs, surprising me, ‘looks like I am not the only one who was fooled by outward appearances—you don’t know anything about me.’
‘I know that.’
‘I was warning you away because if I didn’t want to leave you alone—I would have kept you and keeping you means coming into my life and that’s a pregnant statement.’
So I am not the only one insane on the planet. I am not the only one with a beautiful facade on the outside and rotten bones on the inside. I am not the only one carrying a time bomb wherever I step. That’s what he is saying right? Does it make any sense? Is anyone normal out there? 
The whole world is screwed.
‘Heather?’ 
His quiet voice breaks into my reverie and I focus my eyes on him. He gets off the bed and walks to me. He holds my arms when he comes closer to me.
‘I can’t stay away from you anymore.’
‘Why? I just told you my most gory life story—don’t you feel frightened that you will be entangled in all this mess?’
‘You did nothing wrong.’
‘I watched them do it—I saved myself.’ My voice is overwhelmed with pain, ‘all their future dreams and youth was ended right before my eyes—their relatives and families wanted answers—I couldn’t tell them anything because I had signed a stupid NDA document—how can I ever be happy after all that, I shouldn’t be happy!’
His eyes tighten at me, his hand circles around my wrist and he pulls me roughly against him. I am in the middle of gasping when he kisses me.
I had fantasized about this over and over for a long time but I never expected the intense feeling that runs through me when our lips meet.
It feels like the whole ground is spinning out of motion for a moment and all the surroundings vanish into nothing and only the two of us remain in a spiral of dim enclosed colors and two rapidly beating hearts.
The feeling scares me. Because I have ever only felt a little of it once in my life. With him!
I circle my arms around his neck and kiss him back. It feels so right. I feel so whole and secure. Like I have been waiting to kiss this man my whole life. I don’t believe is soul mates, I don’t believe in many things out there but I can believe that I was meant to meet Taylor for a reason.
His fingers rake into my hair and his other hand flattens on my back and he pulls me closer against him. I flatten myself against him. Like I can’t get close enough. It’s still not enough. 
The kiss ends and we pause for a moment, lips inches apart and breathing heavily. We open our eyes at the same time. We both look surprised and scared by the intensity of our own passion. It is enough to kill anyone.
It’s enough to get me killed
I pull out of his arms and draw away from him and I hug myself, the same expression on my face
‘You don’t feel anything for me?’
I only shake my head, in acknowledgement not denial, ‘I can’t.’
‘I know what I said before you have still-
‘No,’ I stop him, ‘no matter what you said—that would never have stopped how I feel about you.’
‘Then what’s wrong?’
I bite my lip, how did I find myself telling this man everything about myself today? Oh right, the stupid phone number that never left my memory.
‘Heather!’
I puff out a breath, ‘I am engaged.’
I watch as he switches between confusion, surprise then disbelief
‘What?’
Yeah I couldn’t believe it either—see even to a normal stranger it all sounded ridiculous.’
‘I am going to get married to another man.’
Maybe he forgot what engaged means.
‘I know what you mean.’ He grits, ‘when did that happen? Were you engaged all this time?’
I shake my head, ‘no it’s just recent.’ I suddenly feel tired. The drama of my life is tiring.
‘You want to marry him?’
I snort and chuckle, ‘marry? I just told you my life story—do you think I want to marry anyone?’ I inhale to calm myself, ‘father thinks it’s for the best—he is trying to normalize my life and the poor fella has no idea what he is getting himself into.’
‘For heaven’s sake stop saying that!’ he snaps angrily I flinch, ‘there is nothing wrong with you—I will spend my whole life trying to get that in your head if I have to.’
I blink at him, ‘Taylor—
‘Why are you marrying him if you don’t want to?’
‘It feels right!’ my lie makes my scalp to prickle
‘It feels right!’ Taylor repeats my words with a dangerously quiet voice.
‘Oh what am I saying? I don’t know how it feels—and stop looking at me like I just got myself into death row.’
‘Must you marry him?’
Must I?
‘I don’t know!’ I shrug, ‘maybe father just wants to marry me off—since he is very traditional—female children are not to be invested in too much,’
I shrug again at the look that appears on his face—my life doesn’t make sense even to me so I don’t think I can say anything sensible to regarding it.
I avert my gaze.
‘After a long silence he says, ‘come you must be hungry.’
I lift my eyes at him in surprise, ‘huh?’
‘Let’s eat—I am hungry too.’
Neither of us move. We just stand there staring at each other.
‘As long as you are happy.’
I blink, ‘what do you mean by that.’
‘I mean what I said—if you are happy with the man that’s alright.’
And I know that this is another good bye. Something is seriously wrong with my life. I finally pour my heart out to someone and I can’t be with him because I should be with another. Did God have a drama in mind when He created me?
I walk to him and wrap my arms around his waist. I am grateful that he listen to me and even tried to console me and got mad when I called myself exactly what I am.
For the first time in two years I feel like I could open up to someone.
But you don’t even know him, wild reminds me with a raised eyebrow, and with his warnings—maybe you don’t want to
I don’t care, I decide as I continue to hug him and finally his arms circle around me.


Chapter Seven
We all sit in the living room a week later after dinner for a family meeting which is more like listening to what father has to say and change while he’s at it. I know he must be in a bad mood toady and thankfully it’s not because he found out that I spend the entire weekend last week in a man’s house and not Judith’s and I will make sure none of them ever do. But he had a huge fall out with uncle—something to do with accounts not adding up in the company and now he has to take it out on us. And to add icing to the cake—Charles shows up with his I have come to see Heather speech.
My mind is absent. I am re-watching a block buster I watched late last night because Taylor decided to call me at eleven pm in the evening and the call was short but I couldn’t sleep after wards. Seriously why did this man suddenly invade my entire life?
It’s not as if I have less to worry about. Considering that I didn’t report to the police and Collins never came to school and I feel like he might just pop out someday and kill me.
So yes—in this living room and this make believe family meeting I am very irritable and impatient at the moment and I hope no one notices because how will I explain this to anybody?
And also the fact that I keep missing Taylor and that kiss—that voice
Taylor has invaded my whole world and overtaken my whole territory. Is that the definition of love? Is love supposed to be that passionate? That—I don’t know—obsessive?
I glance at Charles beside me, why don’t I ever feel this way towards him. He is beautiful too. He is also good looking.
He suddenly turns to meet my- I’m not sure about the expression on my face- gaze and smiles warmly at me. When he moves his eyes from me he clears his throat- to make an announcement.
I almost groan—god what now? What alien has evaded the living room now?
The room falls silent and all gazes are on him—us to be more precise. I straighten my spine, and my expression is ostensibly frank as he begins to say the words that are bound to bring to me revelations of self- destruction
‘I spoke with my parents and they are very anxious to meet my future wife.’
I cringe inwardly at the idea of ‘future wife’
‘My parents thought it would be expedient for all of us if we have our traditional wedding as soon as we get there.’
We all gasp—everyone in glee—me in shock. I suddenly feel repulsed.
‘You didn’t tell me this—how long have you known about this?’ my tone is accusing—Father gives me a stern look. But my mind, heart and emotions are all over the place—I forgot how I should address my ‘future husband’
‘He made the decision and he’s telling you now,’ fathers says calmly with a dangerous undertone in his voice
I clamp my mouth shut and my eyes fall to my hands
I am going to meet Charles’ family this weekend. In order words I am getting married this weekend. I only have nine days left—crap!
‘Don’t be scared.’ Mother pulls me aside for a little couselling after the whole thing and has confused my apprehension with fear, ‘you will do just fine.’
I smile weakly and nod.
‘I don’t know anything about Charles’ family.’
Well except for what he told me but I figure I better fish for information right now so that maybe I can figure out how the duck do I get myself out of this.
Mother beams and I brace myself.
‘They have various business in various areas,’
Okay that explains much—who taught mother how to be evasive?
‘Such as?’ I prompt
‘Loan sharks, banking, finance and all that.’
Loan sharks, banking, finance mean the same damn thing—excuse me but loan sharks. Creepy. Wild narrows her eyes suspiciously.
‘We will be a good family with Charles’s you will see.’
There is more to that and she doesn’t elaborate—she doesn’t need to. I know that from the very first day father walked in the prison cell and got me out—that I would never make my own decisions and I would never question his
I considered myself dead with my friends and I didn’t care where the wind was blowing.
But now I did. A lot has changed—okay a lot had already changed but there is something different about me. My obsession with Taylor is taking the best of me and I don’t know how to stop it.
And marriage? My initial idea of this relationship is slavery. A prison, a sentence. I should be kicking and screaming. I can’t turn into that. There was only once that I had considered it and I had been very young.
But right this moment I am not going to spend the rest of my life saying yes sir to Charles just because he is male and I am female.
That’s sexual harassment—punishable by law
‘What are you thinking about?’ Judith peers at me after the Church service and we are on our way to the bus stop—she noticed that I am deep in thought and my eyes are narrowed ahead like slits
‘You’ve been like this ever since—‘she doesn’t finish the sentence. I had to tell Judith something so I mentioned bullying and Taylor’s rescue and nothing else to make me tell someone else about my gory life story. Of course Judith almost made a scene that why would I call another man to rescue me when I have a fiance. I didn’t explain that either because I didn’t want to have to explain to her that other gory part. I am protecting her mental health—she should be grateful
‘I’m getting married this Saturday,’ I remind her
‘Getting cold feet?’
‘I don’t want to.’
Judith is visibly shocked—well I haven’t exactly been revealing things to her so this is the first time I tell her about this side of my feelings for Charles.
‘What do you mean?’
‘I’m not sure that I love him!’ I state incredulously. Wild scoffs sardonically, it’s not as if I know what love is all about. I used to be that incurable romantic and the epitome of that fantasy was taken away and I was cure from romance. Until now. And to add it all up I have the most blasphemous view of what marriage is all about.
‘Love?’
I raise an eyebrow at Judith. I guess I’m not the only one who doesn’t get the whole touch feely subject. A certain sermon comes back to me—and considering that I am a church goer I do not recall teachings very often. I figure that maybe at some point in my life when I am about to die and I worry about where my soul is going it will all come back to me like a flood.
‘Remember Pastor Luke once talked about affection and marriage?’
‘Yes?’ Judith drags the word wondering where I am going with this.
I bite my lip as I go on, ‘affection is synonym to passion.’
Judith blinks a few times, ‘Heather!’ uh-oh I know that tone, ‘is there something you want to talk about
I give her an innocent look while within me wild is running yelling—abort mission; abort mission, ‘like what?’
She folds her arms, ‘you have someone you really like!’
I scoff, ‘I don’t know what you mean.’
Guilty! Wild grins slyly at me
She takes a deep breath, ‘remember that cheeky movie-uh- what was it called again?’ she purses her lips thinking. Seriously? We are coming from Church and as a fellow youth in Christ and prayer partner she is going to give me a reference from a movie?
Forget what I think of my self—the whole world as it turns out at this very moment is thoroughly screwed up.
‘Princess Diaries!’
My innocent face crumbles—I groan—of all the movies, she had to remind me of that? Not—it’s a fantastic movie but it does have an arranged marriage and a prince charming.
‘So in that case?’
‘Why do you think that there is another guy?’ I make a scandalized face.
‘Because you sound like you’re in a love triangle,’
I sigh, ‘you know what Judith? Maybe it’s just cold feet.’
‘Deny all you want Heather—but as a friend who knows that you are denying the real truth—I can only tell you that never do anything with uncertainty. Remember the book of Romans nine verse one—I tell you the truth, I am not lying, my conscience bears witness with me—be sure that this is what you really want.’
 I just sigh—what exactly did I want?
It’s Monday, five days to Saturday and officially one week since Collins attacked me and disappeared. I don’t know what Taylor is up to and I really try not to dwell on it too much. I wonder if we can be together if I call things off with Charles. Why should it matter? Since when did I start to crave a normal life as if I am a normal human being?
Besides I have more important things to look out for. If that Rastafarian shows his face anywhere my eyes will land on him he is as good as dead. Because of him I began to experience the fears and nightmares I had managed to put a lid under two years ago.
After the Business Ethics lesson, I stay behind when Taylor asks a couple of students to stay behind—including me. I sit calmly in my chair as he addresses all other students one by one until I am the only one left in class.
He walks to my desk and sits on it. In my peripheral vision I can see a couple of students peering in through the windows.
‘How are you doing?’ I know the question has another meaning behind it
‘Holding my breath.’ I reply briskly
‘For your wedding?’
I narrow my eyes at him, ‘must we talk about that?’
‘I think we must!’
I hold his gaze, ‘don’t get involved in my affairs.’
‘Why are you pushing me away from your affairs?’
‘What are you going to do about it? I am getting married and I may never see you again afterwards and the other thing—I don’t know what is this between us but my life history does not allow me to pursue or even hope for any happiness.’
My words are accompanied by a twinge of pain in my chest. It will always be here—I will forever live with it. No one lives past the horror I have experienced. I don’t know how what I feel for Taylor managed to pierce through that darkness and settle in a small island of my heart. But I will not explore it.
He remains silent for a long moment watching me while fingering the papers in his hands and from the outside it will seem like he is grilling me over a test question.
‘I am glad that you at least think that you have the possibility to be happy with me.’ He says before he drops the papers in front of me on my desk and walks to take his bag from the teacher’s desk in the front of the class.
I watch him as he easily strides out of the room without another glance at me and the faces at the windows quickly retreat as the door closes behind him.
I don’t want to think about his words so I take out my headsets and turn on one of my favorite songs.


Chapter Eight
I just feel happy when I wake up in the morning. I am practically humming as I get dressed for school. I even decide against my usual baggy unattractive clothing and fake eye glasses. I pick a cute simple magnolia summer dress and brown strappy sandals. I lose the pony tail and comb my hair loss on my shoulders.
When I am done I prance into the dining room. Father is having his breakfast as usual and reading his paper as always. When I enter the room he set the paper down and regards me with a strange expression on his face.
‘Good morning father!’
‘Heather.’ Pause, uh-oh, ‘sit.’
I inwardly groan as I sit on a chair facing him. Of course if you live in a house with eight people there is no way you can maintain one mood.
‘I need to talk to you about something.’
Great, what is he going to talk about now? Judging by his expression—my mood is about to take flight.
‘It’s about Saturday—I am sure you must be very nervous.’
Nervous is the understatement of the year.
‘I just feel like it’s a bit too soon—like it’s being hurried too much.’
‘Charles wants you home and that’s a good thing.’ Father says with a condensed smile. That means he is about to drop a bomb on me. This is too familiar—hat was the smile he had on when he showed up at the police station to take me home. Like he just solved some big problem—or better yet like he was the hero in the movie Armageddon
‘the reason I chose to talk to you to say is because I wanted to talk to you- for you to prepare psychologically—err—I’ve really spoken to Charles about this,’
What could it be? I wonder- pretty much the obvious when we should have children, where we would live, and our role in the family welfare.
Wild mind’s face is scrunched nervously, eyes bulged out—it’s not that simple to guess what father has going on inside his head
‘After your wedding- Charles will have to live in his home town to run the family business—and you of course will have to go with him.’
I blink, still trying to get the unspoken meaning in the midst of the banter.
‘I already spoke to Charles about it and I thought I should tell you ahead of time that when you leave on Saturday you won’t be coming back here.’
I blink again, ‘I am graduating in nine months,’ I say slowly; my scalp prickles as I feel like I’m living on the tiny seconds of normalcy left before my whole world crumbles around me, ‘you want me to drop out?’
‘You won’t need this anyway—it’s just a degree—your new role now is to be a wife and with time a mother. And you will have a home to run-
Wait, rewind and pause right there—wait did I say that out loud to my father?—no, I didn’t, then maybe the expression on my face made him pause like that
Why is he looking at me as if I am holding a knife to my own throat? I recognize that look—he looked at me like that the first days I was dealing with my break down two years ago.
‘It’s only been three months Heather.’ His voice is soft and calm, out of character from my experience, ‘you don’t have to finish—a certificate is not the future, it’s just a road to the future.’
Now he is a philosopher on me. His mouth is moving and I can’t hear him because I am blanking out again. It’s not as if I had been excited about this final chance to finish my degree—I just hate being tossed about like a grass hopper with no stability.
Who am I kidding?—no—I am freaking out because the most dreaded picture is now before me. I picture myself, fat and round and barefoot in some giant house with a dozen kids crawling at my feet. I picture myself setting the dining table for Charles and h is sitting with an enormous newspaper open—I more like a servant than a lover. I’d be his pet. Totally depended on him for everything. My life would be all about him.
I stare at father as the images in my head fade away slowly like dark clouds clearing away after a massive storm.
‘no.’ I say breathlessly, ‘I can’t do that – I won’t do it.’
Yes I’d rather be the old lonely spinster living in a house full of cats than Charles’ housewife and child bearer.
‘Heather’ father is still calm, ‘it’s not like you will be doing something of low importance.’ He sighs, great, he’s about to play the guilt game on me, ‘I didn’t want to have to tell you this but—you marrying Charles will save our family.’
I blink at him—save our family from what? It’s not as if we had a good name to maintain in a foreign land. Did we?
‘The business has been struggling—lots of debts.’ He pauses--, ‘we are at the point of selling or liquidation—you are a business student you know what those terms mean.’
I nod slowly
‘Our family all live off of the business and we just couldn’t give up on it—a lot of people will starve if we do. So we took a loan and invested but that didn’t come out will either.’
That explains father and uncle’s row about accounts.
‘The loan sharks want their money back and we don’t have that kind of money yet at the moment but we managed to reach a sound agreement with them.’
‘w-what agreement?’
‘Charles’ family always wanted him to get a wife and he was refusing so if was putting him in a tight spot with his family—so this marriage will benefit both of us. Charles gets a wife and we are free from the wrath of loan sharks.’
Wild mind and’s jaws drop open first before I spring out of my seat, hysterical. Not almost but literary
‘You are selling me?’ I am shaking. ‘You’re selling me to loan sharks?’
‘Heather!’ he says in stern tone—no-not today buddy
I am furious, hurt and terrified.
‘no.’ I state firmly, ‘you’d rather disown me.’
‘Heather, sit down I am not done talking.’
‘No you are so done talking dad!’
‘You can’t reverse this.’
I can’t reverse it? I’ve heard those words before—after he’d already signed the papers with Alex’s twisted lawyers—hell I even believe that all lawyers are twisted somehow. Those devil’s advocates
‘Take it back.’
He stands up, ‘heather, go out and think well about this—we’ll talk in the evening,’ with that he strides out of the room. Not even willing to stay and hear the fullness of my wrath.
I don’t think as father has asked—I just act. I grab my tote bag, empty the books on the table and I rush to my room. I grab a couple of clothes and my bathroom bag and some shoes. My tote bag is so large everything fits perfectly.
When I arrive at school, the first thing I see are the police cars and the TV crew. Crap—but no I shouldn’t panic—maybe father may send the police but the TV crew?
A crowd is in the parking lot, where the centre of attention is. For a brief moment I forget all my trouble as I approach the crowd.
The scene before me is not very surprising—not that it’s not but I have the shocking news of the year right now so this is nothing to me.
Collins and his friend are handcuffed and police officers are leading them to the police car. Their heads bowed as the paparazzi cameras mercilessly flashes them. Their faces are aghast and some expression I once saw on myself in the mirror once when the detective explained to me that I was a major suspect.
‘He what?’ a guy asked someone somewhere in the crowd
‘Drugs—they are selling drugs,’ one guy explains
I knew he had to be drunk or high the day he’d attacked me in the woods when he kept laughing like the evil witch doctor in scary Nigerian movies.
And I will dwell on this later.
I move away from the crowd and I walk briskly towards the school building. My mind is far away—miles away, I don’t even remember entering the building and finding an empty class to sit in.
I don’t know how long I sit in the unused classroom but by the time I’m able to move and to realize that I have nowhere to go its past midday I think and I know most classes are over by now or whatever chaos that the day began with.
In times like these—one need friends—but I don’t have friends, I don’t deserve friends, befriending me will be like Jonah entering your ship while he is running from God only to bring doom on the crew. I could hear my friends scream as the memory flashes in my head, I could smell the smoke and hear the raucous laughter of the demons in human form.
I could hear the ripple of the river, I could see Stephan floating peacefully on the shore as if he had no care at all in the world. He had been his family’s only son. His parents had daughters and he was the miracle child—his family still blames me for his death. In fact everyone believed I was the cause—even I believed it. How could I be human?
I am an assert, father stopped seeing my human form—his daughter was long gone, I am her clone and father is doing what anyone can do with a clone
Clones are not humans—they are asserts. He is doing what should be done with asserts—invest with them. I can’t be a liability—at least I can bring money home
I reach inside my bag and fish out my phone. 36 missed call some from father, then Charles, then Taylor.
I dial Taylor, I know I won’t be hearing bad news from him
‘Heather, I’ve been trying to call you—why aren’t you at school?’
‘Hello to you too Taylor!’
A sigh, ‘did you come to school?’
‘no.’ my voice is calm and tired—but I can’t let him see me like this again—and I have a weird habit of pouring my guts to him and this is something I don’t want to drag anyone into. ‘Can’t I ditch school just this one time?’
‘No, you can’t!’
‘students learn from their teachers—and I happen to have a close friend who believes that showing up where you are supposed to be every day is not the way of the twenty first century.’
‘Lose such a friend,’ I can hear the smile in his voice, ‘are you at home?’
‘no.’ I answer automatically, ‘I mean not exactly’
‘Where are you? I need to talk to you!’
‘I’ll be at school tomorrow, right now I’m pretty busy.’
‘Really?’
‘Yes,’ I sigh, ‘why did you want to talk to me?’
‘No reason—are you really that busy?’
‘Yes very busy.’
 I answer with affirmation
‘what are you doing?’ planning the next blast off to mars?’
‘It’s not a bad plan.’
‘How long? Aren’t you going back home? The whole school is empty already they will lock you in and you will have to do a B&E to leave this place.’
I roll my eyes, ‘not everyone treads the same way as everyone else and point of correction—you only do break and entry when you are entering.’ I [pause, wait a minute what?
‘What—what do you mean?’ I freeze—crap, he knows that I am here in the school—I shouldn’t have called him.
I stand, wincing because I’ve been sitting for too long and my body is rigid and sore. I stretch myself before I turn and I jump, startled, Taylor is by the doorway leaning on the doorframe. He taps his phone before he slips it into his pockets
I groan inwardly, as of today I officially hate Tuesdays. He moves into the classroom, his eyes stay on me—I feel like crawling into a hole or for the earth to swallow me—my heart tapping violently as I watch his eyes move slowly from my head to my toes then back up again to lock with mine.
He steps closer to me, and I only stare at him when I should run—I mean if a person is looking at you like that—you are supposed to run right? Yes that’s the pattern—why can’t I move?
‘Taylor.’ My voice is shaky and he stops moving towards me—wild audibly breathes her sigh of relief.
‘Sorry—you are so beautiful.’ Taylor speaks like he is not himself for a moment, ‘I mean—you have always been beautiful but
I blink—oh – right, I forgot that I woke up this morning with an ‘I’m walking on sunshine’ beat in my head and dressed up like this. I turn away from him and sigh.
‘Are you okay?’
‘Yes,’ I don’t look at him. I’m still trying to put on a brave face—the shock of father selling me still unfolding itself and I can’t mask it well yet
‘So you saw Collins?’
I look at him, he’s trying to figure out—‘yes, he’s worse than I thought,’ birds of the same feathers, I remind myself, ‘at least he won’t hurt anyone anymore.’
He nods absently, I flash him a small smile—no matter how disheveled my mind is I still can’t get over how beautiful Taylor is.
Wait a minute...
‘How did you know that I was here?’
A grin appears on his face, ‘I tracked your phone—during the call—technology.’
Ugh, I know I shouldn’t have called him.
‘I’m glad you called—you seem like you are planning to camp in here.’
My eyes automatically fall on my tote bag on the floor. So does his—no overreacting, -- I shouldn’t give him a hint. I pick up my bag and wince—the thing is so heavy, how did I carry it all along? What the hell did I pack in here when I was in my state of oblivion?
Taylor, of course, comes to take the overloaded tote bag from me.
‘So you’d really decided to come to school today after all.’ his eyes roam all over my face—forget it Taylor I am not telling you this one.
‘Yes—then I just felt tired of education.’
‘We’ll have to ratify that kind of situation miss heather—but now—I’ll get you home,’
‘No!’ I snap. ‘I’ll take the taxi.’
‘Are you ever going to willingly let me give you a ride one day? Besides aren’t we better acquainted now?’
I roll my eyes, ‘I don’t want you showing up at my house, it will just cause me problems.’
‘Your fiancé is the jealous possessive type?’
I groan, ‘if only it were that normal!’ I mumble to myself—wild nods in agreement
‘Fine then let me get you to the bus stop.’
Then he will just ,make sure I take the right one and I don’t think I am in the right mind to tell the taxi driver a different location—most importantly I am still trying to figure out where I am going to go.
‘no—I am not going home right now—I am going somewhere—just give me my bag,’ I reach for my bag which of course he doesn’t give me, ‘please Taylor.’
His expression hardens, I stare back at him
‘What?’
‘Besides the news about Collins—what else happened?’
I sigh, ‘nothing much—my life always have one or two things for me to freak out about because I am screwed up—I don’t need to share every gory life story with you.’
His hard expression softens a little then he begins to remove my bag from his shoulder—finally I can have my bag and start from there—but instead of handing it to me he shifts it into his arms and unzips it. I gasp in horror as he brings out a pair of jeans before going through the other contents inside.
‘What are you doing?’ dump question, ‘why are you doing it?’
‘You are not running away are you?’
I scoff, ‘I don’t know anything about running away,’
‘That’s what I am concerned about.’ He puts my jeans back into the bag and zips it up before carrying in back on his shoulders, ‘let’s go.’ He strides from the classroom.
I pause for a moment before I give up trying to argue and I follow him in silence down the corridors till we are outside. It’s almost dark and most cars are gone from the parking lot.
I can’t believe I sat all day in that abandoned classroom. Oh well, it shouldn’t be surprising, I am screwed up anyway.
As he puts my bag on the back seat, I walk to the passage side and I easily let myself inside. I sigh slowly as I sink into the seat and that lovely Taylor alluring smell engulfs me.
I inhale deeply and close my eyes as I rest my head against the car seat. I am so tired.
He starts the car—I am not worried about where he is taking me—in fact I don’t care—I’ve got nothing to lose. My spirit is crushed and dead even God can’t reach it, my soul is ruined and worn—I don’t feel like I have any future—all I have is this body which is currently engulfed in some form of dark feelings I can’t begin to comprehend.
The old adage—when you have you have nothing to lose—is making more sense to me now.
‘We are here!’
My eyes snap open—I must have blanked out again because this feels like the car didn’t move at all. I get out of the car—he even opened the gate and parked into his garage while I was in oblivion
The bull dog barks as I walk out from the garage—I don’t mind it, it could eat me if it wants and end my miserable existence.
I stop in front of the door—I just want to sleep I am so tired—hopefully I sleep a little longer before I wake up to face the chaos of my life.
I feel Taylor’s hand on my back as he unlocks the door. Inside is warm and the same as before. I guess it’s the only thing that hasn’t changed drastically for me in the past weeks. And it’s not even my house. But I have seen this place a thousand times in my memory and fantasies it could never fell new and unfamiliar.
I smile at this. Taylor turns to me and a small questionable smile appears on his face. I shrug in response—the rain of my thoughts are not comprehensive even to me sometimes.
I stumble forward to throw myself on the couch as he closes the door. I feel like making myself at home since I seem to dread mine. Besides this is not the time to worry about people’s opinions—my life is in danger.
He comes to crouch at the foot of the couch, his warm soft hands holding me to sit in an upright position. I focus on his eyes—the dark chocolate brown from them is something I can’t and will never get over. In fact, it’s exciting to me—like star gazing.
‘Heather.’ He says with a sigh. He is worried—I only shake my head with a flat smile on my face and unshed tears in my eyes. Taylor does that. He brings out of me this weak person which has to lean on him for support. I don’t want to lean on anyone or to feel like I can even rely on anyone. But with Taylor I have failed miserably. I have even told him things that therapists could not bring out of me and detective could not even scare out of me. Now that is something
The way I feel about Taylor is scary—I know that if he ever turns his back on me I will fall with a sickening crash and never recover. That kind of feeling is dangerous
Believe me, I know!
‘Please tell me what happened?’
I still can’t form a reasonable reaction to the fact that father sold me. Of course I knew that he is traditional but I had no idea that he is also barbaric.
I shake my head again, ‘it’s nothing really—I am just overwhelmed about Charles.’
‘You already were overwhelmed about Charles.’
I manage a small smile, ‘why do you want to hear my problems?’
‘Because I care about you!’ he respond without hesitating.
I inhale deeply—I don’t want to break down. I am barely holding it together. And isn’t it a little too late to try and deny that I feel so strongly for him and I can’t even undo it. I can’t fight it anymore. It’s pointless.
And right now I don’t want to think of my problems, the fact that father is letting me go to a family of loan sharks says a lot of things I don’t even want to comprehend. And here I had thought he was trying to put my life back together. Why was he doing all these things anyway?
I reach out and touch Taylor’s face. He closes his eyes and I feel satisfied—I have always wanted to do this. A smile of wonderment tags at the corners of my mouth as my fingers move from his slightly rough cheek because of a fresh stubble to his curly afro hair. He is so beautiful.
His long lashes fall on his cheeks as a small smile curls on his lips. This could become my favorite past time. His hand closes over mine still holding his cheek. He inhales deeply and with a growing smile he says
‘I love you.’ He whispers
That shatters my entire reverie and twists something inside my chest. Love—is that how I felt? Should I say it back? Am I ready to say those words to him? I do feel something for him but is it love?
His eyes open and lock with mine. He looks so sure and sincere about his love confession. The words are bubbling on my lips and I know that is the real truth. But I am afraid to say it. It will only solidify what I feel and I don’t want to have to think about serious things like what would I do if I ever lose him. Because I have lost those I loved once and what if—
My eyes land on his lips, suddenly overcome by the urge to kiss him. I don’t have to think twice, I lurch for him and he catches me in surprise as he falls on his back on the carpet floor and I am on top of him. I bring my mouth to his and he smiles against my lips before he starts kissing me hungrily as if the world depended on it. I bring my fingers into his hair again. It looks wild but it’s so soft. His hands travel down the length of my back, he sits up and draws me closer to him and I straddle him. I gasp when his hand twists my hair roughly and it’s surprisingly exhilarating. He leaves my mouth and his mouth is on my neck.
I giggle when I think about how I once imagined this. My imagination did no justice to the way I feel when his warm breath tickles the skin on my neck. I tilt my head to give him more access and he plants a lingering hot kiss there. His warm hands rest at the small of my back and I press myself closer to him.
He shifts and before I know it I am below him and my arms are pinned above my head. I am completely at his mercy and I don’t mind. 
I open my eyes and I meet dark eyes. No they are really dark. 
‘Heather!’
‘What are you doing?’
‘We can’t do this!’
‘What’s wrong?’
He raised his eyebrows in disbelief, ‘everything about this is wrong—I love you but I won’t take advantage of you.’
‘This is not taking advantage. Let go of me.’ I try to move.
‘Only if you promise to not attack me like that again, my control is hanging by the thread right now.’
‘Maybe you shouldn’t.’
‘Heather-
‘I am different from all the other women?’
His lips part in surprise and I am also surprised that I even said that. But I refuse to be embarrassed after such a brazen act. Yes, this is my show why is he overtaking the whole thing?
‘you think I don’t want you?’ he looks at me in disbelief, then chuckles, ‘Heather the first days I met you I had only one thing in mind—I was going to pursue you until I get it. When you came to my house that morning I was going to get it, then I realised that I can’t walk away from you afterwards. I realised that I loved you.’
‘Wait.’ I shift and he lets my arms go and gets off me. We both sit on the floor facing each other, ‘are you trying to tell me that you found me attractive that way?’
I mean seriously—maybe he is the loon or he has a weird taste in women. I looked like a chaos the day we first met.
‘Heather you are a beautiful woman, nothing you can ever do will hide that beauty. And I have good taste.’
I cringe a little when he says good taste
‘No- no that’s not what I mean—Heather I am not proud of my past.’
‘Your past.’
Now I am getting shocked, is he referring to what he just confessed that he is a royal heart breaker as his past now? And it has something to do with me? Do I even care about it? Surprisingly the fact that Taylor just told me that he sleeps around with women and toss them away doesn’t bother me at all. I am obsessed.
‘I don’t care about that.’ I say, surprising him, ‘or the afterwards.’ I move towards him and he shifts away.
‘You are going to throw yourself at me, just like that—without any second thoughts,’
‘I am not throwing myself at you.’ I feel heat on my face, whatever had made me to do all this is fading and I can feel embarrassment creeping up my spine. What the hell is wrong with me? Yes I am mad about what father did and maybe I wanted to rebel as a way to relieve the stress but this?
He sighs, ‘why won’t you tell me what happened? It must be something pretty bad to make you think of doing this.’
I shake my head, ‘I don’t want to marry Charles.’ That’s true enough.
‘So you want to sleep with me first before you go to him?’
I gasp, ‘no I am not going to him.’
‘Are you sure?’
‘Yes, that’s why I am running away.’
‘Aha!—I knew that you were running away—what were you going to do if I hadn’t found you.’
‘I was figuring it out.’ I bristle, ‘well maybe--
He nods, ‘why did you call me?’
‘because you left fifteen missed calls in my phone and five messages, if I didn’t call you my phone would have broken and since I’m on the run I don’t have money to buy another one.’
Why is he acting as if I planned all this? In fact I hadn’t planned anything at all, if he hadn’t come to find me I would have eventually went back home it’s not as if I have any place to run to anyway.
He stares at me thoughtfully and I stare back adamantly. But my right senses are slowly coming back to me still I refuse to feel embarrassed by my actions. Like should it be outrageous (because it is and I still can’t believe it) that I am openly trying to seduce my tutor. Oh for heaven’s sake the man is far from being a teacher, I can only imagine what landed him in the position.
So maybe I can blame father for shocking the hell out of my wits this morning that I packed my sensible part and acted this way. How else would any normal human being (noting that I am not normal) take the news that you are being used as ransom for loan sharks? As assert. Like I am so insignificant to his existence.
Taylor gives up trying to hard stare the explanation he wants out of me and tilts his head to one side with a gentle smile
‘Let’s eat,’ he gets up and walks to the kitchen. I know I may have upset him by refusing to tell him but it really doesn’t matter. I have already given him the picture of my life drama and he should guess that this is just another episode.
I slowly rise to my feet and straighten my dress. Remembering again that I had dressed up this morning. I keep forgetting that. I run my fingers into my hair to straighten it and I walk into the kitchen.
Taylor is taking out precooked frozen and packaged foods and placing them in the microwave. I rest my elbow on the counter and I rest my cheek into my open palm, tilting my head a little as I follow his movements. 
I wonder what is happening at home right now. Judith will not be covering up for me because of course she doesn’t know and I can imagine that they have already called her by now. How will Charles react to the news that I ran away? Urgh, I can’t imagine him ever doing anything dramatic. The man is so collected as if he is bored with life.
Maybe he really is rich. That doesn’t matter to me either. I mean, Father craves being rich so much he acts like the devil himself with a pointed tail and fork and is far from being a millionaire. He should just give up the search and start writing a book or something about how unreachable wealth can be.
I snap out of my thoughts when Taylor places a plate of hot food in front of me. He sits in the opposite chair and I watch him as he eats. He doesn’t look at me as he chews slowly and thoughtfully. Gosh the man even looks attractive when eating.
I shake my head and pick up my fork and start to poke at my food, my mind miles away.
An eternity later I give up trying to eat and I push my plate away. I blink at the intensity of Taylor’s gaze and he looks away before I say anything while taking my uneaten plate at the same time. I was so lost in my thoughts I missed that look. Okay I’m crazy now. It’s official. Maybe I need some sleep and my mind will be clear in the morning. I feel so tired right now in all dimensions so I can’t account for my words, thoughts or actions.


Chapter Nine
To say that I am so embarrassed by my behavior last night would be a conspicuous understatement. I can’t even make up a good excuse about it. It’s not like I myself know exactly why I did it—I don’t even remember half of what I did or said yesterday. Memory loss, that could be a good exactly but it’s a little biased because I remember enough to make me cringe.
Or I can quote popular poetry. No I don’t read at all and poetry is something that never came to my mind ever since I graduated high school and I was free from Mrs. What was her name again? Literature class. But there is a poem I always remember because it’s the only form of literature I found interesting enough to keep in my head.
‘Where ignorance is bliss, it is folly to be wise.’ 
Urgh that won’t help me explain myself either. It would have been better if I had just innocently kissed him but I begged him to take things further. And thank god the man has brains in his head because I surely would have regretted it this morning.
Somebody should just shoot me now. Wild nods in agreement. How do I get out of this one? Maybe he will just brush the topic aside. But recalling last night I don’t think this one is ignorable. Crap! What am I supposed to do with myself now? I can sneak out of the house and call him later—but that bull dog is not tied now right now and I can be his breakfast.
So I give up trying to get out of this easily and decide to face it. It’s six in the morning and I am sitting in the kitchen because I have decided not to chicken out and face Taylor and get this over with.
But as I hear a door closing and his feet approaching the kitchen I start to sweat. My eyes start to twitch and forget my stomach. So much for bravery!
But this is not so bad why am I so embarrassed? Who am I kidding? This is way over the top embarrassing. I need a hole to crawl in and hide.
‘Good morning!’ he smiles at me as soon as he enters the kitchen and I jump even though I heard and saw him walk in.
‘Morning!” I stammer, okay I already am nervous but I wasn’t expecting him to be in his full formal clothing at six am in the morning. A crisp white shirt, two buttons open and untucked. Black dress pants and does his hair grow overnight? I remember the feel of it on my fingers yesterday when I was—get a hold of yourself, you are here to fix this not recap the memory.
I clear my throat, maybe I should have made a cup of coffee or something because now I feel like I had been wading through the desert and I’m in desperate need of water. But it would be weird if I stand up right now and get a glass of water. So I will just endure this as a form of self-punishment for the way I presented myself to the world yesterday.
I take a deep breath and I am ready to plunge into my speech when he pulls a chair and sits opposite me his coffee in front of him as if he knows that I am about to start my self-defense speech and I need his full attention. But why does it look like he is one of those guys you see at six am in the morning on live TV and you are still trying to wake up wondering what disaster you are about to add to your life history for the day?
But that is not the point right now, I have to say something not try to enter a staring contest with Taylor.
‘About last night--.’
‘About last night--.’
We speak at the same time, pause, look at each other and laugh.
‘You can go ahead,’ he says like the true gentleman that he is, but I don’t think what I want to say is more sensible than what he has to say
‘No go ahead.’
‘What were you going to say?’
‘What were you going to say?’
‘Why are you up at this hour?’ he raises his eyebrows
‘That is not about last night!’ I blink, ‘I mean, I couldn’t sleep.’ I am not going to admit that I woke up early to ambush him and close the topic before my day progresses and based on my life history I know it’s not going to go so well. ‘You are also up so early.’ I mumble unintelligently because I’m already chickening out—I didn’t do anything wrong, maybe we could just avoid the topic and laugh about it fifty years later.
‘I couldn’t sleep either.’ Pause, ‘why won’t you tell me why you are run away from home?’
Oh that! 
‘It’s complicated!” I mumble, how I tell someone that I am being sold, that is just embarrassing and I don’t need to involve him in all this.
‘Yes I already figured out the complicated part.’
‘Are we really going to talk about this at six am in the morning?’
‘Its seven now.’
I bite my lip, gosh I wish I really had that coffee I eye his and he pushes it to me. I take the cup and take a large swig before the cup lands back on the table a little too noisily. There now that I have taken my energy drink I can think clearly.
‘I am not marrying Charles, whatever it takes.’ I begin, ‘so I am leaving.’
‘Leaving?’ why does he look like he is panicking?
‘I am not going back home father will probably chase me out—I will return to my relatives.’
He takes the cup and gulps some coffee before setting it back on the table, noisily as well. Is it weird that at this moment I find it cute that we are drinking from the same cup? Yes, it’s weird, you are creepy, wild nods at me.
‘When you say leaving to your relatives, you mean going back to Zimbabwe?’
I nod slowly, if Taylor is freaking out about me returning to Zimbabwe then I guess I should not go home first because father may just shoot me.
‘I have nowhere else to go,’ I suddenly feel the need to explain myself, why does he look so wounded like I am doing something wrong, I am just trying to survive all this for heavens’ sake.
‘You can stay here!’
No, he did not just say that. I stare at his face, no he did say that and he is serious
‘I can’t. That would be---.’ 
‘If you go to Zimbabwe I may never see you again.’ His eyes look all glassy and he manages to look like he means it. I want to laugh hysterically. Because I am about to have a panic attack. So he meant it that he loved me? No that can’t be it. I just need to get away from all this. What if I tell him what my father wants to do. He will see how screwed up all this is and stay away from me.
I look away from him and gaze into space.
‘Heather!’
I just shake my head, not meeting his gaze, ‘no, I don’t want to stay here. This is ridiculous.’ I mumble and start to rise out of my chair casting a glance at him, only he is not there but already in front of me pressing me against the table behind me. Panic attack is fully on. He plants his hands on the table caging me between them.
I clench my hands because even at this moment I want to touch him.
‘I understand the need to get away from your family but are you going to throw away this.’
I bite my lip as I inch away from him, ‘I don’t know what this is.’ my voice is small, ‘and point of correction I am not getting away from my family I am particularly getting away from Charles and father.’
‘Why won’t you tell me the real reason you have decided this?’
I sigh, ‘fine.’ I thought he would move a little and I can have a little breathing space to think clearly but he doesn’t even budge. ‘Charles’s family are loan sharks and father owes them a great amount of money, I imagine they are at his neck so if I marry Charles the debt is cancelled.’ I speak very fast and take a deep breath at the end.’
‘And you think he’s going to let you go?’
‘He will if I refuse to obey him.’
Taylor shakes his head, ‘he will carry you there kicking and screaming—he has no other way to pay back his debtors if he decided to sale you,’
And it dawns on me. Father will never let me walk away. Loan sharks would have his head if he doesn’t pay and I am the only way out. Now I really start to panic
‘That’s why I have to go!’ I say and I almost shout in relief that I had packed my passport, ‘if I stay here he will have another way of taking me back.’
‘Don’t you think your relatives will give you away?’
Well they did turn their backs on me when the camping incident happened but of course they were shocked I don’t blame them. But they wouldn’t support father to sell me to loan sharks.
‘No they won’t.’ I say surely, ‘I will be fine.’
He takes a deep breath, ‘well I’m not letting you go!”
My mouth hangs open, oh he means it, has he gone mad? No maybe I am the one who is mad to still be here trying to reason with him. 
‘That is my decision not yours.’
‘Your decision sucks and I am deciding for you.’
I put my hands on his chest to push him away and miserable failure. ‘No you are not—just leave me alone.’
Hasn’t he figured out that I hate it when people decide for me?
‘You don’t feel anything for me?’
‘That has nothing to do with trying to save my own life.’ I snap
‘You can’t save it by running away—he will just find you anyway, but you haven’t answered my question.’
Do I feel anything for him? The man has invaded my mental existence since I met him in the parking lot. But even so I can’t just stay here—am I mad? Okay maybe I lost my wits last night and tried to seduce him but staying is a whole entire dimension in a relationship and I happen to be running away from marriage in case he hasn’t noticed. Which he hasn’t because his expression hasn’t changed.
‘No I don’t!’ my voice is pathetically strained even I don’t believe it. I swear his eyes turn darker right in front of me. I could write an entire bible about those eyes which are looking at me intensely at the moment. My eyes dart around, trying to find an escape and if I can manage to push him away from me then I would have escaped. Well because if someone is looking at you like that you have to run for the hills screaming right? Wild nods in agreement.
I feel his hand flat on the small of my back and he crashes me against him. My eyes snap to his. What’s he doing now? And I don’t have time to react before his lips land hard on mine. Taking all my breath away. I open my mouth to get some air and he plunges his tongue inside my mouth. I taste that coffee we shared minutes ago as all my mind defenses begin to thaw.
He pushes me on the table and I grab his arms for balance as his body presses firmly against mine. I happen to be wearing one of my oversized t-shirts that I sleep in and it is slowly riding up at the moment.
‘Taylor!’ I manage to say when I break away from his assaulting lips
‘I am not letting you go!’ he says
Okay I get the point. Even Taylor is not going to let me run away. I start to nod when he grabs my leg and hooks it on his waist while pushing me further down the table. I gasp and his lips close over mine again. Forget it, I am not going anywhere.
My hands slide up his arms and find his hair which is still a phenomenon to me. When I lace my fingers into the soft curls he kisses me harder and I moan. Moan? I actually moan.
‘Gah! Hunter it’s just me! Taylor!’ the high pitched voice is followed by a bellowing bark from the bull dog. ‘Taylor!’
Taylor reluctantly draws away from me and lifts me back to my feet as he stands and sighs
‘Celine!’ he whispers with a fond smile
Even in my deranged state I manage to scowl in confusion, who?
‘My cousin sister.’
I just nod, I don’t know her but I want to hug her and spin her around for showing up just in time. Oh I didn’t say that out loud did I? Why is Taylor looking at me with an amused look on his face? I look away, feeling heat on my face.
I hear the front glass door slide open followed by a low thud and then a huge sigh and a high pitched irritated
‘Taylor!’
Taylor’s smile grows and he pulls me along with him to the living room. When I manage to peek around Taylor’s tall frame my eyes land on a tall beautiful woman. Long ebony hair falls over her dark skin in the most fascinating way. Her big brown eyes narrow at Taylor irritably and Taylor chuckles
‘I knew you would not come quietly.’
She huffs, ‘you—I will butcher that dog can it and feed it to you next time it tries to bite me.’
‘Your violent tendencies are worse than before, where were you exactly?’
‘Where you were not and you are supposed to be.’
‘Touché!’
Her eyes move from Taylor and they land on me. ‘And who might you be?’
‘Celine this is Heather and Heather Celine!”
I wear a polite smile and stretch my hand to shake hers, ‘nice to meet you.’
‘Likewise!’ she takes in my large t-shirt and smirks, ‘I’m his sister in case he hasn’t told you.’
‘Does it matter?’ Taylor says
‘I am trying to divert a misconception!’ Celine flashes him a sweet smile, ‘I’m sure your girlfriend appreciates it.’
‘Oh I’m not.’ I start to say I’m not his girlfriend when he turns to me with a sharp gaze
‘We have not really discussed that yet and you don’t have to answer her.’
‘What’s there to discuss!’ Celine quips, ‘you are either a girlfriend or a hook up and you two seem to have already taken things further.’
My mouth hangs open. Why is this woman suggesting that I slept with Taylor when I didn’t? Well that would have been the case if Taylor didn’t have enough brain cells in his head. Wild pouts at me.
‘It’s none of your business—and what are you doing here anyway?’
‘I live here.’ Celine rolls her eyes, ‘you can’t have this house to yourself forever you know.’
I take my hand out of Taylor’s, he turns to look at me
‘I am going to get dressed.’ I mumble and return Celine’s polite smile before I dash in the hall way. I hear their squabble before I shut the door of my room and lean on it. Only a few seconds and I have worked out that his sister is a piece of work. I know a piece of work when I see one.
Well it doesn’t matter what she assumes, I am pretty sure she is familiar with all of Taylor’s hook ups. Why does that make me feel like acid is rising up my throat? I gnaw at my lip. I have to get over myself. I am leaving anyway. Taylor can’t stake a claim on me neither can father. I am moving away from all this madness. Yes madness. I repeat in my mind as I finally start to move towards my bag.
I choose some leggings and a flowery dress top. It’s comfortable and makes it easy when you are on the run. Because I am on the run and the money that I have is enough for me to get a bus and figure out where to leave once I get to Zimbabwe. I made a mistake of telling Taylor. Now when I leave he doesn’t even have to know. Taylor and I won’t go anywhere. This is just a confusing passing passionate time. And I need to leave before anything happens between us.
My heart skips a beat when I start to think whether we would have stopped if Celine hadn’t showed up when she did. I was too far gone to stop anyway. This is just too dangerous.
I pull my hair into a ponytail and fi my bag for a journey. I contemplate calling someone back in Zimbabwe but then decide against it. If they turn out to want to sale me as well I would still have a chance to escape when I hit them by surprise.
My phone buzz in my hand and I flinch. It’s Charles. No way! The man never called me even once since the day I met him. Maybe they finally figured out that I am serious about this.
‘Hello!’ is it weird that we still say hello even though we know who was calling.
‘Heather! ‘His deep voice booms in my ear, ‘where are you? I just heard what happened from father.’
‘It doesn’t matter where I am—I’m not coming back.’
A sigh, ‘look I think there could have been a little misunderstanding—why don’t you come and we talk about it?’
There is nothing to talk about. This is all madness and I am not buying it. An and since when did Charles care to talk things out with me, he set the wedding date without even discussing it with me first.
‘no, just let me go.’
‘Heather please!’
He said please, the tyrant said please. Uh, point of correction, Charles is not a tyrant my father is and since Charles is following my father’s instructions that automatically makes him a tyrant.
‘No!’ I snap
A sigh, ‘fine stay where you are, I’m coming to get you.’
All my insides freeze, ‘what—how?’ then it dawns on me. I press the red end call icon but I know it’s too late. The damn phone and technology also had Taylor track me down yesterday. What am I going to do now? Charles will take me back to that house and I will go with him and be married to him. No, no, -- I have to go now. If I leave now, I may have a chance of escape. I grab my bag and pause holding the door handle. I can’t just leave this house either. But I have to
So I decide to see what Taylor and Celine are doing and formulate a way of escape. I can hear their voices in the kitchen. Good, I smile, I can easily slip past them and they won’t even notice. But Celine’s words stop me death in my tracks
‘Why are you starting to bring those girls here Taylor?’ she growled, ‘don’t you remember what Mr Abiwu did to the last girl he found in the house? Have you no pity for them, and she is so young.’
‘Stop assuming things you are driving me crazy.’
‘I am not assuming things but you must keep that part of your life separate from the family image.’
‘Who cares about family image?’
‘your father does, he will skin you alive if he finds you openly jeopardizing it like this—and this time he promised to make you find a wife if you bring any girl to his house.’ Her voice rises
‘Keep your voice down, this isn’t a protest.’
‘Oh you don’t want the little girl to hear it? Does it even matter to her? She’s probably just after your money.’
A table is banged, ‘stop talking about her that way! Heather is not after my money.’
‘well your looks then—women like to throw themselves at popular man whores just to gain a reputation—you may not care about what your father thinks of your behavior but you should know that it—
I stop listening and rush back to the room. Why am I so surprised? Wasn’t I the genius who figured out who Taylor is the first days I met him. And he did say with his mouth that he was after one thing and then he wasn’t. He could be confused about his feelings and I can’t stay here anyway. The man seems to have a piece of work of a father just like mine. But I can imagine that he being a pastor’s kid, his reputation eludes him. I put my bag on my shoulder and purposefully march out of the room. 
I am half way to the front door when Taylor emerges from the kitchen and he freezes. Our eyes lock and I back away to stand close to the door.
‘You are leaving!’ 
Why do things like this always happen in fiction and in real life? Couldn’t I just walk out the door smoothly and have he figure it out when I am gone?
‘Yes.’ I say simply, or maybe I should be a little firm or hurt his feelings so that he relents on the issue because I can imagine Charles flying his way here and I don’t have much time left.
‘Maybe I didn’t make myself clear when I said that I don’t want you to leave?’
I gape at him, ‘stop talking like you own me.’
‘You are making a mistake.’ He says
‘I am making a mistake!’ I resound his words, ‘well staying with you will be a very big mistake.’
And I have experienced enough treacherous mistakes to last me this lifetime and the next. But I am sure that getting away from my tyrant father and him is not a mistake. I am simply just trying to survive all this without getting into more chaos. And based on what I have eavesdropped (and I beg to differ on that point because it happened by accident) his life seems to be more dramatic than mine I don’t want to be a part of that.
‘I can take care of you.’
‘I have heard that before.’ I move towards the door but he doesn’t move though that doesn’t mean he couldn’t just bolt after me and catch me in two strides. The disadvantages of being a small person.
He sighs, giving up on the hard stare, maybe he has figured that I’d seen and experienced enough tyrants from father I simply won’t back down because you have put on a scary face.
‘Please just stay and hear me out.’ He holds up his hands towards me, holding that gaze I can feel my defenses slowly starting to thaw. I mean the man looks so sincere in his plea but I quickly recover myself, I have to get out of here—now!
‘no.’ I snap more forcefully than is necessary, ‘I don’t want this.’ I gesture between us, ‘you live in your own world that I wouldn’t dare step a foot in,’ he scowls, yeah I have to stop speaking my wild ideas out loud, ‘I mean I am not the girl for you—this thing is just off balanced – and you may just be confused about your feelings for me.’
There I said it. Now acting as the counsellor. Well someone has to. I was obsessed with Taylor enough to blindly want to throw myself at him but the thought of a real relationship makes me cringe. I mean I still don’t know what I was after when I was chasing him around but still--- no I don’t have time to explain this I have to go.
‘I have to go.’
‘No!’ he says flatly
I just shake my head and turn to the door, stepping out in one stride and he’s already behind me. I turn to face him and back away towards the gate. Is he really going to stop me? Man handle me?
‘I don’t want to hurt you.’ Taylor says, appalled by the expression on my face.
‘Then what are you trying to do?’
Because why else would he be here hovering over me like an old mother hen?
‘I--.’ He runs a frustrated hand into his curly afro hair and either I am totally screwed up or thoroughly obsessed to the point of no return because seeing him run his hands through his hair makes my fingers twitch to touch it. Maybe I could just feel it one last time. I mean it’s not every day I get to meet a person with such a lovely phenomenon of hair covering his head. 
I clench my fists—earth to Heather! And I instantly snap back to the present. Taylor’s lips are moving, he is saying something and I manage to catch the last part of his sentence, ‘but I feel differently about you—it’s simply too late to stay away from each other right now,’
I blink at him, ‘does that make any sense?’
Of course it doesn’t make any sense, I didn’t hear half of what he said because I was busy fantasizing about running my twitching fingers into his hair.
He looks at loss with himself for a moment then narrows his eyes at me that is when I distinctly hear tires screech to a stop outside the gate and Taylor doesn’t even flinch because well I am the only one expecting my tyrant in trainee fiancée to drag me back to slavery.
I hear the car door slam shut and I jump away from the gate as if it would bite me and yes I get behind Taylor staring at the gate as if it has the teeth of Jaws.
‘What--.’ Taylor is still deciding between what is going on and who it could be and what he could do to lesson my being freaked out when a heavy knock erupts on the gate. It makes me flinch again
‘Heather!’
I glare at him, maybe not the way to react to the only human being on the planet who is at least concerned about your well-being but it was because of him that I couldn’t get away on time
‘It’s Charles!’ I choke out, ‘he’s going to take me back.’
I watch his rigid expression as he put the puzzle pieces together, ‘you were running from him?’
I nod, ‘yes.’ My eyes are wide as another knock comes. 
‘Heather!” Charles calls from the other side of the gate. That surprises me and I pause mid-fright because the man never seemed like the dramatic type. Either he really cares about me or father does owe them a huge amount. Though I still haven’t figured out what marrying him would benefit them unless they are planning to butcher me and sell my kidneys.
Taylor slowly walks to the gate and pulls it open. I swear he glanced at Hunter as if contemplating to release the vicious animal on him. Hunter himself stands erect with his ears stuck upwards and large eyes fixed on the gate. He should just release the dog, I second the motion.
As soon as the gate is open enough for a human being to fit through, Charles jumps inside the yard and Hunter bellows a bark at him barring his teeth. Charles does look like he was running a mile, though I don’t know how that happens when you are driving a car. He is wearing a complete suit, only his tie seemed to have been carelessly loosened along with another button on his shirt. 
And yes, I admit again for a hundredth time that I am screwed up because at this moment seeing the two men standing together I do consider them fitting for duet photos of drool worthy male models.
‘Who are you?’
‘Heather come!’ Charles ignores Taylor, ‘why are you here with this man.’ He finally turns to glare at Taylor. Whoa if looks could kill.
‘Why are you here?’ I still manage to ask anyway
‘What kind of question is that?’ Charles snaps first time seeing him angry and yes I definitely have to run from this one, ‘we are getting married tomorrow.’
‘I don’t want to.’ I snap back, ‘why did you come here?’
‘You are here with another man.’ He keeps his gaze locked with Taylor’s. Taylor remains impassive and is studying Charles closely. Now I’m not sure which of the two men is scarier.
‘oh look what the cat dragged in.’ Celine drawls as she emerges from the front door and comes to lean on one of the verandah colonnades with her arms folded against her chest. Charles looks at her and his eyes widen a little bit.
Celine gapes at him and laughs, ‘why this is very interesting!”
What the—
Charles collects himself and looks at me, ‘let’s go Heather!’
‘no.’ I fold my arms, ‘you need to leave,’
‘I am not going anywhere.’ He says absently because he seems to be thinking about something as he glances at Celine then back at Taylor. And he looks nervous all of a sudden, ‘why are you here.’ He ask me
Taylor tilts his head to one side and the two men seem to share a silent dialogue, if I am not mistaken. And I am not mistaken but I just don’t want to consider the possibility that these two know each other. Or to put it more clearly, Charles just recognized Celine and then Taylor. Who are these people? 
I know that Taylor’s father could be a prominent evangelist—or so I was told. But I have been a Church goer for a long time to recognize people’s behavior around preachers to know that this was not the reaction. There is something else. I feel my gut twisting in alarm and might I remind you that I usually don’t experience gut instincts, and right now I know Taylor could turn out to be more dangerous than Charles and father. That automatically set me into a panic mode.
I hug my bag tighter and start to march towards Charles but I don’t make it past Taylor before he grabs my arm, snatches my bag from my hands and hands it to Celine. All I can do is gasp and gape and Charles is watching him warily.
Okay—I am now official screwed. 
‘let’s go!’ he holds Charles gaze as he speaks and with so much authority that Charles pockets whatever drama he had come grilling to spill and turns outside the gate. Even I silently trot beside him as he pulled me to Charles’ car. 


Chapter Ten
I dare not open my mouth as Taylor and I slide in the backseat and Charles is driving us home. I suddenly have the urge to cackle loudly—how did this happen again? How the hell did I end up in the same car with the man I am supposedly engaged with and the man I kiss on a regular basis? And why is Taylor going to my house? Oh maybe this is just a wild guess but is Charles going to tell them that he found me in another man’s house and introduce Taylor?
I sit rigidly beside Taylor who has is keeping a possessive hold of my hand. Maybe when we get home I could just dash out and make a run for it because (I am not trying to be a creep) but I foresee possible murder in the near future. 
And maybe Charles drove fast back as well because we are suddenly in front of the gate and one of my uncles is pushing it open. With one glance in the car he takes in the scene, scowls in confusion then his jaw drops open.
He closes the gate as soon as Charles parks his car in front of the garage and rushes into the house. I can almost see him announcing the scene to everyone and my stomach does an uncomfortable twist I think I’m going to be sick.
Charles gets out of the car and strides towards the house. I pull my hand out of Taylor’s and rush out of the car. Only he is faster than me because before I reach the front door he has taken hold of my hand again
‘Let me go!’ my voice is strained
‘Don’t do that.’ He says as he knocks on the door once and pushes it open. My entire body freezes as I take in the scene in the living room. Of course they are all there—as if their lives were so boring they attended any gathering every chance they got. 
No one is sitting down, the expression on their faces is priceless as pairs of eyes land on me then on Taylor and then our joined hands. I try to pull my hand but he holds it firmer. This again reminds me of the Korean drama part when you bring an unworthy guest to a dinner party.
Aunt holds Mother’s arm because for a moment there she seemed like she was about to collapse. Father’s eyes are locked on Taylor. Again that flicker of recognition.
Taylor greets everyone respectfully and introduces himself. I am just the statue of liberty the whole time. Mother and Aunt start a timid inquisition and Taylor is very polite and civil with them. No one has sat down yet and I figure the situation does call for standing up.
But I do need to sit down or I will collapse from a nervous breakdown.
‘Sir,’ Taylor faces my father, ‘Mr Charles, can I talk to you?’
My heart skips. What? This time I’m the one who holds his hand firmly.
‘It’s okay.’ He whispers to me before he gently withdraws his hand from mine and follows Charles and Father to the office.
Okay? Nothing is okay! I am not okay—I feel like I am about to have a freaking heart attack how is that okay? I sag into the couch and an involuntary sigh escapes my lips as I try to not meet mother and aunt’s gazes.
‘So he is the cause.’ Aunt begins. ‘I can imagine, the man is very handsome.’
‘Looks rich as well.’ Mother adds
‘Is he rich?’ aunt asks me
How should I know? Is Taylor rich? I don’t know—I know close to nothing about the man, and yes that is the first time I think that out loud without trying to ignore the creepy feeling I get from that fact. 
‘Heather?’ the two women speak at the same time. I peer at them through my lashes.
‘What’s really going on? I thought you were happy with Charles.’ Aunt says
‘You are to meet his parents this weekend.’ Mother adds
Yes I am very aware of the fact and that is the reason I wanted to run for the hills screaming. But of course mother and aunt have no idea that father has a debt that is over his neck and is using me to clear it.
When I don’t say anything they begin to wonder between themselves
‘She ran to another man’s house!’ Mother says with a shudder.
‘How long has she been seeing him?’ aunt mirrors mother’s expression.
‘maybe she is pregnant!” aunt gasps as if she just had an epiphany.
‘So she will have to marry him.’ Mother says with finality in her voice
That makes my head to snap up and look at them, I just don’t like the topic of marriage right now
‘Say something!’ aunt cries in exasperation.
I open my mouth to say something and the room grows silent. I swear even my uncles who pretended to leave the room for the kitchen are straining their ears at the moment.
I clamp my mouth shut. I can only say the truth and the truth is something I really shouldn’t say at the moment. Unless I have a death wish. Or maybe I could just go along with their theory. But that is complicated as well. There is nothing going on between me and Taylor to consider marriage between the two of us. Nothing happened between us. Unless hot passionate kissing in considered defiling then I guess I am screwed. And I am screwed at the moment because I should be saying this out loud but I am too shocked by the present predicament to find my voice,
Two pairs of eyes are fixed on me with the unrelenting need for answers.
‘I don’t like Charles.’ Is all I manage to say, which is a major disappointment for the two because I should say more than that—explain why I ran away from home yesterday and why I spend the night at Taylor’s house and the most important of all elaborate to the two women that I just slept there and not with him and maybe I can find the words to explain my weird relationship with the guy.
‘Why didn’t you say anything?’ mother asks, clearly appalled
Why can’t I see the world through my mother’s eyes? Everything is so simply black and white. It’s either I like the guy and I don’t and I can just bow out. 
‘You like Taylor?’ Aunt asks and I nod, that’s true enough. I like Taylor. Like is an understatement. I am obsessed with the guy, ‘did something happen between the two of you?’
Of course something happened it’s not as if I can convince them otherwise. They will never get it because I don’t get it either,
‘Heather start speaking right now or I will whip the answers out of you.’ Mother gives up trying to be democratic and I know she will whip me. You don’t irritate an African mom and get out of it unscathed. ‘Why did you come holding hands with another man?’
‘We already asked that.’
‘And she did not answer it!’ mother says
I squirm in the couch, ‘I really like Taylor!’ I say timidly
‘We have figured that out!’ aunt raises an eyebrow at me.
Oh my god I didn’t murder anyone here okay? But presently the idea is not so out of the question if these two keep asking me of things I have no answers to. Okay, I do have the answers but it’s something they would rather not know about.
I feel my brows start to grow beads of sweat, in times like these you make up stories just to cover yourself but my head is blank at the moment
Someone clears their throat, saving me, because I was going to experience death by eyes situation. All three of us turn to look at the three men warily as they diplomatically make their way into the room and sit in designated places.
Silence falls for a moment, I keep my eyes to the floor. There is a lump in my throat threatening to end my life.
‘Heather!’ father wants me to raise my head. So I decide to look at him instead. My heart is cooking pumpkins inside my chest with a thick rich broth.
‘We had a long talk.’ Father begins, ‘and I will just summarise it all for you.’
I clench my fists together because I suddenly feel tingles all over me. You know the kind of itchiness that you are not so sure where it’s coming from.
Aunt and mother stare at him, their gazes moving between the three men. It’s historically correct that father never comes with a liberating announcement whenever he has a long talk in that office of his.
‘Charles will not be taking Heather as his wife.’
The statement resonates resoundingly in my mind’s administrative department before it hits home and I blink at him in shock. No way, he is about to drop a bomb. It couldn’t have been that easy to call all this off. The issue has been stressing me for a month and a half and he just can’t call it off without releasing another hell for me to experience. He is a tyrant after all
As if to prove my point a small smile appears on his lips and I know nothing liberating is about to some out from those lips. The suspense is killing me I am about to burst
‘Rather,’ pause, oh he is enjoying this—the tyrant, ‘Taylor has been with my daughter so he will marry her.’
I feel like collapsing. My jaw drops open. What the duck?
‘Oh of course,’ Aunt’s voice pierces through my shocked silence, ‘that makes sense!’
Why does it make sense? I am about to have a panic attack. Marry Taylor! Wasn’t it only hours ago when I had an epiphany that he is more dangerous than Charles?
Somebody should just delete my existence!
‘Heather!’ father stretches his hand to me. I stare at it as if it will bite me. ‘Come.’ He smiles gently
And father never does gentle smiling, unless he is about to add more misery to my existence. Like he is now. I am officially from the frying pan to the fire.
I rise out of the couch, not feeling my legs and more like wobble to where father is standing and I place my small hand into his large one.
Holding my hand in a ceremonial manner, he leads me to where Taylor is standing and places my hand in his. Even at this moment when I am thoroughly freaked out, I still feel tingles from our contact. A shiver runs down my body and I feel nauseous. Taylor squeezes my hand and I don’t look at him.
‘This is the right thing to do. She will leave with him today.’
‘Oh what to do?’ mother is about to have one of her nervous break downs, ‘what about Charles?’
‘This is what it has come to.’ Charles says in a calm voice. ‘I cannot take a wife who has been with another man.’
Ah seriously are we in the nineteen fifties? And this is all just made up crap. The real reason why father is marrying me to Taylor remains in that office of his, why are they making me the villain in all this I‘m not the one who took the debt from a bunch of twisted loan sharks! 
‘I apologize for the way it has happened.’ Taylor says in his polite civil manner that he seem to have adopted lately, ‘but I love Heather and I will take care of her.’ He looks at mother, yes I finally look at him because the man just declared to my entire family that he loved me.
Mother sighs and manages a shaky smile. ‘You must.’
Father claps his hands together startling me, ‘and that’s settled then.’
Taylor hold me against him as I sway and I’m about to fall. I need to lie down. I don’t feel so good.
‘Oh and you have my blessing.’ Father is too blithely with this, I’m sure money is involved in all this. ‘You kids go along, we will meet and discuss other details another time.’
‘Oh but we must discuss them now.’ My reasonable aunt hedges, ‘surely you are not sending her with him right now.’
‘What difference does it make?’ Father raises his voice. ‘She has already been with him all sense of purity is gone in this issue.’
I swear I hear Taylor growl and his hold on me tightens. This is bad. Something is going on.
‘Besides, her brother and my brother are not here, we will do the whole thing later and I am not keeping what’s another man’s in my house.’
And just like that, I am officially kicked from my own home. The whole time when my bag is packed and loaded in the taxi is a blur. I think I was in a state of shock. The kind of shock that makes you a zombie and rubs all the mind of any thoughts. That kind of shock. 


Chapter Eleven
Leave it to Taylor to drag me to a fancy restaurant later at seven pm just after the news bulletin on the radio. And I have to say none of the heinous headlines I heard compared with my present life crisis. Yes crisis. When the taxi had pulled at his house I had thought of curling on the bed and pretend I was having one of those nightmares. But he drags me here instead. In this fancy place with dim lights and soft music as if we are celebrating an occasion. And I proudly announce that I didn’t say a syllable to him. And I plan to not say anything to him as we sit on our table and I’m holding a menu to my face which I am not even reading.
‘Are you going to keep on ignoring me?’ he asks behind the menu on my face.
What is he expecting? A honey moon? Since we are married traditionally and all? And I have watched too many thrillers to not be tempted to pound him and shut him in the closet if he so much as touches a hair on my body.
‘Heather!’
I contemplate hitting him with the menu but it’s not hard enough. I tighten my hold on the thing before I put my violent thoughts into actions.
‘Are you ready to order?’ of course the cheery waitress comes to disturb my hiding place with her cheesy smile and bating eyes. Oh she is just doing her job but I don’t remember flirting with good looking guests as part of the work responsibilities. Well I can almost forgive her since the man is too attractive for his own good and I am currently furious with him I don’t care if he smiles back at her. Giving her encouragement. Like he is doing now.
I narrow my eyes at them and the waitress scurries away like a frightened cat while Taylor sits back in his chair, a grin tugging at his lips. If he grins I swear—
‘I don’t think I’ve ever seen you this mad before.’ He says, ‘I ordered for you I hope you don’t mind!”
My mouth lifts into a sneer, ‘I don’t mind.’ I resound him, sounding like a twisted creep who has already murdered half the actors in a horror movie, ‘of course I don’t mind… you can just do whatever you want, even marry me behind my back.’
He chuckles. Wild and I freeze, with wide furious eyes, my heart beating rapidly. How can he laugh so easily at a time like this? 
‘Did you just laugh?’ I continue with my creepy tone
He clears his throat, ‘no.’ he deadpans, ‘I have never heard of anyone marrying behind someone’s back before.’
I fold my hands on my lap before the urge to bang the table loudly overcomes me. 
‘Why—no- how could you do such a thing?’
He better give me a good answer or I swear—
‘I wasn’t going to let you marry Charles!’ he says simply. Like that is an explanation. And he better not try to be evasive with me I don’t mind chortling the answers out of him. ‘I wasn’t planning this Heather I promise.’
‘Oh I get the feeling that you were planning a lot of things Taylor.’
‘Please calm down and let me explain.’
‘Calm down.’ I hiss, ‘you are not marrying you.’
‘You have something against marrying me or marriage all together?’
The death glare I cast at him makes him blink a little.
‘I know how this seems Heather and I’m sorry… I couldn’t think of any other way to get you out of there.’
Get me out of there. Is he talking like he just saved the day? I just went deeper into the crap because of him.in fact I would have had a better chance of escape out of my situation if he hadn’t showed up in the first place.
‘Why did you follow me home?’
‘Don’t you think that’s irrelevant right now?’
‘No it’s a relevant question and I want the answer. What did you talk about in father’s office and don’t even try to sell me the traditional cultural crap because that’s what it is—a load of lies, I have been in that office before.’
‘What do you think this is about?’
Why is he asking me questions when I want answers? Why is he infuriating me even more? I can see that he is doing all he can to dodge this topic. I thought he wanted to explain and I feel like I am the one being interviewed.
This is just stupid, why am I even putting up with this? I don’t want this. I want to break free from father’s arrangements for once. 
‘I thought you wanted to explain.’
He regards me with that look that makes his eye color change. ‘You wanted to leave!’
‘What?’
Why is he talking about that considering that I never got to leave in the first place? Man I almost had a heart attack back there like I am about to have one now.
‘You were just going to leave without even hearing me out.’
‘It doesn’t matter to me, I don’t want to stay with you Taylor I don’t like you that way.’
‘Don’t lie to yourself.’
I scoff, ‘you are the one lying to both of us.’
‘why would you say that?’ the man manages to look offended by the prospect that I think he may be a little confused about what he feels for me. I am no expect in this field but there is no way Taylor would want to spend the rest of his life with me, we are worlds apart and did I mention that I consider him dangerous right now. I really quite don’t remember what I had based that theory on but it felt reasonable enough for me to want to run back to Charles
‘We are practically strangers.’ I’m not sure I could explain this one to him, ‘I mean- who are you?’
As I say the words out loud they become too real. Who was Taylor? Who was he really beyond the Business Ethics tutor and the form of my obsession? He must be something to have made father release me when he needed me to take care of such a huge debt. To make Charles bow out of the issue and it seems everyone just succumbed to his wishes. There was no fight, there were no second thoughts. And yes, they didn’t even stay long in father’s office, meaning it didn’t take long for the man to change his mind and chase me out of the house.
He understands the depth of my question because his dark brown eyes are now covered with a glassy color and I know there is a story behind that. 
‘What do you mean Heather?’ he says the opposite anyway and I have run out of patience. I’m not sure what I have gotten myself into but I don’t feel good about it.
I feel bile rise to my throat. Oh please I don’t feel good about most things in my existence. And wasn’t I just trying to live my motto to stay invisible? 
I can say that didn’t go so well considering that here I am now with a stranger. Yes, he has suddenly become a stranger now. Reality does that to you. Makes you to see things for what they are.
It breaks cruelly into your day dream with its realistic events and bends your fantasies to ugly truths you can’t escape. I hate reality.
I close my eyes and run a hand on my forehead. I have an imaginary headache and its paining me badly.
‘What do you mean who am I Heather?’
I raise my head, ‘what don’t you get? You seem to know Charles and father seem to know you—and if by some crazy coincidence that is the case I want to know how and why’
He narrows his eyes thoughtfully, ‘do you really know what your father does for a living?’
I shrug, ‘besides squandering money from loan sharks and construction I have no idea.’ I snap, ‘tell me why three grown men came to the conclusion of this arrangement?’
‘I already told you that, I don’t want you to leave, he was not going to stop chasing after you.’
‘You don’t want me to leave or father wouldn’t stop chasing after me which one is the reason.’
‘Both,’
‘First of all, leaving is my decision, you have no right to hold me here against my will.’
He shrugs nonchalantly, ‘well that boat has already sailed, and you can’t leave me.’
I stare at him and he stares back. What have I just gotten myself into?
‘You--,’ I search for the words, hopefully ones that would knock him out of his chair in a heartbeat. But he suddenly seem so tired. Whatever they unloaded on each other in that office couldn’t be good. If he thinks this is enough to tie me to him my whole life he got it all wrong. I am leaving, starting now
I push my chair out and yes that surprises him and I’m on my feet the same instant.
‘Heather!’ I hear him as I march out of the restaurant.
I increase my pace, snaking past the sea of bodies. It’s past seven pm and people are returning home from work. The streets are swarmed. I feel tears sting in my eyes.
I have reached the third stage now. First was shock, anger and now I am terrified and depressed. He really meant it when he said that he won’t let me leave. Somehow that scares the crap out of me. Something must be wrong in my lifetime for me to keep meeting all these creepy people. To have been birthed by the creepiest person on earth. Father is creepy.
I should have known he is creepy, why does that surprise me? The man never bothered to show up my whole life. I only saw mother back then. And then he came up when I was caged in a jail cell and signed a deal with my perpetrator. And he just did it again
Except Taylor is not a perpetrator. He could be my second night mare. So what happens to me now? What is the man planning to do with me? The whole marriage thing is a load of crap, and I have seen enough horrors to recognize crap when I see it.
I hug my arms as I wait by the zebra crossing. The traffic is a nightmare during this time. I join a small group of pedestrians who are waiting to cross to the other side.
And of course it dawns on me that I have no way of escape, no money, not even my cell phone. Taylor made me leave all the things in his house. Or maybe I was just too disoriented to even carry anything.
And as much as it pains me to do, I turn around and start making my way back to the restaurant. I hate this feeling. This being so helpless like I am at the moment. And the funny thing is that no matter how much I hate it I can’t seem to escape from the bondage. 
I imagine I am wearing a menacing look as I sight him standing coolly in front of the place. Like he has no worry in the world. The tyrant.
He smiles gently when he sees me. It almost seems like a fond smile, but I won’t fall for that.
My head and my heart are at war regarding this issue. No matter how infuriating and ridiculous it is, I still feel a familiar tingle when I see him. And when he comes closer to me and wears his jacket on my shoulders. Invading me with that bewitching scent of his.
‘You knew I had no way of running!’
His lips curl into a half smile, he’s not even denying it. ‘Stop running off, I told you that you are not good at it.’
I contemplate stomping on his foot. But that would be childish. And tantrums are not getting through to him. In fact the man is so relaxed about this, of course he is, he has all the data and I am just the third party in all this. I hate that as well.
He holds my shoulders, draws me to him and plants a long feeling kiss on my forehead. My traitorous eyes close as his warm lips touch my skin.
It was easier to run from Charles, I wasn’t attracted to him.
‘Let’s go home,’ he whispers.
‘Home? In case you forgot I was kicked out of mine.’
He draws away a little to look into my eyes, ‘your home is with me now.’
Yes, and that simple statement manages to take my breath away. Maybe I am an incurable romantic. And I am rendered speechless. It’s not fair that he has to affect me this way. It’s a crime in fact, a big wrong.
He hails a taxi and soon we are cuddled in the back seat on the way to Taylor’s house. Point of correction, he has me possessively snuggled against him. Yes that description makes me feel better.
‘I didn’t buy you Heather if that’s what you are thinking!’
‘But you did bring out money!’ I accuse,
‘It was not for buying you.’
I shift out of his arms and I sit facing him. ‘So what happens now?’
He searches my face for a moment, ‘whatever you mean.’
‘What do you want to do with me?’
‘What kind of question is that?’
‘Why are you not answering my questions straight up like a normal person?’
‘Like a normal person—and I am not.’
‘No normal person do what you did- you just barge into people’s lives and cause havoc.’
He leans over to me and I lean away, ‘you did the same to me—and I will answer your questions, right now is not the time.’
I narrow my eyes, ‘I say that it is—I won’t be able to sleep all night until I get what this is all about.’
A half grin, ‘maybe you won’t be sleeping.’
I lean further away, ‘you are crazy, and don’t you dare touch me.’
He keeps inching closer, ‘why that’s surprising—I thought we were already past this phase last night.’
I feel heat going to my face as my heart sky rockets into a rapid beat, ‘that’s different.’
‘How is that different, we are married now, it shouldn’t be a problem.’
I glare at him, ‘that’s because of you, you – married me behind my back,’
‘Yes you already said that.’
I glance at the back of the taxi man’s head. Either the man is a total creep (that wouldn’t surprise me because everyone around me is turning out to be creepy.) Or he is enjoying this and can’t read an SOS situation when he sees one.
Taylor moves away and returns to sit place to my relief. I sit up straight and still inch away from him.
‘This is weird. You only wanted to sleep with me out of wedlock.’
‘Stop mention the marriage thing it’s creeping me out.’ I snap.
He smiles, ‘still this is kind of interesting, maybe I should have waited a bit.’
‘So are you saying that you married me for that?’
He gives me a steady gaze, ‘I told you that I want everything, this is one of those things.’
I turn away from him and look out the window, he had been the reasonable one last night and then turned when I mentioned leaving. What is wrong with him? I am pretty much freaked out already, why he is creeping me out some more.


Chapter Twelve
As soon as the taxi comes to a stop I rush out of the taxi and jump into the gate. Hunter barks and of course I jump because I seem to forget that he exists as long as I don’t set my eyes on him. When I try to slide the glass door open, the thing doesn’t even barge. I groan. I hate this door.
And just like de-ja-vu, Taylor’s hand comes from behind me and he slides the door open. Only this time I don’t turn to look at him. I just want to be as far away from him as possible.
Inside is warm and smell as good as always. I walk around the couch which is by the door. I need to sleep on this and formulate a proper interrogation for him in the morning. Let the shock of today wane a little bit. I am about to reach the entrance to the hall way when his arm hooks around my waist draws me against a strong body. His warm breath fans the crook of my neck. My body betrays me by responding to his touch. I just melt.
Like plastic under smoldering heat. My breath hitches when he plants a soft tingly kiss on my skin and starts to trail kisses along my jaw. I plan to wiggle out of his hold and rush to my room, safe from all this intense feeling he has started in me from inside the taxi but my body turns to melt into his and I meet his lips in a deep passionate kiss.
I shouldn’t be kissing him. I should be getting some answers. What he did was so wrong on so many levels. Why can’t that register through the heady feelings that have clouded my mind. He pushes me against the wall and presses on me. Either he feels the same way or the man has just figured out a way to get to me.
Just as I reach the point of surrender, he pulls away and cradles my cheek with his palm
‘We will talk tomorrow I promise.’ He whispers
I am still coming down to earth. ‘Okay.’ is all I can manage to say
But as I finally mange to get into my room and close the door. I promise myself that when tomorrow comes, I am finding a way to run from Taylor. 
I am not confident that I would be able to leave but I must. I just know it.


See what happens next in the next book of the worn series:
Extract from Torn
Chapter One
My traitorous stomach rumbles loudly again for the third time, disturbing my escape plan. Maybe not exactly a plan, but it’s better to have one than not.
I rub my tummy as I try to redo my mental check list. The initial goal is that I need to get out of this one way or the other. I am not sure what the story behind all this madness is but being sold to loan sharks and being send off with a stranger is practically the same thing. Okay, maybe not your everyday stranger—but Taylor is a stranger to my family—or not? 
The situation is still standing in an unfortunately imbalanced way between my two weird assumptions. But my assumptions are related to one thing that I know father swings between; money. I know that with Charles, money had to do with him being the loan shark. I’m not sure how Taylor comes into the whole picture. Unless he paid the loan for father—which would be the simple conclusion but this current madness doesn’t not dwell on simple explanations. Simplicity has never been a partner in my existence and I don’t need to start including it now.
I run a hand over my face, I could just go out there and get the answers from him instead of trying to figure out all this by myself. But I still need a plan for that as well.
Oh what good will it do? I have never been able to get information out of people and I don’t plan to start studying how. Besides, given my life history, digging up information always unleashed monsters for me. But of course, I never dug the issue of my murdered friends. I could blame it on my mental imbalance for two years but deep down I know I am afraid of what the truth will be. Just as I am afraid of what this truth is.
Oh whatever. The real truth right now, is that I am married. And I am here, with no way out whatsoever. Well I haven’t figured out one yet. And right now I am having a headache from thinking about all this. My stomach rumbles again reminding me of my other problem. I will eat first and clear my head before I go down this tunnel again.
I climb out of bed and walk to my bathroom bag. I am done with a shower and a change of clothes in less than twenty minutes before I get out of my room. It’s awfully quiet in the house. It always has been quiet, but today’s silence has an eerie feeling to it. I have the strange feeling to tip toe and peer into the kitchen, but that would just be weird. So I walk noisily into the kitchen, because I don’t want to walk into another weird conversation of things that are clearly none of my business.
And just as I thought, Celine and Taylor are in the kitchen seated in a way that shows that they were having a conversation. And doesn’t she look intimidating with her hands folded in front of her on the table and her eyes slowly leave Taylor’s impassive face to land on mine.
‘Well good morning Heather.’ She flashes a smile which is nothing more than plastic.
I flash my own back at her, ‘good morning Celine.’
Taylor’s chair scraps on the floor as he stands up and walks to stand by my side and easily swings his arm around my shoulder. Celine’s eyes narrow a bit as she tries not to roll her eyes. At this point I would gladly roll my own along with hers. But I look up at Taylor and the smile plastered on my face says – what the hell?
‘Good morning!’ his smile is almost genuine, or I am just not sure why he would smile genuinely at me when I am clearly trying to send him a message that I am not so glad to see him right now.
‘Morning!’ I say as I easily slip out from under his arm and sit myself in an empty chair. Maybe I should have bolted for the door but Celine does that part because she quickly stands and leaves the kitchen, a clear indication that Taylor and I have to talk.
‘What did you tell her?’ I ask my eyes still lingering at the kitchen entrance that Celine had just vanished
‘About what?’ Taylor has managed to pour a cup of coffee for me and a plate of breakfast the time I was staring after Celine’s kitchen departure. I turn to glare at him but gladly accepts the cup anyway.
‘I really can’t do this this early in the morning.’ I mumble under my breath as I pick up the fork and start on the eggs.
‘I agree.’
I keep my eyes fixed on my plate other than fixing him with another glare which he deserves at this moment
‘Did you wake already annoyed with me or you just didn’t like the way I avoided your question?’ he asks when the silence was just growing unbearable
When I lift my eyes I am satisfied to see that he is kind of nervous
‘Oh so you knowingly avoided my question?’ he starts to speak and I interrupt him, ‘don’t mind answering that.’
‘I just want you to eat, you just woke up.’
I put my fork down and his eyes follow the movement before they come back to mine
‘Why are you doing this to me?’
‘I really don’t know what to do when you are like this?’
‘Whose fault is it? You are the one—.’ I stop mid-sentence. I really can’t do this right now. My head ache starts to reemerge and I need to take care of my stomach. He is the reason I didn’t eat dinner and I am not skipping breakfast. Losing my appetite has never been one of my traits when I am overwhelmed with emotions.
I pick up my fork and I start to eat without looking at him.
If I can just figure out how all this happened I may just find a way out. Never have I wanted a way out of my situation so badly. And this is something that a part of me isn’t really fighting, which is weird—I am weird—
But this is all just a mess, like a wrong drama line that is just being patched up together with a bad ending. The one that ends with the main character either dead or meaningless. These are too heavy thoughts for the morning and yes I have said that a lot of time already because right now it’s the only thing that is making any form of sense.
‘Can you accompany me somewhere today?’ he breaks the silence again.
I lift my eyes to meet his, ‘where?’
‘A park!’
I really hate this evasiveness and no, it never bothered me to never really know what was going on before but right now I do. I don’t have the time or will to try to figure out exactly how it came to this point of me trying to understand the state of my environment. It’s also because of him. I regard him as if that is an epiphany. 
‘Please say something Heather, your silence is creeping me out,’
An evil smile starts to form on my lips and I press them to stop it. Since my words didn’t seem to get to him maybe my silence will.
‘Fine!’ I mumble and put my fork inside the plate before lifting my plate from the table to the sink. I come back for my cup and I put it inside the plate. I wonder how early these two woke up and were able to have such a long conversation and make Celine of all people to act like that. Okay I haven’t really known her for so long to form an opinion but the small interaction I witnessed between her and Charles said tons about the woman. In conclusion, stay clear of her.
I am not surprised when strong arms circled around my waist and his chin rests on my head. I stare out the kitchen window before my traitorous eyes begin to close. And my hands grip strongly on the sink because my even more traitorous hands want to touch him. I can’t help myself, the man puts his hands on me every chance he gets, even when I am currently trying to ignore him. And it also doesn’t help the situation that I am like a big fat cat wanting to be patted in his embrace.
‘I am going to change, and then we leave!’ he murmurs, his soft voice sending vibrations all over me. 
I manage a jerky nod and I feel his lips curl into a smile where he was just planting a kiss on the side of my temple. The man knows how I can’t stay nonchalant to his touch. But at least now I managed to not touch him. Wild appears with pouted lips as if saying—yeah let’s see how long that will last!—
I don’t turn around until he lets me go and I am sure that he has left the kitchen. My body sags as I exhale loudly. I take out my phone from my jeans pocket. When I look at it, it then occurs to me that I don’t have a stream of friends like normal people do who I can just randomly call and say
‘Hey guess what? I just got married to that guy I had a crush on and used to stalk around can you suggest how I can get out of this?’
No I don’t. Because I had established a life motto to stay invisible, for no one to look at me, no one to notice my existence. I didn’t want friends, I didn’t trust the word friend. The closest thing I had to a friend was Judith from Church, who doesn’t even know anything about me. If she did, she would run for the hills. The reason why Taylor didn’t run is the reason why I am afraid of all this.
I can’t have this kind of life. It’s not the life that I wanted. When I did recognize my infatuation with Taylor and blindly explored it I had not pictured all this. This is just more than I can handle.
‘Started over thinking yet?’ Celine’s smooth knowing voice snaps me out of my thoughts and my eyes land on her. She is now out of her pajamas and is dressed in a lovely maxi dress that make her equivalent to an African princess. Her hair is in a burn above her head and a few strand escape as she tilts her head to regard me with that icy stare. ‘Taylor tells me that you are married,’ pause and I have a lump in my throat that has disabled my speaking abilities, ‘he doesn’t say much, maybe you can tell me how that happened?’
I take a deep breath, so he didn’t elaborate it to Celine either, or why would she lie to me?
‘I don’t know either.’
Celine raises and eyebrow, ‘oh come on, it’s not like you flew to Vegas and got married overnight.’ She says testily, clearly displeased with the current situation. Well that makes two of us sister.
‘I don’t-
She waves her hand at me, ‘are you trying to tell me that you married a man and you don’t know how that happened?’
I just shrug
‘You are the epitome of innocence for such a conniving gold digging whore.’
My mouth drops open.
‘I know you are following Taylor because of his riches and his status—don’t you think you are overdoing it a little bit? Just take what you want and leave.’
A certain fog in my mind clears. I shouldn’t blame the woman, because to an outsider like her, this could be the only logical explanation to this whole thing. But in my defense I have no idea of Taylor’s status or wealth and even if I did I don’t care about that.
‘Say something, maybe I can get you out of this unscathed.’
My heart starts to race, my theory about Taylor being dangerous coming to reality.
‘I really don’t know.’ I find myself confessing, ‘I really don’t.’
She tsks shaking her head, ‘you are already in too deep, it will be hard to safely get you out but I do take pity for the lives of the girls that Taylor ruins and I try to save those that I can. And believe me when I tell you that you don’t want to know what I am saving you from, if you value your life beyond throwing yourself at men like Taylor, you would give heed to my warning and follow my lead.’ She winks and holds my gaze as we both hear the door closing and Taylor approaching the kitchen.
Taylor walks past Celine and comes to take my hand. I try hard to mask my shock and Celine discreetly smiles at me in approval.
‘Don’t talk to her.’ Taylor tells her coldly, which throws me into another confusion. He has such a mercurial attitude towards her.one time he is so fond and tender with her and another time he is harsh and cold. Like he is right now.
‘I was just getting to know your wife.’ She smiles innocently, ‘she is very pretty.’
‘I know that.’ He starts to pull me out of the kitchen, ‘stay away from her.’ He cast her a warning glance before we eventually walk out of the house to the garage.
I don’t look at him as he opens the door and I slide in the passenger seat.
Celine’s words are a mantra like echo in my mind. I don’t ask him any of the questions flooding my mind as the car turns into the road and we soon join the rest of the traffic. My one and only fear has only been magnified. I have married a stranger. No, to put it more honestly, the stranger has claimed me and I may as well be in deeper hell than I have ever experienced. Or maybe I have already jumped out of hell but I am still lurking around its premises. If my life is going to turn out like this.






Books in the worn series
Worn (part one)
Torn (part two)
Born (part three)
Sworn (part four)
Dawn (part five)


