
Xander’s Chance
#1, Damian Eternal Series
 


A War of Gods spinoff series


 
By Lizzy Ford
http://www.GuerrillaWordfare.com/
 
Cover design by Regina, Mae I Design
http://www.MaeIDesign.com/ 



Smashwords edition


 
Xander’s Chance copyright © 2013 by Lizzy Ford
 Cover design copyright 2013 by Regina at MaeIDesign

All rights reserved.

No part of this book may be reproduced in any form or by any electronic or mechanical means including information storage and retrieval systems, without permission in writing from the author. The only exception is by a reviewer, who may quote short excerpts in a review.
 


This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents either are products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events or locales or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.
 

 
See other titles by Lizzy Ford
Website: http://www.GuerrillaWordfare.com 
Facebook:  http://www.facebook.com/LizzyFordBooks 



You can follow the GW team on Twitter: 
@LizzyFord2010
@J_Pringle2012
 


Twitter hashtags:
#pnr #paranormal, #romance, #paranormalauthors, #vampires #amreading
 

Prologue: Xander’s Origins

Chapter One

The boy ran through the crowded marketplace, dodging merchants’ carts and weaving through the patrons. Masked and hooded to hide his deformity, Xander relied on his special senses, the ones that no one else possessed. He was able to see, hear, smell and predict the actions of those around him. The world moved like it was in slow motion, giving him time to react with unnatural agility.
A full head and shoulders taller than other kids his age, he had lost the ability to work with the rest of the street urchins. No one took pity on a young man in a mask the way they did a cute little boy with dirty hands and huge, innocent eyes. Xander was forced to learn to use his special skills to steal from the market’s patrons rather than beg with the rest of the kids. He was able to creep up, snatch a purse and run before anyone registered that the hooded youth ever approached.
Today, however, he wasn’t lifting anyone’s coppers. He used his gifts to get him home, fast, after another of his senses tipped him off. Sometimes, he could even hear the thoughts of others. It was this strange talent that warned him of something very bad.
He reached the hovel he shared with his mother beyond the edge of the city, where all those who lived in poverty were similarly exiled. The one-room shack was neat, with pallets on one side, a fire at its center, a small area to prepare food and crates lining one wall that acted both as storage and seating.
Xander yanked the door open and froze. His mother – who had been sick for weeks – was not alone in their home. A well-dressed noblewoman knelt beside her still form. The stranger wore well-spun clothing and carried ornate weapons with bejeweled hilts. Her kidskin boots alone were worth more than everything Xander had ever stolen combined. 
“Who are you?” he managed at last.
“Come in and close the door, boy,” the wealthy woman directed.
Xander obeyed. He didn’t remove his mask and hood, even within the confines of his home. The stranger glowed strangely in the otherwise dim lighting. Her aristocratic features were pale and her eyes exactly as Xander’s mother had once described them: the hue of spring. They were pale green with silver rings that seemed to liquefy and swirl as Xander watched.
The sudden sensation of falling made him clutch the door frame. The feeling that there was someone else in his thoughts made him shake his head viciously.
“How old are you, boy?” the woman asked.
“Ten summers.” Xander’s surprise turned to concern for his mother. “She cannot serve you today, ikira.”
“I do not seek a handmaiden, boy,” the stranger said. 
Xander crossed to his mother and knelt, wary of the stranger. His mother spoke of a rich woman often, one who sent her on errands when his mother was not wanted at the whorehouse where she made what living was afforded a poor woman beyond the marriage age.
His mother was so pale, like the bodies of the dead he saw tossed in the channel at the other edge of town. His attempts at braiding her dark hair the way she liked it had ended up in a series of knots, because he didn’t quite understand how to do it and his man-sized fingers were too clumsy. 
The instinct that warned him flared again. Her mind was too weak to talk to him anymore; she’d gone silent this afternoon.
“Take off your hood,” the stranger said.
“My mother forbids it.”
“Son, your mother is nearly gone.” There was a soft note in the haughty woman’s voice. “You do not hide yourself when you pay your respects.”
Xander’s eyes were glued to his mother. He hadn’t wanted to admit that the sudden muting of her thoughts was a sign of her sliding into death. It made no sense. She’d been sleeping for weeks; surely she could stay sleeping until she was rested enough to fight the illness?
He removed his hood and mask and inched away from the stranger. The two times in his life he recalled people seeing his eyes – which glowed like the red gem at his mother’s throat – were not pleasant. He was beaten once, at the age of seven, and the second time, his mother was. 
“Good boy,” the woman said.
Xander held his mother’s hand and lifted his gaze. The stranger didn’t flinch or curse or scream or run. Instead, a slow smile spread across her face. It was not a warm smile, like Xander’s mother gave him, but a kind of smile that left Xander scared, without knowing why.
The stranger placed silk-lined gloves on the ground and removed her cloak. 
Xander barely resisted the urge to touch the finely woven garment with a fur lining that was certain to be the softest thing in the world. With his extra sensitive senses, he often found himself lost in the feel or scent of things. Right now, he wanted to touch the lining, to see if it would bring him comfort. At his silence, the stranger looked where he did. 
“You like my cloak?” the woman asked.
Xander nodded.
“Take it. It’s yours.” She handed it to him. 
Xander was instantly fascinated by the sensation of downy fur and cotton spun so finely, it was like silk. He dug his dirty hands into the depths of the folded cloak, relishing the feel of it, then hugged it. What would it be like, if the whole world was so soft?
“Your mother never spoke of me?” the woman asked.
The question drew Xander from his wonder. He forced himself out of his senses and draped the cloak over his mother. It was the kind of finery she should be wearing, instead of being trapped in rags at the edge of the city. He hadn’t been able to steal enough coppers to replace even her boots and almost sighed. If only he was like the stranger: powerful enough to buy a home and wardrobe worthy of his mother.
“I think so,” he answered finally. “She said there was a woman who came to see her three days every five, with eyes like the first leaves of spring.”
“Good. What else did she say?”
Xander shrugged. His attention shifted to his mother, whose breathing was shallow enough, he barely heard it with his super sensitive hearing.
“She told me about you,” the woman continued.
Xander braced himself, waiting for the rejection he knew would come.
“She said you are a thoughtful, sensitive, strong boy with a unique gift,” she said. “She also said, when her time came, for me to find you and protect you. It’s why I’m here this evening, boy.”
“She will be well come morning.”
“No, boy, she won’t. And neither will you.”
Xander stroked the cloak draped over his mother’s arm. 
“I know how you feed. I’ve never seen anything like you, but I think I know what you are.”
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” Xander whispered.
The mention of feeding made his stomach roar to life. He hadn’t eaten in a week, afraid of making his mother sicker by drinking her blood. He managed to catch a few stray rats for food, but they tasted different. Gross. He even tried to eat real food, like his mother and everyone else around him did. He ended up too sick to steal coppers.
The noblewoman withdrew a delicate knife and flicked the inside of her wrist with the tip of the blade. The scent of blood ensnared Xander’s senses like nothing else. Gaze riveted to the crimson drops, he instinctively opened his mouth for his incisors to have room to emerge.
She gripped his chin firmly and lifted it to what light was in the hut. She observed Xander’s fangs as they grew. With apparent satisfaction, she released Xander and placed her bloodied wrist to Xander’s mouth.
Xander recoiled. 
This woman’s blood didn’t smell like any blood Xander had drunk. This smelled sweeter, like nectar. It compelled him in a way that made him frantic to run away, before he crossed the line his mother warned him about and caused harm. As if reading his mind, the stranger spoke.
“You will not hurt me,” she assured him. “In fact, you cannot hurt me.”
Hunger pulsed through Xander. He was unable to keep from inching forward. One drop then two fell to the ground, and he almost flinched at the thought of his only real food in a week escaping him. 
“Just close your eyes and drink,” the woman urged. “You cannot bury your mother if you’re too weak to carry her, can you?”
Shaking his head, Xander knelt beside her. This time, when she placed the bloody wrist to his lips, he sank his fangs into it. The woman didn’t move, didn’t react. 
The warm liquid that filled his mouth was as sweet as it smelled, and unlike anything he ever experienced. His whole body felt alive for the first time. He became aware of the subtle movement of air beneath the front door, the cloudlike cloak clenched in his left hand and gritty dirt beneath his right, the trickle of blood down his throat to his gullet.
She withdrew, and Xander was shocked to feel the hunger gone after so short a drink.
“You see? You didn’t hurt me.” The stranger touched her other hand to the bloodied wrist, and the wounds healed. “All gone.”
Xander sat back on his heels, guilty and uncertain about what he’d done. He looked again at his mother. Would she be upset with him?
“There’s a place where everyone tastes like me. Not only that, but they are barbarians, like animals, that feel no pain. You could walk around without your mask and feed whenever you were hungry.” The woman then asked. “Do you think you’d like such a place?”
Xander hesitated then nodded. 
“I’ll take you there. They will treat you like a god. You will have power unlike any other creature in either world.”
“Power,” Xander repeated.
“Yes, boy.” Her eyes flared with light. “Power beyond your dreams. No one you love will ever die again, and you can punish men like your father, who cast you out. How does that sound?”
Confused, he said nothing.
“There are more of us, boy. Special people like you and me.”
“I’m not special,” Xander said matter-of-factly. “We are here, because I am deformed.”
“Your mother told me. Your father tried to send you away for your deformity, but she wouldn’t let him. So she went with you to the streets?”
Xander swallowed hard with a nod.
“He did this to her and you. He put you on the streets, made her sell herself to keep clothes on your back. Now, she’s dying.”
“I know. I hate him,” Xander said. Heat crept up his neck and into his face. 
“As well you should. He made your mother suffer. She loves you with all she is, Xander.”
“I know.” Just like that, his anger was gone, replaced by sorrow.
“Do you hate him enough to seek revenge, to right the wrong he’s committed against you and your mother?”
“Yes. But she won’t die.” 
The woman studied him. “If she does? What will you do? How will you eat? Where will you live?”
Xander was unable to grasp how something like that might come to be. He grappled with the answers. There had never been a world without his mother. All he had to do was keep feeding her soup every night, and one day, she’d be better.
“She won’t die,” he repeated. 
The stranger’s face softened with the warmth of pity, a sight Xander was accustomed to. Most people saved that look for his mother while casting uncertain or suspicious looks at the masked child who followed her dutifully through the city.
“Do you know the tavern with the sword and dagger on its sign?” the noblewoman asked. Once more, the silver ring flared to life and spun around her cool green irises.
Xander nodded. The sense of falling once more made him clutch the cloak.
“In the morning, I’m leaving from there for the place I told you about. If your mother has passed, will you consider joining me?”
“She’s just sleeping.” 
“I understand. However, if something worse comes to pass, you will have a choice to make. You can serve me in this new land, where you will never have to hide what you are. We will build an army unlike any that has ever existed, and we will use it to seek revenge on your father for betraying you and her.”
Betrayal. Revenge. Something within Xander shivered at the thought. Was he excited or scared by the idea? He hated the man who threw them out. The emotion was stronger than hunger and sorrow. 
“Or, you can stay here and pray no one ever finds out what you are. They won’t spare you. But,” the woman added “it’s your decision. Life is about choices, boy, those you make and those you don’t. You will need to learn that quickly.”
She rose as she spoke, gloves in hand. 
“I wish the circumstances were different. Be that as it were, I anticipate seeing you in the morning.”
She strode to the door and left, closing it behind her. 
Xander stared after her then crept closer to his mother. Her skin was warm still, her breathing faint. Her mind, however, was gone. She wasn’t there to help him any longer. 
The green-eyed stranger was right; his father did this to them. Xander touched the soft skin of his mother’s face. He made a fire and prepared her nightly soup. When he finished carefully feeding it to her, he curled up beside his mother under the heavenly cloak. He drifted into restless sleep, praying his unusual visitor was wrong.
He woke in the middle of the night to check on her as he did every night. His mother’s body was as cold as the extinguished fire. Xander pushed himself up, eyes on her blue lips and white skin. She didn’t appear dead; she was as flawless as the marble statues he saw once when he ventured to the wealthy side of the city.
He felt nothing, seated beside his dead mother, except the prick of anger. Born to a wealthy merchant family, she’d been disowned when it became known what kind of deformed child she bore. She wouldn’t be buried in the ethereal silks of the wealthy or have her hair inlaid with flowers and perfumes. Her body wouldn’t be placed in a funeral pyre or surrounded by family and friends who bore her gifts one last time.
All because of his father. He rarely thought of the man he didn’t remember, but since the stranger’s visit, Xander wasn’t able to get his father out of his mind. He couldn’t control the surge of adrenaline he experienced whenever he thought of sinking his teeth into his father’s neck and draining his life from him, the way his father drained his mother’s life.
Obsessed with the thought, he rose and began digging in the hut. Anger and sorrow gave him strength. He dug for hours, until the shallow grave was nonetheless large enough for his mother. He cleaned his hands of dirt then knelt beside her. With great effort, he worked the knots free from her hair and braided it one last time. Far stronger than boys many years older than he was, he bent and lifted her, carrying her to her permanent resting place.
Xander arranged her dress and hair with care. She was still beautiful, even worn down by the life she’d been forced into. His gaze settled on the only piece of jewelry she owned, a red gem that matched his eyes on a strip of leather around her neck. She’d worn it his whole life. 
Did he take it, so he had something to remember her by? Or was it disrespectful to take her only treasure?
He sat in thoughtful silence for a long moment before he retrieved the rich stranger’s cloak. He draped it over his mother’s body. The gem meant something to her. If the stranger really did take him away from this place, he didn’t want to go alone, with nothing to remind him of the woman who gave up her life for him. 
Xander gingerly pulled the necklace free and rearranged her hair. He placed the cloak over her body and covered her face, not wanting to get dirt in her dark hair. 
Before the sun was fully on the horizon, he pushed the last armful of dirt into place over the low mound and sat back. Xander tied the necklace around his belt and stood.
He missed her already. Pain struck him so hard, he gasped. It was followed by the stark reality that he had nothing – and no one – else to go to. He was hungry and alone.
Pain turned into an emotion almost too strong for him to control. 
You will have a choice to make.
Revenge or death. Xander’s fangs grew. His mother never held a grudge against his father, and suddenly, Xander didn’t understand why not. How was she unable to see what his father did? 
Xander’s eyes settled on the mask and hood he dropped near the door when he arrived the day before. He hated them, too, and how they’d always come between him and his world.
The stranger spoke of a land where he was accepted and never hungry, where they’d build an army to kill his father. 
The fury within him grew. He swiped the mask and hood from the floor and put them on. With one last look over his shoulder, he stepped into the early morning air. 
Xander engaged his senses and trotted through the nearly vacant streets. The tavern where the woman told him to go was in the center of the city. He slowed as he neared the tavern, taking in the amount of armed men gathered outside at such an early time. His eyes spotted the form he sought, and he wove his way through the crowd, trailing her down a quiet side street.
The stranger turned, her bright eyes on Xander. She didn’t seem surprised to see him. She had a new cloak, one that appeared as soft as her other one. Aware of his dirty appearance, Xander wiped his hands on his worn breeches. 
“You’ve made a decision?”
Xander nodded. “I want revenge.”
“Good.” That smile again, the one that scared him, crossed the stranger’s face. “Where we are going, you don’t need your mask. My men will not harm you. From this day forward, you will never have to hide again.”
Xander reached up slowly. He pushed the hood back first and shivered at the breeze that ruffled his dark hair. Peeling off the mask, he waited for the world to crash down around him and people to lynch him.
Nothing happened. The indirect sun was warm on his face, and he was surprised how much better he was able to see the world without the depths of the hood hindering him. He dropped the mask on the ground. 
“Have you ever heard of a human, boy?” the woman asked him.
“No.”
“They are the barbarians I told you about. We will conquer them and return here, once we have created an army.”
“To kill my father.”
“Yes.”
The rage stirred and with it, Xander’s fangs. The image of his mother lying serenely in the grave he made her was engraved in his mind. There was nothing that would stop him from punishing the man who left his mother to die alone.
“Are you ready?” the stranger asked. “I will teach you to kill without mercy and turn the humans into obedient beasts. Together, we will teach your father that betrayal is rewarded with vengeance.”
Xander nodded. No one will ever betray me again.
“Come with me.”
She led him into the tavern and up a narrow stone stairwell that went to the roof. They emerged into the morning sun, and Xander shielded his delicate eyes from the brightness. 
They went to the edge of the stone roof. From this point, Xander was able to see most of the city, including the white dome of the palace at its center that marked the home of one of the three Gods that ruled the immortal realm. He’d never been to the middle of the city, mainly because it was walled off and guarded. He didn’t know what lay inside the dome, but he saw how large of an area it incorporated. It was where he was birthed and spent only a few weeks before his mother was cast out.
Pain registered once more. 
“There are two realms, boy, the human realm and ours. Right now, we are not strong enough for our vengeance,” the woman spoke softly. A fire was in her eyes, the cold smile on her face again. “In the human realm, you will grow powerful. Do you know what happens then?”
“I kill my father.”
“Yes, boy, you will. You will become the man who slaughters the Grey God.”
Xander gazed up at the stranger. “How do you know all this?”
“I’m an Oracle, a creature from the human realm who has the ability to see the future. My name is Eden.”
“I will grow strong enough to face a God?” Xander asked.
“Why else do you think your father threw you out? You will become more powerful than him.”
Xander focused on the dome. He would make his father pay for tossing them out. 
“The next time we stand here, you will have marched through his streets with my army at your back and claimed his life. The streets will be awash with blood. You will become so strong, no one will ever be able to hurt you again. Would you like that?”
“Yes, ikira Eden,” Xander said quickly. “What must I do?”
Eden was silent, but that smile again was on her face.


Chapter Two

Twenty years later
Immortal world

Eden stood on top of the tavern overlooking the immortal city of the Grey God. The two visions that haunted her since she was a child were forefront in her mind. As an Oracle, she’d foreseen this moment in time, as well as another. Both were possible, until this very moment, where she would know if her efforts to save her world succeeded.
She paced along the rooftop, waiting for the dreaded vision to fade. In order to prevent the destruction of the human world, she’d taken an aggressive, borderline reckless, course of action. One that had to pay off. She, Eden, the Original Human, would be the one who saved the human realm by killing the Gatekeeper, the God who maintained the bridges between worlds. With the bridges open, the threat she’d foreseen was going to overtake the human world.
“What happens next?”
She spun. The man before her – a Watcher by his glowing green eyes and the Original Watcher by his unusual height of nearly six feet – was smiling. One of two immortal sects whose war threatened the realms, the Watchers were supposed to keep their noses and hands out of human affairs.
“The Grey God falls, and my kind is safe,” she replied instantly.
“No, Eden, what happens next?”
She knew what he was asking. With a unique vantage point into the world, the Watchers were able to perceive what she couldn’t. She was an Oracle, a human with the spotty ability to predict the future. The gift served her well. It let her amass an army unlike any that had ever existed and showed her the key to victory. 
However, here was where the gift’s usefulness ended.
“I’ve had no other visions,” she said. “Nothing beyond this moment.”
“Do you ever wonder why?”
“Certainly. But clearly, I am meant to be here, now, to fulfill this destiny.”
“Your involvement doesn’t end here, not if you want anyone to live through this.”
Eden studied him then faced the dome marking the Grey God’s palace. She strode to the edge of the roof. The streets of the city were littered with dead. The armies of vampires spared no one. Warriors, women, infirmed, elderly, children. All fell beneath the creatures she created in the human realm and used the bridges to cross into this one. The city would be completely dead before morning, decimated within a day.
“It is what it is,” she said.
“Is it?” the Original Watcher asked. “There are only five of us Original Beings meant to exist. The Human, Watcher, Other, as-yet unborn Immortal and Vampire. Only one is a predator.”
“He kills out of necessity,” she said.
“You fed a predator human blood, and then you removed any kind of restraint standing between him and his nature.”
Eden said nothing. She wasn’t certain where her perfect killer was right now. Assuming she’d done all she was supposed to in order to achieve her goal, she would know his location within minutes. 
“You have become the only thing holding him back. You replaced his mother; it’s how he views you.”
“He is no threat to me. You fear for your own life, Watcher?”
“We Originals cannot kill one another without destroying the worlds,” the Watcher said.
No sense of humor, Eden said to herself.
“I am simply curious at what cost you are willing to pursue your goal. You cannot see it, but I can see what happens next.”
“Pray tell.”
“You have the ability and the army to protect your realm and seize them both, if you desire.”
“Good,” she said, pleased. 
“I’m not the only one who knows this,” he said, smiling. “The Watchers and their sworn enemies, the Others, are uniting. The Black God and White God are becoming allies. Combined, they have the power to stop you.”
“Let them come.”
“They won’t come for you.”
Eden’s attention shifted from the blood-soaked city to the creature beside her. She tested her vision once more. It showed her nothing. 
“Humans are afforded special protections in most cases. You’re safe,” he added. “Vampires?” He shrugged.
“They are inconsequential. Non-sentient beasts that kill,” she replied.
“They were human once,” he reminded her.
“There are sacrifices in any military campaign.”
“You are driven by something other than power. I cannot say the same for your precious Original Vamp.”
One vision shimmered in her mind. Eden held her breath. The image of her world being destroyed was hazy, fading. 
Gone. 
Xander succeeded in slaughtering his father, the Grey God.
The sudden release of the pressure built up over a lifetime made her too weak to stand. Eden dropped to her knees and closed her eyes. She released a deep breath then sucked in the humid air. Had she ever been able to breathe without the vise of her destiny squeezing her chest? 
“It’s done,” she whispered. “My world is safe.”
“What happens next?”
“I’ll take what I want from your realm, Watcher.”
“Then you will lose the only other thing you hold dear. There is a reason your Sight brought you here and no further. You have to choose, human.”
“I’m not afraid of your alliance. Nothing can stand between Xander and victory.”
“On that point, you are correct. Nothing will stand between Xander and turning the worlds into this level of destruction. Nothing but you.”
“Sacrifice is –“
“You saved the human world. You won’t let anyone – even him – destroy it.”
“We’ll return to the mortal world and live normal lives. He will do as I say.”
“For now.”
Irritated, Eden’s eyes cracked open. It was her moment of triumph. For the first time in her life, she didn’t want to think about what happened next. She wanted to sit in this moment and relish it, take pride in the fact she achieved an incredible victory, even if those she did it for would never know.
“I am here, because we Originals are obligated to one another.” The Watcher knelt beside her. “You have what you want. If you don’t stop now, there will be nothing left. The boy you adopted is now an animal without restraint.”
“I don’t intend to destroy your precious world,” she snapped. “I only wish to save mine.”
“Which you’ve done. Now, you have an obligation to the monster you created. Put the leash back on him or the Watchers and Others will kill him. It might take every last one of them to do it, but they’re willing to.”
“You’re threatening my Xander?”
“I’m telling you the future I See. If you don’t cage him now, you lose the ability to curb the animalistic side of him. You will conquer the worlds. He will die. You are a fan of choices, Eden,” the Watcher continued. “Choose. Does he live or does he die?”
“What kind of monster refuses to kill women? You have no idea what Xander is.”
“Answer my question. Does he live or die?”
Her heart was beating fast. She didn’t fully understand why. She knew what Xander was; after all, she was the one who taught him war and bloodlust. It was the only way to build the army she needed to protect her world. The ten-year-old child she adopted and turned into a killer started as a weapon with no more attachment to her than a sword or dagger. As the years passed, their relationship transitioned from master and weapon into something different. Their armies thought they were mother and son, and she stopped denying Xander was anything else. 
She was the one who healed his wounds until he was old enough to do it on his own. She brought him humans to feed off of and – in the lean years where they’d been struggling to survive – she let him drink from her. In the twenty years since she took him in, she was the only one to offer him protection and respect. The humans and immortals alike reviled him and what he did. Those he didn’t kill, he turned into vampires like the ones she’d let loose on the Grey God’s city.
What did happen to a weapon after a victor won his war? What if that weapon had a taste for blood and didn’t want to stop? She unleashed him without any intention of reining him in again. 
She touched the small, velvet pouch at her waist. Inside was the red gem, Xander’s only belonging, that he’d kept once his mother died. Every campaign, he gave it to her for safekeeping, in case the weapon of an enemy severed the leather cord and it was lost.
The Watcher was wrong. There were two things capable of keeping Xander from falling completely to his nature. She was one; the memory of his real mother the second.
“Which of the immortals sent you?” she asked the Watcher. 
“Do you think they’d give you a chance to save that creature?”
Protective anger stirred at his dismissive tone. 
“He slaughters without mercy and control. You alone want him alive. Neither world would be worse off, if he was gone.”
Not true. 
“He was not always a beast,” the Watcher mused. “Do you remember what he was before you trained him to kill?”
Eden’s jaw clenched. She remembered the strong, thoughtful little boy whose life she decided to sacrifice for her cause. There was a time she had some heartache about trading his innocence for blood. That time passed, when she saw how dedicated he was to doing whatever it took to reach his opportunity for vengeance. He was as strong as she was in that way, willing to sacrifice anyone and anything.
“Leave me, Watcher,” she ordered. 
The Watcher obeyed. Eden sensed she would only get one warning from any of the immortals who now wanted her Xander dead. There was some logic to the Original Watcher’s statements; Xander was all-but-lost to his bloodlust. She created that side of him for her purposes without considering what happened, once she saved her world.
He was a menace. He knew no discipline or restraint. He didn’t understand the difference between an immortal warrior and a human child, between opponent and innocent. All were traits she developed in him that made him the perfect warrior, insatiable for blood, merciless and ambitious. He knew one way of life, and that way had no place in the peaceful society she hoped to return to.
Even admitting this, she didn’t believe he was an animal. Animals didn’t protect a necklace belonging to their mother or insist their adopted-mother stay where it was safe.
They didn’t decimate cities out of a sense of vengeance, either.
No, Eden definitely didn’t want to think about what happened next. If not for the attachment she let grow to Xander, she wouldn’t be concerned about tomorrow at all. Simply surviving was enough.
Deep in thought, Eden was unaware of how much time passed. She heard him approach from the direction of the stairs some time later.
“The smell of blood is in the air.” Xander’s honeyed growl was low and rich. “It’s done.”
“How does it feel, boy?” she asked gruffly.
“I drank him dry. I took his mind and made him live through it. Gods, it was better than I imagined! His wife, his daughters, his brothers. I spared no one, but their fates were as painful as I was able to make them.”
“You are all that remains of him.”
“This world is all that remains of him.”
Xander came into her line of sight then. He appeared as if he’d been rolling in blood; he was soaked through with it, his eyes glowing with the wildness of bloodlust. A head taller than her tallest warrior, Xander was thick yet agile, his bulging physique covered in skin the same shade of bronze as hers. His fangs were out. 
“I want to crush every last piece of it.” His voice held a familiar fury, one she thought would die with his father. He strode to the edge of the tavern.
“We’ve accomplished what we came for.”
“We’re not stopping.” He faced her. “Look how easy the city fell. I can take the Black God next and the White God. There will be nothing standing when we –“
Eden listened. His eyes flashed bright red, his arms gesturing to the world around as he spoke. Hunger was in his face. Xander stopped speaking and was pacing restlessly, as if ready to fight again already. 
“I grow stronger with each one I turn or kill,” he said, looking at his hands. “In a thousand lives, how much more can I do? In ten thousand? In a hundred thousand? I will be stronger than all three Gods combined.”
“Is that what you want?” Eden asked. 
“What else is there?” He barked a laugh. “We are beyond powerful now, ikira.”
“The goal was to protect my world.”
“Why stop there when we can take what we want from either world?”
Eden’s thoughts grew darker. No, she didn’t think beyond the day her journey was over. There was no dulling Xander’s thirst for war and blood like she might retire a sword. She reached into the velvet pouch.
“Because the worlds will end up like this,” she said, indicating the city. “There will be nothing left.”
“No one to oppose us. Absolute power, ikira. Is that not what you taught me?” 
“It is,” she agreed. “But I value life as well, Xander.”
He looked at her blankly. 
“It’s why I’ve done what I have,” she explained. “I chose to sacrifice a few to save an entire world.”
“We have the skill and the strategy. You taught me how to build armies and manage campaigns. Why save a world when we can rule them?”
“It was never my intention to rule.”
“We will show the worlds the same mercy they showed me. Each life makes me stronger.” Xander continued, not hearing her. “I want … I need more, ikira. We can destroy this world and return to yours to rule. Is that not what you wanted?”
He was right. If the immortal world posed a threat to hers now, it might again in the future. She could permanently ensure there was never a chance of such danger. It would only cost her Xander.
Do you remember what he was before you trained him to kill?
Eden watched the pacing predator, admiring the warrior he had turned into while struggling with a new emotion. No, he was more than a weapon. Xander had long ago become her son.
She didn’t like the feeling; she didn’t believe in attachments, not when she was focused on protecting her world from others. Attachments were vulnerabilities, distractions. Even so, she found herself furious at the idea of anyone hurting him.
No one ever would. No matter what happened this day and the next, Xander was going to be safe.  
Eden touched her Oracle magic. It responded, even when it refused to show her the future. With Xander incensed, he wasn’t aware of the trickle of power she pushed into the red gem in her hand. His abilities were beyond those of any immortal she knew. He was able to hear thoughts and manipulate minds in addition to brute strength that allowed him to tear men in two with no effort. 
He was stronger than she was, had been for quite some time. It never disturbed her before, because he was on the path she needed him to follow.
For the first time in her life, she felt something other than conviction about what she had done. Her adopted son was no longer needed in her world. He fulfilled his purpose, only he was not going to be able to live a normal life in the mortal world like she was. Their ways had to part, because there was no place for her weapon in a civilized society.
Did she cut him free as he was? A menace to the worlds that would destroy then be destroyed? 
Does he live or does he die?
Of all the emotions she expected to feel on the day of her great victory, anger and guilt were not among them. 
“I want to bestow upon you a gift, Xander,” she said. “Your vengeance has been achieved, and my world saved.”
He faced her. “What is it?” His features were open with her; he had never entered her mind unbidden or used his skills or magic against her.
But she was the only one. If she tried to talk him out of the course he wanted to take, she wasn’t certain the hold she had on him would overcome his bloodlust.
I need more. 
“A choice,” she replied. “Between power and immortality.”
“Power.”
“You would choose power over life?”
“Always,” he said without hesitation. 
“Even your own life?”
“Yes.”
“We are a lot alike,” she murmured. “Driven to our causes. Blind to what victory brings.”
“This world can be mine.” Xander’s attention was on the streets that flowed with blood. 
“Yes, it can,” she agreed. But it won’t be.
Eden funneled her magic into the gem. She pulled it free. The spark of fire in the rough ruby was enough to draw Xander from his musings. Protective of his sole treasure, he had never entrusted anyone else with guarding it. 
“Power without mercy is dangerous, son. Does any part of you see this?”
“I’ve never known mercy, and I’ll grant it to no one.”
“I’ve shown you what kindness I possess.”
“I’m the only you’ve spared,” he pointed out.
Eden gazed at him, seeing more than the adopted son or bloodthirsty predator she created. She saw herself reflected in the pacing vampire. They shared much more than ambition and similar mind magic. 
“Mercy is something neither of us understands,” she agreed. She was quiet, weaving a second spell into the crystal. He was too strong for her to place the spell on him without him agreeing at least in part. “Will you do something for me, Xander?”
He glanced at her, waiting.
“Your gift comes with one condition,” she said. “You must learn mercy.”
He scowled. 
“Call it a favor to me.”
The predator paced, not outright rejecting her request but not responding either. She held out the necklace. Its spells were hidden to him, until he placed it around his neck. Xander’s eyes went from the gem to her, the only person in either world that he trusted.
He suspected nothing, especially not that his use to her was gone. Or that she cared deeply about what happened to him. Or that what she did was to make him less of a threat to their enemies.
“Do you agree?” she asked.
“Very well. Absolute power for learning mercy.” He sneered at the words.
The gem flared. He snatched it from her, instinctively replacing it around his neck.
He froze. Eden braced herself, uncertain how the first spell would affect him. Red fog filled the air around him. It swirled and eddied before finding its way to the gem. The smoke funneled into the red ruby, disappearing into its depths.
Xander frowned. She sensed him testing his bonds. The second spell hadn’t hit yet, or he wouldn’t be on his feet. 
“What is happening?” he asked at last.
“I righted a wrong,” she replied. “I didn’t give you power, son. I granted you immortality. No weapon made by man or immortal can kill you. In exchange, you no longer influence the vamps you create. You no longer access the power created when a human is vamped. The crystal sustains you for eternity and binds you.”
The surprised look on his face bothered her. He wasn’t expecting betrayal on the day of their victory. 
“The second spell will teach you mercy. You and I have no capacity for such a thing, but we will learn. If you take an innocent life, you will feel the same pain that life does, only you will feel it thrice over,” she continued. “To give you a sense of what it’s like to harm an innocent, you will first feel the pain you’ve caused throughout your life. One day of pain for every innocent you’ve harmed.”
The idea of him in pain caused the familiar vise around her chest to return. She made him what he was, but his suffering was necessary to ensure his survival.
“Your immortality will ensure you survive the pain,” she added.
His shock wore off, replaced by anger. He gripped the gem.
“You have a choice, Xander,” she said. “The gem can be destroyed to release its magic, but by doing so, you lose all that remains of your mother and me.”
“Simple. I want … need power.” Fury was in his voice. His hand was clenching and releasing the gem. He didn’t remove it.
“You didn’t carry that bauble with you for twenty years to sacrifice it now.”
His hand dropped from the necklace. The emotions flying across his features were too quick for her to follow. She held her breath. Accustomed to extreme risk, she nonetheless was not fully certain that enough of the boy remained to counter the beast Xander had become. 
“You betrayed me,” he whispered. “Like my father.”
“I am doing what I must. Your life is important to me, more so than the amount of pain I must put you through to sustain it,” she replied. “Protect the gem. Whoever has it will have the power to control you – and your magic.”
“I don’t understand.”
“I know.”
She knew the moment the second spell hit. His body went rigid, and confusion crossed his features. Xander staggered and dropped to the rooftop, his body convulsing.
Eden flinched. She spent twenty years healing him. Her only solace: the lesson was worth teaching. It was all that might keep him alive. She crouched beside him. 
“One day, you’ll understand,” she said quietly. “It may not feel like it, but you’ll survive this. Trust me.”
He gave a strangled cry of rage and pain in response. Eden gazed at his writhing body a moment longer before she rose. 
This is how you dull a sword after victory. 
With another brief hesitation, Eden turned and walked away. 
“Watcher,” she said, pausing by the stairs. She suspected he was observing what happened. 
The Original Watcher appeared, confirming her instinct. 
“Tell your kind he is no longer a threat,” she directed. “The vamp army I created is gathering at the bridge on the western edge of the city. Send your people there to destroy them, if it pleases you.”
His eyes went to Xander, who writhed in pain on the other side of the roof.
“Your allies will. Not. Touch. Him.” Eden said sharply. “Do you understand?”
“Provided he poses no danger to us, yes.”
“He won’t. He is paying the penalty for the loss of a hundred thousand innocent lives. He won’t walk for years. That necklace will absorb new magic and prevent him from accessing the depths of his current store.”
“It’ll make a good target for your enemies. His power will be strong enough to destroy a world soon.”
Eden shook her head. “Not unless someone can withstand the release of his mind magic. The gem is protected by it. Even I would fall to his manipulation, if he were to use it on me. No, Watcher, the gem will kill any who touches it.”
“You leave him in such pain, destroy your armies and walk away,” the Original Watcher summarized. “You alone emerge unscathed.”
“Wrong,” she said. “I held two things dear: my cause and my Xander. Today, both are gone.”
The Watcher studied her and then nodded. “Go in peace, Eden. You will be needed here again one day. I will handle the vamp armies you created.”
Eden didn’t dwell on the peculiar statement. Watchers shared what they wanted, and she had no desire to find out what that was. Seconds later, she was back in the mortal world, where she belonged. Instead of victorious, she felt only regret.







Chapter One

Present Day
Los Angeles

Xander made his way through the rave. Multi-colored strobe lights pulsed around the overcrowded, vampire-themed club while electronica drowned out most attempts at conversation. The air was filled with marijuana smoke and the scent of bodies sweating as people danced, drank or huddled with friends. His glowing red eyes didn’t draw attention in a club where everyone was pretending to be a vampire. It was his size – combined with a prey’s instinctive sixth sense warning it of a predator – that caused people to move away from him. 
He always fed at night, and hunger made his senses sharper, especially when he was surrounded by so many potential sources of dinner. His fangs were out in anticipation. With his choice of prey, he narrowed in on a gorgeous blonde who seemed out of place, one of the few not wearing fangs or dressed from head-to-foot in black. She wore a tight red dress and sky-high heels that would put her at his chin, no small feat given he was seven feet tall. She was just the way he liked them: sexy, sleazy, experienced. `
He lost her somewhere around the bar and enjoyed the idea of hunting his next meal-toy. He’d give her the same offer he gave every woman: fuck him or not. None had yet to refuse, and all consented to the orgasmic night of sex and blood. He didn’t turn them into vamps or kill them; he had an agreement with the local Guardians – charged with protecting humans from vampires like him – that he’d let them go. In exchange, they left him alone. 
“X!” a gleeful voice pulled his roving eyes from the club to the small woman in black waving at him.
He waved her away. Ingrid, his assistant by day, ignored him and was soon hanging on his arm, accompanied by a few more fawning wannabe vampires. Her heavy boots trampled one of his feet, and he pried his from beneath hers.
“Didn’t I tell you?” she shouted over the music.
Xander spotted the woman he was tracking. 
“Isn’t this perfect?” she prompted.
“Yeah,” he said, sensing she wasn’t going to stop until he responded.
His dinner was searching the crowd for someone. Xander pushed into the mind of Ingrid to plant thoughts that would leave him free of her. 
“Okay, I’ll see you at work tomorrow!” she said.
He nodded to show he heard. His little human assistant was good for a few things, one of which was finding places like this for him to hunt. She and her friends fell away as he moved into the crowd, towards the blonde. His gaze went over the blonde’s body in satisfaction: tall, slender, flat stomach, large breasts. They probably weren’t real, but he didn’t care, as long as they filled his hands. 
She was staring at him when his visual exploration was over. Xander knew the effect he had on women; they tended to be compelled towards him then melted when he touched them. He peeked into her mind to make sure he had her complete attention. She planned on telling him her name was Kelli, and that she was a model. 
She wasn’t. She was an escort waiting for her client.
Her eyes widened and her chest moved up and down faster as her breath quickened. She licked her lips as he paused before her. He listened to her unguarded thoughts.
“You got plans tonight, Anna?” he asked.
“I, um, am waiting for someone,” she replied.
“The type of men who require an escort for a club like this can’t afford someone like you,” he said, amused by the idea. Only a handful of people in the club were above college-aged, and it was in the wrong side of town for the trust-fund kids from Beverly Hills to stop in. She wouldn’t know that, though, because she was new in town.
“Aren’t you the guy from television?” she asked suddenly. “You have a show or something?”
“The same,” he said. “Wanna fuck a celebrity?” He offered his hand.
She didn’t hesitate and took it. The impact of his touch was immediate. Her gaze turned starry, her body easing against his. Xander led her through the crowd, out of the hidden rave and into the legitimate bar out front. His curiosity satisfied and the hunt over, he was ready to leave the noise of the club for the peace of his condo.
The cool night hit his skin simultaneously with the warning he least wanted to sense. One of the Gods tripped the wards he had set around his territory in southern California.
Ingrid, come here, he ordered his assistant silently. 
The blonde was huddling against him, her hands roaming his body. Normally, he loved the feel of a woman’s soft hands. With the alarm blaring in his mind, he only half paid attention. 
Ingrid all but bolted out of the bar. Tall, gawky with hair dyed blue-black and contacts that glowed red like his eyes did naturally, she wore a I heart Xander T-shirt beneath a leather coat.
“I came … fast as … I can!” she gasped. “What’s wrong?”
“Take her home,” Xander said.
Ingrid made a sound of disgust but took the blonde’s arm.
“Are you coming with us?” the woman asked him, longing on her face. 
“I’ll be there in a few,” he replied, distracted.
Xander didn’t wait for them to leave before he Traveled. Under his spell, the blonde wasn’t going to be phased by the display of magic, while Ingrid already knew he was the real thing. 
He followed his instincts and appeared in a dark alley not far away, knowing who he’d find.
The Black God, Jonny, was one of the three Gods dwelling in the mortal realm. Xander didn’t want any of them in his territory. The nineteen-year-old spun at Xander’s appearance. With dark hair and eyes and the caramel skin marking his Cuban heritage, Jonny was tall and lanky. He hadn’t yet completely filled out. 
“What’re you doing here, Xander?” Jonny demanded, at once guarded and tense. His power made the air around him sizzle.
“I could ask you the same,” Xander said. His gaze went to the body at the Black God’s feet. “You didn’t come all this way to hunt.”
“I don’t owe you an explanation.”
“I can pull one out of your head.”
“It’s not like I knew you were here. I don’t need your permission anyway, Xander.” Jonny searched his gaze. “I’ll be gone in an hour.”
Xander considered him. The girl at Jonny’s feet was still alive. Xander saw brown hair and a young face. She was in her mid-teens with a silver A charm on her necklace that reflected the yellow street light. A deeper probe into her mind revealed that she was a Natural, a human with special, supernatural skills that made her of value to the White and Black Gods. It explained why Jonny didn’t kill her, but it didn’t explain why he hadn’t turned her.
The Black God was up to something. Unable to enter his mind without tipping him off, Xander shifted forward.
“One hour,” he said. “The local Guardians will be here any minute. You haven’t yet learned how to cloak yourself.”
“If you spent less time manipulating me and more time teaching me, I might!” Jonny snapped, referring to the time Xander spent training the Black God to do his job. Jonny had been in the position for under a year. He only made it through the first few months because Xander stepped between the fledgling god and the vamps that wanted to kill their new master. 
“You survived, didn’t you?” Xander replied. “Take your dinner and go.”
Jonny said nothing and knelt. He lifted the teen carefully, his gaze going to her face more than once. Xander almost smiled. He didn’t need to read Jonny’s mind to know the young Black God was reliving something. Jonny’s first kill, the girl that condemned him, was a teenage brunette. In the time Xander spent with the kid, Jonny never killed a girl under eighteen, and never a brunette. 
“Fifty eight minutes,” Xander said.
Jonny mumbled a curse and straightened. Within seconds, he had disappeared. Xander tilted his head to the side, following the teenaged God with his senses. Jonny didn’t go far. He wasn’t hunting for dinner; he was moving with too much purpose. 
The kid was definitely up to something. 
Xander picked up on one of the Guardians from the local station moving towards the alley. He debated following Jonny then changed his mind. Whatever the young Black God was doing, it wasn’t going to affect Xander. He shouldn’t be concerned, but he also knew better than to assume any good was going to come of whatever Jonny was doing. Xander hadn’t survived multiple wars and White Gods tracking him, only to let a teenager fuck him over.
Xander returned to the club. He let the sensations outside of his mind distract him while he checked his watch a few times. True to his word, Jonny left Xander’s at the fifty-eight minute mark. 
Xander received a text a minute later.
I’m coming back tomorrow. Fifteen minutes. Don’t fuck with me. 
Xander laughed. The text sought permission and voiced defiance. He scared the shit out of everyone he met, the Black God included. He put his phone away, more amused by the idea of Jonny waiting for his permission than responding. Instead of going home right away, he went to the last location where the Black God had been.
Hospital. He smelled the blood of the injured from outside the ER doors. His teeth grew in response. He was too hungry to enter without shredding a few humans in the process. Xander used his senses to find the girl within the bright building. Even more interested in what the Black God was doing, Xander lingered for a few minutes then left.
Whatever it was, he wasn’t about to enter a hospital until he’d had his dinner. Xander returned to his condo and his night’s entertainment. 
She wasn’t in his bed waiting like girls were every other night. Xander left his bedroom, irritated, and stretched his senses. He recognized Ingrid’s mind; she was passed out on the couch, curled up with his cat. But there was no one else in the condo. 
“Ingrid,” he called. His mental prod jolted her awake. “My dinner?”
“What? Oh. Oh.” Ingrid looked around, disoriented. “She got hit by a car.”
“Not again.”
“You have to stop putting that spell on them. They’re like blind deer. Just wander out onto the road.”
“Your job is to keep that from happening.”
“All I did was leave her by the car door. She just had to sit. That’s it.”
Xander rubbed his face, agitated at losing his dinner and his night of fun. 
“There’s always me,” Ingrid said hopefully. “You can turn me. I won’t tell.”
“No.”
“Xander,” she whined. “I wanna be a vampire. You promised!”
“I said someday. That’s not today,” he snapped. 
“Pleeeeeeease!”
“I’m not turning you into a vampire.”
“I’ll be your dinner. I’ll sleep with you again.”
“I don’t do reruns. You know that.”
She sighed. “You want me to call one of my friends so you have dinner?”
“No. I’ll find my own.”
“Don’t fire me. Please!”
He pushed into her mind and put her to sleep. She dropped back onto the couch. His black cat leapt from the ottoman onto her chest, content to curl up and sleep. Its glowing red eyes narrowed into slits then closed. If Ingrid didn’t know how to hide his money in offshore accounts, she would’ve been gone long ago. She was a brilliant hacker and familiar enough with the underground internet forums to find him new hunting grounds and blood exchanges. 
Ready to hunt down his second dinner for the night, Xander pulled off his sweater and replaced it with a t-shirt. His phone vibrated, and he checked it.
Training ops. Lost a Guardian. On my way.
The text came from the station chief of the local Guardians. As part of the uneasy truce they had with Xander, they often used him for training for the new Guardians. Most Guardians listened when their station chief, Gerry, told them the rules about not directly challenging Xander. Some didn’t, and Xander usually found them before their boss could interfere. 
Good. Hungry. He texted back then tucked it in his pocket. 
Xander stripped off the t-shirt and his shoes then trotted to the main floor of his condo. He exited out the sliding glass doors off the formal living area that led to the private beach behind the building. The sand was soft between his toes, and he made his way to where the sand was moist but not wet. 
He started his Tai Chi routine, focusing externally while the night filled his heightened senses. The fragrant ocean breeze was chilly as it brushed his skin, and his movements fell into the rhythm of the ebb and flow of waves. He closed his eyes and felt his muscles relax at the soothing routine. He waited. 
The Guardian trainee who intended to attack him triggered the wards Xander set around the building first. He was moving quickly, around the building and seeking shelter among the rocks that lined one side of the moonlit beach to separate it from the property of the neighboring set of condos. 
Xander continued his slow, steady movements, watching the Guardian in his mind. Gerry, the station chief, tripped his wards a moment before the stealthy Guardian crossed the threshold into the ten meter radius around Xander, where he was able to absorb thoughts and manipulate minds.
His would-be attacker was a woman. Female Guardians were very rare, and he recalled the last he faced with a mixture of respect and anger. Xander almost smiled, entertained by her thoughts. She was trying to determine the best way to attack and debating the validity of her boss’s assertion that the human-made weapons she carried were useless against Xander. 
Gerry stayed outside his mindreading range up the beach, his movement stilled as he watched. Xander made it clear who taught lessons to the Guardians who failed to respect the boundaries. 
Xander turned his back to the approaching Guardian to give her a better target then addressed her.
“You have a choice,” he said in a low growl. “You can challenge me and pay the consequences.”
She froze.
“Or back off and go home intact.”
Most Guardians freaked out when he spoke to them. This one was no different. Her first strike might as well have been in slow motion; no one moved like he did with brute strength that flattened her after a particularly harsh block.
Her breath knocked out of her, the Guardian lay still on her back. Xander crouched over her body, one knee in the center of her chest to keep her in place. His eyes scoured her youthful features. She was in her mid-twenties with dark hair and eyes. The effect he had on human women was dulled on female Guardians, but she sensed his strange draw nonetheless and stared at him.
“That is why you follow my directions,” Gerry said from nearby. The tall, blond Guardian built like a college quarterback was frowning. “You get a warning from me, but Xander gets to deal with you how he wants.”
The woman’s eyes widened. “I don’t want to be a vamp!”
“I won’t turn you. Just bleed you dry,” Xander assured her.
She squirmed, eyes flying to Gerry. 
“Gentle, Xander,” Gerry reminded him. 
Xander reached down in response and gripped the Guardian by her neck. He took her with him as he stood. Gerry was tense and worried, as he had been since Xander decapitated the one Guardian who tried to attack Ingrid, thinking she was a vamp, too. 
“Second warning. Don’t fuck with me,” Xander said, gazing down at the Guardian in his grip. “Got it?” As he spoke, his incisors grew. 
She swallowed hard without responding. He held her by the back of her neck, high enough off the ground that her tiptoes barely touched the sand, and forced her head back, until the soft skin of her neck was exposed. His eyes went to the visible pulse. Even without accessing her mind, he could see she was panicking.
“You move, it hurts. You don’t, it won’t hurt as bad.” Xander gave the typical warning.
“I hate this part,” Gerry muttered. 
The Guardian Xander held suspended didn’t move and squeezed her eyes closed. He lowered his head to nuzzle her neck, loving the smell of a woman’s skin almost as much as he did the taste of her blood. Normally, he didn’t dampen the pain for the Guardians, who felt the full length of his four inch incisors enter their necks. But he had a soft spot for women anyway and granted what little mercy he was willing to.
She jerked as his fangs sank into her neck. A few feet away, Gerry flinched. Xander drank as much as he did from male Guardians. Easing her pain cost him nothing, but he wasn’t about to go hungry.
She slid into unconsciousness after a few minutes, and her body went limp. He wrapped an arm around her but continued to feed. Her heart started to slow.
Xander withdrew, sealed the wound with a flick of his tongue and licked his fangs free of every drop of blood he could. The rich smell of blood was in his nose, the taste and scent almost as good as fucking. 
He lifted the Guardian over his shoulder and faced Gerry.
“I really wish they would listen,” Gerry said, shaking his head. He let an uneasy smile slip free.
“It only takes once.”
“Is she alive enough to Travel?”
“Take her and find out.”
Gerry cursed. Xander grinned. The station chief almost lost a second Guardian Xander drained close to death and learned the hard lesson that the near-dead should never Travel.
“It’s a long walk home,” Gerry said. “I guess I should be grateful you don’t kill them.”
Xander said nothing. They walked around the building to the front, and he passed off the unconscious woman to Gerry.
“Why don’t you kill them?” he asked, grunting as he shifted her over his shoulder.
“I have nothing to gain by it,” Xander said with a shrug. 
“Can’t teach that lesson to the rest of those monsters you created?” Gerry asked.
“G’night, Gerry.”
The Guardian sighed and turned, starting the long walk towards LA. Xander watched him for a short while before returning to the beach to finish his Tai Chi.
He just slid into the zone when his phone rang. 	Xander snatched it.
“Hey, X, we need your unique set of services.” The caller was none other than Dusty, the leader of the White God’s vampire killing operations for the Western Hemisphere.
“Ask Jule to moderate,” Xander replied.
“Jonny requested you. All three of them are locked up on this one, and the Watchers are getting pissy with us.”
“When the fuck did I become the peacekeeper?” Xander asked with no real heat. He had no loyalties to any of the Gods, a fact that rendered him useful to all three of them when they were in pissing contests.
“I’ve got Cuban coffee. There’s nothing wrong with being universally hated,” Dusty added, amusement in his voice. 
Of all the White God’s brothers, Dusty was the one most likely to understand Xander’s position. The former head of the assassin corps for the White God was revered and feared among the Guardians. His wife was also Cuban and made a damn strong cup of coffee.
“Alright.” Xander grunted in response. He started up the beach towards his condo.
“Short summary: Damian wants to hunt down the Others. Jonny wants the sole existing Tracker back, and Darian wants to kill the Watchers. The Watchers aren’t too keen about Darian’s idea.” Dusty summarized.
“Be there in ten.” Xander hung up, irritated at the constant interruptions this night.
Chapter Two

Jessi staggered under the grocery bags filling her arms. The elevator in her building was half-broken again. It worked, but it stopped a foot short of her floor, which made her load even more precarious. She stepped up and out of the elevator.  Her back foot caught on the lip of the doorway, and she stumbled. One bag toppled then another. With a sigh, she knelt and released all the bags. Her eyes went to the door of her apartment, two down on the right. She grabbed what she could carry and went to her small home.
“Hey, guys, I could use a hand with the groceries!” she called as she entered. She stacked the bags on the couch. 
Silence.
“Please put this stuff away!”
Irritated with the two teenage cousins for whom she was an appointed guardian, she left the apartment to recover the rest of the bags. It was close to seven on a Sunday morning, which meant they were probably still asleep. When she entered again, the elder of the two cousins was putting stuff in the fridge. 
“Brandon, you have to take stuff out of the bags,” she said and kicked the door closed behind her. 
“Whatever.” His hair was mussed, and his state of dress – T-shirt and pajama pants – indicated he’d just woken up. 
“Every week, it’s like it’s the first time you’ve ever seen a grocery bag,” she said. Despite her agitation, she ruffled the eighteen-year-old’s hair fondly. “Get out. I’ll do it.”
“But I’m hungry.”
“You can wait ten minutes.”
The moody teen sighed but obediently left the kitchen and sat on the couch. All three of them inherited the gray eyes of their grandmother, though Brandon and his sister Ashley had dark brown tresses whereas Jessi’s hair was dirty blonde. 
“Wake your sister up,” Jessi called.
“I just sat down.”
“Omigod, Brandon. How can someone so lazy be so skinny?”
He mumbled something as he went to the hallway leading to the bedrooms. Jessi put everything away then glanced at the clock. She had an hour until she had to be at her weekend job. Raising two teenagers in a place as expensive as southern California was not easy. She made do with two jobs, but there was no way to save money for their colleges.
And no personal life for her. She found herself yearning for friends again. At the bistro where she was a weekend waitress, she saw the same friends meeting up for coffee every Saturday. 
Her movement stilled. The last time she’d hung out with anyone was at a PTA meeting. Did mandatory interaction with other parents count as friends?
“She’s not here,” Brandon said.
“What do you mean? Of course she’s here,” she replied. “Did you check the office?”
“Yeah. I texted her. She went out last night.” Brandon’s protectiveness was in his voice. As the elder brother, he took his role seriously, even if it was the only thing he put any effort into. “Didn’t you check last night when you got home?”
“I pulled a twelve hour shift, and you guys aren’t supposed to leave the house without telling me,” Jessi snapped. “Where did she go?”
“I dunno.”
Alarm was starting to form within Jessi. The one night she’d been too tired to check on her cousins before bed … 
“Where’s my phone, Brandon?”
“I’ll call it,” he replied, accustomed to helping her find her phone, keys and wallet when she was too tired to recall where she put them after work.
The familiar ringtone drew them to the couch. Brandon shoved a hand between the cushions and fished out the cell. 
“Yeah, I don’t remember sitting down,” Jessi sighed. “Yesterday was awful.”
“You’ve got like, twenty messages,” Brandon said with a frown. “What if she needed a ride or something?”
“If I don’t know you’re going out, I don’t know you need a ride!” she said, worried. She listened to the first message. 
“Jessi, this is Laurie again, the nurse overseeing your cousin’s care. Please give me a call as soon as you can.”
Jessi’s worry turned to panic. She listened to the next two messages, also from Laurie, and all but dropped the phone.
“What’s wrong?” Brandon demanded. “Jessi! What’s wrong?”
“Your sister’s in the hospital,” she said at last. 
Surprise crossed Brandon’s face. He recovered faster and snatched her purse, rummaging through it before he dropped it on the couch. 
“Where are your keys, Jessi?” 
His raised voice pulled her out of her stupor. She searched her memory for where she might’ve dumped the keys last night. She’d been a zombie and took the bus to the store this morning. Brandon lifted the couch cushions while she crossed to her bedroom and pulled the jeans she wore yesterday out of the dirty laundry with shaking hands. The keys were in the pocket.
“Brandon, I found them!” she yelled.
“What did they say is wrong?” he asked as she emerged into the living area again. He yanked the door into the hallway open.
“They didn’t,” Jessi said. “Just said to call or come as soon as possible.”
“Why couldn’t you keep your phone with you?” Brandon asked angrily.
“Why didn’t someone tell me she went out?” 
They rushed out of the apartment building to her beat up car. Brandon peppered her with questions, until she finally gave him her cell and let him listen to the messages. She pulled onto the crowded street and drove with barely contained patience through the residential areas before flooring the car when she reached the highway. 
Jessi’s head was spinning too much for her to register much of the world. Somehow, they made it to the hospital and managed to track down her cousin’s room. She stepped into the room and saw Ashley in the hospital bed, an unwelcome memory surfacing at the sight of the girl.
Jessi was reminded of the last time she saw the mother of the cousins, a day before her death. Ashley was a spitting image of her mother: brown curls, blue-gray eyes, a willowy, graceful body. In the middle of the white bed, she looked small. She was dressed in a hospital gown, the silver A charm she received for her birthday resting at her neck. The similarities between the girl’s appearance and the memory of her deceased mother made Jessi nauseous.
This is my fault! Jessi screamed at herself silently.
“Ashley.” Jessi was crying by the time she reached her cousin. “Oh, god, are you okay?”
“I’m okay.” Ashley’s voice was groggy. 
Jessi hugged her the best she could, relieved, and stepped back. One of Ashley’s shoulders was bandaged, and her skin was pale. Jessi smoothed the hair away from her face.
“You look awful when you cry,” Ashley said with a smile. 
Brandon clutched his hands together across from Jessi, as if wanting to hug his sister but unwilling to make such a gesture. 
“What happened?” Jessi asked. “Why didn’t you tell me you were going out?”
Ashley’s face grew troubled. “I … it was just to meet a friend.”
“Jessi Campbell?” a nurse asked from the doorway. “If you have a moment?”
Jessi hesitated then left her cousins, assured Ashley was relatively okay and Brandon was with her. She joined the nurse in the hallway.
“I’m Laurie. I’m sorry I wasn’t able to get a hold of you last night,” the nurse said with an expectant look.
“I work two jobs. I didn’t get your message until this morning,” Jessi said lamely. “She’s okay, right?”
“She is. We kept her overnight for observation. She’s got some blood loss, but not much.”
“Blood loss from what? What happened?” Jessi demanded.
“I was hoping you knew.” 
“No, I have no idea. She went out to meet a friend and that’s all I know.”
“You seem awfully young to have two teenagers,” Laurie said. 
“I’m their legal guardian. Their parents died a few years ago,” she explained. “Hence the two jobs.”
“We were ready to call social services this morning before you showed up,” Laurie admitted. 
Jessi’s heart felt like it stopped. “No need,” she whispered. “I’m here. They’re fine. We even have health insurance.”
Laurie assessed her for another minute. Jessi wanted to scream. She was barely ten years older than Brandon, which her parents pointed out every time she had a bad day managing the two teens. If it was up to them, the kids would be in a foster home, a fate Jessi found unconscionable. They were family. Her parents never appreciated what that meant, but she did.
“It looks like she was bit by a dog. Multiple times,” Laurie said at last. “Or maybe some sort of animal. We can’t quite figure out what. The punctures are deeper than a typical dog’s.”
“Bit by an animal.” Jessi wasn’t expecting that. “I mean, she likes animals. Maybe she tried to rescue one. There’s no chance of rabies, is there?”
“We’re treating her for rabies, just in case.”
Jessi grimaced, aware that such treatment involved multiple shots.
“We almost thought we might have a feral cat attack,” Laurie continued slowly. “Not a housecat” she said at Jessi’s blank look “more like a bobcat. This is the fourth event in the past few days. We’ve alerted the city. It’s not completely unheard of.”
“Wouldn’t a rabid bobcat be noticed this close to LA?” Jessi asked. 
“It’s better than what the kids getting attacked are telling us.”
“Which is …”
“The latest in vampire-mania. There’s an active cult in the area. They go around biting people or something bizarre.”
“You think a vampire did this?” One side of Jessi’s lips curled up.
“I don’t. If you ask her, she might say differently.” Laurie looked towards the bed. “If Ashley wasn’t the fourth person to say so, I’d probably refer her to psych for an evaluation. I think she might be involved in some sort of gang or something.”
Jessi didn’t say what she wanted, that prissy Ashley wasn’t the type to roam the streets with thugs. 
“I’ll look into that,” she said. “When can she leave?”
“Now, if she feels up to it. Her prescriptions are ready. She’ll need to see a doctor in a couple of days for follow up shots, and you need to watch the bite wounds for signs of an infection.”
“I can do that.”
“These kids believe anything they see on television. Just once, I’d like one of these so-called TV vampires to come out and tell people it’s all fake,” Laurie said. She scribbled notes on the file in her hands. “First Twilight, then that TV guy, X.”
“I don’t watch much television,” Jessi said, anxious to get back to her cousin. 
“Two jobs,” Laurie repeated. “Maybe you should set up the parental controls on the TV so they can’t watch that garbage, if they have no adult supervision.”
Jessi gritted her teeth and forced a smile. The cousins were good kids. Whatever happened, it wasn’t because of a gang, and they were smart enough to know the difference between reality and what they saw on TV. 
“I’ll start the discharge paperwork. If I could get your driver’s license and insurance card, I’ll start the claims process, too,” Laurie said. 
“Sure, I …” Jessi glanced towards the bed. “Well, my purse is in the car.”
Laurie was giving her the look of assessment again. 
“Brandon,” Jessi called. “Can you grab my purse from the car?”
He sighed and left his sister’s side with a frown. “Keys,” he said.
“Thanks, kid.” She handed them over. 
“I’ll start the paperwork,” Laurie said briskly and started down the hallway.
Jessi released a deep breath. Her chest was so tight, it hurt. First her Ashley was in the hospital, then a nurse wanted to call social services to take the kids away. Now, she was late for work and probably on her way to getting fired.
What an awful start to her day.
She did her best to appear upbeat and went to Ashley’s side again.
“They said you can come home with us,” she said. “You feel up to it?”
“Yeah.”
“You wanna tell me what you were doing last night?”
Ashley avoided her gaze and twisted the sheet with her hands. Jessi recognized the wall the teen girl threw up. She wiped her face and squeezed one of Ashley’s hands.
God, give me patience.
“We’ll talk later,” she said. “Are your clothes here somewhere?”
“Closet.”
Jessi crossed to the wardrobe the same color white as the walls and opened it. Ashley’s clothing was neatly folded on a shelf and her socks tucked into her shoes. A small purple purse sat on another shelf. She retrieved everything and nudged the door closed with her hip.
Turning to face Ashley, she stopped in place. A lanky boy in his late teens stood beside the bed. He was handsome and simply dressed in jeans and a dark t-shirt. He didn’t appear too different than Brandon’s classmates.
Except that there was something … wrong about him. The lights nearest him dimmed while the air around him shimmered, as if he was a mirage. 
“Do you want to introduce me?” He addressed Ashley.
Ashley was pale. Her eyes flickered to Jessi, who couldn’t quite read the expression on her face. It was almost fear. Or maybe the type of apprehensive awe a teenage girl gave her idol.
“Jessi, this is Jonny. He um, he found me last night after …" Ashley drifted off.
“Oh, so you brought her here?” Jessi asked curiously.
“Yes.” 
The instinct that warned her of there being something off about the kid grew when he met her gaze. His look was too intense, too soulful. 
“Thank you,” she said. “Ashley was lucky you were there.”
Jonny said nothing. The awkward silence made Jessi antsy. She crossed to her cousin and set down the clothes at the foot of the bed.
“Could you give us a few minutes, so she can change?” she asked with as friendly a smile as she could manage at the strange teen.
“Yeah. We need to talk.” It wasn’t a request
“Um, sure,” she said, startled as much by the statement as the commanding delivery. “Ash, we’ll be back, okay?”
Her cousin nodded. Jessi went to the door, crossing her arms at the weird charge around the kid named Jonny. It made the hair on her forearms stand up. They exited into the hallway, and she closed the door behind her, standing protectively in front of it. 
“I want to make you a deal,” Jonny started.
Jessi listened, confused.
“You have a skill you’re probably not aware of, but which I need,” he said with pensive slowness. “You use your talent to help me, and I leave your family alone.”
Her mouth dropped open at the blatant threat.
“You live at 537 S. 29th, Apartment 22. Your cousins attend the Day School two blocks down. I know where you work, your schedules, the plate number of your ten-year-old Hyundai. I know what time of day you brush your hair,” he said in the same calm tone. “My friends were gentle with Ash last night, at my request. They don’t have to be. I don’t have to be. Your cousins can simply never return from school one day.”
The strange teen with the dead gaze was serious. 
“Wait, you did this to Ashley?” Jessi demanded. 
“One of my guys did. I could’ve let her bleed out or let them finish her off,” he replied. “Next time, sweet Ashley won’t survive.”
“What the hell is going on?” She searched his gaze.
“I want you to realize how serious this situation is,” he replied, still calm. “You have a skill. You’ll use it. Or your cousins won’t survive the week.”
This had to be a dream. Jessi waited to see if she’d wake up instead of standing in the hallway, being threatened by a kid a little older than Brandon. 
“It’s not that bad,” Jonny said. “Just do what I tell you. Everything will be fine.”
Why didn’t she believe that? 
“This can’t be real. You put my cousin in a room with a rabid dog to coerce me to … do something?” she managed.
“Not a rabid dog.” He said no more but bared his teeth. She stared at him for a moment before registering that his canines were growing. And growing. Like some sort of special effect on a horror movie. They couldn’t be real. He had to be … faking it.
Somehow. They certainly appeared real. 
At her silence, Jonny took her hand. His touch was like shocking herself, and she jumped. It was the first sensation that pulled her from her thoughts. The second: when he sank his teeth into the meaty part of her palm. Hot fire flew threw her. She jerked away and stared. Blood welled.
“Are you listening now?” Jonny prodded. He licked her blood off his fangs. 
“What are you?”
“Vampire, for the most part.”
The nurse’s assertion about there being some sort of cult made more sense. Standing before her was a kid who really thought he was one. He bit her. It hurt. 
“What do you want me to do?” she asked finally. 
“Obtain something from someone along with instructions on how to use it.”
“And you can’t do this? You’re kinda freaky.”
“Your skill makes it easier for you.”
“What skill?”
“One that even I do not possess.” His teeth shortened and turned normal as she watched.
She felt ill. This wasn’t a joke. She wasn’t ready to admit he was a vampire, but his presence, the direct threat, and the fact he’d already hurt her cousin meant he was some sort of sadistic criminal. The idea of anyone hurting her cousins filled her with fury and fear. 
“Look, this is insane,” she said, her shock wearing off. “You need to leave, before I call the police.” She held up her cell.
The teen studied her. Jessi turned towards the door, ready to leave him in the hallway so she could lock herself and Ashley in the room. Unable to explain the weird sight of his teeth growing, she also wasn’t able to believe the weird kid was a vampire.
He rested a hand on her shoulder. Fed up, Jessi opened her mouth to warn him off one last time before she decked him. Fire shot through her, and the world around her warped and changed like in a dream. The door to Ashley’s hospital room disappeared in a kaleidoscopic swirl of colors that made her dizzy. When the world solidified again, she was somewhere else.
Somewhere very different.
This has to be some weird nightmare. Jessi froze, not completely connecting with the fact she stood in a place unlike the coastal southern California area. Wherever she was, she was reminded of Northern California, where she lived until she took up guardianship of the cousins. The morning sun was gentle, the air missing the heavy ocean humidity. Fleetingly, she registered the familiar scent of pine trees and grass and thought of how long it had been since she visited her family.
“I can show you horrible things to make you take this seriously.”
Jessi faced the youth again and stepped away from him, his energy adding to her distress. Jonny’s steady gaze was on her. His hands were in his pockets. Despite the surreal experience, Jessi saw something in his face that reminded her of the cousins. He was a little lost, like they had been after their lives were uprooted by their parent’s deaths.
“I don’t want to do that, though,” he added. “It’s been my experience that watching people get killed in front of you tends to leave you more traumatized than functional, and I need you functional. But I can demonstrate. Do you want that?”
“No,” she whispered. Grass brushed the skin above her ankle, tickling her. A cool breeze ruffled her curls. “This is really happening.”
“Yeah.”
“Are you taking me back?”
“When you agree to do what I want. I can move you from one place to another with no effort. I want you to think about what I can do to your cousins, if I felt like it. Or, I could bury you in this field, where no one will ever find you.”
She swallowed hard and crossed her arms to keep him from seeing her hands tremble. Tall and lanky, Jonny didn’t look like some sort of inhuman creature.
“You’re really a vampire?” she asked.
“More or less.”
“What does that mean?”
“He’s the Black God, the leader of evil in the human realm,” another voice answered. “His army is made up of vamps.”
Jonny turned to face the person Jessi hadn’t heard arrive. He was a small man with eyes that were more purple than blue. There was something about his face that scared her. His features were beyond pale, to the point of translucent, his gaze unblinking.
He made Jonny seem warm and welcoming.
“She’s intriguing,” the man said to Jonny. “Just the one we seek.”
“We were discussing her task,” Jonny, the Black God, said in a tone that was cautious. “I wasn’t expecting you.”
“I mean no disrespect, ikir,” the newcomer said. “I was curious to meet the woman who will claim the gem.”
“Now you have. Get out of my backyard.” Jonny stepped in front of her. 
Jessi resisted the urge to move away. Both were bristling with stormy energy that made her body tingle unpleasantly. She was silent, watching. Jonny was pissed, his stance like Brandon’s when the cousin was on protective mode when guys at the mall flirted with his sister. 
For a moment, she was certain the newcomer was going to hit the teen. At last, the purple-eyed man bowed his head. He disappeared with a wink of purple light. 
Jessi blinked, staring at the space where he’d been.
“I hate those fuckers,” Jonny muttered. “You on board, or am I eating you for dinner?”
Startled, Jessi almost laughed. She caught herself quickly. “On board.”
“Good. We’ve been monitoring the target for awhile.” Jonny faced her once more and pulled free a piece of paper from his pocket. “Here’s the address and time to show up. You’re going to be a temp for a week. You’ll have to get rid of the person who’s supposed to be there.”
“Okay. What if I can’t?” She took the paper and saw the Beverly Hills address. 
At Jonny’s silence, she looked up. His hard gaze was enough of a hint.
“I end up dinner,” she answered her own question.
“No. Ashley does.”
Cold fear filtered through her, taking her breath away at the image he painted. Unable to speak, she nodded to show she understood. 
“Your goal is to steal a necklace with a red gem on it. He wears it often.”
“And who am I robbing?”
“His name is Xander.” Fire flashed in the teen’s gaze. “He’s unusual, but you should be safe from him. Your special gift will protect you.”
“Unusual like you?” she asked uncertainly. 
Jonny shrugged. “You’ll find out.”
She read the paper again, struggling to digest that she just saw someone disappear. And met a vampire. And traveled from the hospital into some field god-knew-where without ever really moving. She had the urge to crawl into bed and sob or at least, never leave again.
“We good?” Jonny asked.
There’s nothing good about this! She thought. “Wait. How do I know you won’t hurt Ash and Brandon this week, when I’m trying to get this thing?”
He was quiet for a moment. “You’ll just have to trust me.”
“Sure, because that makes total sense.”
“Look, you don’t have a choice. I don’t want to hurt them, and I promise not to, so long as you’re doing what you should,” he said, irritated. “I don’t think hurting them is the right kind of motivation.”
What the hell did she say to that?
“In the morning, you’ll have a key code waiting for you,” he continued. “I’ll put it somewhere in your house where you can find it.”
Her mind went to the quadruple locks on the front door and bars on the window. They didn’t live on the nice side of town, but she suspected Jonny didn’t have to worry about security, when he could just use his weird magic to get him places.
“Ready to go back?” he asked and held out a hand.
Jessi closed her eyes and took it. In a matter of ten minutes, her world turned into a freakish nightmare. 
The scent of pine trees disappeared, replaced by the overpowering smell of cleaning solution. She opened her eyes to see the floor was wet, marked by yellow signs. A janitor was mopping down the hall, and she stood once more in front of the closed door to Ashley’s room.
Was any of that real? Had she maybe just passed out and hit her head?
“I’ll be watching everything you do,” Jonny said quietly from behind her.
Definitely not a dream. 
With another curt nod, Jessi opened the door and went into Ashley’s room. Her cousin was dressed and pale, seated on the edge of her bed. The normally upbeat girl with raven-colored hair and gray eyes appeared tired and worn down. The idea that someone hurt Ashley to get to her made Jessi feel guiltier. Whatever was going on, she’d never let anyone hurt her cousins. 
Plastering on a smile, Jessi crossed to her and hugged her hard enough that Ashley objected.
“Sorry,” she murmured. “Let’s go home.”
“Are you shaking?” Ashley asked.
“Just worried about you.”
“Omigod. I’m fine.”  
Jessi was relieved to hear the girl’s exasperated sigh. Ashley was okay, and Jessi would do anything to keep her that way, even if it meant robbing some stranger named Xander.

Chapter Three

California sunlight and an ocean breeze streamed in through open windows of Xander’s spacious condo. The floors were pale stone, the walls something called latte, the furniture in light woods and cream, highlighted by teal and lemon pillows and tasteful throws.
Definitely not him. Ingrid hired an interior decorator when he leased the condo a few months ago. The brightness of every room made his sensitive eyes squint. He almost fired Ingrid that day for the bright colors, until he saw the master bedroom.
It was sensual, dark and cool: black walls and obsidian wood flooring covered by jewel-toned rugs, mahogany California King bed with the finest maroon silk sheets and a dark gray comforter so soft, it was like sleeping in a cloud. Even the scent of the room was a dark mix of oak and amber. The room was never fully illuminated by the red lights embedded in the ceiling.
It was him from ceiling to floor. 
His sensitive ears picked up the sound of the television coming from the living room, but it wasn’t this that woke him. Jonny tripped his senses again.
Xander rose and dressed quickly. Jonny disappeared then re-entered Xander’s territory a moment later. 
He went to the hospital. The scent of blood was subtle, detectable only by a vampire like him. Even with his belly full, Xander’s senses were nearly ensnared by the scent of food. He forced his attention away and walked slowly down the hallway, towards the room where the girl had been – and where Jonny had appeared twice this morning.
The Black God was gone. Xander sensed the girl in the room alone. 
Jonny was up to something. Xander didn’t like it, though he wasn’t at all certain what the boy-god was doing. He moved within range of the girl’s room, intent on raiding her mind for information.
He paused a few feet away, before the door was whipped open. 
Xander stared. The girl wasn’t alone; she was with a woman, one that was completely invisible to his senses.
Impossible. He stayed where he was, rigid. In all his years, he’d never met a human capable of slipping by his senses. He was within range to hear her thoughts; all he heard was the girl’s. The woman’s mind was completely shut off from him.
Not even the Gods were able to elude him like that.
Jonny just so happened to rescue a girl connected to someone immune to mind magic, someone who was likewise invisible to the extended senses of a vampire. Why?
Xander watched them, eyes traveling over the woman’s ultra feminine shape in appreciation. She was of above average height with long, dark blonde curls loosely captured at her neck. Her toned hourglass shape was clothed in jeans and a snug t-shirt and pink house slippers, as if she’d left home in a hurry. Too young to be the teen’s mother, she was nonetheless affectionate. She hugged the girl and fluttered kisses across her features, until the teen protested loudly enough for Xander to hear.
Watchers and Others were able to evade him, except when they were within range. At that point, no one was able to withstand what he could do. 
She was a Natural. He’d never heard of one with this skill. Xander had to stop himself from following. There were too few things that intrigued him after an eternity of living. This woman was one. Stronger than his curiosity was the knowledge that he wanted nothing to do with whatever Jonny was planning, no doubt against the White God, his sworn enemy. Xander knew what he’d do with the attractive woman, after fucking her. He’d send her in to spy on his enemies. 
Maybe the teen god was figuring things out on his own, after the godslayer floundered for months with the responsibilities that came with leading his army of vamps. 
As long as this Natural didn’t show up in Xander’s house, he was going to let her go. Unusually dissatisfied at the idea of releasing a potentially fun prey into the wild, Xander remained a moment longer. They disappeared around a corner, and he left.
He returned to the glaring brightness of the condo. His television show was playing on the large, flat screen television in the main living area. He ignored it and went to the kitchen for coffee, the only human beverage he was able to tolerate. 
Ingrid was clapping at the television, and his gaze flickered to the screen. She was watching the latest of his two TV shows, the one where he was a cook. The stage kitchen was dark, except for red candles around the counter area where he did the prep for whatever he was making. He cooked bare-chested, wearing black chinos, his dark hair clasped at the base of his neck. Every episode, something exploded. Because apparently, to humans, explosions were more interesting than the fact they were watching him – a creature that hunted humans – cook their food. He loved the irony of it all.
“I’m your biggest fan girl. I’ve seen every episode a million times,” Ingrid said with her normal dramatic flare. “It’s so obvious why this is the number one show right now.”
“Sex and explosions,” he replied. “Women watch for me, and men like things that blow up.”
“I’m pretty sure men watch for you, too.”
Xander grunted and poured the first of many cups of coffee. 
“Ingrid, morning duties.”
She stood obediently and walked away from the television, down the hallway to his room. Every day started the same: she escorted his nightly meal-toy out of the condo. Xander took his coffee and went onto the balcony. He propped his feet up and checked his watch.
In five minutes, the hot blonde from down the street would jog by. Every day since he’d slept with her, she stopped when she reached the apartment building, bent over to display her ample chest and made a show of tying her shoes. Anyone who read an article about him knew his reputation as the king of one-night stands. Still, he loved a woman’s body enough to enjoy the tantalizing show, more so because he knew she wanted something she was never going to have again. 
Humans were funny like that.
Right at eight, the blonde appeared. 
Ingrid made a sound of derision. She set down a tray with an insulated, silver pot of coffee at its center.
“Every day,” she muttered. “Like she doesn’t have anything better to do.”
Xander drank his coffee in silence. Ingrid left and returned with her laptop and an iPad, sitting at the table with him. She was soon absorbed in whatever she did on the computer. Xander glanced at her, accustomed to the near-trance she went into whenever she was online.
The blonde’s display did nothing for him today; his thoughts were on the strange woman he saw at the hospital. He was mentally running his hands over her body. He couldn’t decide if he’d be pleased or disappointed if a woman with an impenetrable mind melted at his feet like every other woman. What would it be like to be around someone completely outside his control?
Hell, he decided. He was satisfied watching others fuck up their lives without his interference, but he liked having the option of hearing their thoughts, when warranted. 
Ingrid was unusually quiet. He peered into her mind. Among the activities she was engaged in: skimming money out of his accounts. That usually meant she was going on vacation. She didn’t think he knew, but Xander loved the challenge of discovering other people’s secrets. He loved to learn them, to explore the depths of the human motivation for keeping them and eventually, to use them against those around him. He knew all her secrets; it was leverage, in case she ever did anything stupid, like betray him.
“Where you going this time?” he asked. 
“Ugh,” she replied. “How do you know this stuff?”
“Want me to guess?”
“You always get it right first try!”
“Boston.”
She looked up, surprised. 
“Have fun.”
“Will you miss me?” she asked hopefully.
“Nope.”
Her disappointment was visible. Xander suppressed a smile. He used people. She didn’t get that it wasn’t just her; it was everyone. He didn’t need much, and he was able to appreciate the skills she had. To her credit, she was bright enough to keep around. 
Not that he’d ever tell her. 
“Well, I hired you a babysitter anyway,” she said. “A really fat, old, ugly woman with warts, so you’re not tempted to replace me.”
“You’re only going away for a week.”
“Someone has to make you coffee.”
“I can make my own.”
“Someone has to keep you on schedule. Which reminds me, you’ve got a ten o’clock today with your producer to plan out shooting for the next season,” Ingrid said. “You’d never stay on schedule without me.”
“Probably true.” Not that he cared too much. He was at a place in the industry where he did what he pleased. Ingrid was hyper-organized. She did all the cleaning, scheduling, finances. She found him sources of human-food when he traveled for the show.
She was useful for now. 
“I wrote down the rules,” she continued. “I screened this lady and made sure she’s not going to try to steal your cooking secrets or a plant for the paparazzi or something.”
“I can handle those types of issues.”
“You know, people do ask questions if someone just randomly disappears,” Ingrid pointed out. “I can cover up the girls who accidentally get hit by cars. I can’t cover up a complete disappearance.”
“How is the one from last night?” he asked.
“She’s fine. Her boobs acted like airbags. Good thing they’re fake, though she probably needs new ones.”
“Pay the hospital bill anonymously and for any cosmetic surgery she wants,” he said. 
“I want new boobs.”
Xander smiled at the bitterness in Ingrid’s tone. It wasn’t just because of her jealousy over the fact he slept with everyone, it was also her insecurity. She was like a walking rectangle with a bird face, and she got outright hostile towards the beautiful women she escorted out of his home every morning.
“So glad you don’t believe in the permanency of buying,” she muttered. Months ago, she argued unsuccessfully for him to buy rather than lease the condo. “Don’t ever get smitten by some blonde with big boobs. I still got a chance, as long as you keep renting a new girl every night.”
“You’ve got no chance,” he reminded her. “You had your night.”
“Yeah,” she sighed. “X-“
“Nope.” He pushed the memory out of her mind, not wanting to have the discussion again. It was good being able to manipulate the minds of everyone around him.
Her attention shifted to her laptop once more. 
“Omigod!” she exclaimed. “Your temporary babysitter was supposed to come by at noon today so I could run through things with her. She’s postponing until tomorrow morning. I’m leaving today!”
“You wrote the rules down. If she doesn’t follow them, I’ll make sure no one finds the body,” he said calmly.
Ingrid looked at him uncertainly. She loved the idea of vampires, but he didn’t think she really understood what it meant to view humans as prey. 
“Hack into the system or whatever it is you do and move your flight up,” he said. “I can make it to my appointment without you.”
“I guess. Are you sure you don’t need me around today?”
“No.”
“Okay. I’ll change my ticket.” She said and waited for him to talk her out of it.
He didn’t. His attention was on the blonde on the beach. Ingrid was wounded again. The girl had issues. He checked her thoughts to confirm she changed her ticket then rose.
“See you in a week,” he said, striding into the condo. He went to his room to change for the meeting with his producer. 
A few minutes later, the cat meowed at his door, indicating its entertainment – Ingrid – was gone. Xander stretched his senses to seek out any other minds in the condo. There were none. Xander cracked the door for the animal to enter and pulled on a shirt. The animal wound its way through his legs until he picked it up. His cat was as emotionally needy as Ingrid on a good day.
His wards gave off alarms again, this time indicating he had a visitor. He recognized this one and set the cat down to put on boots. When he emerged from his hallway, the Guardian he expected was seated in his living room. 
“Nice place.” The dark-skinned Guardian was covered in tattoos and muscular, smaller than Xander but still a worthy adversary. The most patient of the White God’s brothers, Jule had a calming influence on those around him, including Xander, who felt his ever-present restlessness retreat some.
Jule, the Original Immortal, was the only Guardian that dared set foot in Xander’s home. Their truce was formed pre-Schism; they had no choice but to be friendly to one another. Or at least, not to attack one another. With so few remaining from his time, Xander was usually pleased to see the man responsible for killing any vamps Xander created. 
“It works for me,” Xander said.
“I saw your show. You are the king of subtle, aren’t you?” Jule’s gaze fell to the cat. “Is that a vamp-cat?”
“Yeah,” Xander replied and set down the animal. “Long story.”
“It can’t infect humans, can it?” Jule asked. 
“No. Those …things Jonny’s predecessor created in Ohio were freaks. This is a real vamp. She just kills things smaller than she is.”
“Sounds a lot like you.”
Xander sat down across from Jule. “Whatever Damian wants, the answer is no.” Damian, the White God, had tried to task him twice in the past few months. “You can’t use our truce to ask for favors. You’re out of those.”
“He doesn’t want anything,” Jule said with a small smile, unfazed. “Believe it or not, Sofi sent me.”
Xander eyed him. “That’s worse. The day that bitch is alone, I’ll take her head off.” Sofi, the wife of the White God, Damian, was the most powerful Oracle Xander had ever met in his long history. She used it against him one time too many and burned any bridge he might consider passable. 
Gods, but he hated Oracles. His own upbringing did nothing but convince him that Oracles in general were never to be trusted. 
“She shares the sentiment,” Jule said, laughing. “But she is a lot like you. She understands the bigger picture and does what she must.”
“It must be bad, if she sent you.”
“It’s the Others. You’re like a magnet lately. All our intel tells us they’re after you for some reason.”
“Hmmm. The one creature I can’t kill is after me.”
“With your long list of enemies, I’m not certain which would’ve sent them. But they want something. They’ve been watching you.”
Xander considered the information. He wasn’t able to track the Others, a set of creatures known for favoring the Black God’s dominance of the human world. The Others were mortal enemies of the Watchers, whose more lenient approach on good and evil made them fickle allies for the White God. Neither sect was supposed to interfere in mortal affairs, a fact they selectively ignored. He knew better than to trust either of them.
“We still have the vamp Jonny lent us to help track Others. If you want to borrow him and kill some Others, let me know. Darian and I will join you.”
The sole immortal able to disable Others and Watchers, the Grey God – Darian – was known for being fearless to the point of reckless. He had newly assumed his position after thousands of years without the Gatekeeper existing, since Xander killed the last Grey God.
He liked Darian’s recklessness. Unable to shake his instincts, His thoughts turned to the Black God. The godling seemed surprised to see Xander last night. Was his surprise that of a kid caught with his hand in the cookie jar?
“Call me if you need help,” Jule said. 
“Alright.” 
“You’re welcome,” Jule said, snorting. “We Originals gotta stick together.”
“That’s the agreement.”
“You know I’m serious?”
“On all counts, yes,” Xander replied. The gentleman’s agreement between them had been tested and proven solid. He knew Jule was able to balance his alliance with the White God and his alliance with Xander. Jule was as close as trustworthy as someone ever got in Xander’s book.
“I’ll send Sofi your love.”
“Fuck you, Jule.” 
Jule laughed. He disappeared as quietly as he appeared. Xander suspected the Oracle warned him only because it interfered in her plans for him. At least, that’s what he’d do. She promised to make his fate hell the last time they met. Uneasily, he was forced to admit she had the power. 
Xander hated the idea of not being in control. His agenda was one born of experience: if the scales between the White and Black Gods tipped too far one way, life was bad. So he nudged the scales back in the right direction, sometimes pushing evil, sometimes good, sometimes pissing off both. After all, he was the single most powerful immortal on the planet, and the oldest. No one else gave a shit about the Original Vamp, unless to kill him. If he kept their attention divided and their focus on their turf wars, he was largely overlooked.
Xander hated - but respected – Sofi. She promised personal vengeance against him but not at the expense of the loss of other lives. It was her catch-twenty-two: she needed him alive to use him as a tool to nudge the scales. He needed her insight, for when he wasn’t able to see outside his narrow lane. It gave him some level of confidence that her warning was one born of necessity, not idle speculation.
It was bad news for him, though, if the Oracle who hated him felt the need to warn him. Xander spent another moment in pensive silence before he rose. 
He might need to pay the Oracle a visit. 
But not today. 
Someone else tripped the wards marking his territory of Southern California, someone he didn’t expect to be alive. Of the five Original Beings, he only knew where one was. The others he hoped had died when the immortal world was destroyed months ago by the Grey God. He’d never be able to sense the Original Other or Original Watcher, since they were able to move without detection by anyone, even their own kind. 
The Original Human, however, just crossed into his territory. Xander let his instincts take him to the latest unwelcome creature to interfere with his world. He Traveled to a quiet playground, eyes settling on the woman seated on a bench. 
Xander wasn’t the only to notice. No sooner had he appeared than the Grey God himself materialized. Wiry and lean, Darian’s golden gaze was identical to that of his brother, the White God. The Grey God was known as the Gatekeeper, the God responsible for tracking and managing the immortals in the human realm.
“Two Originals,” Darian said, gleam in his eyes. “You guys made my day.”
“I am not here to fight, though I will not speak for Xander,” the Original Human said. “It is good to see the position of Grey God filled once more. How long has it been, Xander, since you killed the last one?”
“Xander killed him?” Darian asked with a laugh. “When Xander tells the story, it was the Originals that did it.”
“Not so far off,” Xander replied. He circled the bench, until he was able to see the features of the Original Human more fully.
Her aristocratic features were strong and firm, her eyes the color of spring, circled by silver. Xander remembered her older and realized he had always viewed Eden through the eyes of the child who embarked on a journey with the Oracle obsessed with destroying the last Grey God. Eden was little older than Xander, the day he was made immortal.
“Like a family reunion,” Eden said. 
Xander felt her gaze and sat on a bench facing her. Darian looked between the two of them, wary but curious. No one spoke. Xander held Eden’s gaze. He felt nothing for the beautiful woman before him, not even anger, despite their shared history. He dwelled on the unexpected lack of emotion.
Eden had been more than a friend, assuming the role of Xander’s mother when his died. Then betraying him. Binding his power. Putting him through years of hellish pain to teach him a lesson about something she knew nothing about.
Yet Xander felt nothing negative towards her. The inability to know how he should react puzzled him. 
“Okay, here are the rules.” Darian was the first to break the tense silence. “No fighting where humans might get hurt. If either of you fucks up, I get to kill you. If you want a mediator, let me know. I’ll be standing by the monkey bars. Got it?”
Xander and Eden nodded. Darian strode away towards the large jungle gym, out of hearing distance but close enough to watch and react.
“I’ll admit. I didn’t expect you to be so …calm,”  Eden said, puzzled. “You weren’t when last we met.” The familiar lilt of her accent was still present. 
“Your parting gifts gave me a lot to think about,” Xander replied. “Though your choice of handing off the vamps to the Black God seems nearsighted.”
“From molten metal to the tempered steel of a blade,” Eden replied. “You’re more dangerous now, aren’t you?”
“More cautious as well.”
Eden smiled. “I didn’t turn over the vamps to the Black God. You can thank the Original Watcher for screwing up that one.”
“You must be happy,” Xander continued, not surprised to find another Original involved in his years of torture. “You wanted the threat to the mortal realm gone, and now it is.”
“That was my goal. I wish I’d been involved in the latest war to protect my kind. I guess that’s the punishment for our roles in the Schism – being pushed aside and forced to watch,” Eden said, referring to the war that severed the two realms completely from one another. It took the magic of all the Original Beings to support the cause Eden had dedicated her life to.
It’s what earned all the Originals their ten thousand year prison terms. 
Eden was troubled. Xander didn’t expect to see the emotion from the woman who all-but-raised him.
“What’re you doing here, Eden?” he asked. 
“Curiosity. Boredom.” Eden said, gaze stormy. “I remember you differently.”
“Born a predator, turned into a killer by none other than you.”
“Exactly. Not sure what you are now.”
“You created this version of me as well.”
“Do you hate me for it?”
Xander considered for a moment. “I don’t open wounds that are healed, Eden.”
“Good philosophy to have. Humans are a little different. We tend to never forget.”
“What do you want?”
Eden leaned back. “I guess to ask you another question, if you’ll answer.”
“No guarantees.”
“Understood, son. I spent my eternity dedicated to protecting the human realm from the immortal one. It fell, and I had nothing to do with it, but I’ll be Machiavellian about it and simply appreciate the end result,” Eden said and then paused. She was pensive for a moment. “You lived for nothing but revenge. You got your vengeance, just as I saw my goal realized. What comes next?”
“You sought me out for advice?” Xander asked with a laugh. 
“We are all that remain from our time. Tell me you did not seek out Jule when you stumbled back into this realm.”
Xander was silent, recalling how Eden always found a way to push past his defenses enough to manipulate him. Older and wiser, Xander was aware of what she did now, just as he was starting to understand the identity crisis that caused Eden to seek him out.
At one point, after he succeeded in killing his father, he did hate the woman who taught him bloodlust and war, then slammed on the brakes to cage the beast she created. Eden used Xander for her own means and yet, the Original Human’s final acts of limiting Xander’s power had been selfless. She had a weapon capable of destroying the immortal realm but had chosen not to unleash Xander completely, knowing what might happen if she did. 
If Eden succeeded, Xander died, a fact he didn’t learn for many years after she left him writhing in agony on the roof of a tavern. 
No, he didn’t hate Eden.
“You move on,” Xander replied. 
“Not exactly the answer I sought.”
“It’s all there is.”
“There’s no greater purpose?” Eden asked. She ran a hand through her short, dark hair. “I mean, what do you do?”
“I make sure ambitious people like you don’t fuck up this world.”
“You? A white knight?” Eden laughed. 
“More like the black knight everyone hates but won’t piss off,” Xander said.
“Very fitting.”
“You’re free to do whatever you want here.”
“Free,” Eden murmured. “Interesting take on it. Never considered myself enslaved to my cause.”
“I avoid attachments of any kind,” Xander said.
“Here we differ. You are happy having nothing and living alone in the shadows. I am not.”
“Having nothing?” Xander repeated, irritated. “I think of it as remaining invulnerable, something you taught me.”
“I guess I did, didn’t I, boy?”
Xander rolled his eyes. Eden’s smile was genuine, the first Xander had ever seen. The driven woman was different than Xander remembered; this Eden had no vamp-army or grandiose plan of destroying a world. She seemed … lost. 
“Darian,” Xander called. 
The Grey God approached. The Original Human eyed him. 
“Darian, meet Eden. Eden, Darian,” Xander said and rose. “Good luck.” 
He walked away, Traveling back to his condo.
You are happy having nothing. 
Of all the things Eden might’ve said to him, this one actually stung. Xander didn’t exactly know why. If he wanted something, he took it.
His cat nuzzled one leg as he stood, thinking hard, in the middle of his bright condo. After the months he spent making sure no one killed the new Black God before Jonny found his footing, Xander began to think he might’ve …forgotten something. He went from ten thousand years in exile to Jonny’s camp to here. 
He didn’t have nothing: he had what he wanted. 
Why, then, did he feel a familiar stir of deep-set anger?

Chapter Four

Jessi rang the doorbell four times, nervously pacing in front of the closed door. No one answered. She eyed the high-tech security system. Instead of a key, there was a code to enter the condo located in a ritzy building on a private beach. She couldn’t imagine how much a place here cost. There was valet parking for residents and visitors, and her car was – by far – the oldest and cheapest among those in the drive.
Her palms were sweaty, her nerves fried. After her come-to-Jesus moment with Jonny, he’d left a further reminder in the form of a letter that awaited her on the pillow beside hers when she woke. He not only failed to wake anyone, but bypassed the quadruple-locked front door and the barred windows. Not that she slept much in the first place. Now, she never wanted to sleep again.
Pulling out the letter, she looked at the ten digit key code. Next to it was a warning.
Every day you fail to execute the task, the penalty for failure worsens.
Jessi didn’t want to know what that meant.
She typed in the code at noon exactly. She wasn’t going to be late on her first day, not because she cared what the client wanted, but because Jonny claimed to be watching every move she made. Whoever lived in this condo, he couldn’t be worse than the vampire she met last night.
With a deep breath, she typed in the code and entered the condo. The air conditioning was high enough to make her shiver, the bright interior settling her fear of walking into some crazy person’s house. The ground floor consisted of formal dining and living areas, to include a hearth whose chimney stretched all the way to the top of the condo, two stories up. The main floor felt like a hotel room, too formal and impersonal to be welcoming. The wall opposite her was all windows, with a beach on the other side. 
“Hello?” she called. 
No answer. Impressed already with the airy condo, she ascended the stairs to the second floor. It too, held the welcoming atmosphere of a hospital waiting room, with a living room, expansive kitchen, informal dining area and hallways leading off each side of the common areas. A railing lined the loft area overlooking the formal living area on the first floor. An iPad in a bright green case and a cell phone labeled work phone!!!!! was sitting on the table in the informal dining area, a sticky note on it.
Hey, new babysitter! Instructions are here. Read the seven rules CAREFULLY!!!!!!!!! And follow them. X doesn’t like disorder and stuff. See you in a week! XOXO Ingrid
Jessi opened the iPad and turned it on. The rules popped up on the screen. She found herself counting how many exclamation points Ingrid used before she read through the rules.
“Rule number one: Feed the cat twice a day at eight AM and three PM. No water, only kibbles and wine. Don’t drink the wine and don’t let the cat in X’s room,” Jessi read aloud. “What kind of cat drinks wine?” She sat down to read, growing more puzzled as she did. “Rule two, escort X’s girls out every morning. Rule three, remind him to wear clothes. Rule four, you are responsible for cleaning and laundry. He likes the house spotless and the hamper empty every day.” She rolled her eyes. “Rule five, keep your cell on. He calls at weird hours and you must do what he says. Rule six, no questions.”
The guy sounded like a control freak. Jessi set down the device, aware she was there for a reason. If she found what Jonny wanted today, she wouldn’t have to worry about the stupid rules or finding out how weird the boss was.
She explored one hallway and found two guest bedrooms and an office, all decorated in the same cold, impersonal colors. Down the other hallway was the owner’s suite. She pushed the door open and paused. Just stepping into the cave-like master bedroom made her feel as if she was entering some forbidden place. 
It was so dark, she wasn’t able to make out how large the room really was. The bed was huge, taking center stage in the room. Rule number two claimed he took a different woman to bed every night. Jessi didn’t believe it, until she saw his bedroom.
This was not the room of a normal person. This was the kind of place one went for a sexual escape. Everything in the room was geared to tease or soothe the senses, from the soft sheets to the dim lighting to the calming scents. The walls were covered in suede, she realized as she placed a hand against one. 
If what she sought was in this room, she needed a flashlight just to see if there was furniture aside from the bed. Anxious to be gone, she searched beneath the sinks and the laundry room, places she thought a flashlight would be. He didn’t have any or candles. She recalled the penlight in her purse and retrieved it. 
The bedroom was the only room that had been personalized in the whole condo. It’s where she’d keep something valuable. With the penlight clenched between her lips, she began going through a dresser. Even the guy’s boxers were neatly folded into squares that sat in the middle of the drawer. She closed the top drawer slowly, so as not to disturb the stacks of boxers. She found nothing hidden in his clothing and went through two walk-in closets, both brimming with clothes. She even searched his nightstands and shoes. 
It wasn’t there. Which meant, he was wearing it. 
Frustrated already, Jessi returned to her rules. A flash of black in the corner of her eye drew her attention to the cat darting down one hall. She checked her watch. She had an hour before the feline was due for dinner and wine.
The house was clean, the laundry done, and the owner gone. Bored after another tour around, she returned to the office to examine the books lining one wall. 
“Human philosophy, theoretical physics, poetry, Italian Masters, romance.” She snorted at the strange assortment of books. Each shelf was labeled, the books alphabetized by shelf and each one perfectly perched on the edge. “Human psychology. As opposed to what? Cat philosophy and psychology? Weird.” 
She almost laughed, feeling overwhelmed by her task and uneasy in the stranger’s house.
With two teens in the house, no part of her apartment was neat or orderly. Seeing even his books standing rigidly at attention made her uncomfortable. Everything in this place screamed creepy order, which made her wonder what was wrong with the owner. Did he need order in his world, because he was like Ashley, creative and absent-minded? 
She pushed one book in then tugged out another to read until it was time to feed the cat. The tiny bit of disorder helped her relax. Satisfied, she returned to the living area and plopped down on a couch too rigid to be comfortable.
Half an hour later, she set the book on the table beside the couch, prepped the cat’s meal and went in search of the beast. The doors to the guest bedrooms and study were closed, but the door to the owner’s suite was open wide enough for the feline to slip through.
Jessi entered and looked around, recalling she couldn’t find anything in the dark room without a flashlight. She retrieved her penlight once more and walked around the room, finally kneeling to look under the bed. 
Its eyes glowed back at her. She frowned. What kind of cat had red eyes?
“Here, kitty, kitty,” she called in a sweet tone. 
It didn’t budge. Jessi reached under the bed to try to grab it. The cat backed away, beyond her reach. Sighing, Jessi tried tapping the ground, waving her fingers, even using her ponytail to try to lure the cat out. Nothing made the cat want to move.
She left the bedroom for a broom and explored the house completely, unable to find the cleaning closet. Out of options, she took the cat’s food and wine into the bedroom and put them on the floor beside the bed. 
The cat inched forward. She reached under the bed. It swiped at her and retreated once more. After another five minutes of sweet-talking, Jessi was ready to give up. She sat back on her heels and looked around, gaze settling on the bed. She rose and moved the food and wine dishes closer to the edge of the bed then lay across the top. The cloud-like bedding cushioned her while the bed seemed to adjust to her shape. She sank into it, unaware a bed was able to provide that level of comfort. Her mattress was as old as Ashley.
She pulled herself forward to test her reach. If the cat got near the food, she should be able to grab it. 
Jessi waited. And waited. She tossed a couple kibbles under the bed and heard the cat crunch them. She tossed some closer to the edge.
“Pleeeeeeeease come out, kitty,” she murmured. “It’s like, five! I should be almost ready to go home. You’re hungry, right? Pleeeeeeease come out!”
More crunching. 
“I definitely don’t want to get fired.”
The thought of losing her job on the first day made her eyes water. What if that happened? What if she wasn’t able to get what Jonny sent her for?
How was that kid for real, anyway? 
Jessi pressed the meat of her palms to her eyes and calmed herself. 
“Come on, kitty. Help your temporary mama keep her job,” she said to the cat. 
To her amazement, the cat’s head appeared. Jessi held her breath as it went to the food dish and began eating. She almost squealed. 
“Who the fuck are you?”
Her eyes flew up to the form in the doorway. In the split second before the cat ducked under the bed, Jessi was aware of the man’s size and intense gaze. His muscular body took up the doorway, hands on his hips and strange red contacts glowing. 
Almost like the cat’s eyes, who snatched a mouthful of food and ducked under the bed again.
“Noooo!” she groaned and reached for it.
It was already gone. 
“Dammit, kitty!” She climbed off the bed. “I almost had her!”
“You weren’t even close,” the man said. “She’s playing with you.”
“I’m not here to play.”
Jessi looked at him again, taking in the thick form and gaze so direct and piercing, it was almost hostile. He wasn’t what she expected for the owner who liked everything alphabetized and orderly, preferring structure to spontaneity. 
He wore the damn necklace she was after. It dangled in the open space at his neck, visible through the unfastened top button of his loose shirt. She raised the flashlight, her attention caught by the dark stain on his white shirt. 
Rule number four: clean house, no dirty laundry.
She neared him, frazzled as much with the cat as she was with him showing up with a stain, when she wanted to go home. She wasn’t going to break his bizarre rules on the first day. Accustomed to the teens’ all but shredding their clothes, she instinctively reached for the stain to feel if it was wet. Salvageable. 
He caught her hand. She looked up at him. His eyes were narrowed. He was heavy of jaw with a wide forehead and an aquiline nose set between two large eyes. Long, dark hair was neatly bound at the base of his neck. The air around him was strangely still, the heat of a body unlike any she’d ever seen before reminding her she hadn’t dated in four years. Without traditional beauty, he was still handsome in a raw, dangerous way. If the horseracing fanatic, Brandon, was there, he’d call this man a wild mustang.
He seemed guarded and genuinely unsettled, as if he wasn’t expecting an assistant today, despite the note from Ingrid she found. Or maybe, he wasn’t expecting her? The sense he knew she wasn’t the right assistant made her frown. 
“You’re a Natural,” he said, searching her features.
“A natural what?” she returned. “Is that a tomato-based stain?”
His hand dropped. He stared at her. His presence was intense but calming, almost to the degree she had the urge to lean against him and let his huge hands roam her body, grip her from behind and pull her …
Crunching from behind her broke the spell. Jessi whirled to see the cat huddled over its bowl of food. She started forward. The cat looked up.
“Pleeease, just be cool, kitty,” she begged. “What’s her name?”
“Cat.”
She rolled her eyes. She crept forward. “I’m Jessi, by the way. You must be Xander.”
“That’s all you’re going to say?”
Was he puzzled or angry? She didn’t know. Jessi knelt beside the cat. It continued eating this time. She lifted it gently then picked up its bowls. 
“You’re standing in a vampire’s house, and you want to know what’s on my shirt.”
Jessi nuzzled the cat and glanced at him. “You’re not a vampire.”
“I am a vampire.”
She wasn’t terrified as she had been with Jonny. This man was huge – maybe a wrestler? – but his presence was calming, whereas Jonny’s was like a storm-cloud, ready to explode. If she believed Jonny was a vampire, she couldn’t believe this man was as well. 
“Look, it’s almost time for me to go home. If you want me to follow the rules, I’ve gotta fix that tonight,” she said.
“Fix what?”
“Your shirt. I can’t let the stain set, and I’m not working late.” She approached him as she spoke. When he didn’t move, she eased around him, frazzled by his strange intensity and his difficult cat.
Jessi walked into the kitchen and set the cat’s bowls on the floor along with the cat. She went to the fridge and retrieved a lemon, pausing to stare at the food in the massive refrigerator. 
“You’ve got like, five cows worth of meat in here,” she said.
“It’s all I eat.”
“Your cholesterol has got to be either really good or really bad.”
“You’re worried about my cholesterol.” Xander was in the kitchen, a few feet away, still gazing at her in a way that told her he really didn’t know what to think. 
“Bowls?” she asked. 
He tilted his head towards one cabinet in response. She opened it and stretched upward on tiptoes to pull down a set of nestled, glass bowls. Selecting the largest, she went to the pristine sink area, almost afraid to run water for fear of leaving water marks in the stainless steel. She turned on the faucet and let it run until it was hot enough then filled the bowl. 
Overly aware of his intent scrutiny, Jessi tried to act normal as she pulled a paring knife free from the block of sleek knives and sliced through the lemon.
“Ouch, dammit,” she muttered. The knife wasn’t like hers – dull enough she had to saw through things with effort. This one slid through the lemon like it was tissue paper and pricked her finger on the other side.
Lemon juice stung. She set it in the bowl in the sink then shook her hand. 
“You need to clean that up.” Xander’s low growl startled her.
“I will when I’m done,” she said, glancing at her mess.
“Not that. Blood.”
Jessi eyed him. This time, his eyes seemed to glow a little more.
He was wearing vampire teeth. 
“Oh. That’s right you’re a vampire.” She managed to say it with a straight face and rinsed the bubbling blood off under the faucet. “Sorry.”
“You have no clue, girl.”
The menace in his voice made her want to leave even more. She began to wonder if she needed to bring a can of mace. 
“Shirt,” she directed hurriedly. 
“You do laundry in the sink.” He wasn’t impressed.
“If you want to get a red-based stain out, you have to use lemon, dish soap and hot water,” she explained. “Then I’ll toss it in the washer and worry about it tomorrow when I get in.”
He wasn’t moving. She rested a hand on her hip.
“When you’re poor and have kids, you learn these things. It’ll work. Trust me.”
Another long moment. Finally, he pulled the shirt off over his head and handed it to her. At once, she wished she’d told him to change into a new one and bring her the stained shirt. His body was flawless: thick muscles moving effortlessly beneath bronze skin. Sloping shoulders, huge biceps, wide chest, lean abdomen …
Now she understood rule number three and why it had the most exclamation points. She stopped her eyes from traveling further down his body and turned quickly to the sink. Her heart was flying, her mind mentally undressing him. She placed the shirt in the bowl.
“You have kids.”
She bristled. She shouldn’t have mentioned it, especially to the man she intended to rob. He was freakin’ huge; what if he came after her? 
“None of your business,” she said with what she hoped was cheerfulness.
“You brought it up.”
“I’m closing the discussion.” She focused on mixing dish soap and lemon juice in her palm. “Rule number six: no questions.”
“You’re not supposed to ask me questions. I can ask whatever I want in my fucking house.”
“The rule doesn’t specify,” she replied sweetly. “Rule number three does, though.”
He left the kitchen, his air no longer calm. She watched him, mouth agape at the muscles outlined in his back and the tight ass. She’d never seen someone with so much … wow. 
She was beginning to think it was five years since she’d seen a naked man, judging by her body’s hungry response to the sight of his exposed upper body. Was she that desperate? Or was he that good looking? He reappeared a few moments later in a t-shirt. 
He was that sexy, she decided. 
His gaze fell to the single sign of disorder in the living area: the book she left on the table adjacent to the couch. His presence warmed the whole room. Seeing the contrast between him and his environment, she suddenly realized what it was about her surroundings that made her uneasy all afternoon. His condo was lifeless.
“Have you ever thought of redecorating?” she asked curiously.
“Why do you give a shit?”
“I don’t really. You don’t find this place … not really you?”
“I like it this way,” he snarled and snatched the book. 
“No, I don’t think you do. I mean, your bedroom is more you. Masculine. Dark.”
He was staring at her again.
“Angry,” she added under her breath.
“You seemed adamant about not being fired a few minutes ago.”
“Sorry. I tend to talk too much when I’m nervous.” She returned her attention to the task at hand, warmth creeping up her face. The twins were used to her chatter. It was her curse with men, and after five years of not dating and the enormous mission of stealing from a stranger, it was only getting worse. 
“I don’t get the nervous vibe from you,” he said. 
“It’s not like you can read my mind or anything.” 
“Can you read mine?”
She laughed then realized he wasn’t joking. Glancing up, her movements stilled. He was waiting for an answer. She swallowed her laughter. 
“First you’re a vampire. Now you think I can read minds,” she said, shaking her head. 
At his silence, she sighed.
“I’m sorry. Again. I’ll keep quiet.”
He strode down the other hallway. She imagined him snarling over the book she pushed in and replacing the one she’d been reading. The wicked side of her wanted to push in a few books next time he left, just to irk him. Like her cousins, who took everything so seriously, something about Xander provoked her inner bully. 
When he returned, he went to the iPad on the dining table and turned it on. She watched him curiously, wondering if he planned on wiping off her offending fingerprints. He finished whatever it was he did and set it back down.
“I’m going out. Be in at eight,” he ordered.
“I was thinking of getting here at seven fifty seven. Is that okay?”
“Don’t fuck with me.”
Angry was a good description, she noted. He turned away towards the stairs leading down to the main floor, and she sneaked a glance to see if he still wore the necklace.
He did. 
Her first day was awful. She failed her task and managed to piss off the new boss, all because she got nervous seeing a half-naked man. How was she supposed to get the necklace, if he wore it all the time?
The sounds of his footsteps coming back up the stairs made her cringe. Had he decided to fire her?
“What would you change about the interior décor?” he questioned.
Startled by his interest, she looked towards the stairs. He stood at the top, arms crossed.
“I know you don’t care what I think,” she replied after a pause.
“No, but I want to know why you think it.”
“Why does it matter?”
“Because I can’t read your mind.” The words were spoken with effort through his clenched teeth, as if the admittance was a personal insult. 
I am so leaving that one alone. “I don’t know what I would change,” she replied, studying him. “Your condo is so cold and standoffish. It doesn’t fit you.”
He was listening with unusual attentiveness. It made her want to laugh and squirm uncomfortably. This wasn’t normal.
“You’re nervous right now?” he asked when she didn’t continue.
“Freaked out is probably more accurate.”
“Why?”
She gave a sigh of exasperation. “Maybe because some complete stranger built like Conan is interrogating me about his décor.”
“You act like I’m the one who just appeared in your house.”
If anything, her words seemed to make him more curious. Jessi had no idea what it was with this guy. Was she the only human interaction he had? He drew closer once more, pausing on the opposite side of the counter, watching her in a way that left her feeling as if she was standing naked in his living room, armed with a gun. Would a man like this notice his danger or her breasts?
The thought made her hot from the inside out. She concentrated on the shirt. 



Xander saw the signs then, the red on her face and the slight tremble of her hands. She was telling the truth; she was anxious. But that did nothing to explain to him how an oblivious Natural who was able to block his mind power just happened to end up in his home.
He didn’t believe in coincidences or chance. Jonny had to have sent this girl here for a reason. Except, for the first time in his existence, Xander wasn’t able to read the mind of the only person who knew why. He couldn’t even sense her, until he was close enough to touch her. She was invisible to his magic.
This is a fucking nightmare.
He felt like he’d been hit by a hurricane. After randomly crossing paths with someone whose mind he couldn’t penetrate, he’d suddenly found her in his house. She didn’t melt when their bodies brushed, and she appeared completely immune – or ignorant – of the affect he normally had on women.
Ingrid claimed to hire an ugly, old assistant, but the woman concerned more about the stain on his shirt than being around a vampire was enchanting, with long, loose blonde curls, olive-tinted skin and feathery eyelashes that set off striking gray eyes. Her cheeks were flushed, her body unlike those of the models he normally took to bed. She was shorter, for one, toned and shapely, with round hips and large breasts, and a tucked waist. Her features were even and firm, her lips plump and glimmering with sparkly gloss. She was dressed much more normally than Ingrid in dark jeans and a simple, fitted blue t-shirt with bright coral nail polish.
He wasn’t able to read her mind, but she didn’t look like someone there to betray him. She had kids, somewhat of a liability to someone out to hurt him, because he took mercy on no one. There was an unguarded sweetness to her and her nervous chatter. She was definitely not like Ingrid or the women he preferred. Most were rotten to the core, jaded or desperate, because that’s the way he liked them. 
“You’re about to fire me, aren’t you?” she asked as he continued to glare at her silently.
“I probably should.”
A shadow crossed her face, before she averted her eyes. Any way he looked at the situation, she didn’t belong here. Which meant – whatever her intentions were – she was a new kind of challenge, and Xander found himself intrigued. Maybe this is what he needed, especially after the disconcerting talk with Eden the prior day.
“Fall colors,” she said in the tense silence. “I’d change your décor to fall colors. Maroons, browns. Something warmer and more intimate.”
“That’s your impression of me? Warm and intimate? Like Santa Clause or some shit?”
“Definitely not Santa Clause,” she said with a laugh. “But otherwise, yeah. You seem to have depth, but this place is like a hospital. I can’t stand all the right angles in here, by the way. There’s no room to breathe.”
Xander glanced around. The perfect alignment of the interior of his condo was born of his desire to control his surroundings. It was instinctive after so many years. He knew he did it; he wanted it that way. The world outside his temporary home was constantly changing; here, he was almost at ease. 
No depth. She was right. He wanted challenge everywhere but here. It explained why he was so unsettled with this woman; she was intruding in his orderly place of refuge.
She’d make a great tool to use against any enemies he wanted to spy on, he admitted. They’d be unable to sense her, until she was within striking range. Did Jonny figure that out and plan to use her against him? If so, what was the Black God after?
“Do you prefer dark brown or dark gray?” she asked absently.
“Black. Why?”
“I’m trying to have a conversation.”
“What color I like has no bearing on anything,” he said then tilted his head to the side. “Which do you prefer?”
“Of the two: Brown. Like chocolate. It goes with just about anything.”
Definitely not an assassin. She was too … nice to slash a man’s throat. She didn’t have the edge an assassin would. Or maybe, she was a damned good one, able to throw him off the scent.
“Done!” she exclaimed. She wrung the water out of his shirt and walked down the hallway towards the laundry room. “If I still have a job, I’ll see you in the morning?” 
She paused at the edge of the hallway and living room, gazing at him expectantly. 
“Show up at eight. We’ll see what happens,” he replied. 
“It’s been interesting.” She frowned then walked through the kitchen to reach the stairs rather than cross through the living area, where he stood.
She was as uncomfortable with him as he was with her. As soon as she was more than three feet away, she disappeared from his enhanced senses. 
Xander didn’t like the idea of letting someone who was able to evade him – and possibly connected to Jonny – just leave. He’d never be able to find her again to know why she was there in the first place.
“You need a ride?” he called as she started down the stairs.
“What do you drive?” she asked.
“Does it matter, if it gets you home?”
“I don’t need a ride. I’m just curious.”
“None of your business.”
“Jackass.” The whisper wasn’t meant for his ears, but his enhanced hearing picked it up anyway.
“Great way to end the day with your new boss,” he said, amused. 
“If you don’t fire me, I might just quit.” She didn’t sound convinced of her words, and there was something in her voice he couldn’t name.
“You won’t quit,” he assessed. “I’ll wait to fire you until I figure out why you’re working for me in the first place.”
“This is gonna be a long week.”
He felt the same way. She left. 
Xander had the urge to follow her to her car to ensure she left and didn’t hide out on the main floor, waiting for him to appear, so she could kill him. His house was invaded by some sort of human he’d never dealt with before and never predicted he ever would. All the right angles she abhorred weren’t taking the edge off of him this night. He realized what bothered him: If the unassuming woman turned out to be some sort of well-disguised assassin, he’d never know or sense her, until she was in front of him. Worse, she had the code to enter any time she wanted.
Fortunately, no human-made weapon was able to hurt him. Guns and knives were worthless, and he was pretty certain he could wrestle her down, if she tried any sort of hand-to-hand combat. 
He pulled out his phone and texted Ingrid. What’s the name of the babysitter?
April Madera, was her instant response. OMG, did she come by after cancelling? WTH?
He didn’t answer. The woman in his condo said her name was Jessi. An unmistakable Natural with a unique talent, she was likely in the Guardians’ databases. They tracked all Naturals. He was hungry, but dinner was going to wait a few hours. He had a new hunt to embark on.
Xander Traveled to the front doorstep of the local Guardian station, a ranch-style house located in a lower middle class area of Buena Park, south of LA. A decal with the symbol of the White God – a sun and moon with an arrow through it – was in the corner of one window. He sensed the ward he triggered and waited. When the door opened, there were weapons trained on him from the Guardians watching from the windows. 
“Evenin’,” he greeted Gerry, the station chief. 
“We’ve got no training ops tonight,” came the brisk response. 
“I’m not bringing in any stragglers,” Xander replied. He discovered their whereabouts when he hand-delivered the first round of trainees – minus a few pints of blood – who were stupid enough to challenge him instead of backing off like the experienced Guardians did. “I have a question for you.”
The Guardian hesitated then opened the screen door, wary but cognizant that if Xander was at the door, he wasn’t there to fight. 
“Come on in.”
Xander did. His senses picked up six Guardians. Two were in the cozy living area with its worn furniture. Neat and comfortable, their station acted as their home as well as their hub for coordinating operations in LA. 
“You know most of the guys,” Gerry said.
“You’ve got two new ones.”
“Yeah. You’ll see them in a few days.”
Xander winked at the female Guardian he fed from the night before. Still pale, she looked ready to run. Their unease was palpable. Gerry alone spoke to him, while two others hung back as the Guardian led him into the hidden room at the back of the house, filled with a small conference table and humming computers. Xander sat, and Gerry poured them both coffee, aware of his addiction for the bitter human drink.
“What can I do for you?” Gerry asked.
“I had a Natural show up on my doorstep.”
Gerry’s gaze sharpened.
“She’s fine,” Xander said. “Someone sent her. I need to know who.”
“It wasn’t us. We’d never send some poor Natural where you could reach them. We cleared Naturals out of the area within five miles of you,” Gerry said firmly. “You have a name?”
“First name only.”
“It’s a starting point.” Gerry pushed off from the table and rolled to one computer. “What is it?”
“Jessi.”
“Male or female?”
“Female.”
Gerry glanced at him then typed the info into the computer. “Why not pry the information out of her mind like you do everyone else?” 
“Her talent is the ability to move in stealth mode. As in, I can’t read her mind. Or hear her or smell her or sense her, unless she’s standing within three feet of me,” Xander said in irritation.
“Then unless one of us has been within three feet of her …” Gerry frowned. “It’s possible, I guess, that someone’s run across her and catalogued her.”
The computer finished its search. A list of names appeared. Gerry tapped the table for a moment then began sorting the names.
“Approximate age?”
“Mid-twenties. Blonde hair, blue-gray eyes, five foot nine, hourglass shape. Nice ass, if you catalog that.”
Gerry snorted. “I’ve got three women, one Jessi and two Jessica’s, in their mid-twenties. Two are mated to Guardians, one in South America and the second in New York. The third is a newly discovered low-level healer in Detroit. So, negative on our end. Are you certain Jessi is her real name?”
“Fairly certain.”
“Let me search talents. One sec.” Gerry cleared the screen then began a broader search while Xander watched. Five minutes later, he shook his head. “I got nada, even in historical data. If we can’t sense people like her, we can’t track her. What a pain in the ass. Makes me wonder how many like her we’ve missed.”
“Interesting. You didn’t send her. Which leaves Jonny,” Xander mused. “How did he find her if you all didn’t?”
“Too coincidental to be an accident.”
“Someone or something tipped him off.” Something like the Others, whose magic might give them insight into things Xander couldn’t see. 
“Would you object to me checking her out?”
Yes. Xander’s initial instinct was that he wanted no one around the strange human he discovered. She didn’t belong in his world, but she intrigued him. Until he was bored with her, she was his. 
“Just to catalog. I won’t interfere,” Gerry added. “Unless you do something stupid like try to vamp her.”
“Not my intention,” Xander said. “You still working the Hollywood circuit?”
“Alas, my ambition to be a movie star has faded,” Gerry said with a wry smile. 
“Come by tomorrow at ten. I’ve got a photo shoot. I’ll make sure your new boss thinks you’ve been working for her for awhile.”
Gerry was still wary, and Xander understood why. The Guardians had no reason to trust the forefather of all vamps. To his credit, he had yet to break the agreement he made with them about vamping girls and had returned all but one trainee alive. The trainee months ago made a horrible mistake by choosing to target Ingrid, and Xander didn’t think twice about lopping off his head.
“Alright,” Gerry said grudgingly. “I gotta tell Dusty, though.”
“Go for it. I’m off to hunt.” 
Gerry grimaced. Xander rose, more restless than usual. He Traveled to the same club he visited the night before, hungry. 

Chapter Five

The doorbell woke Xander the next morning. He spent most of the night up with the woman in his bed then fell asleep after he fed from her, content and sated, as usual. The blonde was sleeping, her naked body resting on top of the covers. He looked her over, satisfied with his latest conquest, then rose, finished with her after one night. Normal vamps didn’t need to feed daily, but he did. 
His phone had a text waiting. He grabbed it as he strode towards the door and saw Jessi had anticipated him. 
Good morning! Rule #3!
Xander froze in the middle of his bedroom. It was five 'til eight. If she was early, she was on stealth mode. He couldn’t sense her like he did the person at the door. He couldn’t tell if any traps awaited him outside his bedroom door. He was hunted in his own house.
He changed directions and pulled on loose judo pants that settled low on his hips before replacing the red gem at his throat. Xander paused to sense what might be waiting for him then whipped open the door to his bedroom and strolled out.
The microwave was on, and the shirt he thought he’d ruined was draped over the back of the chair in the informal dining room. The second floor smelled of coffee, and his was waiting for him on the porch, where he took it every morning. Instead of comforting him, he was suspicious of the morning routine. He didn’t see or sense her, like a ghost was prepping his coffee and ironing his shirt. 
Cat sat at the top of the stairs overlooking the main floor, as if to tell him where Jessi was. 
Xander went to the porch with his coffee. Another text popped up, worsening his mood. 
From me, not Sofi: watch it. Jule said in the text.
His day was not starting well.
Xander’s senses picked up nothing, but they wouldn’t. The Others were beyond the ability of even an Original Being or a God to sense. There was only one Tracker in existence that was able to pinpoint the whereabouts of a Watcher or Other, the two sets of immortals always at each others’ throats. Six months ago, they lost their ability to move between worlds, mainly because the immortal world was destroyed.
Could a Tracker pick up Jessi? 
He heard raised voices from the direction of the front door. Curious, he twisted to see the door, no easy feat given it was on the floor below. But Xander’s enhanced eyesight was able to see one half of the strange interaction.
He assumed Jessi was trying not to let someone in. Xander swung his feet down and strode through the apartment and down the stairs to the ground floor, intrigued by who dared try to push their way into his apartment. 
As before, even seeing her, his extra senses didn’t identify anyone stood before him until he was within three feet of Jessi. 
“What’s going on?” he asked as he approached. 
“Ahh … we don’t want any,” she said quickly and shoved at a hand reaching through the open doorway. She slammed the door and locked it. “It’s all good.”
“What’s all good?”
His gaze went past her to whoever was on the other side of the door. The middle-aged woman was furious and frustrated. She glared at the door for a moment before turning and stalking away, down the hallway.
She had warts. A quick peek into her mind informed him that April Madera – the personal assistant Ingrid hired – was storming off while the Natural Jessi remained.
Jessi was on her tiptoes, peeking through the peephole.
“They’re selling popcorn.”
She lied. Xander was instantly interested. So she did know what was going on, despite her sweet appearance. It struck him that she might be lying about the kids and her name to throw him off.
“Maybe I like popcorn,” he replied and stretched over her head to unlock the door. 
Jessi faced him and pressed her back to the door to keep him from opening it, gazing up at him. Her face was flushing again, and he saw the signs she wasn’t as unaffected by him as he first thought. 
His attention shifted to her, their bodies separated by less than two feet of space. His bite had the effect of enhancing anything he did to a woman. If he bit her, would he be able to read her mind finally? 
“Not this stuff,” she hedged. “It’s, um, low fat.”
She was a horrible liar, uncertain enough in her attempts that he assessed she didn’t do it often. It only added to her mystery. He hated being off balanced and felt the need to poke at her, until he was able to figure out what made her tick.
She slid out from between him and the door, and he heard her sigh. She all but fled up the stairs to the kitchen, heading towards the iPad. 
Xander trailed, watching her perfect, heart-shaped ass. He sensed secrets in people, and this woman had a ton of them, which was at odds with her clear gaze and the shimmer of innocence around her. He stood outside the kitchen. 
He was definitely missing something. What was it?
“Do you want more coffee?” she called.
“No.”
“Um, okay.” She was fumbling with the iPad nervously. 
He watched her drop it, the sound of metal on stone preceding her curse by a second. She picked up the tablet and set it on the counter. Restarting it, she rested her elbow on the counter and leaned her chin on her hand, her dark blonde curls sweeping forward. Relief crossed her features as the iPad started right up.
Whatever threat she might be, he could handle it. She couldn’t kill him or hurt him. But she could drive him crazy.
“Rule number two,” he said brusquely and returned to his coffee on the porch. It was eight. Time for his dinner to be sent packing.
As soon as he was three feet from her, he lost all ability to track her. Xander sat on the porch. He drank his mug of coffee and waited. The blonde came down the stretch of beach, wearing even less than usual. She ran in a bikini-style workout outfit. She stopped, stretched and bent over, her bikini top straining to contain her large breasts. 
The daily routine of coffee and the blonde eased his tension. A few moments later, he heard the sounds of groggy protest as Jessi roused his dinner and led her out of the apartment. 
Xander enjoyed the show. When Jessi tripped his senses, he tensed so quickly, he nearly leapt out of his seat. She smelled like pineapple and brown sugar. Her small hand reached for his coffee pot.
He snatched it. “Don’t touch my coffee.” 
She gasped and yanked away, but not before he saw the bruises on her upper arm. Xander’s reflexes were faster than hers. He grabbed her wrist.
“Those are fingers,” he said, observing the length and shape of the marks. “New bruises.”
Jessi pulled away again. She disappeared from his senses. Silently, he began to think he wasn’t going to tolerate the ghost in his house long enough for him to figure out what was going on. Not knowing where she was frustrated him.
“Jessi. Coffee.”
“You just said not to touch it!” she replied from the direction of the kitchen.
“I changed my mind.”
“You can get your own.”
He smiled, not expecting the saucy reply. His mind went to the Guardians, who had at one time GPS-tagged him. They had the technology to track someone like Jessi. He’d pay Gerry’s station another visit later today.
“I can’t take it anymore,” Jessi said a few minutes later. 
“What?” he asked.
“I’ll be back in five.”
He twisted, not expecting her to leave. Her blonde curls bounced as she trotted down the stairs. He heard the door close. He turned to face the stairwell, at the top of which Cat sat, also waiting.
Her five minutes took thirty. Xander was pissed by the time she returned, aware he’d never be able to track her down if she didn’t come back of her own free will. The idea he’d never solve this mystery infuriated him, but not as much as the idea she was able to sneak up on him at will. 
Jessi was breathless when she reappeared at the top of the stairs. Her eyes went to him, and she paused. In her hands was a huge bouquet of miniature sunflowers. 
“You’re not supposed to leave during work hours,” he told her. “And I hate flowers.”
“It’s not a rule,” she replied. “They’re not for you anyway. They’re for your house.” She rolled her eyes and set them down on the table beside the couch. “You’ve managed to strip all the life out of this place. You need more coffee?”
“Yes.”
He stared at the flowers, a sign of disorder in his otherwise sterile condo. She seemed happy with herself. When she left for the day, he’d throw them out. He went warily back to his porch. 
“Bring another mug,” he called. 
She made a sound of disgust. “You invite that big-boobed blonde up?”
He said nothing. Ingrid had the same reaction every morning. At least something about Jessi was normal. He tensed as she tripped his senses again. She refilled the coffee pot and set another mug on the table.
“Have a seat,” he directed her.
“No, thanks.”
“Sit your ass down, Jessi.”
She hesitated then sat across from him. He poured her coffee. They stared at each other. Her warm beauty and large eyes were at odds with an agenda that couldn’t be good. There were dark circles under her eyes today, as if she hadn’t slept. Dressed simply in a casual, wrap dress and ballet flats, she nonetheless had a body he found beyond appealing.
“Husband do that?” he asked, glancing at the bruises on her arm. 
“No.” She smiled. “You wanna guess again?”
The playful challenge in her gaze stirred his competitive edge, the one that didn’t lose and hated being out of control.
“You’re stuck with a deadbeat boyfriend who doesn’t carry his own weight and beats you because he’s some sort of control freak,” he guessed.
“Not even close.” She laughed. “I get to try now. But I get one question, because you got one. If you had friends, would they be men or women?” 
“Women,” he said with a snort.
“You’re the product of a single mother, probably raised in near-poverty, based on your simple tastes. Whatever your father did to you and your mother, it was probably bad. You’re somewhat protective of women, even if you refuse to form attachments, and you’re aggressive with men.”
He tilted his head to the side. “Not bad.”
“I cheated on part of that,” she admitted. “I got here early and was reading the highlighted portions of one of your psychology books.”
“My turn again.” He leaned forward. “You were sent here because you have some sort of special skill. You want something I have. Whoever is behind sending you here is probably threatening you, if you don’t deliver.”
The color fled from her cheeks as he spoke. 
“Whoever did that to your arm did it as a reminder, which makes me think they’re in a hurry to get whatever it is.”
A thick silence fell. She cleared her throat.
“I gotta feed the cat,” she whispered. She rose and fled the porch. 
For the first time since meeting her, Xander felt like he had the upper hand. Surprisingly, he wasn’t satisfied by it. She was there to fuck him over, and he was no closer to knowing when and how. Or why.



Jessi was shaken by the interaction. Was it that obvious? What was he going to do about it, now that he knew? Tell the police? Fire her? She drew a few deep breaths. It was like dealing with the teens: she had to pretend like he wasn’t getting to her.
It was bad enough that Jonny was threatening some kind of penalty. She wasn’t sure she’d keep sane, if she considered all the bad things that might happen. Last night’s penalty hadn’t been that bad. Bruises and a threat. She could handle that every night. 
She went to the iPad and tried to focus on reading her rules. Her mind kept drifting between Xander and the marks on her arm from one of Jonny’s goons. He was waiting for her when she got home last night, standing outside her apartment door. Jonny sent another note, this one detailing the activities of Ashley’s day down to the license plate number of the friend Ashley ditched school to meet.
Jessi said nothing to the cousins and only took the note after the goon at her door hurt her arm. That was after half a day of work. What was going to happen tonight when she went home?
If Jonny wouldn’t find out, she’d send the kids to her parents. Jessi was starting to feel … trapped. Like she did in the orderly condo.
A calendar reminder popped up.
“Your guests will arrive soon,” she called to Xander. “Should you get dressed?” She smiled as the words left her mouth. It was like talking to the kids.
She looked towards the porch and jumped. He was standing a few feet from her, outside the kitchen. She met his strange red gaze. It was hard to keep her eyes from drifting downward, to the body that was nothing but muscle under taut bronze skin. He moved silently and with smoothness and purpose. Thick shoulders and arms, chiseled chest and abs. The kind of body that was strong enough to hold and protect her from the freaky dream she’d stumbled into this week. The judo pants rode low enough on his hips to tease her imagination of what lay just a couple inches below the seam. Dangerously sexy, his shoulder length dark hair tousled and his heavy, clean-cut jaw shaded by several days of growth. His direct gaze left her unsettled once more. 
 “So … go put on clothes,” she said, face warm. It was too hard to deal with him when she wanted to stare at his perfect body.
“Stay right there,” he ordered. She rolled her eyes at him.
For a moment, he didn’t move. She returned her attention to the iPad. Only then did he turn and retreat down the hallway. 
Xander’s calendar was full for the week. She flipped through his schedule, overwhelmed before it even began. Ingrid referenced documents she emailed the woman who was supposed to be here, documents Jessi had no access to. 
She successfully navigated through her first obstacle: turning away the woman who was supposed to be here. Second obstacle: surviving her first full day in an unfamiliar job working for someone with the uncanny knowledge that she was there for nefarious reasons. 
The work cell rang, and she picked it up, answering instinctively.
“Hello?”
“Hi, Ingrid, this is Toni.” The woman’s voice was high-pitched and nasally. 
“Ingrid’s on vacation. This is –“
“Great, well we’ll be about half an hour early. Is that okay with Xander?”
Jessi glanced towards his bedroom, not about to knock on his door to see if he was ready.
“Yeah, it’s fine,” she answered.
“Great. We’ll see you soon.” Toni hung up.
Jessi eyed the phone, realizing there were five voice messages already this morning, along with a few texts. 
She listened to the voicemails first and was soon laughing so hard, she was in tears. All were from women who sounded desperate just to talk to the strange man who owned this condo.
Xander’s gaze settled on her as he emerged from the direction of his room. He was dressed in jeans and a casual button-down shirt that was snug across his shoulders and chest and loose over his abdomen. His hair was tied back. She didn’t think it was possible for him to look sexier in clothing, but he somehow managed to.
“What?” he asked warily.
Jessi wiped her eyes and set the phone down. She shook her head, grinning. Too aware of his scrutiny, she cleared her throat and pretended to read the iPad. Another laugh bubbled up.
Xander hadn’t moved. She felt like she was at the zoo, standing in front of the cage of a hungry lion.
“Toni will be early,” she said to fill the tense silence. “I take it you don’t listen to the messages women leave on your assistant’s phone.”
“No.”
“Yeah, well, they’re pretty funny.”
Under the intensity of his glare, nothing was humorous. She scratched the back of her head nervously.
“How do you want me to handle phone calls like that?” she asked.
“I don’t do reruns, so as long as you don’t invite them over, I don’t care.”
“Reruns?”
“Sleep with the same girl twice.” He smiled.
“Are you serious?”
“Very.”
Definitely not laughing at that. She kept her mouth closed this time with some difficulty and looked away. 
“How much did Ingrid say I was paying you?” 
“Not enough,” she replied. To her surprise, he laughed. “I can’t believe people leave those kinds of messages on your phone or that Ingrid has to deal with three hundred and sixty four horny women a year calling you to beg for a second night of sex.”
“It’s probably closer to five hundred. I have a healthy libido.”
“Whatever.” Her face was getting warmer. “There’s something wrong with them and …” you. She stopped herself before saying it out loud.
“Did you stop to think there might be something wrong with you?” he returned. “If every woman I meet is like that, except for you?”
“No,” she replied. “I’m the only normal person I know.”
“Trust me. You’re not normal.”
For a few seconds, he almost seemed approachable. Tapping the iPad screen to keep it from falling asleep, she flipped through to her rules.
“Okay, rule number seven,” she said. “Review Xander’s day with him. You ready for that?”
He didn’t answer. When she glanced up, he was gone. She peered out of the kitchen and saw he’d gone back to the porch, apparently done talking to her. Jessi followed him onto the balcony. 
“So we need to review your day,” she began again. “Ten o’clock interview.”
“Right.”
“Two o’clock …” she drifted off, trying to click the calendar note open unsuccessfully. She propped it on the railing and tried to manipulate the box, wondering if dropping it messed up something.
Xander reached around her unceremoniously and snatched it. 
“Not doing that,” he said.
As she watched, he deleted whatever it was then moved onto his evening schedule and deleted everything there, too.
“Did you just delete all your events today?” she asked. “Wait, not my to-do list!” She tried to grab it. He held it out of her reach. “What’re you doing?”
“I am going to make you sweat,” he replied calmly.
“You want to make my life miserable?” Jessi rubbed her cheeks, already stressed out and biting her tongue to keep from snapping at him. Her temper was legendary in her household.
“Think of it as a stress test. We’ll see how long it takes you to snap.”
“You’re acting like my seventeen-year-old.”
He looked up at her. “Seventeen? You can’t be over twenty five.”
“I am. And yes, seventeen.” She snatched the iPad. The last thing she needed was to be fired, before she had what she came for. Jonny warned her that this guy wasn’t normal, she reminded herself. 
His faint smile was far from promising. If anything, it rattled her. Somehow, he knew too much about her purpose there. What was he planning?
“I’ll text Ingrid about your schedule,” she said. 
“A word to the wise: She’s expecting to hear from April, not Jessi.”
Jessi’s heart leapt, but she forced herself not to react. “Are you ready for your interview at least?”
“Yeah.”
She shook her head and left him on the porch. He had to be waiting for the blonde to come by again. Which was good for her. As long as he stayed distracted, she could try to find where he kept the necklace. He was wearing it now, but he had to take it off sometime. If she knew where he kept it, she could swoop in and snatch it the first time he wasn’t wearing it. Finding it and turning it over was a small price to pay to get out of the bind she was in.
With another glance towards the porch, Jessi started down the hallway. She stood in the doorway to his room for a long moment, trying to figure out how the hell he knew so much about her. A seed of a thought that emerged yesterday returned stronger. 
If Jonny was some sort of freaky vampire and wasn’t willing to face Xander to get the necklace, did that mean Xander was some sort of … creature, too? If so, what? He claimed to be a vampire, but it made no sense. He was nothing like Jonny. He was more assured, stronger. He sometimes almost seemed approachable, though the intensity around him hadn’t eased from the moment she set foot in the door. She didn’t feel threatened around Xander like she had around Jonny.
Instinctively, she made the bed, as she did every morning for her cousins.
“My door is always open to willing women,” his voice jarred her. 
“I’m making your bed, not getting into it.”
“You’ll forgive me if I don’t want you out of my sight,” he said dryly. He was leaning against the doorframe, arms folded and gaze suspicious. 
“Sweet little ole me?” she asked, blinking at him coyly. “I’m harmless, especially to someone as big as you.” The guy Jonny sent was half Xander’s size and left a handprint on her arm. She wasn’t going to imagine what someone with Xander’s strength could do.
“You are far from harmless,” he replied. “I don’t hurt women. I just fuck ‘em.”
“A true gentleman.” She grabbed and fluffed a pillow to hide her grimace. 
“Whatever it is you’re after, I’ll make you a deal for it.”
“I’m not after anything.”
“When you’re ready to talk, let me know.”
She cursed him silently. It was some sort of trick to get her to slip up. She wasn’t falling for it, though. He was serious about her remaining in his sight. She glanced over her shoulder to see his eyes traveling over her body. Rattled and thrilled, she moved to the other side of the bed to reach the pillows there instead of stretching.
“What do you do?” she asked. “You’re built like a wrestler or football player or something.”
“You don’t watch TV.”
“No. I’ve got two jobs.”
“Read the tabloids next time you go to the store. You’ll figure it out,” he said. “Single mom. Two kids.”
She glared at him. 
“Just admit I’m right, and I’ll move on,” he said with a chuckle. 
“Fine. Yes. Was I right about you being the product of a single mom?”
There was a pause. “Yes. My father kicked us out soon after I was born. She died when I was ten.” The quietness with which he spoke made Jessi feel bad for asking. “My upbringing after that can be called interesting.”
Jessi paused, not expecting a response. The private man who hadn’t even named his cat didn’t seem like someone comfortable with sharing. He didn’t seem affected by the words, as if whatever wound the events caused was completely gone. She felt the need to say something though, knowing how much pain her cousins went through when they lost their parents.
He was studying her, his air relaxed for once. She gazed back, uncertain why the moment touched her on a level she didn’t think was possible with a stranger. She cleared her throat, then said,
 “My, uh, kids lost their parents in a car accident a few years ago. I’m their legal guardian. No one else in the family would take them in.” 
As soon as the words were out, she was furious with herself for revealing something personal. She’d meant to give him some sort of bland sympathy like people gave her kids. You turned out okay or something to acknowledge the issue without personalizing it.  She hated that kind of insincerity, but if ever she wanted to deliver it, it was now. 
“You’re wasting the best years of your life for them.”
“What an awful thing to say!” she exclaimed. “They’re my family.”
“When was the last time you got laid?”
“Who asks a question like that of a complete stranger?” 
“I can’t read your mind, and you’re the only woman who has been in my bedroom who I haven’t fucked. It makes sense to me,” he explained, a small smile on his face.
Calm. Calm. Calm. Losing her temper wasn’t going to get her anywhere, especially now that she knew he was trying to provoke her.
“More than a year?”
She ignored him. 
“I’m going to guess closer to multiple years. Three?” 
“It’s none of your damn business!” she muttered. 
“Four. At least.”
She all but threw the last of the pillows into place.
“You can stay tomorrow night,” he offered. His gaze swept over her body.
“Absolutely not,” she said firmly. “Definitely not interested in …" you. He was the sexiest man she’d ever seen. The way he looked at her made her whole body feel warm. “… whatever. Just here for the job. Do you even know the names of these girls?”
“Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thurs-.” 
“I get the point!” 
He was assessing her again, amused by her anger. Jessi tried not to look away, unwilling to back down. Too much was riding on that necklace for her to give any sign she was there for any other reason.
The doorbell rang, saving her. She squeezed by him, desperate to leave the tension of the bedroom.
“You’re a shitty liar,” he said as she hurried down the hallway.
“You’re an asshole!”
He laughed.
Temper, Jessi! she berated herself, aware of what happened if she pissed him off. 
She breathed a sigh of relief as she reached the door, ready for a distraction after the intense interaction with Xander. She peered through the peephole to make sure it wasn’t the woman she’d barely gotten rid of earlier. Four people stood outside the door: a leggy brunette, a photographer armed with a huge camera and two others. She opened the door.
“Ingrid? I’m Toni,” the sexy brunette posing outside the door said. 
“I’m Jessi.”
“Great. This is my photographer Laurencio and assistant Gerry. That’s … Laurencio’s assistant,” Toni said. “Where is he? Is he ready?” She was already pushing her way in.
“As ready as he’ll ever be,” Jessi answered. 
Toni walked into the apartment like it was a catwalk, pausing every few feet to primp and pose. Jessi watched her, blown away by the perfect beauty and her small entourage. Her assistant, Gerry, looked like a college athlete with a huge, bright grin, blond hair and friendly hazel eyes. Laurencio was dark and brooding, his camera bag over one shoulder while the camera was out and ready. His assistant was slender and handsome, the only other besides Gerry to smile. 
Jessi closed the door behind them. The four who looked ready for a modeling shoot. Toni flicked her hair over her shoulder.
“Let me … find him. Go ahead and make yourselves at home down here,” Jessi said, indicating the formal living room. 
She skirted the group, feeling underdressed and frumpy in her faded wrap, jersey-knit dress. She wore it because she was too upset to wash out the pile of jeans when she got home last night. Self-conscious, she went to the bedroom, where Xander was. Before she could order him downstairs as she intended, he spoke.  
“You’ve got small fingers. Put this on.” He held out a black cord with a red gem.

Chapter Six

Did he know somehow why she was there? Is that why he dangled it before her? Jessi almost cursed. She entered the dark, sensual bedroom once again and accepted the necklace with the rough, round red ruby at its center. 
“Interesting,” Xander said. “You’re still standing.”
“What?”
“You don’t notice anything strange about it?”
She turned it over in her hands. Black metalwork held the gem in place. In the dim light of his bedroom, she was able to make out a small symbol on the metal: a moon in two separate phases, full and crescent. The ruby glowed faintly, as if there was a light at its center.
“No, it’s beautiful,” she murmured, managing to hide her frustration at holding what she came for. “Family heirloom?”
“Something like that.”
She rolled her eyes at the vague answer then stretched up on her tiptoes to wrap the chain around his neck. He was tall enough that the movement caused her body to rest against his, however briefly. He steadied her with his hands on her hips. She almost dropped the necklace at his touch. The heat of his large hands burned through her thin dress, and warmth bloomed within her. He smelled like the room: dark, smoky and slightly sweet. 
Definitely five years since any man touched her.
Jessi fumbled with the lobster clasp on the black cord necklace, completely shaken by his size and heat.
“Today would be nice.” Xander’s low voice, with its naturally husky edge, made her flush. “If I didn’t know better, I’d say you’re enjoying this.” 
She focused hard on the clasp, her senses filling with him. “I assure you I’m not. I have the feeling you can do this yourself.” 
“Yeah.” He pulled her closer, until her hips rested against his. 
“You are a piece of work!” Her breath caught at the direct contact of their bodies and the effect it had on hers.
“Does it bother you?”
“You want me to say yes, don’t you?”
By his smile, he did. 
“Done,” she mumbled and stepped away quickly. “Your court awaits you.”
“After you.”
“No, really. You go.” She was too rattled to deal with anyone. She needed five minutes to herself to cool down. Maybe a cold shower or two.
“You’re not leaving my sight.”
Frazzled, she went. He slapped her on her ass as she passed him, infuriating her.
“You know that’s sexual harassment?” she snapped. “If you want me to quit, keep it up.”
“You won’t quit.” His reply was far calmer than she felt. 
He was right, but she wasn’t about to admit it. The man who didn’t seem to know what to do with her yesterday was toying with her today. She didn’t like it at all, not when there was so much at stake. She needed to grab that necklace and leave. Fast.
He trailed her down the stairs and into the formal living area. Toni’s face lit up, and she thrust out her chest in a way that made Jessi want to laugh in embarrassment on the oblivious model’s behalf. Jessi stepped aside to let Xander deal with the gorgeous woman, hoping Toni made him as uncomfortable as he did her upstairs.
Within seconds, the woman was hanging off of Xander’s arm, throwing herself at him.
“I knew you were big, but I didn’t know you were this big,” she said with a sugared laugh.
Jessi rolled her eyes. Xander caught the movement. She turned away fast.
“Laurencio, start taking pics,” Toni ordered. “You care to pose with me, Xander? Maybe that oh-so-sexy vampire thing you do with your assistant at the end of every show?”
This guy has his own show? Jessi made a mental note to look up who exactly Xander was. She didn’t dare turn around, not certain she’d be able to witness Toni throwing herself at Xander without laughing at him. The awkward silence behind her was soon filled by the clicking of Laurencio’s camera. 
“Ingrid, I’m Gerry,” the hazel-eyed man said, holding out his hand.
“I’m Jessi. Ingrid is on vacation,” she said. She was at once lost in his bright smile. “Do you all want coffee or anything?”
“I’d love some. In fact, I’ll help you. Toni’s got her hands full,” he said in a lowered voice and winked. 
Jessi led him up the stairs to the kitchen, not caring what Xander said about staying where he could see her. She soon heard Toni’s high-pitched laugh as the woman started the interview with Xander. His low, quiet responses were the opposite of Toni’s annoying whinny.
“How can you stand that?” Jessi asked Gerry. 
“She pays well and has connections.” He pulled open the refrigerator and retrieved the creamer.
“At least you’re honest about it.”
“And you? How do you put up with  … him?” Gerry glanced at her. “I thought it was all fake, for the show. Does he wear those red contacts all the time?”
“Looks that way. I don’t even know what show he’s on,” she admitted. 
“He’s on two. It started with Secrets of a Vampire, which is some soap opera show about a family of vampires. He has a cooking show, too.”
“Cooking?” She laughed. “He can’t even make coffee.”
“From what I read, the cooking show was an accident. He was a guest on a show, and the ratings were so high, they nudged out the original host and put him in there.”
“Figures,” Jessi muttered. “So far, he’s an absolute jackass.”
Gerry grimaced. “A lot of these sudden celebrities are. Toni’s dad is Antonio Porter. The Antonio Porter. She’s done nothing but ride his coattails.”
“Wow. He was one of my favorite action heroes growing up,” Jessi said. She crossed to the railing of the loft area overlooking the formal living room with its two-story hearth. “She’s totally sitting in Xander’s lap.”
“All she talked about earlier was nailing him. She collects men like this.”
“Seriously?”
“Oh, yeah. Every photo shoot, this happens.” Gerry joined her, watching the four below.
“Xander can keep up with her,” she said. “He sleeps with a different woman every night.”
“I’m so jealous.”
“Really?” she asked, considering. “I mean, he’s got an incredible body, but … Oh, you’re talking about sleeping with a different woman every night.”
He winked. “I see where your mind is.”
“He offered to make me Ms. Tuesday.”
“And you said …” There was an odd edge in Gerry’s voice.
She studied him, noticing the sharpness of his gaze for the first time. He was taking in everything around him with eyes that were never still. Almost like Xander did. Or the goon Jonny sent after her. Or Jonny.
“I told him to go to hell,” she said. “Do you …” How did she ask what she wanted? If he was some sort of vampire freak? “…know him?”
“We’ve crossed paths. I know him well enough to think he didn’t take your rejection well.” Gerry’s smile was guarded.
“He laughed,” she said with a shrug. “He’s almost always an ass. I don’t want anything to do with him.”
“I thought women were drawn to jackasses. I keep telling myself that’s my problem. I’m too nice,” he said.
Jessi started to laugh then realized the handsome man was serious.
“Gerry, bring me something to drink,” Toni called.
They looked down to find all four of those on the lower level staring up. 
Jessi ducked back from the railing and retrieved a cup of coffee. She placed it on a tray with the creamer and sugars then handed it to Gerry. 
“Coffee, Jessi,” Xander echoed.
“We’re fresh out of everything, Xander,” she replied.
Gerry winked. “You’re messing with a tiger. Just be careful with him.”
“I’ve met scarier animals.”
Gerry appeared interested in her words, until Toni whinnied at him again. He left. 
Jessi made her own cup of coffee and went to the railing. She watched him walk into the room, appreciative of his athletic frame. Xander glanced up at her then followed her gaze. He seemed amused, but she had no idea why. Gerry catered to Toni, whose chest was thrust even farther out than before. 
Xander stood and disappeared from Jessi’s view while Toni fussed. Toni was lecturing Gerry on how she took her coffee. Jessi’s attention was on Gerry, who was smiling politely while his jaw ticked. She wanted to commiserate with the horse’s assistant, who seemed as awkward in his role as Jessi felt in hers. 
She didn’t notice Xander approach. He reached the railing and leaned beside her. Jessi was caught in his strange spell for a moment. He handed the iPad to her.
The calendar was completely blank. 
“Really?” she demanded quietly enough that those in the nearby living area couldn’t hear. “That’s so juvenile!”
“Coffee.” He handed her his mug.
She snatched it and went to the kitchen, still rattled by their earlier interaction. 
“I’m guessing Toni is Monday, which is why you offered me the Tuesday slot?” she grumbled.
“My calendar fills up quickly. I can’t guarantee I’ll have time for you the rest of the week.”
“Alas. I think I’ve got plans,” she replied with an exaggerated sigh. She poured him coffee.
“Not with a man.”
Jessi glared at him. “I’m not a model, like your women, but I don’t have a problem getting a date, if I want to. Some men want more than looks.”
“Right.” He was amused. “Who is it?”
“Gerry.”
He crossed his arms, and his gaze darkened.
“He said you don’t deal with rejection well,” she said sweetly. “Does that bother you?” She had him off guard again, the way he was yesterday and the way she’d been all morning so far. “By the way, Xander, you can get your own damn coffee.” 
She moved to the sink and dumped his out. Mirroring his pose, she crossed her arms and leaned back against the counter. 
“Maybe we can stop toying with each other now?” she asked in a tone she used with her cousins. 
He entered the kitchen, stopping too close for her comfort. Jessi gazed up at him, goose-bumps forming on her arms as she recalled what she’d felt with his hands on her hips earlier. Unlike her cousins, he knew when she was bluffing. 
“We just have to survive the week, and I’m out of your hair,” she added nervously, trying not to inch away. 
“You started this.”
“I did?” she asked, surprised. 
“Fine if you don’t want to be Tuesday. But don’t fuck with my coffee.”
He reached past her, his heat and scent stirring her senses once more. He was watching her closely, and she willed her body not to respond to him as it had earlier. She was too aware of that body, of the open offer to sleep with him. How incredible would he be? The dazed woman Jessi led out of his bed in the morning had murmured about what he did. Jessi tried not to listen but wasn’t able to shake the vision of the dreamy look on the woman’s face as she relived the night. 
He took her mug of coffee but remained in her space.
“You’ve got a nice ass,” Xander said. “Real women have something back there to grab.”
“You’re like a junior high jock trapped in a Redwood tree,” she replied and planted her hands in the middle of his chest to push him away. He didn’t move.
“It was a compliment. It’s clear Toni makes you uncomfortable about yourself.”
“Telling me I have a nice ass is supposed to make me feel better?”
“I’ll do better. I’ll show you. You want Monday? I’ll move Toni to Tuesday,” he said, a glow in his gaze.
“Hell no!”
Xander turned his head to the side. “Gerry, off limits.”
“Got it,” Gerry replied promptly from somewhere behind Xander.
Satisfied, Xander winked. His eerie red eyes swept over her again before he slid away, out of the kitchen. 
“This is the worst job ever,” she muttered.
“Wow. He is an asshole,” Gerry said.
“I told you!” Jessi poured herself more coffee, eyes going to the blank iPad calendar. 
“You’re not going to last.”
“I’m ready to quit already.”
Gerry gazed at her sympathetically. She sighed.
“Tell you what. I’ll give you my cell number. When you feel like venting, call,” Gerry said and picked up her cell. “Oh, and tell Xander I’m not hitting on you.”
“You’re afraid of him?” she asked in agitation. 
“You’ve got balls. I wouldn’t throw down the gauntlet with him,” Gerry said with gravity. 
“I want him to back off. I’m here for a week then gone.” Hopefully not dead.
“You don’t seem to fit this line of work. Why take this job?”
Jessi sighed, uncertain how to answer. Her thoughts went to her cousins. She was doing her damndest not to think about what happened if she failed. Pretending this was a normal job was draining. 
She went to the railing again to watch Toni throw herself all over Xander under the guise of conducting an interview.
“I didn’t really have a choice,” Jessi said when Gerry joined her. “Anyway, thanks for the offer to talk. I’ll probably be texting you this week.”
“Anytime.”
“They’re perfect for each other,” Jessi said, glimpsing Toni posing provocatively for Xander while Laurencio snapped pics.
“Ger, we’re going to do some photos on the beach. I need my other shoes,” Toni called.
“Fetch, Ger,” Jessi whispered to him. She added a snap of her fingers that pulled a quiet laugh from him. 
“Come on, we’ll talk more,” he said and waved for her to follow as he went to the stairs. She trotted down the steps behind him. Gerry stopped to grab a satchel that was by the door then took it to Toni. 
The clicking of the camera drew Jessi’s attention. Laurencio was taking her picture.
“No, none of that,” she said and held up her hand. “I’m a temp.”
“You’ve got a glowing aura. He’s trying to capture it,” Xander said from across the living area.
“You’ve got a glowing aura. I’m trying to capture it,” Laurencio repeated.
How bizarre. “Um, thanks. But, no.” She kept her hand up.
“Don’t waste good film on someone who buys her clothes at an outlet mall,” Toni said to Laurencio. “Come on. I’m wearing my bikini under this.” These words were addressed to Xander.
I’m not going to last two days, Jessi grated to herself. She tried to hang back, but Xander motioned for her to follow them. Grudgingly, she went to the opened doors opposite her that led directly onto the beach.
Gerry waited for her. Toni was hanging off Xander while Laurencio snapped a flurry of pictures. Jessi stopped to take off her sandals as she trailed them onto the beach. Gerry walked beside her. 
“So, where you from?” he asked.
“Northern California. It’s like a whole different country.”
“I bet! I’m from Nebraska originally. Moved here to pursue my acting career.”
“You’re an actor?”
“Someday. I’ve had a few bit parts and been in a rut for awhile.”
“How is that possible?” she exclaimed. “You have problems dating and can’t get an acting job?”
“It takes connections for both around here,” he said. “I’m a dime a dozen. The girls all want to date people with money or family who can get them places.”
“That’s stupid,” she replied. “If you need a short, fat date for something, call me.”
“You’re not short or fat!”
Her eyes went to Toni, who had stripped off her shirt. “Um, yeah, I am.” 
She was feeling insecure, and for good reason. Xander’s comments about her rear end did nothing to help, though she gave him credit for trying.
Jessi and Gerry stopped to watch as Laurencio’s assistant set up a tripod. The photographer coached Xander how to stand. When happy, he snapped pics. Toni watched, her hungry gaze taking in every part of Xander. It got worse when Xander removed his shirt. Toni was almost prancing with her excitement to get close to him.
Jessi saw what Toni saw, but she wasn’t going to drop at Xander’s feet. She exchanged a look with Gerry before her eyes went past him to the group of three women watching nearby. All wore similar dreamy expressions to Toni’s.
“Am I the only one with any sort of self-respect?” Jessi asked.
“Or maybe you’re immune to his … charm,” Gerry said with a grin. “I haven’t known him long, but I see this happen wherever he goes.”
“You’re saying I’m the weird one, not these girls?” She raised an eyebrow at him. 
“Unfortunately. It might not be that good of a thing,” he said. “From that exchange in the kitchen I overheard, I’d say you drew his attention.” 
“He’s interested in every woman. Just because I’m the only one who doesn’t …oh. Oh.” She frowned fiercely. “So because I don’t act like everyone else, he noticed me.”
“No one else talks to him like you do and lives to walk away.” The words seemed to be meant as a joke, but there was an edge in Gerry’s tone that made her think he knew Xander much better than he let on. “Maybe if you were like everyone else, he’d let you go after your week is up.”
Let you go. Fear slid through her. She never considered she was getting into something she wasn’t going to escape. She assumed Jonny was the only danger. Her instincts warned her that she didn’t want Xander’s attention. 
Whatever was going on, Gerry was somehow involved. Jessi wasn’t able to figure out how Jonny, Xander and Gerry were connected, except that they had to be. They just weren’t normal.
“You’re saying that, instead of treating him like I do my teenage cousins, I should pretend I’m dealing with a five-year-old who’s convinced his stick figure drawing is a masterpiece.”
Gerry laughed. 
“Okay. I’ll play along. I’ll try anyway. I don’t think I can look that desperate if I tried,” she said, amazed at Toni’s brazen attempts to flash Xander.
Jessi studied Xander’s body once more, forced to admit that the man had the perfect combination of rugged beauty and flawless form. Even the muscles along his back were roped, defined. They rippled with his controlled movements.
Laurencio finally motioned a preening Toni into the shot. The woman lost no time in running her hands over Xander’s body. She unsnapped the button of his jeans with one flick of her fingers and plunged her hand down his pants. She gave another high-pitched whinny and posed beside him. Laurencio was encouraging her.
“Omigod!” Jessi stifled a laugh. 
“Yeah. Wow.” Gerry rubbed the back of his head in embarrassment. “This is getting awkward, isn’t it?”
She’d hoped to see Toni drive Xander crazy. He seemed at ease with the female attention or at least, unconcerned with where Toni’s hands went. The photographer issued them a few directions, with his assistant helping them pose. Toni was almost shimmying up and down Xander’s body in her excitement. 
Jessi’s mouth was agape at the erotic poses Laurencio called for them to do. Xander pretending to bite her neck while she lay on top of him, the two of them spooning, even one where the massive man straddled her and pretended to hold her down.
Toni’s face was glowing. Xander looked bored.
“How about a beauty and the beast shot,” Xander said. “Innocence and danger.”
“Toni, this last one might work better if you’re wearing a shirt,” Laurencio said. “Sort of a beauty and the beast, innocence and danger.”
Jessi was perplexed by the verbatim repetition of Laurencio. Gerry muttered something. She glanced at him. 
“Toni isn’t innocent looking,” Xander added. “How about Jessi?”
Laurencio copied him again. Jessi wondered if she was the only one who heard Xander, which made no sense, considering the photographer stood between her and the massive man. 
“Or Toni could put on her clothes,” Gerry suggested. The edge was back to him again. He tossed the model her shirt. She pulled it on with a dirty look at her assistant. 
Jessi covered her mouth but ended up faking an outburst of coughs to keep from laughing out loud. Xander looked at her again, a flicker of something she thought might be cunning crossing his features.
The photographer seemed to be considering.
“Jessi’s got that look,” Xander prompted.
“Jessi’s got that look.”
“Absolutely not,” she replied.
“I can be innocent looking!” Toni replied. “I’m an actress.”
Laurencio, however, was looking at Jessi. “You’re right, Xander. Tell your assistant to come down for a shot.”
“Tell your photographer no,” Jessi shot back.
“She does need to lose double-digit pounds,” Laurencio said.
“Sorry, Ingrid. I’ve got the number to the best weight loss doctor in town.” Toni gave Jessi a triumphant look.
Gerry caught Jessi’s eye. He shook his head. 
What a bitch. Jessi bit back her words. She knew very well she had some physical assets that drew men, even if her body wasn’t ideal like Toni’s. 
“She has a sweet aura,” Xander said. 
“Toni, I think he’s right,” Laurencio said. “She has that very sweet aura. Will make for a great Bella and the Beast photo.”
Play along. Gerry mouthed the words to Jessi then added for her ears only, “I’ll take you to lunch tomorrow, if you do it.”
“Really?” she asked, surprised the handsome man wanted anything to do with her after Xander’s warning. 
“Date?”
“Yeah,” she said, unable to help the smile that crossed her face. “Date.” Her first date in five years was with someone who looked like Gerry. She was unusually pleased by the idea. 
“Give Xander what he wants. Figuratively, not literally. Pretend like you’re an actress, like Toni.” He rolled his eyes.
She choked back another laugh then turned her attention to the photographer. 
“I’d love to do this, Laurencio!” she exclaimed with all the enthusiasm she could. “Xander is my all-time fave. I’m his biggest fan girl!”
Toni looked her over in irritation as Jessi walked towards Laurencio. The photographer was pleased, Xander suspicious. 
“All time fave,” she repeated and batted her eyelashes at him the same way Toni did.
“We’ll have to do some post-photo work,” Laurencio said, looking her over. 
Jessi forced herself to keep smiling. He’d just called her ugly after insisting she participate in this stupid photo shoot. 
“Quite a bit, I’d say,” Toni added. “You may want to focus on a headshot.”
“I got an idea,” Xander said. “Similar to the last shot but a bit more … provocative. I’ve got my fangs.”
Jessi refused to flinch. “Omigod, that would be awesome!” She pretended to fan herself. 
“Oh, we haven’t seen those yet,” Toni said in a honeyed voice. “You’re welcome to bite me, Xander. I’ll warn you that I bite back.”
“I look forward to that,” Xander replied.
Laurencio stepped back and was alternately gazing at Toni and Jessi through a box he made out of his hands.
“You’re both right,” he declared with enough self-importance that Jessi wanted to scream. “She’s got the innocence but not the body. Headshot, close-up of Xander and his fangs.” He motioned to his assistant.
“I can do innocent,” Toni whined.
“Not this kind of innocence,” Laurencio replied. “Those big eyes are the key. You’re a little too ...”
“Whorish,” Jessi supplied with a sweet smile.
Toni stared at her. Xander chuckled. Laurencin’s assistant took Jessi’s arm before she could see how red Toni’s face turned. Disappointed, she turned her attention to Xander, whose half-smile was one of warning, not comfort. 
“On your back,” the assistant said, motioning to the sand.
“Total fan girl moment,” Jessi said.
“What’s the name of my show, fan-girl?” Xander challenged.
Jessi pretended to take her time settling on the sand, struggling to recall what Gerry said the name of Xander’s show was. She lay down. 
“Vampire something,” she said then gave a breezy sigh. “I’m too excited to remember!”
The assistant squatted over her mid-section and fanned out her hair, positioning and repositioning it around her head. 
“Makeup,” he said without glancing up.
Someone tossed him a small kit. He dipped a pinky into it and roughly spread lipstick across her lips then dipped his pinky again to smear something on her cheekbones.
“Eyes closed.”
She obeyed. He swept something over her eyelids. 
“Rub your lips together.”
She did. He took her hands and positioned them over her head. She opened her eyes. He was frowning and glancing back at Laurencio for direction. He positioned her hands on either side of her head.
“Good,” Laurencio said. “To keep this a headshot, Xander will need to be lower than last time.”
“Best day of my life!” she exclaimed. Toni appeared pissed while Gerry was a cross between amused and concerned. 
“We’re about to make your dreams come true.” This came from Xander. He kicked one of her feet with his. “Spread ‘em.”
“Excuse me?” she raised her head.
“No! Don’t move!” the assistant cried. 
She lowered her head. The last pose with Toni was far too …intimate for Jessi’s taste. She hoped they took her picture and left her alone. 
“We’re all professionals here,” Xander said, a smile crossing his face.
“We’re all professionals here,” Laurencio echoed. “Xander, your head needs to be level with hers. We’re doing an extreme close-up, so we don’t have to do too much post-photo work.”
The assistant left, and Xander replaced him. He didn’t hesitate to straddle her hips and rest on his haunches. The nearness of his bare chest and feel of his strong thighs on either side of her made her heart flutter. The smile she plastered across her face was starting to falter. 
“It’s like sex,” Xander added. “You have had sex before, Ms. Tuesday?”
Toni sighed. 
“Don’t call me that!” Jessi flushed, cursing him under her breath. She tried to look towards Gerry and silently beg him to help her.
“Don’t move your upper body,” the assistant ordered.
“You can tell she’s never done a shoot before,” Toni said.
“Spread ‘em, fan-girl,” Xander said again. He shifted forward, gripping her forearms in a way that brought their faces inches apart. Her breath caught, and she hated herself for it. His chest rested against hers, and he nudged her thighs a part with a knee.
Aware he was trying to make her uncomfortable, Jessi refused to meet his gaze as he settled between her legs. The intimacy of the pose made her body hot from the inside out. He was heavy, though most of his weight was on the hips squeezed between her thighs. With him on top of her, she was able to feel just how strong and wide he was. His grip on her forearms was loose but firm. His skin was hot, working its way through her thin dress in a way that did nothing to lessen the warmth racing through her blood.
“Best day of my life,” she said through clenched teeth.
“You’re not fooling anyone,” he told her calmly. 
Play along. It wasn’t working. He knew it. She wasn’t certain she could pretend, with the heat in her blood. She might just melt at his feet like Toni did.
Of course the control freak would choose a pose where he was holding her down with the sheer size of his body, her hands pinned by her head. Agitated by him and the fire he caused, she was also awed by how small and delicate his muscular frame made her feel. She was trying hard to ignore the sensations in her body.
“Hold that pose, Xander,” the man on top of her whispered.
“Hold that pose, Xander,” Laurencio directed.
Jessi looked at him, perplexed as to how Laurencio heard him from the ten feet separating them.
“Wanna see it again?” Xander asked.
“See what?” 
“Break out those fangs, Xander.”
Laurencio repeated the words. 
“So he does what you say,” Jessi said.
“They all do. It’s one of my special talents,” he said. “I can manipulate minds.”
“And you’re a vampire. I get it. You’re messing with me.”
“Watch,” he directed. He lowered his head until his hot breath tickled her ear. She shivered at the sensation of his roughened jaw against her cheek and the heat of his bare chest. “Pretend it hasn’t been five years since you’ve gotten laid, Jessi, and relax.” His whisper was barely audible, even as his lips moved against her ear.
“Hey, pretend it hasn’t been five years since you’ve gotten laid, Jessi, and relax,” Toni taunted. 
“You son of a bitch!” Jessi hissed at Xander. “It’s been four, and now everyone knows it!”
Xander eased away from her, satisfied. “Ready for the fangs?”
“Secrets of a Vampire,” she recalled suddenly. “What total fan girl doesn’t want to be bitten by her idol.”
“Fan request granted.”
The photographer’s assistant yelped suddenly, and she turned her head, needing the distraction from the infuriating wall of pure male lying on top of her. She saw the camera in the sand, one of the tripod legs two feet shorter than the other two. Laurencio rushed towards it, snatching it from his assistant and cradling it to check for sand. Gerry was covering up a laugh while Toni appeared startled.
“This might hurt a little.”
Jessi’s focus returned to Xander. His face six inches away, he was gazing at her with a strange light in his eyes, but it wasn’t the glow that caught her attention.
“Omigod. Those look so real!” she breathed, staring at the four inch fangs. 
Xander was silent for a long moment, holding her gaze. She couldn’t see any signs that the fangs were a prosthetic. They were the same shade of white as the rest of his teeth and seemed a natural extension from his gums. He’d been holding her down when he put them on, puzzling her as to how he did put them on. They were even with the teeth around them, as if his incisors had just …grown. 
Like Jonny’s. 
“It wasn’t an invitation!” she blurted out. “You are not going to bite me. I don’t care what you make Laurencio say.”
“You sure?” His half-smile was back. He squeezed her forearms in reminder she wasn’t able to do anything about it if he did decide to bite her.
“If you ever want another cup of coffee, you won’t do it,” she replied. “Promise me you won’t bite me.”
“Would it bother you if I did?”
Her head dropped back, and she swallowed hard. The moment stretched on as the others worked on the camera and tripod. Jessi felt Xander’s heartbeat against her chest. His breathing synced with hers, until they breathed the same air at the same pace. The heat and size of his body, the erotic pose, his direct gaze … all fed the desire burning within her. 
“It’s not gonna work,” she whispered. “I won’t be Tuesday.”
“I’ve got a week.”
“I’m going to lunch with Gerry tomorrow.”
“He knows his place in this mess,” he mused. “I’ll make you a deal. Be Tuesday, and I won’t bite you.”
“No to both!” she said, hearing her own uneven breathing. “I don’t want to sleep with some sadistic man-whore, and I don’t want rabies.”
“I think they’re called gigolos, and I am gonna bite you.” His decisive whisper was husky.
Her eyes went to the fangs the size of paring knives. A bite with those things would kill her. There was no way he was serious.
“Fine you win. I believe you’re a vampire now. But I’m not sleeping with you,” she relented.
“Wrong answer.”
“We’re set, Xander,” Laurencio sounded relieved. “Nothing wrong with my camera.”
The assistant straightened her hair once more then stepped back. 
“Love the fangs,” Laurencio said. 
“Give her a bite, Xander,” Xander whispered.
“Give her a bite, Xander.”
“I will drop you and your cat off at the humane society!” she said, starting to believe he was serious.
“Just don’t move,” Xander told her. “It won’t hurt. If you do … no guarantees you make it out of this one alive. Your choice.” He lowered his head to the side of her neck away from the camera and nuzzled her neck in a way that made her heart race faster. 
“You won’t bite me,” she said. A small part of her hoped he did or at least, he turned that nuzzling into a hot kiss. 
“Don’t move,” he warned. 
His grip on her forearms tightened, and he pressed them into the sand. It was the second sign he was serious. The third: a pinch in her neck. She jerked at her arms, unable to dislodge them from his grip.
Jessi felt his teeth sink into her neck, confused when there was no pain beyond the initial puncture. She heard the sound of the camera snapping pictures and began to think she’d entered some sort of surreal world. Utterly still, she forced herself to breathe, or she’d pass out. 
“Good!” Laurencio called. “You need to look scared, not ambivalent.”
Another sensation rose up within her fast and hard. Not quite panic, not quite desire. 
Hunger. Need. 
She gasped at the intensity that turned her lower belly into a furnace and swept through her, making her achingly aware of his scent, the heat and smoothness of his skin, the size of his body and the hot mouth pressed against her neck. Her skin grew so sensitive, the scrape of sand and heat of his hands were almost orgasmic. The tension building within her wasn’t something she’d felt in years. Her eyes drifted closed. 
“Scared, not sleepy!”
Laurencio’s voice reminded her they weren’t alone. Jessi fought back whatever spell was trying to engulf her. It swallowed her senses, but she wasn’t about to lose complete control to someone like Xander. On a beach. With a ton of people watching. Whatever he was doing to her, he made her want to beg him to finish.
“Xander, head up. Look at each other as if you’re in love.”
Xander withdrew from her neck, but not before his tongue flickered out to trace the sensitive spot. She shuddered, his spell retreating. He lifted his head and met her gaze. A drop of something warm fell onto her face.
Blood. His fangs were red from blood. Her blood. The realization helped her push back the trance she’d been about to fall into.
“You did bite me!” she said in a breathless voice. “What kind of psycho are you?”
“You’re a smart girl. You can put two and two together,” Xander said. 
The fangs, the eyes, the ability to manipulate the minds of others. It struck her that the red eyes weren’t contacts and the four inch incisors weren’t implants. Her blood was on them. He tried to tell her he was a vampire. She didn’t believe in them, until Jonny. She hadn’t wanted to believe she might be caught at the mercy of not one, but two real-live vampires!
“There you go. You got it,” he said, his look turning cunning. “Vamp got your tongue?”
Jessi’s lips parted, but the words she wanted to say were stuck in her throat.
“Excellent emotion! Perfect!” Laurencio exclaimed. 

Chapter Seven

Xander loved the look on her face. Raw, unguarded, a mix of desire and surprise that caused her cheeks to flush and her body to yield beneath him. Her lips were parted as if for kisses, her eyes large enough, he saw himself reflected in their depths. She appeared sweet and alluring in that vulnerable moment. She’d almost crossed the threshold where she was his; he felt her body start to arch under the sensations. 
Drinking blood was a necessity, and he took his pleasure from it and the bodies of the women in his bed.
Drinking her blood was a different kind of experience. With his teeth in her neck, he’d been granted partial access to her he was otherwise denied. He wasn’t able to hear her thoughts, but he felt what she did. Her emotions were crisp and clear. Yet the idea he had to be inside her to feel her was intoxicating. Erotic. That level of intimacy wasn’t something he ever experienced with others. He heard the thoughts of others but never experienced their emotions, aside from the pain of hurting the innocent.
These emotions were different. They were her, as if he’d been given access to her at the deepest levels. Why did he find the connection appealing? He preferred his solitary life.
He was growing more uneasy, despite the pleasure of her blood. She enticed him in a way he wasn’t expecting and lived through handling the gem at his neck. The key to absolute power had been in her hands, as docile as it was in his. 
It wasn’t a good sign.
Her guardedness returned too soon. Her shapely, feminine body went rigid beneath his. 
“Get off me,” she whispered. 
“When Laurencio says we’re done.”
“We’re done!”
“Good effects with the blood. It’s getting messy. Clean it up?” Laurencio called.
Xander licked his fangs and lips clean, enjoying her taste while she stared at him with far too much emotion for him to determine what she’d do: freak out or melt. Already, he wanted another sip of her, enough to tide him over until he was able to make a meal out of her.
“I quit,” she hissed.
“No, you don’t.” He ducked his head to kiss away the ensnaring blood that dripped onto her cheek. He savored the wayward drops. “You want something from me.”
“Not anymore!”
He’d guessed right. She didn’t have the patience or interest to be a real personal assistant. Gerry was doing a good job of playing along, but Jessi was too outspoken, too unpolished. Unyielding, even with his attempts to breach her mind and influence her. He was manipulating Laurencio and Toni like puppets, but Jessi was beyond him. He was able to count the number of people beyond his ability to manipulate on one hand: the Gods. Even them, he was able to read, if he was willing to expend the effort needed to do so. 
None of them were able to move in stealth mode, like Jessi-the-Natural lying breathless and furious beneath him. She stirred his intense curiosity, like only the unknown could. 
A surrender from someone like this was the kind of challenge he needed. She’d responded to him when his fangs were in her neck, and his power was in direct contact with her, but she still hadn’t broken down into a mewling mess like every other woman did when first he touched them. Jessi wasn’t just prey; she was sentient prey, someone for him to win her mind in addition to overpowering.
She stirred more than his interest. For the first time since landing in the human world, he had the intense urge to track, hunt and bring down something capable of eluding him. He felt need. He never experienced this sensation with women. Desire and hunger, yes, but never the compulsion to be inside a particular woman. It was almost as arresting as her sweet scent and the shocked look on her face that made him want to laugh.
If only the Black God wasn’t using her somehow …
“Excellent!” Laurencio said. “I think we’re done.”
Jessi pulled at her arms again and squirmed beneath him. Xander smiled, enjoying the sensation of her wriggling body beneath him. He held her for a few seconds longer to emphasize that he only let her go because he wanted to. He waited for her flush, then released her and sat up, straddling her again.
“You are such an asshole,” she exclaimed, voice trembling. Her hand went to her neck, where the two punctures were healed. “I can’t believe you bit me!”
Xander laughed. 
“He really bit you?” Gerry asked, nearing.
The Guardian irritated Xander, more so because Jessi had smiled and laughed with him earlier. Gerry knew his place, though his gaze was sharp right now. Xander shook his head at the questioning look the Guardian gave him, the silent inquiry as to whether he tried to turn her.
Jessi pulled her legs out from between Xander’s thighs and stood, refusing to look at him. 
“I’m throwing out all your precious coffee,” she said and marched away.
He watched her, admiring her body. Toni crossed his vision. She was five minutes from throwing herself at his feet. He was hungry after the stimulation of Jessi’s refusal to bend to his will.
No, he was starving. He hadn’t felt this alive since long before the Schism, when a certain Original Human bound his magic. 
Jessi wasn’t about to cave to his appetite, but Toni was almost begging. Xander stood and swept her up into his arms. She melted.
“Jessi, have lunch with Gerry today,” he said without looking up.
Jessi didn’t acknowledge him at all. 
If Xander didn’t feed now, he was going to go on a rampage and slaughter half the apartment building to slake his hunger. While appealing, it would ruin his chances to figure out what Jessi was hiding. Not to mention, Ingrid wouldn’t approve. Xander was enjoying his newfound status too much to sacrifice it now, especially when he had a line of women ready to please him. If Toni wasn’t enough to distract him, all he had to do was walk outside his door for another snack.



Jessi’s hands shook from the fire in her blood. She was about to have a break down. Standing in the kitchen, she snatched a pen from her purse and hastily scribbled a note. She left it on the iPad and paused to reread it.
I quit. Don’t call me. I’m not coming back. Ever.
It was pretty clear. 
“What’re you doing?” Gerry asked, watching her. 
“Quitting!” 
“I can’t believe I’m saying this, but don’t quit out of emotion,” Gerry said. “We’ll go to lunch and talk about it.”
“Talk about what? The fact he bit me?” she demanded. Furious and freaked out, she grabbed her purse and strode out the front door, just as Xander came into sight through the glass doors from the direction of the beach. Toni’s body was all but molded around his midsection.
Jessi grabbed Gerry’s arm and slammed the front door behind them, marching through the hallway in a combination of disgust and envy.
“Lunch and talk?” Gerry prodded.
“Fine. We’ll go to lunch and then I’m going home,” she told Gerry. “You won’t talk me out of quitting.”
“Fair enough. We’ll talk it out.”
She gave him a sidelong look as they waited for the valet. She wasn’t going back. She was serious. Trapped between Jonny and Xander. There was no way in hell she wasn’t packing up the kids and leaving.
Gerry smiled in encouragement. She reached for her purse and dug around for her phone, intent on telling the cousins to pack. She pulled out one phone, the one assigned to her by Ingrid. Hers was …
…sitting on the counter next to the iPad.
“Dammit!” she muttered. “Wait here. I gotta get my phone.”
“Sure.”
Jessi hurried into the apartment building. She was pretty certain Xander would be too occupied with Toni to notice her. Just in case, she waited a full two minutes outside his condo before typing in the code. The last thing she wanted was to see him again. Ever. 
The condo was silent. Cat sat at the top of the stairs, as if waiting for her. Jessi hesitated once more then ascended.
“Quiet, kitty,” she murmured to the small creature. 
An odd thought crossed her mind. She stopped at the top of the stairs and lifted the cat. Its eyes were the same color red as Xander’s. Was it a vampire, too?
“Forget something?”
She jumped and faced him. Xander stood near the railing overlooking the first floor, her phone in his hand. In his other: the sticky note on which she’d written her hasty resignation.
Jessi set the cat down, uncertain if she was scared or furious. She crossed to him cautiously and held out her hand for the phone.
She wanted to run, but her phone was her lifeline. He held it out, and she took a few steps back.
His fangs were out.
“I’m not coming back.”
“I got the point,” he said and crumpled the note. “You’ll be back.”
“No, I won’t. Whatever sick game or alternate reality this is, I’m not playing anymore!” 
“I didn’t hurt you.”
“You bit me. On what planet is that acceptable?”
“I gave you advance warning.”
“Are you for real?” she demanded. “What is wrong with you vampires? You go around biting people and think it’s okay?”
He tilted his head to the side in a signal she now knew was one of interest.
“If you ever come near me again, Xander, I swear I’ll … whatever. Just … I’m quitting!” She turned to leave.
“Vampires. Plural. You’ve run into another one.”
“None of your damn business.”
“It is.” He took her arm.
She whirled and slapped him. He released her.
“Back. Off. Xander,” she ordered. “You even turned your cat into a vampire, didn’t you? Who does that?”
“For future reference, I consider a slap foreplay.”
“Unbelievable! You can’t be decent for two seconds, can you?”
She stormed out, shaking as much from the day as how much she wanted to stay the minute he touched her. Jessi strode to her waiting car and threw herself into the driver’s seat. She took a deep breath to steady her nerves. Psycho or vampire, she was calling Jonny when she got home and telling him there had to be a better way to do this.
“You’re really upset,” Gerry said as he sank into the passenger seat.
She forced a smile. “Just never worked for someone like that before.”
“They’ve all got egos. Some of them don’t know the difference between who they play on TV and who they are in real life,” he said. “It’s just the way this place is.”
“Yeah, well, I’m not going to deal with it.”
His gaze was concerned. She found herself relaxing as they drove away from Xander’s. Gerry was the opposite of the crazy vampire: warm, sunny, smiling, good. She liked that about Gerry while wondering if he was able to make her blood burn as Xander had. She touched her neck absently. How had he not severed an artery or killed her with those four inch incisors?
“I have a feeling she’ll be there all night,” Gerry said with a sigh. “We can go someplace good to eat. There’s an awesome taco shack an hour away.”
“Taco shack?” she said, looking him over critically. He was well-dressed and perfectly presented, not the kind to dine at what she envisioned a taco shack to be. 
He grinned.
Jessi smiled in response. Being with someone who seemed normal helped her relax, though she wasn’t able to forget he had something to do with Xander. 
They drove an hour away, Gerry filling the time with engaging chatter. She couldn’t take her mind off Xander, especially since she began to think he’d taken her disinterest in him as a dare. Her body settled, and she recalled the look on his face with a mix of excitement and dread.
He’d been intrigued. Something told her that the interest of a man … creature like him was not a good thing. Not that it mattered. When she didn’t return, he’d find a new plaything.
Hopefully.
As she calmed, she began to realize a different obstacle to her plan of never seeing Xander again: Jonny. He wasn’t going to take her news well. Jessi thought hard of some way to keep Jonny off her back long enough for her to make a break for it with the kids.
Even this plan began to fizzle when she returned home a few hours later. The goon that bruised her arm was lingering outside her building, along with two more. They nodded to her when she got out of the car but didn’t approach.
Jessi hurried inside, heart pounding, not at ease until all four locks of her apartment door were securely in place. She leaned against the door to her three bedroom apartment. She hadn’t thought it so cramped, but it was, compared to Xander’s spacious, airy condo. Jessi shook her head and went to the tiny kitchen. Music blared from the rooms of both cousins, as it did every afternoon when they were studying before dinner. She didn’t feel ready to face them yet.
She pulled Jonny’s number from the fridge but hesitated, still not certain what to tell him. 
Xander made her uneasy. Jonny scared her. He seemed like a normal teenager, harmless with a name like Jonny. But being anywhere near him was like sticking her hand in a light socket. He radiated a weird sort of energy. 
She fished the cell out of her purse and frowned. It was the one Ingrid left her, not her own. Irritated she was too flustered to leave it, Jessi searched until she found hers. She set the spare on the counter then called Jonny.
“Hey.”
“Hi, Jonny. This is Jessi.”
“Yeah, I know.”
She rolled her eyes. The punk had an attitude. “Listen, there was an …issue today at Xander’s.”
“He figured out why you were there.”
“No, he didn’t.”
There was a pause.
“You still there?” she asked.
“I’ll be right over.” He hung up.
That’s not good. Jessi started towards Brandon’s to tell him to pack or hide.
A knock at her door stopped her. She crossed to it and peered through the peep hole, surprised to see Jonny’s caramel features and black eyes. The teen didn’t appear happy.
She opened the door. Jonny entered, his odd energy crackling around him. It filled the apartment and made the hair on her arms stand on end.
“I hope I didn’t make this sound urgent or anything,” she said. 
“I was in the neighborhood.”
Her gut sank. Was he watching her to make sure she did what he wanted? Her kids were home. How did she quit when he was able to hurt them?
He flung himself down into the oversized chair and lifted his boots onto the ottoman. His piercing gaze made her feel slightly ill. He seemed much older than his nineteen-year-old appearance.
“Um, I know you said Xander is different, but…” she shook her head. “He’s a lot more than that.”
“Hmmm.” 
“Why do I have a feeling you already knew that.”
“You had a job. It doesn’t matter what Xander is,” Jonny replied.
“I know. I, uh, think we need a different approach.”
“Like what?” There was a dangerous note in the teen’s voice.
“Like he never takes off the necklace.”
“Your problem to solve, not mine.”
“Well …” Her eyes went towards the hallway where the kids were. Her heart was pounding fast and hard. “I’m wondering if I couldn’t use a distraction.”
Jessi waited, uncertain why the troubled look on the crazy teen’s face still got to her, even knowing what she did about him. He seemed lost for a second then focused on her once more, the uncertainty fading.
“The idea has merit. Remove him from his comfort zone. It’s something he taught me.” Jonny shook his head. “I can use his lesson against him.”
“Um, right.”
“Find out his schedule tomorrow and tell me what day,” he directed her. “I’ll blow up his condo.”
“My god! Nothing that bad.”
“It’ll destroy his comfort zone.”
“I don’t know … I mean, I’m not sure I can do this.” Not that she’d miss the right angle hell that made her edgy, but blowing up someone’s home?
“Why not?”
“Jonny, he bit me. Like, seriously, bit me,” she said and showed him the two small scars.
Interest crossed the youth’s face. He rose and approached her, followed by the intensity of a storm cloud. She instinctively retreated, but he took her arm to stop her and tilted her chin.
“He did,” he confirmed. “He’s a vampire. It’s what he does. You’re lucky he let you live.”
She stared up at him. 
“Jessi, let me get one thing straight. You and I both know what’s at stake here,” he started. His grip on her arm tightened. There was a strange glow in his gaze, a dangerous one that made her reconsider calling him.
“I know, but…” she trailed off, wincing as he squeezed her harder.
“But nothing. You want me to take it out on your cousins?”
“No.”
“No excuses, Jessi. You do whatever you have to in order to get that necklace,” he said. “You’ll call me tomorrow with his schedule.”
Pain radiated through her. She tried to pull away, but he yanked her back to him. 
“Do you understand?” he asked.
“Yes.”
“Your cousins’ lives are at stake. I shouldn’t be here reminding you,” he said in a sharp voice. “You are the only person who can do this, or I’d kill all three of you now.”
Jessi gasped. Jonny’s eyes were burning with something inhuman. She held her breath, the pain in her arm crippling. 
“You don’t get another warning,” he whispered.
He let her go. 
“Hi, Jonny.” 
They turned in unison towards the speaker.
“Is something wrong?” Ashley asked, her smile fading.
“No,” Jonny said in a softer voice. “We were talking about this weekend.”
“Did you ask her?” Ashley’s face glowed. “Jessi, did he tell you?”
Jonny’s gaze was intense. “About the weekend trip? Yes, I did.”
“Yeah. Sounds fun,” Jessi forced herself to say.
“Jonny is so sweet to offer. He has a huge house in the forest. It’s got like … oh,” Ashley flushed. “I wasn’t supposed to tell you I’d been there before. Sorry, Jonny.”
“It’s okay, Ash. We’ll show her together this weekend.” The youthful vampire smiled in return, appearing to be a normal teen there to visit a friend. 
Jessi almost panicked. Ashley was gazing at him, completely in love with any guy who gave her the time of day.
“Finish your homework, Ashley. I’ll start dinner in a few minutes,” Jessi managed.
Ashley grinned at Jonny and darted down the hallway.
“Sweet girl,” Jonny said.
“Stay away from her,” Jessi snapped.
“Do your job.”
Jonny turned and strode out. 
Jessi watched him go, fear seizing her chest as she realized how dangerous he was. Her arm didn’t just feel bruised; it felt damaged. She flexed her hand and winced at the pain it caused. Her forearm was starting to swell, as if he’d broken or sprained it. The pain was warm. 
Tears forming, Jessi sank into her couch, eyes on the photo of her and the two teens she was supposed to be taking care of. She was a horrible guardian.
“Ashley!” she called. 
Her cousin hurried back, her face falling when she realized Jonny was gone.
“I don’t want you talking to that kid,” Jessi said. 
“Jonny?” Ashley appeared genuinely surprised. “He’s been nice to me. He rescued me the other night.”
“Yeah, well, he’s a wacko.”
“You’re so lame.” Ashley rolled her eyes. 
“Ash, I’m serious.”
“First I have to check in every other hour and now I can’t see Jonny.” Ashley’s face flushed. “You can’t tell me what to do.”
“Like hell I can’t!” Jessi snapped. “I’ll ground your ass for weeks if you don’t listen to me.”
“You’re never home anyway. You have no idea what I do when you’re out.”
Jessi bit her tongue, not wanting to get into a pissing match with her cousin. She drew a deep breath. 
“Look, just do me a favor this week. Don’t see Jonny. We’ll see how it goes with your healing and then talk about it this weekend,” she said.
Ashley hesitated. There were still circles under her eyes and she was paler than normal.
“Okay?” Jessi prodded.
“Whatever.”
It was as close to a yes as she was going to get. Ashley stormed back to her room and slammed the door.
 Jesse leaned against the wall. She had to keep it together. Wiping her face, she forced herself to breathe steadily. Jonny was right. All three of their lives were at stake. It was one stupid necklace. 
Owned by a vampire much larger than this one. If she took it, what would Xander do?
Could she risk finding out? 
Jessi rose. Too much was on the line for her to give up. If Xander hadn’t erased the events calendar, she’d know where he’d be so she could search his house for the necklace.
When you’re ready to talk, let me know.
Why did she have the feeling his deal involved making her Tuesday? There was no way she was sleeping with a man like that. If he threw out every woman he slept with, she’d have to save this option for a last resort, in case he fired her the morning after. If she wasn’t certain she’d be able to take the necklace out the door with her, she was screwed.
At least the offer was on the table, barring any anger he had at her slapping him today.
“I’m not to that point yet,” she told herself. She needed to figure out when he was leaving the house, so she could find the necklace and be done with the vampires.
Jessi crossed to the kitchen to start dinner for her cousins, mind on how she was going to get out of this mess, if she wasn’t able to get the necklace. Her right hand hardly worked. The pain made her nauseous.
More tears formed, but she pushed them away. She had tomorrow to try again. After all, the thought of kicking the annoying woman, Toni, out of Xander’s bed and apartment sounded really appealing.
Chapter Eight

Xander spent the afternoon with Toni and then made the journey he didn’t want to. There were two reasons to go, both of which were Oracles. He appeared in the middle of the White God’s compound and began walking. His senses registered the shocked Guardians that stopped what they were doing to stare at him. 
“You couldn’t call first?” Darian materialized seconds later and fell into step a few feet from him. “Doubt even you’d walk away from the hundreds of Guardians around here. Damian has a warning order out about you. You know, for threatening his wife.”
“She’s expecting me.” Xander had no second thought about the Oracle predicting he’d show up today. He chose to appear far enough away from her that Damian didn’t sic his Guardians on him. The act was out of politeness, because he needed something.
“Figures.” Darian’s presence kept the other Guardians at bay. He led them towards the massive red barn at the center of the buildings.
Xander sensed those within before he set foot into the ultra-modern gym. Darian nodded to the Guardians present, most of which left quickly at Xander’s appearance. They paused beside the ring in the center, where the two at its middle had stopped to stare at him. 
“It’ll take more than a helmet to protect yourself from me,” he said, amused at the sight of the tiny Oracle, Sofi, in padded headgear and gloves. Her long, blonde hair was in a ponytail down her back.
“Back off, Xander,” Dusty, the man in the ring with her, ordered. With chiseled features and cold eyes, he looked every bit the man who had headed up Damian’s assassination corps before the promotion to the leader of all operations in the Western Hemisphere. “You’re supposed to request permission to visit.”
“Or your Oracle could tell you.”
“Oh, now you want something from me, after threatening to take off my head?” Sofi said with faux innocence. 
“If he’s coming to you, and you’re still alive, then he’s not a threat,” Eden said from her vantage point nearby. “This time, at least.”
“I know why he’s here,” Sofi replied coolly. “He ran into something he can’t handle.”
“I can handle it,” Xander responded. “Just not in a way that lets everyone involved live.”
“Dusty, I need to talk to him,” Sofi said, gazing up at the blond man beside her.
“Fuck no.”
“He won’t go away until I do.”
“I don’t give a shit.”
“He can stay,” Xander said. “Not like he can kill me.”
His words made the silence that followed even tenser. He smiled, enjoying it, then climbed through the ropes of the ring. Dusty was bristling. Sofi stepped up beside him, unwilling to back down from the vamp that came to see her.
“Play nice, X,” Darian warned.
Xander said nothing, listening to the thoughts of those around him to ensure his own safety. He held out his hand, palm up, to the Oracle in the typical greeting – and permission for her to check his future. 
“Didn’t I tell you that you’d be back?” she asked in satisfaction.
“Not the time for an I-told-you-so, kiri,” Dusty muttered. 
“With Xander, I’ll take what victories I can.” She placed her hand on his. “One condition, Xander.”
“Whatever.”
Get me out of this ring. I can’t stand physical fighting, she ordered.
Xander nodded and waited, feeling the familiar tingle spread through him. By giving her access to him, he was also gaining access to her. She knew it; one of the few limitations an Oracle had was the inability to see her own future. Last time they met, they traded futures. Xander’s ability was far weaker than hers, but he was able to see certain parts of another’s path when in their minds. 
He learned his lesson about sharing information with Sofi. She’d altered her own future, based on what he showed her. He lost a round with her in the immortal world, when she manipulated him into saving her life and those of her sisters-in-law. She threatened to reveal the secret of his gem to his enemies, a secret recently spilled.
She didn’t do it, though; he was able to tell from her thoughts. 
The silver around her eyes swirled hypnotically for a moment. With a frustrated sigh, she lifted her hand and gazed at him pensively.
I can barely See with you, she said into his mind. Ask your question.
Xander responded. You told me months ago I was in for a surprise that would answer a question I didn’t know needed asking. You said it was a matter of life and death.
Sofi smiled, considered, then asked, “Do you know the question?”
Not exactly. But I think I know the answer.
“Yeah, you do.” Her blue eyes flared, and she stepped closer to him, until they were toe-to-toe. “By the way, I win this round, too.”
“Not yet.”
“Oh, yeah, I did.” She was proud of herself.
“You wanna go?” He held out his arms. “You’re dressed for a beating.”
“Unlike you, I don’t need to resort to violence to win.”
“There are days, bitch …” he growled.
“The feeling is mutual.”
“One of you step back before I lose it.” Dusty’s sharp order made the Oracle jump. She glared at him but obeyed. 
Xander wasn’t pleased at all with the interaction. Sofi indirectly confirmed something he didn’t want to acknowledge: Jessi was in his life for more than one reason. He still didn’t understand the question Sofi wanted him to know, but the fact the woman capable of operating on stealth-mode was the answer did not set well with him.
He retreated from the ring to those waiting around it. Darian shook his head at him without speaking while Eden smiled. Xander didn’t leave, though, not yet. He crossed his arms and watched those in the ring.
Dusty grudgingly faced off against Sofi once more. The Oracle wasn’t intimidated by Xander; she wasn’t about to let him disrupt her day, a thought he heard when they were touching. The two began sparring slowly. Xander watched, reading their movements before they occurred.
“How’s life?” Eden asked, joining Xander. 
“Too interesting.”
“You know, I’m enjoying it here.”
“Why?” Xander glanced at the Original Human, who seemed genuinely pleased. For some reason, the idea Eden was content after so short a time irritated him.
Right uppercut, he said to Sofi. 
“Nice shot, Sofi!” Darian called a moment later. “Almost got him.”
“These Guardians are remarkable. I recall those I met before the Schism. I don’t remember them being as dedicated or genuine or approachable,” Eden said. “There was always a divide before the Schism.”
“Or maybe those Guardians knew you wanted to wipe out their world,” Xander pointed out. “Your second attempt was almost as successful as your first.”
“Possibly. I suppose that didn’t help things at all.” Eden grinned, appearing even younger than Xander remembered.
Fake left, right to the kidney, Xander instructed the Oracle in the ring.
A second later, Sofi gave a cry of victory. She yanked off the gloves and headgear. 
“One hit, I’m out,” she said to Dusty. “Those are the rules.”
“Sofi,” he objected. “You need to learn.”
“I told you, I don’t need to. I’m an Oracle. I can make it so the fight never happens,” she returned. Not giving him a chance to argue, she ducked through the ropes and leapt to the floor. “We’re done, Xander.” She breezed past him towards the entrance.
Realization crossed Dusty’s face. “Fucking Oracles,” he said. 
His part of their deal fulfilled, Xander turned to Eden. 
“I’ll be staying,” Eden said. The sparkle in her gaze made Xander wary.
“Why?”
“I like it here, and I’ve got nowhere else to go. Besides” Eden winked “Sofi and I have a bet about you.”
Two fucking Oracles. Both of them had an interest in Xander’s life, one out of spite and the other out of a sense of shared history. 
“You know where to find me,” Xander said and stepped away. Before any of them were able to remind him to call next time before he dropped in, he was gone.
Back to his condo, where the cat waited for him at the top of the stairs overlooking the front door. Not that he used the front door, but it’s where Cat was always perched when he returned.
It was past sundown, and he was already hungry again. He opened the fridge for a snack and dragged out a selection of meat the size of his arm.
Troubled, Xander didn’t bother taking his snack to the table but wolfed it down over the sink, too troubled to care about the mess he made.



Jessi arrived fifteen minutes early the next day, in case Xander or Ingrid called in a substitute after she quit. She ascended the stairwell, unwilling to beg for her job back and hoping Xander didn’t make her. Assuming he would, she had rehearsed a plea in the car on the way over. The thought of saying it out loud to him made her want to throw things. 
Not that she should do the begging. The damn vampire bit her. If anything, he should apologize in order for her to work for him again. 
To her surprise, he sat on the porch overlooking the beach. The door to his bedroom was open, and there was a note on the iPad that sat within plain view on the kitchen counter nearest the stairs. Jessi waited for him to tell her to leave or worse. She tiptoed to the iPad and peered at the note.
Told you so. Waiting for my coffee. – X
Relief and anger left her silent and speechless. Finally, she released a long, slow breath. At least she wasn’t fired. She’d play his little games – as long as he didn’t bite her – if it meant she had a second chance to get her hands on that necklace.
Jessi glared at the back of his head. He had to hear the coffee maker but didn’t bother to check to see it was her. He already knew, which pissed her off.
She crossed to his room, startled to see a woman in his bed that wasn’t Toni. Had he gone through Toni and this one? 
She muttered curses. She went to the bed and woke the sleeping brunette.
The woman stared at her, eyes glazed. Jessi shook her as the woman faded into sleep again. There were two small scars on her neck. Jessi started to reach for her own before she winced at the pain. Her forearm was still swollen, Jonny’s fingers clearly outlined in black-purple bruises on her skin. 
“Come on. Time to go home,” Jessi said. She didn’t know why these women were so pliant when Xander was done with them. The girl yesterday offered no resistance. They were dazed when they left, smiling, happy, glowing. As if they’d had the best night of their lives.
Jessi was miserable. She took enough pain meds to numb a horse, but her arm still hurt, and her head was woolly from the drugs.
The woman rolled out of bed, unconcerned with being naked in front of a stranger. Jessi turned away and waited for her to dress. When the rustling behind her stopped, she led the woman out of the apartment and locked the door behind her. Jessi peered through the peephole. As with the girl yesterday, this one stood in the middle of the hallway, lost. Finally, she started in one direction.
What did Xander do to these women? Why was she immune to the effect he clearly had on every other woman he ran across? 
Jessi shook her head and went upstairs. The coffee was finished. She poured it into the polished silver pot that reminded her of the fancy pots she’d seen once at an upscale hotel. The tray was too much for her hurt arm, which could support no weight. Frustrated, she took him a mug of steaming coffee. Without waiting for him to acknowledge her, she leaned over him and plopped it down, unconcerned with spilling it, before returning to the kitchen for the pot. 
After three trips, he had everything he needed. He wore only judo pants again this morning, his relaxed body reminding her too much of what it felt like to lie beneath him the day before. The washboard abs were flat, even when he was seated. His thick shoulders were wider than the back of the chair he sat in. She realized she was openly ogling him despite being pissed. She turned to leave.
“You couldn’t use the tray and make one trip?” he asked.
Jessi didn’t want to guess why he sounded pissed by the fact she made three trips instead of one.
“Good morning, Xander,” she replied and stalked into the apartment. “I cleaned out your bedroom.”
“Ingrid didn’t tell you your job is to line up women for me?”
“No.”
“I almost had to settle for a rerun.”
“Rough life, sleeping with the same girl twice,” she said as calmly as she could. “I won’t line up women for you, Xander.”
“Tuesday’s still open.” He was entertained. Her temper was shorter, the result of not sleeping and the pain of her arm.
“How …” Temper, Jessi. She wasn’t going to let him get to her today, not when she needed to find that necklace. “…thoughtful. I’ll make your bed and straighten up.”
He said nothing. More importantly, he didn’t move. Jessi went to his bedroom and made the bed with speed bred from routine then began feeling around the strange darkness for drawers. He wasn’t wearing the necklace, which meant it was somewhere in his room. She went through the nightstands, drawers and closets then ducked out to make sure he was still drinking coffee on the porch. 
The jogging blonde had his attention. Jessi rolled her eyes. 
“Whatever you’re after, it’s not in my room,” he said.
She almost asked how he knew if he didn’t know what she sought but stopped herself. He was messing with her again. He couldn’t possibly know what she sought. Could he?
“You need more coffee?” she asked instead.
“Yep.”
Jessi went to the porch and automatically reached over him with her dominant hand. She caught sight of the marks and swelling and pulled her hand back quickly, but not fast enough. Xander caught her wrist.
She hissed at the pain. He released her.
“Another new one,” he said.
Jessi said nothing and reached across with her left arm to take the coffee. She grunted as she hefted it.
“It’s full.”
“You’re avoiding me.”
“After yesterday, do you have to wonder why?” she asked in disbelief. 
“I let you slap me, didn’t I?” he retorted. “Go get a mug.”
“Xander  …” She sighed. “Fine.”
He was going to play games with her until she confronted him. Jessi went to the kitchen and got herself a mug then returned to the porch and sat down in the chair with its back to the blonde on the beach. She poured herself coffee and doctored it up then sat back.
“Happy?” she challenged, meeting his gaze. Her arm was hurting so bad, she was relieved to sit. She was almost nauseous again. “We’re going to play a new game. This one is called boundaries. As in, when I say the word boundary, you stop whatever it is you’re doing or about to do and leave me alone.”
He smiled. Xander’s muscular body drew her gaze. He’d tamed his dark hair this morning and tied it back, his unwavering, red-hued eyes on her. She sipped her coffee without looking away. His teeth behind the full lips were normal today, which made her think she’d been wrong about the fangs she saw yesterday. If not for the scars on her neck and those of the woman she escorted out this morning …
“What happened to your arm?” he asked.
“Not your concern.”
“If you can’t carry my coffee, it is.”
“It was obviously no obstacle, considering you’ve got your coffee and your bed is empty.”
“Gerry’s the kind who gets his ass kicked by girls, and I know I didn’t do that,” he said, considering her. “Jealous boyfriend?”
“Jealous of what?” She raised an eyebrow. “Of you biting me?”
“Something tells me your sex life is pretty vanilla.”
She flushed. “Boundary.”
“Alright.”
Surprised he backed down, Jessi would’ve relaxed, if her body wasn’t on edge.  
“It wasn’t a boyfriend, jealous or otherwise,” she answered. “We should start another game called, let’s tell my babysitter what I erased from the calendar.”
“Request denied. You already got to make up one new rule.” Xander snorted. He gave her the half-smile that she took as warning he was just getting started. Not about to get caught up in his games, Jessi rose with her coffee and started into the apartment. Xander held out an arm to block her path. 
“What?” she grated.
“Tell me what happened to your arm.”
“It’s none of your damn business!”
“You saying that makes me want to know more.”
“No.”
He reached for her arm. She twisted away, in enough pain as it was. The spark of interest lit in his eyes again. She almost groaned and tried to move away. Xander rose, snatching the flailing coffee mug with one hand while gripping her around the waist with his other. He hauled her against his body, her back pressed to his chest. Desire sharpened her senses, which did her no good with the pain radiating down her arm. His chin rested on her head as he placed the mug on the table. 
“Xander, you really need to learn limits! One day someone is going to sue you for sure!” she objected, pushing at the arm locked around her body with her good hand.
“It won’t be you.”
“You totally don’t know that.”
“You came back. You want something. You won’t risk losing it to sue me,” he said and reached for her injured arm.
“Don’t!” she barked, tensing. 
He ignored her and wrapped his hand around hers. The sight of his thick, roped arm next to hers reminded her of their difference in sizes. Even swollen, her arm was small and feminine compared to his. His pressure was firm enough to keep her still. Trapped against his strong form, she wasn’t certain if she felt gratified that someone so sexy was holding her or terrified to be stuck in the arms of a vampire. She was vulnerable to him and to Jonny. She didn’t like it at all, yet her body was already starting to burn for Xander. 
“Please don’t,” she said, the touch enough to cause tears of pain. “I feel sick.”
“The more you fight, the longer I hold you.”
She stopped straining and rested her head against his chest. Strange tingling ran down her arm. She braced herself, expecting pain when it reached her injury. Instead, the opposite happened. As she watched, the bruises and swelling faded. Pain retreated with it, until her arm felt normal again.
“How…” she started, staring at her arm. “Boundary!”
“A little late.” Xander released her and stepped away so suddenly, she wobbled. He sat down in his chair and propped his legs up with nonchalance, as if he hadn’t performed the impossible and healed her.
Jessi moved her fingers and hands, testing her arm. It was completely fixed. She peered at the areas where there was bruising. Not a trace of the damage Jonny did remained. More vexing than the inexplicable medical miracle was the creature that did it. Nothing about Xander was remotely … nice. He toyed with her since she arrived and unapologetically played the part of the egotistical, chauvinistic pig he was. 
She met his gaze, and they stared at each other quietly for a long moment. 
It wasn’t possible there was a decent side to him. She sensed some deep sadness when he mentioned his mother. Someone accustomed to taking what he wanted didn’t just help someone like her. He should view the temp onboard for a week as disposable, like the women he slept with. 
He lifted his chin towards the beach. Curious, she turned. As if sensing her doubt about how much of a jerk he was, he slapped her hard on the ass once more.
“I cannot believe I fell for that!” she exclaimed, facing him. “Slapping a stranger’s ass is not a compliment, especially when that stranger is a woman. Now, are you going to tell your babysitter what’s on the schedule for today or not?”
“Not.”
The phone in her pocket vibrated. She pulled it free to see Gerry had texted. Xander snatched the phone.
“Good morning, cutie! Had a great time yesterday. Good luck with the asshole. See you tonight.” He read aloud. 
She grabbed the phone back. 
“Bet he couldn’t heal your arm,” Xander said with irritation.
Jessi studied him briefly, sensing his mood darken, as it had yesterday when she mentioned dating Gerry. 
“Now who’s the jealous boyfriend?” She laughed, entertained at her own joke. “That’s it, isn’t it? You want me, because you can’t have me.”
“I can’t have you?” he echoed. 
“We’re going out tonight,” she added. “Me and Gerry. Hope that doesn’t conflict with your schedule.” She pretended to consider. “Oh. Right. There is no schedule. So I’m free to meet Gerry for lunch, too, if I want.”
“Do it, and I fire you.”
She couldn’t help her smile. He really was pissed at her. For the first time since they met, she almost had the upper hand. Jessi debated answering then stalked into the apartment, ignoring him. The tiny victory felt good, almost as good as the knowledge that the sexy beast every woman on the planet drooled over wanted her.
It was a game to him, she knew. If she slept with him, he’d be done with her like he was every other woman. After the past few days, she’d take her tiny victory. Her eyes returned to her cured arm. Xander was beyond mysterious. She was afraid to know more about what exactly he was.
She had the opportunity to search his room again, only it was impossible to find anything with the dark. The moment she stepped foot in his room again, he spoke again. 
“It’s not in there.”
She wanted to scream. How could he know for certain what she sought? Was this another of his games? Did he have some sort of camera installed?
She searched the hallway with her eyes and saw nothing. Of course, she wasn’t able to tell what he had in the bedroom. 
“Laurencio sent me a mock up of the cover pic last night,” Xander called. “I saved it as the background on the iPad. You should check it out.”
She rolled her eyes, uninterested in having such a blatant reminder of Toni’s perfect body. No doubt Xander appreciated the half-nude woman on his iPad, but Jessi didn’t. Determined to swap it out for a picture of a horse or something bland, Jessi poured herself another cup of coffee and snatched the iPad, settling on the couch within view of the porch. She turned on the device and waited, uttering a cry of dismay when she saw the background.
It wasn’t Toni on the cover. It was her. Jessi stared at the picture, a chill working through her. The cover was partially complete, with a few areas marked along one side and the bottom as being reserved for additional stories. The picture itself rendered her speechless.
It was hot. Or would be, if it was someone else pinned beneath the beefy vampire.
“They can’t print this!” she protested finally.
“It’s sexy.”
“It’s horrible!” 
“Laurencio says it’s getting good feedback online.”
“It’s online?” she exclaimed. “I didn’t… how the hell …” She almost threw the iPad. “Don’t they need my permission to do that?”
“You signed a release form.”
“No, I didn’t.”
“Pretty sure you did, April.” He glanced over his shoulder at her. 
Jessi closed her mouth. 
“It goes to print next week,” he added, clearly pleased.
“Can you fix this?” she demanded. She rose and strode to the entrance of the porch. 
“Fix it?” he echoed.
“Tell him not to print it.”
“Yes, but I won’t.”
“You bit me, Xander! I don’t want that moment immortalized, the only thing the world ever knows about me, that some sadistic man-whore with rabies bit me on the beach.”
“I don’t have rabies.” He laughed. Sensing she was only encouraging him not to do what she wanted, she sought some other reason.
“It’s a horrible pic of me,” she added. “I look … like some teenager after she’s been kissed for the first time.”
“You’re the envy of every woman who watches my show.” He reached back to grab the iPad and clicked the picture open. “I posted it on my site after he sent it last night and checked the forums this morning.”
“You posted it on your site? I shouldn’t have come back today.” She rubbed her face. 
“No one knows your name. They’re calling you Girl X.”
“Xander, it’s a humiliating picture!”
“Why?”
“Look at it. It’s way too…” Her gaze lingered on it, and her face felt even hotter. 
“Vulnerable. Intimate. Personal.”
Exactly. She said nothing out loud.
“You’re either lying or not looking closely enough.” He reached back to grip her arm. 
She tried to shake him free unsuccessfully. Xander dropped his feet from the other chair and hauled her in front of him, then yanked her belt to bring her into his lap. Jessi didn’t fight him, suspecting he wanted her to. She sat awkwardly, furious yet turned on at his touch. He wrapped an arm around her shoulders and pulled her against him, until her head was resting on one shoulder. He propped up his feet again, comfortable. She shifted to balance herself better, slinging one leg over his and the other foot on the ground, in case she had the chance to propel herself up.
“You are such an ass,” she muttered. It was hard not to be affected by the strength and heat of his body or the fact she was way too close to him. The arm around her shoulders dropped to drape loosely around her waist. No part of her wanted to move.
“Look.” He held up the iPad in front of them. 
Laurencio had perfectly captured the moment when the prey realized it was being stalked. Their profiles were inches apart, her hands pinned at her head. She hadn’t realized how big his were; they took up the entire space between her wrists and elbows. The expression on her face was raw enough to make her uncomfortable: a mixture of dazed desire and amazement, her lips parted seductively, her eyes wide with realization and fear. There was single drop of blood on her cheek, a flash of red that clearly had been enhanced and shaded the same hue as the necklace dangling in the space between them. They also Photoshopped away the dark circles that had been under her eyes since meeting Jonny in the hospital. 
Xander’s cunning amusement was apparent on his heavy features and in the half-smile punctuated by bloodied fangs. His red gaze was piercing. They were night and day, her pale beauty and raw emotion contrasting with his heavy, masculine features and dark satisfaction.
“It’s a good pic,” she admitted grudgingly. “You’re serious about it being online and on the cover?”
“Oh, yeah.”
Unable to take her gaze from it, she tried not to notice how her body was relaxing against the vampire that sucked her blood the day before. She was comfortable, cradled in his arms. He didn’t scare her the way Jonny did, and she wasn’t certain why, beyond the obvious that he healed her.
“I still hate it,” she said. 
“That’s the moment you realized you were mine,” he said in satisfaction.
“I’m not – nor will I ever be – yours,” she corrected him firmly. 
“That’s not what the pic says.”
“What a nightmare,” she mumbled. “At least the kids will love it.”
“Forgot about those.”
She laughed. “Not so interested in me now, are you, Romeo? They watch your show. They’ll definitely like this pic, though I intend to keep it – and you – away from them.” 
There was a long pause. She waited for him to catapult her out of his lap and fire her after the reminder, happy to have baited him for the second time. 
“Makes sense,” he said.
“What makes sense?”
“Leverage. I knew someone had something on you, or you wouldn’t have showed up this morning,” he reasoned. “I assume whoever it is was the one who broke your arm. Probably when you tried to quit.”
She tensed. “It wasn’t broken.”
“Yeah, it was.”
Just that fast, he’d turned the tables on her once more. Her victory was gone. Xander placed the iPad on the table. Jessi tried to sit up, but he held her in place by wrapping his other arm around her shoulders. 
“Relax. You aren’t going anywhere,” he said. “Should I guess what you’re after?”
“No,” she said then rushed on. “I’m not after anything. Got two kids, need a job. It’s that easy.”
“Someone who can break your arm with one hand isn’t someone you’ll likely disappoint,” he continued.
“Xander, I don’t want to play games with you. Can we stop here, get back on schedule and just forget about the photo shoot?” she asked in what she hoped was a level tone. “It’s like going to the doctor’s office. It’ll be over soon, so let’s just get through this.”
“Perfectly reasonable,” he said.
“Okay, good. Now, let me up.”
“Except that you’re here to take something of mine. I don’t know what, but I’m pretty sure I don’t want you walking off with my shit at the end of the week.”
“You’re assuming the worst of me.”
“I know human nature.”
What did she say? He was right.
“Book signing in an hour,” he said.
“You wrote a book?”
“Ingrid did and put my name on it,” Xander said. 
“You are what’s wrong with society today,” she grumbled. “You contribute nothing, yet the whole world revolves around you.”
“This coming from a would-be thief.”
“At least I’m doing it for a good cause, instead of being motivated to fill my bed with a new lover every night,” she retorted.
“Life is about choice,” he replied. “You always have one. When you think you don’t, you’re overlooking something.” 
She twisted her head to study his strong profile, not expecting the philosophical response. 
“You could always offer to sleep with me in exchange for whatever it is,” he suggested. “I’ll trade almost anything for sex.”
She sighed as he returned to himself. 
“Unbelievable. I can’t believe you’d trade anything for a night of sex,” she heard the considering note in her voice and was embarrassed. 
“Oh, and I get to suck your blood.”
Jessi rose and left the porch. “Rule three. Wherever this book signing is, we should leave soon.”
She thought there was more to him earlier when he healed her and for a moment, she’d made the same mistake while sitting in his lap. Fortunately, he was good at reminding her what kind of …creature he actually was.
She waited for him to go to his room to change before reclaiming the iPad with the goal of deleting that damn picture. It was too revealing. She tried to unlock it twice before realizing he changed the password.
“You are the most infuriating, chauvinistic, ego-maniacal … I bet you can’t even cook!” she muttered.
“Your car or mine?”
He probably heard her mini-rant, but she didn’t care. Jessi faced him and stopped. He was dressed from head to toe in black leather with a spiked collar, heavy boots, and his dark hair down around his shoulders. He wore nothing beneath the black vest. His fangs were out. He dripped sex appeal. She almost asked him if she could have her picture taken with him.
He’d probably refuse, unless she let him bite her. Jessi shook her head.
“What … uh, what kind of car do you have?” she asked.
“Bentley Continental GT.”
Her mouth dropped. “We’re taking your car, and I’m driving.”
“You want to test-drive my car but not me,” he said, eyeing her.
“Absolutely,” she said. “Keys, please.”
She was surprised when Xander tossed them to her. A thrill went through her. She loved a nice car, even if the company wasn’t so great. He led her down into the basement of the gated apartment building, where the wealthy residents of the apartment kept their expensive cars. 
“Oh. My. God,” she breathed as he stopped behind a new, black sports coupe. 
“Hop in.”
She was already opening the car door. The interior was sleek and dark, clashing with the cherry red exterior. Black leather and detailing everywhere. Xander slid into the passenger seat, and Jessi fumbled with the seat controls until she was satisfied. She was so excited, her hands trembled as she placed them on the steering wheel before starting it. She sighed at the low grumble.
“What’s the fascination with cars?” Xander asked. 
“Power, control, agility. My god this is beautiful.”
“Same reason I like women.”
“Don’t ruin this, Xander.”
He chuckled. “Drive.”
She did. She didn’t ask where they were going but took the subtle beast onto the highway and let it loose, weaving in and out of traffic to test its handling. Jessi had never felt more a part of a car as she did this one. The car moved like it was made for her.
“You’ve got a wild streak.”
She glanced at him, wondering if he was upset with her driving. He appeared unconcerned, gaze on the cars she wove between.
“This is incredible. I never want to stop,” she murmured.
“Next exit,” he said. “We can go for a longer drive after the signing.”
“Really? My driving doesn’t scare you?”
He looked at her. “Yeah. I get scared.”
Her adrenaline soared at the thought of taking the vehicle out on Highway 1, the road that hugged the coast. It was filled with curves she’d take at high speed. The car gripped the road so well, she couldn’t imagine how fast that was!
He pointed out a Barnes and Noble, and she was shocked to see the crowd outside the store. A line went around the building to the mall and along one side. She started to ask if they were there for him when she realized they were all women. Some were dressed like vampires. 
“Wow. You really are famous,” she said, surprised. “You want me to drop you off at the front?” 
“If I didn’t think you were going to steal my car, I might.”
“I’m not after your car!” she replied.
“You’ll understand if I don’t trust you out of my sight.” He settled his gaze on her. “Park in back. We’ll go in the employees’ entrance.”
She rolled her eyes and guided the beautiful car around back. They got out, and she lingered, sighing in happiness at the pleasure she was likely never to experience again after this week. She joined him and held out the keys.
“Thank you,” she said with a smile. “It almost made putting up with you worthwhile.”
He handed her the iPad and accepted the keys. “Repayment for the snack on the beach yesterday.”
She refused to let him get to her this time, not after driving the incredible car. The iPad was open, the offending picture front and center. 
“Don’t delete it,” he told her. 
“I really don’t like it.”
“It’s my fucking iPad and my picture.”
The photo really was gorgeous. The look on her face, though, made her feel too vulnerable. Jessi trailed him into the back of the bookstore. The store manager, a middle-aged woman with glasses, looked up at him in awe. Jessi watched the awkward exchange from a small distance away. Xander handled the star-struck woman with amusement she expected and patience she didn’t.
“This is Wednesday,” Xander said, motioning to Jessi.
She stopped her scowl and forced a smile at the manager. 
When they entered the main bookstore, she stopped. The scope of Xander-mania was beyond anything she anticipated. Xander was everywhere, from posters on the wall, stacks of books he’d allegedly written, even a red carpet entrance flanked by adoring female fans and photographers. She knew he was popular enough for her cousins to watch the show, but this was pure madness!
No one paid her any heed. She was quickly cut off from Xander by the adoring masses and forced to push her way through the crowd to follow him. They went to what had been a Nook sales stand in the center of the store and was blocked off for him. The counter was stacked with books, and there was a single chair behind the stand for him to sit and sign.
It took twenty minutes for him to weave his way through the crowd to the autograph table. He sat, and the store employees made an attempt to organize a line for the customers. Jessi wasn’t certain if she should be laughing or horrified by the fawning women. Everyone within a few meters of Xander melted. There were several beautiful women; he’d likely not need her help finding women the rest of the week.
Which irked her for reasons she didn’t want to speculate about. Women looked at her in resentment as she pushed her way through. A store employee planted a hand in her chest when she tried to move into the secured area where Xander was.
“I’m his assistant,” she snapped.
“You and every other desperate woman here,” he replied.
“No, really –“ 
“Back of the line!” a woman barked at her. “I’ve been waiting –“
She rose on her tiptoes to wave at Xander even as another woman shoved her back. For a moment, she thought he was going to let her hang at the mercy of the hungry women waiting to get a piece of him.
He met the gaze of the store employee and lifted his chin. The employee turned to her and waved her through.
“’Bout time,” Jessi mumbled as she took up standing behind Xander. 
“You’re welcome.”
One woman broke down in hysterics. 
“How can you deal with this?” she asked, staring at the horde of women. The store was packed, the line outside extending for a few hundred meters along the mall.
“Easy.” 
She followed his gaze. The first woman up was most certainly a model.
Never mind, she said to herself, watching the woman melt in front of Xander.
As uneasy as he made her, he was good with his fans. Posing provocatively for pictures, signing books, small talk. She didn’t think he was celebrity material before seeing him in action. She began to feel certain there was something beyond the façade of a vampire with a constant hard-on. 
Her phone buzzed. Seeing Ashley’s number, she answered.
“Hey, kid, what’s up?” she asked. 
“I broke up with my boyfriend.”
“Oh, geez. What happened?”
“He said Maria was prettier and asked her out and she said yes. And I was like, but we are going out!”
“That’s so lame,” Jessi said. “I’m sorry, sweetie. Anything I can do?”
“I love him, Jessi.”
“No, you didn’t love him. He was a jerk anyway.”
“You don’t understand!” Ashley wailed.
 Jessi grimaced, uncertain who was more high-maintenance: her seventeen-year-old cousin or the vampire making women swoon.
The one in front of him passed out. A store clerk rushed to help her. Xander glanced back at Jessi. He motioned her forward. She shook her head and turned her back to concentrate on listening to Ashley.
“Listen, sweetie,” she interrupted. “I know you’re upset, and I completely understand. I’m, uh, in the middle of work right now.”
“Nobody cares how I feel!”
“I care. I’m right here.” Jessi sighed. “I’ve been telling you for months he was a jackass. I think this is for the best. You can find a guy who treats you right. I mean, he thought you were overweight, and you’re clearly gorgeous, Ashley. You deserve someone who appreciates you for who you are. Right?”
“Yeah.” Ashley was quiet, sniffling, before she continued. “I guess he always was a little -“
The phone was snatched out of Jessi’s hand. She whirled to see Xander place it to his ear and listen curiously. 
“Give it back!” she mouthed the words and stretched for it. He twisted to keep her from reaching it. “Xander, I barely talked her out of crisis mode!”
“So you dumped him,” Xander asked then listened. “Xander. Jessi is my personal assistant.” Another pause. “Yes, from the exploding soufflé show.” Pause. “He dumped you?”
Jessi covered her mouth, willing him not to say anything stupid to her delicate cousin.
“I disagree,” he said. “Your cousin is considering dating a man she’d have to defend in a dark alley. You don’t want that. You want someone who knows what he wants in a woman, knows how to please her and who appreciates your body. Love isn’t a factor at your age or really at all, if you stop to think about how it’s nothing more than a form of socially acceptable codependence.”
“Xander, stop!” Jessi pushed at him to get to the phone. He wrapped his free arm around her, pulling her to his side and effectively pinning her there. She slumped against his strong frame, trapped.
“We’re at a book signing. I’ll text you the address.” Pause. “Whenever. We’ll be here all day.” Pause. “Alright.” He hung up and texted her quickly, typing with his thumb. “She’ll be down later. Funny how you didn’t tell them you worked for me, knowing they’re fans.”
She grabbed the phone and pulled away, furious at him. 
“Xander, don’t do that!” Jessi said. “My cousin is sensitive. Someone like you would destroy what little self-esteem she does have. You are the epitome of what she shouldn’t be exposed to. Besides, I don’t want you dragging her into this!” 
“Into what?” he asked, raising an eyebrow.
Too late, she realized what she said. Flustered, she didn’t know how to respond. 
He winked and returned to his counter. The woman who fainted had been moved out of the way. 
Jessi texted Ashley not to come, suspecting it was too late. Every woman who ever saw Xander wanted him. An unstable teen girl? There was no way Ashley wasn’t coming down here after school. Unless they were gone by then.
A look at the line made her think she was going to be there all night. 
At least Jonny can’t break my arm again. Frustrated, Jessi sat and stared into space, trying to come up with a plan.
When she ducked out for lunch at noon, the line showed no signs of decreasing in size. She ate a chicken salad in relative peace at the mall’s food court. A text made her phone ding as she finished eating.
Large espresso. Black. 
She tossed her salad and stood in line to get him his coffee then walked across the parking lot to the Barnes and Noble. The clerk guarding the entrance recognized her and let her in, earning her the resentful looks of quite a few women. Jessi retreated behind the counter, placed the coffee in front of him and sat behind him. 
She found herself admiring his body and forced her attention on reading one of the books she’d picked up during a trip to stretch her legs earlier. She read until she started to doze. Her phone buzzed, and she glanced down.
They won’t let me in, Ashley’s text was accompanied by half a dozen frowny faces. Jessi roused herself and checked the time. It was almost five; they’d been at the store for seven hours!
She rose and saw there was no end to the line. 
“Grabbing dinner,” she said to Xander. “More coffee?”
“Yep.” 
“How late do you plan on staying?” she asked.
“I can go all night, darlin’.”
“Boundary.”
He didn’t look up from the book he was signing but smiled.
She grunted and left the booth, pausing to text Gerry to let him know she was still working. She wasn’t going to make their five thirty dinner date.
No worries! His reply was fast. I get how these celebrities are.
Disappointed he wasn’t concerned, Jessi left the bookstore. Slender, dark-haired Ashley was standing outside, waiting. She brightened as Jessi appeared. 
“Let’s grab some food,” Jessi said. 
“I don’t get to meet him?” Ashley asked, disappointed.
“Trust me, he’s an ass,” Jessi said. 
“But he’s so hot.”
“Looks without personality equates to-“
“I know!” Ashley rolled her eyes. “Please, Jessi, can we meet him first? I’ve had the worst day ever!”
“I don’t want you meeting him at all,” Jessi said. “Come on.” She ignored Ashley’s protests and led her cousin away from the bookstore. 
“Why didn’t you tell me you worked for him?” Ashley whined. “You know how much we love that show!”
“It’s a temporary gig,” Jessi said. “He’s a nightmare to work for.”
“But –“
“We’ll have dinner and you’re going home.”
“Jessi!” 
The teen continued to argue as to why she should meet Xander while Jessi neatly countered every argument. She wasn’t about to give Xander any leverage into her life, especially since she was planning on robbing him. The last thing she needed was for him to show up at her doorstep right behind Jonny.
The thought made her chest clench so tight, she almost stopped walking.
“Do you think he’s a real vampire?” Ashley asked as they reached the food court.
“There’s no such thing,” Jessi lied. “He’s insane, by the way.”
Ashley sighed. 
They ate dinner at the busy food court. Jessi stopped to grab Xander’s coffee then walked with Ashley out of the mall an hour after they arrived. It was late fall, and the sun was already going down. They kept to one side of the busy parking lot.
“You seriously won’t let me meet him?” Ashley tried again. 
“Nope.”
“But he said –“
“Jessi.” The low voice made Jessi turn. 
The two thugs a few feet behind them were dressed in dark clothes and muscular. They weren’t normal criminals; this much she was able to tell by their appearances. They were too well-dressed, and their eyes glowed with something unnatural, like Jonny’s and those of the thugs he stationed outside her apartment.
“You have the wrong person,” she said and pushed Ashley towards the road. “Sorry.” She turned and almost ran into the third member.
“No. You’re the right one.”
“Um, okay. I’ll be happy to stay and chat,” Jessi said with a deep breath. “Will you let my friend here leave?” Her instincts were clamoring. She glanced at Ashley, whose eyes were wide.
The three were silent, though the one she faced appeared to be considering. He nodded at last.
“Go to the car, Ashley,” Jessi told her cousin. 
Ashley looked ready to refuse, but Jessi pushed her with a stern glare. Ashley relented, fearful gaze on the three guys as she moved away. Jessi watched her cousin walk away then break into a run as she crossed the street and headed towards the bookstore.
“What’s this about?” she asked, turning her attention to the three. Nervous energy fluttered through her. “Did Jonny send you?”
“He said to remind you that you were supposed to call him about a schedule today.”
“Oh. Damn. Yeah, I forgot,” she said. “I can tell him now.” Shit! She hadn’t figured out anything about Xander’s schedule.
The three drew closer. She shifted, ready to run if she had the chance. 
Their leader eyed a family of five walking across the aisle towards their car. He motioned for her to follow them. Dread sinking into her stomach, Jessi obeyed, the other thugs trailing her. He walked them down the mall a short distance. Her step slowed as she saw their destination: a poorly lit loading area around the corner from the Macy’s. One of them pushed her to keep her from dragging her feet too much. 
Jessi crossed her arms, sensing they wanted more than a date and time from her. No matter what happened to her, at least Ashley was safe. She hoped her cousin had the sense to go straight home. 
The leader stopped and faced her, his buddies closing in behind her. Suddenly, Jessi wondered if she was going to make it home. 

Chapter Nine

“You can just take him the date, right?” she asked uncertainly. “Can this little meeting wait?”
One of the goons behind her grabbed her. She saw a knife in his other hand and tried to pull away. She was pushed into the wall. 
““We’re here to deliver the daily penalty,” the leader said, smiling. “Date first.”
“Thursday night,” she blurted out.
“Okay, good.” He pulled out a knife. “The boss also wanted us to remind you that time is running out.”
“I have until the end of the week!”
“Face or body?” the guy holding her against the wall asked.
The question made her freeze. Maybe Jonny was in the neighborhood last night already, because he was coming to her apartment to break her arm. Bruises to broken bones to being sliced up ... nothing would be left of her at the end of the week.
She tested the grip of the guy who held her pinned to the wall.
“You don’t have to do this,” she whispered. “I forgot. That’s all. I’m sure Jonny understands.”
“We’ll let you off easy. Body,” the leader decided. 
Jessi panicked as the guy holding her whipped out a knife. She kicked him and wrenched away, running. His buddy grabbed her and wrapped one arm around her neck, the cold blade of a knife biting her throat. She went still, heart hammering. 
“After that move …” the leader said. “Face.”
Immobilized, Jessi watched the guy she kicked move closer, knife raised. She opened her mouth to scream, but the goon holding her clapped his hand over it. She squeezed her eyes closed, bracing herself for the fire of a knife ripping into her skin.
It didn’t come. The knife at her neck lifted, and she was flung away from him, pushed into the wall. Her eyes flew open. She whirled and stared. In the passage of a few seconds, all three were rendered motionless on the ground. 
Processing what happened took her adrenaline-fused mind a long moment. Her eyes went from the men to Xander. He’d silently and quickly disabled all three. Not a drop of blood was visible. Did he kill them? How did someone so large move that fast?
She wiped away a few stray tears, hands quivering. Xander’s muscular frame was tense enough that she saw the veins on his biceps. His wariness scared her as much as the thugs had. The light in his eyes was lethal. She suspected he was dangerous, but right now, she felt the danger radiating off him in a similar charged energy to Jonny’s, except that Xander’s had the same effect as adrenaline on her. Her heart raced. His sex appeal was amplified by the dangerous edge; he was on the verge of snapping.
“Jessi!” Ashley exclaimed, darting around the towering vampire. She flung her arms around Jessi. “Are you okay?”
“Yeah,” Jessi managed, hugging her cousin. “Why didn’t you go home?”
“I couldn’t leave you! I got Xander.”
Jessi glimpsed Xander’s eyes as they flared red. She wasn’t certain a vampire was exactly what she needed right now. 
“You hurt?” he asked in a gravelly growl.
“No,” she replied. She continued to avoid his gaze and hugged Ashley tighter, afraid to face the glowering creature. She didn’t know what to say or why the tension between them felt so … charged. 
Ashley pulled away, distracting her. “He’s not an asshole,” she said a little too loudly.
“Oh, yes he is,” Jessi said with a laugh that carried a hysterical edge. 
“You got a driver’s license?” Xander asked Ashley.
“Yeah,” Ashley said in a dreamy voice that made Jessi want to lecture her. She pried away from Jessi, who didn’t want to let her go.
“My car’s behind the bookstore.” He tossed her the keys. “Pick us up.”
Ashley was as enamored as every other woman. She caught the keys and gazed up at him, lost, until he indicated the bookstore with a nod of his head. Jessi almost begged her cousin not to leave her alone with Xander, whose direct gaze hadn’t left her.
Ashley hurried away, and Jessi hugged herself.
“For once, you’re quiet,” Xander said. He was still bristling with stormy energy. He approached, closing the distance between them with a few slow strides.
She looked up at him at last. She backed away, too aware of the heat of his body and the strength it took to do what he’d done to the three thugs. 
Xander stopped and assessed her for a long moment then reached out to her. She shook her head and danced away. 
“This isn’t a game, Jessi.”
She wasn’t certain what he meant: the dangerous edge to him or the fact someone sent three goons after her. When Xander moved closer once more, she braced herself but stayed still. His large hands rested on her upper arms, and she flinched. His touch was gentler than she expected.
He drew her into his body. Her hands were clenched in front of her, just in case she had to shove him and run. Her shaky insides grew warm, her heart racing from fear and his nearness. She found herself leaning into him, soothed by his size and the heat of the skin of his chest against her cheek. She nestled her face between the rough edges of the leather vest. His masculine scent calmed her. Jessi breathed him in deeply. She dropped the hands acting as a barrier between them, wanting to feel the comfort he offered, and rested her hands against his chest. 
Xander stood with her for a long moment, patient as she acclimated to him. She let herself feel the comfort of his strength.
He lifted her chin. “Are you okay?” 
For the first time since meeting him, his voice was soft. Jessi wasn’t certain how to respond. Despite her suspicion there was more to him, she didn’t want to see that part of him that made her feel bad for what she intended to do! He’d saved her tonight from Jonny’s goons. It was bad enough that she alone knew they were there to remind her to screw him over.
She nodded, too torn to trust herself to talk.
Xander’s thumb brushed her lips, sending warm bursts through her. His other arm went around her to hold her against him. He held her gaze while the warmth of his skin seeped into her. She felt a hint of the trance she’d fallen into when he bit her, the coursing of desire and pooling of heat in her lower belly. Her remaining tension eased. The intimate moment almost made her want to cry in frustration. Stuck between two supernatural creatures, she couldn’t help feeling there was no way she’d win this round.
Life is about choice. You always have one. When you think you don’t, you’re overlooking something.
She wished it was the case.
Xander dipped his head. His lips brushed hers. She sensed he was giving her the chance to reject him. She knew she should reject him, and couldn’t help her curiosity. Some tiny part of her wanted to know how good he was that every woman who left his bed didn’t know which way was up. And didn’t she owe him a kiss for saving her, especially since she planned on stealing from him? 
He held her against his hard, thick frame, his gentle kiss a question she didn’t want to answer truthfully. But she had to. She owed him that, if nothing else.
“Xander …” she whispered against his warm lips. “I can’t.”
He lifted his head. Disappointed but knowing she needed to walk away, she resisted the urge to pull his face down to hers for a kiss. Her body was tingling from his tease. 
“I like this,” he replied softly.
“What?”
“You thinking you’re gonna win this game.”
“You are making my life hell.”
“You’re welcome for saving your ass,” he said, the tension easing from his body. “You decide if what you want is worth a night in my bed?”
She flushed and tugged her chin away from his grip. 
“It’s an easy out,” he said. “You get what you want. I get you. We both win.”
“You want any woman breathing,” she pointed out. “Once you have her, you have your personal assistant toss her out the next morning.” The reminder of what he was made her angry and bolstered her resistance. “I’m not disposable, Xander. Do what you want with those girls, but you won’t do it to me.”
The familiar half-smile crossed his features. This time, she had no idea what it meant, until he dipped his head again. 
He captured her mouth with his, giving her no choice. Xander tasted exotic like he smelled: dark, rich and sweet. His full lips were warm, the tongue that flickered into her mouth hot. He teased and nipped, his kiss deep enough to rob her of any resistance yet light enough that she raised onto her tiptoes to taste more of him. He savored and toyed with her simultaneously, daring her to unleash the desire burning through her body.
A honk interrupted the kiss. He pulled away and tossed his head back with a satisfied sigh. Rendered breathless, Jessi wasn’t certain she’d be able to stand on her own, if he walked away too fast. She was hot from the inside out, stunned by the kiss in a way that reminded her of how she barely walked away from his bite. 
“That’s what I like to see on your face,” he said with a wink. 
“You are such a jackass!” She pushed away from him, stumbled and then swatted his hand away as he steadied her. “I am so quitting. For real this time!” She strode towards the car.
“I’m driving.”
She didn’t think she could, not with her senses scrambled. Ashley got out, staring at her quizzically.
“It’s not what it looks like,” Jessi said.
“It’s exactly what it looks like,” Xander countered.
“I quit, remember?” Jessi retorted. “And now I’m suing you for harassment.”
Ashley was trying not to smile. She climbed into the back seat. Jessi settled into the passenger seat, her seatbelt barely on when Xander throttled the car out of the parking lot.
“Are you …dating?” Ashley ventured. 
“Xander doesn’t date,” Jessi replied promptly. “He uses women then discards them. He’s the kind of person you need to run from, if you ever meet anyone like him.”
“We’re not fucking, but we will be soon,” Xander added.
Jessi stared at him. Ashley giggled in half-alarm, half-embarrassment. 
“Check this out.” Xander passed his phone back to Ashley.
Jessi twisted, unable to see the picture.
“Omigod, that’s so hot!” Ashley exclaimed. “Jessi, you look so pretty!”
Xander ignored Jessi’s glare. “It’ll be the front cover of Gents Only next month.”
“Jessi, you’ll be famous!”
If we survive the week. 
Jessi stared out the window. She’d managed to avoid the sense of urgency and pressure Jonny no doubt wanted her to experience. Tonight, however, the two worlds she wanted to keep apart smashed together. Xander’s introduction to her cousin made the reality of her situation starker. What if he took revenge on her for what she planned to do? What if he tried to hurt her sweet cousin, like Jonny promised to do?
What happened tomorrow, if she failed to do what Jonny wanted? The penalty for failure was escalating. What would Jonny do to her, once he found his goons dead? She touched her cheek, beyond baffled by the confrontation. Disturbed, she ignored the chatter between Ashley and Xander as they drove back to his place. He parked under the building. 
Jessi said nothing as they entered the elevator. The silence was tense, but she didn’t care. She was debating if she had the money to take the kids and just leave, flee Jonny and Xander. They emerged onto the ground level. She pulled her keys free from her purse and walked out.
“C’mon, Ashley,” she ordered, avoiding Xander.
Ashley hesitated then softly told the vampire goodnight before trailing.
Jessi wanted to cry. Distressed by her night and overwhelmed by the idea Xander had a softer side, she thought of nothing more than getting home and crawling into bed. Hopefully, she made it before the tears started.



She didn’t want to, but Jessi showed up precisely at eight the next morning. She hadn’t slept well and hoped Xander decided to go out this morning and leave the house to her to search. She let herself in and ascended the stairs.
Shirtless, he was on the porch with his legs propped up, no doubt waiting for his coffee. Her gaze lingered. She’d spent the night tossing and turning, trying to figure out what to do. He breached her comfort zone in a way that left her shaken, scared. 
He saved her life, and she was going to repay him by robbing him blind, because she had no other choice.
She started the coffee then went to his room to escort out whoever he found. His bed was empty. She frowned, seeking signs he’d had someone over. It didn’t look like it. No misplaced clothing, and only the blankets on one side of the bed were turned down. The other side was still made. Maybe he was serious about penciling her in for his Tuesday night entertainment.
The joke was on him, then. 
With a shake of her head, she retreated to the kitchen to prep his coffee and feed the cat. Not wanting to deal with him at all, she took the coffee out to the porch and left, even more irritated to see he wore the necklace she desperately needed to steal. 
Her phone vibrated, and she pulled it from her pocket.
Status? It was Jonny.
She winced, unable to fathom what kind of penalty she’d face tonight. Xander killed Jonny’s three goons and she was still clueless how to get the necklace.
Super close – should have it soon, she lied in response. Tears pricked her eyes, but she forced them back. 
It was day three, and she was no closer to grabbing it. She needed a real plan. Lost in her thoughts, she didn’t notice Xander until he slid the iPad onto the counter she leaned against. She jumped and glanced down, spotting the picture Ashley had printed and posted all over the apartment.
“What’s on the schedule today?” she asked in the charged silence.
“We’ll see.”
“Okay. It’s your career.”
He set his mug on the counter. 
She heard him messing with the coffee maker and turned. His back was to her, the large muscles moving effortlessly as he deftly prepped another pot.
“So you do know how to make coffee,” she said. “Can you cook?”
“Yeah.”
“Like, really cook? Not just microwave stuff?”
“Yeah.”
He started the coffeemaker and faced her, folding his arms across his thick chest. They gazed at each other.
“Rough night?” she asked, raising an eyebrow as the coffeemaker began percolating. 
“Very.”
She eyed him. “You didn’t have a visitor last night.”
“No. I’m starving right now.”
“Why don’t you…” She paused, noticing his fangs were out. “You don’t exactly eat eggs and bacon for breakfast, do you?”
“No.”
“Those women are more than sex.”
“Dinner,” he supplied. “Sex is a bonus.”
She stared at him. “I’m talking to a real vampire.”
His gaze dropped to her neck, hunger flaring in his eyes. She covered her exposed skin with her hands. Amusement crossed his features.
“Boundary,” she said firmly. 
“I pissed you off last night,” he observed.
She pursed her lips without responding. 
“Hard to fuck someone over when there’s a personal connection.”
“You involved my family on purpose?” she asked, anger rising.
“You plan on stealing from me,” he reminded her. “I offered you a way out. You decided not to take it.”
“Sleeping with you is not a way out, and involving my seventeen-year-old cousin will not make me more likely to sleep with you!”
“She came to me, because you were in danger,” he snarled. “You’re welcome for not leaving you to face those three on your own.”
Jessi looked away, beyond confused about what to feel or do. 
“You’re in over your head, Jessi,” he said. 
“You don’t have the capacity to care.”
“Right. I could’ve let them carve you up.”
She winced at his tone. “I appreciate you helping me, Xander, and for being somewhat decent to my cousin. But I don’t want you ever talking to either of them again. I can’t handle it.”
“At least you’re honest about something,” he replied. “There will come a point when you’re going to have a really hard choice to make.”
“Don’t try to be decent now,” she murmured. Her face felt hot, and she refused to look at him. “I can’t handle that, either.”
“You wanna be my breakfast?”
She almost smiled, relieved he listened. “Absolutely not.”
“I’ll let you drive my car again.”
“Tempting but no.”
He chuckled. She rolled her eyes at him. 
“Your cousin says you haven’t dated anyone in four years,” he said. “Long time not to get laid.”
“You did not just go there! Do you really think I’d tell them about my dates?” she retorted. “Xander, I’m serious. Don’t talk to my cousins.”
“Tell me why.”
She bit back her response, aware she was playing into his hands at every turn. She wasn’t sure why she was bothering with the tug-of-war battle with him, except that she hoped she was able to hide what she sought and make it easier for her to get.
He leaned across the kitchen, trapping her between his two arms. His scent and heat washed over her. His face inches away, the expanse of his chest so close …
“Boundary.” She refused to give into the sex appeal that made grown women faint in front of him. 
“You owe me,” he replied in the same tone. “A small snack, as repayment for saving your life last night.”
She grated her teeth at the reminder. He waited for her response. Her heart slammed into her chest, her body warming.
“Fine. Then we’re even,” she said.
“Sure.” He searched her face with fascination. “Not sure why you’re fighting it so hard. You want me, and I’m offering.”
“I’m not going to swoon like every other woman who looks at you,” she said. 
His lips brushed hers again, the light pressure nonetheless making her pulse fly faster.
“I don’t want you to swoon or to fear me,” he said and trailed kisses down her jaw.
“Xander,” she whispered. “No kissing.”
He nipped her hard enough to hurt. She pushed him away in response. He was grinning.
“Just do your thing and leave me alone,” she ordered. She turned her back to him, tugged her hair over one shoulder and crossed her arms.
Xander’s body moved behind hers, resting lightly against her in a way that ratcheted up her pulse. She managed not to start babbling nervously, even when his hands traced down her arms before settling on her hips. He took his time, his hot breath on her neck making her shiver. He paid her last warning no heed and kissed her neck from beneath her ear to her collarbone. 
Jessi’s eyes closed at the sensation of his soft lips, hot mouth and the rough stubble that teased her sensitive skin. She found herself tilting her head to expose her neck. The kisses continued, and his tongue flickered out to taste her skin. Desire was mounting faster this time, as if her body anticipated what his bite would bring.
“If you turn me into a vampire, I swear to God, I’ll kill you,” she said, hating the breathless quality of her voice.
“I’d rather turn you into Wednesday.”
“Not happening.”
He nipped her neck, and she gasped, yearning and fire tearing through her. Guilt and need warred as her senses became saturated with his oak-amber scent, the warmth of his body at her back. He wrapped one arm around her, cradling her against him firmly. 
“Ready?” he whispered. “Don’t move.”
She gripped his roped forearm with both hands, afraid it was going to hurt. 
The pinch came, followed by the strange sensations of energy flying within her. She groaned as hunger and need hit her hard once more, the way it did the last time he bit her. Jessi fought the sensations, not wanting to lose control, especially to him. She’d never experienced yearning like this, so strong it threatened to consume her. Exploring the sensations of her body tentatively, she thought she heard the doorbell in the distance. 
His other hand slid across her abdomen to rest at her stomach. Images of him sliding it south, towards the part of her that ached, filled her mind. 
Suddenly, the sensations stopped. Xander kissed her neck, lapping up the blood with a quick flick of his tongue. He held her for another minute, until her senses returned. Dazed, Jessi’s eyes opened. Her breathing was ragged, her body shaking from the effect of his bite as well as her effort to fight his spell. Did she win? Held against his body, she couldn’t imagine she had, but she was still standing in the kitchen. 
“You won’t last the week,” Xander whispered. He released her and moved away. The loss of his body jarred her back into reality.
Jessi braced herself against the counter, not certain she was able to stand on her own. She risked a glance at him, embarrassed at how much of a wreck she was. Xander’s eyes glowed with hunger, and his fangs were receding in a way not remotely human.
“Thanks,” he said. He strode out of the kitchen, leaving her alone to try to regain her senses.
The most intimate experience of her life, and that’s all he could say? Was this how every woman he slept with felt after a night with him? Stunned, scattered, and so hungry for him, they wanted to beg him to take them to bed?
She was beginning to understand the voicemails he kept getting. 
What did she really expect from a user like him? Anger flared within her. She was such an idiot! How did she fall under his spell again, knowing what he was?
“This is my last day, Xander!” she cried. 
“Whatever.” His casual dismissal infuriated her. He knew the effect he had on her; he did it on purpose to mess with her.
“I’m serious this time.”
“You gonna get the door?”
She realized the doorbell had rung not once but twice. Furious but grateful for the chance to move before she exploded at him, Jessi forced her rubbery legs to cooperate and descended to the front door. She didn’t bother to look out the peephole, too upset to care who stood there. She yanked the door open.
Two tall, muscular men stood there. One was dark-skinned with tattoos all over his body, dark hair and an expression that turned curious as he met her gaze. The other was frowning fiercely. Brown-haired, blue eyes, slightly hunched, angry. 
“Xander’s expecting us,” the dark-skinned man told her. “I’m Jule. This is Charles. We’re … friends, of sorts. You are?”
Something about him eased her tension. Jessi realized she was glaring at them. She shook her head.
“Sorry. I’m Jessi, his personal assistant. For today, at least. I’m quitting,” she added. “Come in.”

Chapter Ten

Xander heard her declaration of it being her last day. Until she got what she wanted, she’d continue to come back. Until he got what he wanted, he’d be sure to string her along.
His first night without a woman was awful. He forgot how bad of a mood not eating or fucking put him in. The sip from Jessi was satisfying but not nearly enough. He waited for the Guardian to arrive, entertained by the idea that Jessi denied him verbally while yielding to him physically.
He was whittling down her resistance. This much he sensed. Dressed in shorts and a snug T-shirt, Jessi shot him a glare as she led his guests in. Her bronze curls were captured in a ponytail, her face flushed from his bite and her gray eyes glittering with anger that made him want to sweep her up and kiss her until the dazed look returned. 
“X,” Jule said as he entered the living area. “You remember Charles.”
Xander looked twice at Charles. “The former vamp,” he said.
Charles bared his teeth in a look of extreme displeasure. Xander watched them both as they sat across from him in the spacious living area. A peek into the former vamp’s mind revealed that two of Damian’s sisters-in-law had managed to turn a full vamp back into a disgruntled Natural. Xander was impressed. 
“Coffee, Jessi.”
“We’re out,” she replied.
“I just made a new pot.”
She said nothing. He had no idea if she’d respond or not; he did it more to irritate her than because he was thirsty.
“Watch,” Xander said. As soon as Jessi crossed outside of three feet, she disappeared from his senses.
Jule jerked visibly. Charles, however, was unaffected.
“Can you sense her?” Xander asked Charles.
“Of course, ikir. She has Watchers’ blood,” was the short reply.
“You’re kidding. How much?” Jule was gazing at the former vamp hard. 
“I do not know how much without tasting her,” Charles said then looked intently at Xander. “Will you turn me back, ikir?”
“Always happy to vamp someone,” Xander replied. “What would a … Watcher taste like?” He sneered as he said the word.
Charles was quiet, pensive. He tapped his head finally, which Xander took as a request to look. He did, experiencing Charles’ memory of tasting the blood of a Watcher. Not as sweet as human blood, the Watcher’s flavor had depth and conveyed more than life.
Xander realized it wasn’t his magic that pulled her emotions from her when he drank. It was her strange magic that carried her feelings through her blood. She was unwittingly sharing herself with him. He smiled to himself. 
She would hate knowing that.
“A quarter maybe,” he said at last. “It can’t be more. She’s got a few of their traits. Her cousin can Travel and has a knack for weapons she’s hiding from Jessi. I haven’t met the boy yet.”
“So we’re looking for a record of a Natural who got knocked up by a Watcher about sixty years ago,” Jule mused. “We can figure it out. It’s a little creepy to have someone like that around.”
“I tagged her phone, shoes, purse and the iPad with tracking,” Xander replied. “Couldn’t sleep in my own home, knowing she was there but not where.”
Jule chuckled. “Any idea why she’s here? It can’t be a coincidence.”
“It’s not. Someone sent her.” Xander shifted forward, aware the Guardian wasn’t expecting an invite this morning. 
“You want me to find her a sponsor and bring her in?”
“Not until I’m done with her.” Xander gave a half-smile. 
Jule studied him. “Saw the bite marks. You plan on vamping her?”
“No. I want to know who sent her and why.”
“You probably know the why,” Jule said, gaze dropping to the necklace at Xander’s throat. “I can’t see any other reason why someone would risk pissing you off.”
Xander didn’t confirm the words, leery of anyone who understood the power of the gem at his neck. Jule was right; he owned nothing else, but the number of people who knew about the gem was limited to the Originals and Sofi. If Jonny planted Jessi, how did he know about the necklace?
Jessi brought in a tray of coffee. She poured three cups and stood back, meeting Xander’s gaze.
“No poison, right?” he asked. 
She considered. “The question you should be asking is whether or not I put in enough for instant death or if I want you to die slowly.”
“What’s the name of my show, fan-girl?”
She flushed, no doubt recalling his first bite. She whirled and marched into the kitchen. 
Xander snorted, eyes on her ass and the swinging pony tail. He reached for his coffee, unconcerned. 
Jule studied him. “I think you’re after more than information.”
“She challenges me.”
“Lucky for her,” Jule said, shaking his head. “I’m not sure that’s a good thing, though knowing what I do of your history...”
Xander eyed him. “You’re remembering.”
“It’s been hard,” Jule said. His gaze darkened, and Xander knew his long-time ally was thinking of their shared history from the time before the Schism that split the mortal and immortal worlds apart. Jule’s memory was wiped out and Xander exiled, until a year ago, when he landed in the human realm.
The Original Immortal had known nearly everything about Xander at one time, one of the only in existence who ever did. 
“Women are safe from you,” Jule said. “Relatively speaking.”
“Unless it involves a certain issue. You remember?”
“Betrayal.” There was a thoughtful silence. “You took care of the Grey God’s issue before the immortal world went up in flames a few months ago.”
“With pleasure.” Xander had no pity for the woman who betrayed the Grey God, Darian, and his brother, the White God. Rushed for time with the immortal world crashing down around him, he hadn’t had much time to toy with her, and he hadn’t been gentle.
“There was someone else …” Jule frowned, struggling to recall.
“You don’t want to remember that one,” Xander said. “Trust me.”
“No. She drowned.” Jule’s gaze sharpened. He bristled. “You were exiled by then. That was after the Schism.”
“Maybe the Watchers aren’t the only ones who fucked with your head.”
The woman I gave up the immortal world for? No way, Xander. Jule said into his mind. 
Does it matter? You’ve got your woman now, Xander replied. 
Jule leaned forward. “You don’t do things without a reason.”
“Then trust that I had one, and it was damned good.” Xander refused to say more, aware there was no benefit in opening old wounds, especially the kind that had driven the five Original beings a part – thereby leaving them vulnerable to the Watchers and Others – before the Schism.
“I don’t know why I trust you,” Jule admitted.
“With some people, the truth is too scary,” Jessi said. “Go with it, or they suck your blood in the middle of a photo shoot and then plaster embarrassing pictures of you on the internet.”
Jule tensed, not sensing her approach. Xander smiled. Jessi’s glare was on him. 
“What kind of pictures?” Charles asked.
“Not the kind you’re interested in.”
Charles was coiled, as if ready to take a bite out of her. Xander cleared his throat, and the former vamp eased back into his chair, obeying the silent command.
Oblivious to her danger, Jessi’s eyes dropped to her phone. She was texting with one hand and reached for the purse on the chair beside Charles with her other.
“You quitting or coming back?”Jule asked.
“She’s quit every day this week,” Xander said.
“I’m going home, after my coffee date with my soon-to-be-boyfriend,” she replied with a pointed look at Xander. 
“The spineless pretty boy who couldn’t defend you against a paper plate?” he asked.
“Exactly. I like my men the same way you like your women: pretty and easy.”
“Yet you haven’t gotten laid in four years.”
“Like rotating a new woman through your bed every night is better!” She flushed and glanced at Jule, who was covering a smile with his hand. 
“You can take my car.” Xander offered, enjoying the repartee. 
That stopped whatever fire she was about to direct his way. Her expression grew interested. 
“Really?” she asked.
Xander stretched to grab the keys on his coffee table and tossed them to her. She caught them and spun away, leaving. When she disappeared down the stairs, Jule laughed quietly.
“She’ll be back,” Xander repeated.
“You sure she should leave, if she’s in danger?” Jule asked.
“The car has GPS tracking, along with the keys. Her date is one of your local Guardians,” Xander replied with bitterness. 
“You aren’t letting that go,” Jule said with a knowing smile. 
“I’ll get what I want by the end of the week. After that, there’s no challenge.”
“Call me when you’re done. We’ll assign her a Guardian to bring her into the organization,” Jule said. “I think Gerry has been filing her reports.”
“Not Gerry,” Xander said, irritated. He was well aware that Guardians usually took the Naturals they were assigned as girlfriends or wives. The idea of Jessi belonging to someone else was unappealing. He didn’t fully understand why, unless it was because he hadn’t tapped her yet. Unable to read her mind, he almost understood what might be more than one night of fun about the woman.
“Change me back,” Charles said. “I can’t take it anymore.”
“Good, I’m hungry,” Xander responded. He waved him over. Charles knelt before him, bowing his head. Xander opened his mouth to make room for his lengthening incisors. He was starving, teased by the snack-sized drink he’d taken from Jessi.
“These Others. Any idea why they’re tracking you?” Jule asked, watching.
Xander gripped Charles’ neck in his massive hand. Despite being over six feet tall, Charles was no more of an obstacle than Jessi’s small body. Xander didn’t feel the need to be gentle with Charles as he was with Jessi and the other girls. 
“None,” Xander answered. “We’ve never been on good terms, since they were trying to influence Jonny before he grew balls and told us all to fuck off. There’s no other history, unless they’re at it again and trying to use Jonny to try to get to me.”
“Any chance they want what Jessi wants?”
“Possible,” Xander allowed. “It’s not like them to hesitate to attack. I could cause some major damage, but I can’t kill them like the Grey God can.”
“Or, the girl has something to do with it.”
Xander didn’t acknowledge Jule’s statement. He knew as much. He and Jessi alone would be able to tolerate the crystal’s magic without being killed.
“You’ve gotta tell her about the Gods and Guardians, whether you decide to keep her or not.”
By Jule’s tone, he suspected Xander wasn’t going to let Jessi go. 
Xander lowered his head, burying his teeth into Charles’ throat. The former vamp jerked and clutched at his hands at the pain but soon went still as Xander bled him close to dry. When he drank his fill, he withdrew, content to be full again. 
“That looked painful. Is he gonna live?” Jule asked.
Charles was limp in his grip. Xander balanced the man between his knees and leaned back. His pinkie nail grew to a sharp point, and he sliced his inner arm near the wrist.
“He’ll be fine,” he said, unconcerned. He placed his bloodied wrist at Charles’ lips. Charles didn’t respond for a long moment then finally began to drink. The only vamp that could change someone without them following the normal rite requiring human sacrifice, Xander had once created an army in months.
Xander didn’t let him drink long, more interested in his own full stomach than Charles’ life. He did the minimum required to keep Charles from dying. The newly turned vamp slumped to the ground, unconscious.
“He’ll be out of it for awhile,” Xander said. 
“I hope you’re gentler with your women than you are your vamps,” Jule said, gaze on Charles.
Xander shrugged. He knew when and where to use his strength. Charles was disposable to him. Jessi was not.
“So … do you want to tell her or shall I?” Jule asked. 
“She doesn’t need to know,” Xander said.
“She does. Whether you turn her over to us or keep her, she’s gonna find out.”
Xander knew this, but he didn’t want Jessi in his world. He didn’t like emotional attachments to anything; it was hard to leave when one was stuck. He hadn’t been stuck since he was a child, and he had no intention of giving up his freedom. 
Turning her over to Jule was the easiest solution, but he didn’t feel done with her yet. He still felt the need and his intrigue with being inside her as the only means to access her mind. When she finally caved and slept with him – which she would – he would send her packing with Jule the next morning.
“At the end of the week,” he said. “I’ll turn her over.”
“I’ll let Damian know we’ve got a new breed of Natural,” Jule said. “Mind if I stick around until either Charles wakes up or she comes back?”
“Suit yourself.” Xander considered Jule. “I’ve got weapons.”
“Let’s go.”



Jessi glanced over her shoulder at Gerry as she started up the stairs. His hands were full with groceries from the list Ingrid texted her. She expected to see Xander on the porch or somewhere in the living area. He wasn’t there, though the man whose name she thought was Charlie was sleeping on the couch.
“You’re sure about this?” Gerry asked, trailing her into the condo. “He’s not the kind of person I want to piss off.”
“I’m not entirely certain, but I think if I ask him, he’ll do it,” she said. “You really want to be on his show?”
“Hello. Didn’t I tell you my goal?”
“I know. Become the next A-lister.”
“Right now, Xander is the king of the up-and-coming. Seems like he could use a sidekick.”
“I think he’s more likely to eat a sidekick.”
Gerry laughed. He placed the bags on the counter. His gaze caught on something out the window, and it sharpened.
“What’s up?” she asked.
“Nothing. You got this?”
“What?” 
He wasn’t listening. He was headed towards the stairs. Jessi watched him.
“Men and groceries,” she muttered.  
The men around here were just … off. She’d been having a decent time with the blond hottie. He even went with her to the pet store for more kibbles after their coffee date. 
She unpacked the groceries on her own and put everything away before looking out at Charlie. The man was alive, that much she was able to see. But he was beyond out. Her rustling around the kitchen – including dropping a can of chicken – didn’t wake him.
Movement on the beach caught her attention, and she stared. Gerry didn’t leave. He joined a small crowd of people gathered around the unmistakable body of Xander and his friend, Jule. They were fighting with bo staffs on the beach while a bevy of women in bikinis or tight clothing watched. Gerry was one of two men in the midst of the women.
Jessi watched Xander move for a moment, unable to shake the sense there was more to him than she was able to understand. He and his friend fought hard, with the intensity of men who fought for a purpose other than exercise. The odd sense made her uncomfortable. 
She went down to the beach. Curious but unwilling to join the masses fawning over them, she kept her distance and simply watched. Xander moved with an agility she’d never seen before in someone half his size. Instinctive, powerful, and light-footed, he twirled the bo as if it was an extension of him, adapting to his opponent and absorbing any blows that fell to him without flinching.
Muscles bunched and released beneath his smooth skin, the chiseled body even more defined from the effort of battle. He wore jeans that hung around ripped hips and hugged flexing thighs, the sight of which made her fan herself as she almost let herself imagine them wrapped around her. The idea of his naked body on top of her, beneath her, any way he wanted her … She’d even let him hold her down, as much as she hated his dominant personality. 
The ocean breeze did nothing to cool her off. 
The two stopped fighting, and the women broke into cheers. It was useless for her to fantasize about Xander, not when a couple dozen women who belonged on the covers of magazines were gathered around. He didn’t take anyone to bed last night, but he’d have no trouble tonight.
Hating how insecure the women made her feel, she crossed her arms self-consciously. She never felt ugly or frumpy or overweight before coming here. She was comfortable with her body, until she strolled onto a beach covered in cheerleaders. 
Xander caught her eye over the crowd. Assuming he was making sure she didn’t steal his car, she made a face at him. A faint smile crossed his features, before he returned his attention to his sparring partner. Jessi moved up the beach far enough she was able to sit and watch. Jule glanced her way. The two exchanged some short communication before Jule tossed the bo to none other than Gerry. Jessi watched Gerry strip off his shirt to reveal a lean, athletic frame and faced Xander. 
Jule wound his way through the crowd, smiling politely at the women who placed manicured hands on his arm to stop him. He made it and gave her a rueful smile before dropping down beside her. He was breathing hard.
Jessi looked from him to Gerry. The blond moved with the same purpose and skill, leaving her confused. It was like they were trained the same way or something.
“You’re figuring things out, I take it?”
Jule’s focus was on her. She returned her gaze to him.
“I’m quitting today. I came back to return his keys,” she said. 
“You just decided to sit on the beach and watch the man you can’t stand.”
“Actually, I’m Gerry’s ride.”
“You have no interest in Xander.” 
“Nope. He’s an asshole.”
Jule chuckled, his dark eyes warm. “I see. Do you want to know our secret?”
She eyed him.
“Gerry and I are also …different. We’re not vamps, like Xander. We’re the Guardians charged with standing between vamps like Xander and humans he preys on,” Jule started.
“You’re doing a horrible job. He sucks the blood of a new girl every night.”
“We have an agreement. As long as he doesn’t kill or turn them into vampires, we leave him alone. A man’s gotta eat.”
She stared at him, horrified.
“Pardon the dark humor.” Jule laughed. “Xander and I are quasi-friends. Gerry’s been keeping an eye on you to make sure Xander doesn’t cross any lines.”
“All Xander does is cross lines,” she said, perplexed. “But you’re saying Gerry is here because you ordered him to be here?”
“Something like that.”
“I knew it!” she sighed. “It’s not possible for someone who looks like Gerry to be interested in me.”
“Xander warned him off. But, if you like Gerry, I can arrange something. Someone like you is going to end up in our private society anyway. It’s just how it goes.”
“Xander is interested in women for one reason,” she said firmly. “I don’t want to be used by him or Gerry.” She tilted her head. “What do you mean someone like me?”
Jule smiled. “Some humans are born with unique, supernatural talents. We call you Naturals. Your skill appears to be that your mind can’t be manipulated, and you are … undetectable to our heightened senses. Really useful, given that Xander is a master at messing with people’s minds.”
She raised an eyebrow in disbelief. So that was why Jonny chose her! 
“Some Naturals have different gifts. My wife is like a battery. She can absorb and channel the gifts of others. My sister-in-law is a Healer. Charles up there is a Tracker. The gifts are almost like enhanced senses.”
Jessi listened. Jule spoke calmly and factually, his explanations making some strange sense, after her interactions with Jonny and meeting a real vampire. She liked the idea of being special, especially with the hoard of beautiful women in front of her whose perfect bodies left her feeling plain.
“I can see that about Xander,” she said. “He definitely likes toying with people. Can he mess with you?”
“He can, though I’m aware of it. We’re what I’d call mandatory friends. We have a shared history and a truce that keeps us from fucking the other over.”
“He doesn’t seem like the kind who has friends.”
“Xander is complicated. He doesn’t necessarily want to be understood.”
“Or to relate to anyone. He didn’t even name his cat. Losing his family at such an early age, I understand why,” she said, thoughts on her cousins. “Still, sometimes he’s decent enough that I think there’s more to him.”
“There is a great deal to him,” Jule confirmed. “I’m surprised you know about his family.”
She glanced at him, uneasy with the idea she knew something private about Xander. It made her feel quasi-guilty again. Jule’s look was too intense. She cleared her throat.
“It makes me happy that I might frustrate him as much as he does me,” she said. Her resistance to his charisma made more sense with Jule’s explanation.
“You do,” Jule assured her. “He loves the challenge. If you don’t plan on sticking around long, you’re going to find yourself in a bind.”
Fear filtered through her. Some part of her knew this. She didn’t know what to do about it.
“So people like me … with these weird gifts … what happens to us?” she asked, needing to change the subject.
“Normally, I’d assign you a Guardian like Gerry, and we’d pull you into our organization, where you can meet others like you. Your kind are targets for bad guys. The same skill you have that we would help you learn to use is also of interest to those we are trying to protect humans from.”
“The bad guys are vampires?”
“Yes. Xander could turn you into a vamp and you would then serve Jonny, who controls the vamps.”
“Jonny,” she said, tensing. 
Jule searched her face. “Jonny, the Black God and polar opposite of my brother, Damian, the White God. Damian controls the Guardians and Jonny the vamps.”
“Jonny controls Xander?” she asked.
“No. There are five of us who are pretty much … untouchable. I am one, and Xander is another. Xander is the Original Vampire, the only one born as a vampire and not made into one. He’s the only one who can create a vampire just by a blood exchange, instead of the normal rite new vamps go through. He started the vampire race tens of thousands of years ago.”
“So he’s stronger than … wait, what? Did you say thousands?” she asked, frowning.
“Tens of thousands.”
“Up until then, you had me. Now I’m pretty sure this is all a huge joke. Please tell me it is!”
“It’s not,” Jule said. “Xander can protect you from Jonny. They are close to being equal, with the exception that Jonny is a teenager and can’t control his power yet. Xander can outsmart and overpower him, if he feels like it. Whatever your beef is with Jonny, you want Xander on your side.”
“I don’t need …I have no…” she stopped. Until he called Jonny a teen, she’d been able to pretend it might be two different Jonnys. 
Jule was clearly disbelieving. 
Jessi looked away, gaze settling on Xander once more. The way he moved, his healing power, the effect he had on others, his fascination with people, the fangs and eyes … 
There was nothing normal about him. Was he a ten thousand year old vampire? It definitely wasn’t something she was able to dismiss. Satisfaction bloomed within her at the thought that she had to be one of the few people he’d ever met over the thousands of years that was immune to the strange mind games he played with others.
She realized his interest in her wasn’t likely to be passing, not if she snared his curiosity. Gerry and Jule both warned her about drawing his attention. A creature that bored with life was going to corner and sink his fangs into anything that challenged him. She wasn’t able to risk that. If what Jule said was true, she was already in trouble. 
“I really do have to quit,” she whispered. 
“Whatever the issue is, we’re the people who can help.”
“No, you can’t,” she replied, mind on her cousins.
“Jonny isn’t someone to fuck with, sweetheart,” he said gently. “He’s the leader of the vamps for a reason.”
It explained the storm-cloud energy and how he’d broken her forearm with no effort. That someone who fought like Jule thought Jonny dangerous wasn’t good. Xander was wearing the necklace, or she’d retreat to the apartment and ransack it on her way out.
“Anything you want to tell me?” Jule asked. “We can pull you into the organization now, if you’re in danger. Xander said no, but – “
“What do you mean he said no?” she asked. “He doesn’t want me to talk to you?”
“No,” Jule’s eyes were twinkling. “He intends to take care of you himself.”
“Xander doesn’t take care of women.”
“He does one that interests him.”
She frowned. 
“That’s worse, isn’t it?” he said, studying her. “A word to the wise, don’t betray someone like Xander.”
“Why?” Coldness streaked through her. 
“Let’s just say betrayal is his pressure point,” Jule said. “You’re safer trusting him than anyone else.”
“I can’t.”
“There’s nothing Jonny can do to you that Xander can’t help.”
“It’s not my life that concerns me,” she said. 
“That’s rough,” Jule said softly. “You know you need help, don’t you?”
“I can handle this. It’s easy. I just have to do what he wants, and it’s over.” Her words didn’t sound convincing even to her own ears.
“Jonny won’t let you go that easy, especially if he suspects Xander is interested in you. They have history, and not a good one.”
“He won’t know, because Xander isn’t!” 
“That pic all over the web says differently.”
She groaned.
“That pic is incredible. It says a lot about both of you. Jonny won’t miss that.”
“It says a lot about me, not him.”
Jule pulled out his phone. A couple minutes later, he handed it to her. 
“You have it saved,” she said, glaring at him.
“Look closely.”
She took it, hating the vulnerable expression on her face. Jule had zoomed it in on Xander, the look of predatory cunning – and her blood on his incisors – irritating her as much as it turned her on. She studied the picture more closely. The skin around Xander’s eye was softened in something other than amusement, the light in his eyes a combination of hunger – and warmth. He’d been messing with her, but he’d also been genuinely interested. 
“That’s not good,” she whispered. 
“Not for you, it isn’t,” Jule agreed and reclaimed the phone. “I’m not certain he realizes it yet or is willing to admit to it. But you caught his attention in a way that I don’t envy. Tough choice to make.”
She needed the necklace. Today. The sooner she got out of this situation, the better. She didn’t know how much time she had before Xander’s interest became too hard to shake. The idea he’d slept alone last night made her wonder. 
“You know what his necklace symbolizes?”
She sucked in a sharp breath, wondering if Jule really was able to read her mind after telling her he couldn’t.
“The oldest immortals have them. Long ago, they were handed down from fathers to the eldest son of a House. Xander’s is older than he is. Mine is just as old.”
She looked at his bare chest. “I don’t see one.”
“My wife has it. Before it’s passed to the eldest son, it goes to the wife an immortal chooses.”
“Like marking his territory.”
“Like offering up the most treasured possession that’s survived time with him,” he corrected with a smile. “You can’t take much with you over the course of tens of thousands of years. It’s a piece of family history as well as a legacy.”
“That’s actually really nice,” she said. 
“It becomes your only possession. We pass it on like an engagement ring.”
Was he trying to make her guiltier? A necklace – no matter how important to Xander – didn’t rate the lives of her cousins. She wasn’t going to feel bad about a piece of jewelry. She’d feel bad about … Xander. Maybe.
She felt ill after all Jule told her. It seemed too possible not to be real, especially with what she already knew about Xander. 
“I’m going to get something to drink,” she said, standing. 
“You still quitting?”
“Hell, yeah.”
“You’ll have another choice. If you walk away from Xander, we take you in. Fair warning.” His tone was understanding, up until that point. 
She said nothing, too uneasy to understand what she thought. She returned to the apartment. Charlie was still sleeping on the couch. 
Jessi straightened up the kitchen then went to Xander’s bedroom. She made his bed and stepped back, a thrill working through her at the thought of spending the night with him. If he didn’t take off his necklace before the end of the day, she might just have to …
The thought made her panicky and eager. She backed out of the sensual room and returned to the living area. Unable to help her curiosity, she stepped onto the porch and leaned against the railing, watching the three men swap in and out to spar. The gaggle of women grew, and she glanced at her phone, surprised at the stamina the three had to keep going for hours. She found herself smiling as her eyes followed Xander. 
Part of her hoped he was too tired to do anything, that he took a nap instead and she was able to free the necklace. 
Then again, when would she ever get a chance to spend a night with someone who looked like him? A celebrity, in addition. 
Would it be enough to stymie his apparent interest and drive him away? He’d realize she was like every other woman and leave her alone. After all, he’d shown no real interest in her, aside from sleeping with her. He’d outright asked her to. What if she did? Would that satisfy his interest in her?
He didn’t do reruns, she reminded herself. Chances were high that he’d sleep with her and discard her. Maybe that’s what bothered her most. She didn’t do one-night stands. He specialized in them. What if he wouldn’t exchange his precious necklace for a one-night stand? Worse, what if he discarded her before she was able to get the gem?
No. There had to be a way to grab it without sleeping with him. Or at least, she needed a plan, if she was going to sleep with him, grab the necklace and run.
Her phone buzzed. She pulled it free of her pocket, expecting to see a text from Ashley.
Friday noon. Meet me with the necklace, or sweet Ashley doesn’t make it back from school.
Fear flew through her. Jessi texted Ashley and Brandon to contact her right away then retreated into the apartment and paced.
She really didn’t have a choice. No matter what it took, she had to get the necklace. 
The men didn’t spar long after she left the porch. Jessi retreated to the kitchen when they entered, glancing at her phone every few minutes. Xander went straight to his room. She watched Jule nudge Charlie. It took a few hard shakes for the man to awaken. Sweating and hot, Jule and Gerry didn’t bother to get dressed.
“Coffee tomorrow?” Gerry asked her, entering the kitchen.
She gave him a harried look.
“That’s a no,” Jule said with a laugh. “She might need time to digest things.”
“Ah, you told her.” Gerry’s wide smile turned warm. “If you need anything, you know how to contact me.” Just like that, any pretension of him being interested in her was gone.
“Right.” 
“Offer’s always open,” he said and held up his hands. “If Xander gets rough, let me know.”
“Him I can handle,” she replied. 
“I almost believe you,” Jule said. “Seriously. Any issues, call Gerry, okay?”
She nodded. They were nice enough guys, considering they were just as insane as Xander. They left her in the kitchen. She stared at the wall across from her, angry and frustrated. 

Chapter Eleven

Xander sensed her mood the moment he set foot out of his wing of the condo. Barefooted and clean, he was relaxed for the first time in a week. Jessi was rubbing her face, distraught.
He didn’t ask. She wasn’t going to talk. Instead, he went to the kitchen and made a pot of coffee.
“Late for coffee, isn’t it?” she asked then sighed. “Sorry. You’re not a teenager.”
“I like staying up all night,” he said with a wink. 
She shook her head at him. 
“Dinner party in two hours.”
Jessi’s eyes went to the clock on the microwave. It was four thirty, and she was slated to leave at five. He judged she was ready to tell him he was on his own.
“You get paid overtime,” he said. 
“Alright.”
“Not sure why you want to go home anyway. Broken arms, thugs. You’re lucky you know a vampire who trades blood for keeping you alive.”
“On second thought, you couldn’t pay me enough to hang out with you.” She breezed past him.
Xander caught her with one arm, enjoying the game of cat-and-mouse she was unwittingly playing. It was better than hunting in a club.
“Boundary!” she objected, squirming. He liked the feel of her soft skin and shapely body in his arms.
He grunted. “Only if you agree to stay for the dinner party.”
Jessi groaned, her head resting against his chest in what he took as reluctant agreement. He released her and swatted her ass, amused at the fiery look she gave him. She left the kitchen to put the counter between them.
“So where are we going?” she asked.
“Nowhere. They’re coming here.”
“Are you cooking?” She cleared her throat, trying hard not to laugh. Xander understood; it was the same reaction Ingrid gave him whenever he claimed he could cook. 
“It’s catered.”
As if on cue, the doorbell rang. Jessi studied him for a brief moment. Suddenly, she smiled and grabbed her cell phone. 
“Okay, I’ll hang out,” she said.
Her abrupt contentedness was a warning he didn’t understand how to interpret. She went to get the door, and he heard her talking to someone.
“Where do you want them to set up?” she called up the stairs.
“Formal dining room.”
Xander reached for his phone, satisfied to see a text from Jule.
Took care of goons. Gerry’s guys at her place.
At least no one would break her arm this night. Xander felt something he didn’t like: anger. It was directed as much at Jessi as at the Black God for sending someone innocent to do his dirty work. She was a fool, too, for thinking she could handle the situation on her own. 
She didn’t return to the second floor. People began arriving an hour after the caterers. Xander remained upstairs, letting her handle the set-up in relative peace. The scent of human food made his nose wrinkle. He was able to tolerate it for the hour a day during the season when they shot his show. Otherwise, he avoided everything but raw meat. If he had his way, cooking meat would have been a crime.
Xander opened the door to the balcony. The sun had set, and dusk settled over the ocean. He placed his hands on the railing and gazed into the distance, pensive. The mess with Jessi was bothering him, just like the stealthy Others tracking him. If anyone was going to be passive-aggressive, it was him. For once, the tables had turned. 
He heard a familiar voice from below and frowned.
Toni wasn’t on the list of invitees. Neither was the woman who was from last Friday, or the Tuesday before.
“You ready?” Jessi’s cheerful voice preceded her entrance into the three foot sphere where he was able to sense her.
“C’mere, Jessi,” he growled, suspecting he knew how the one-night stands got invited to dinner.
She stepped out of the sphere.
“I don’t want to keep you from your guests,” she said in an overly sweet voice.
“I am hungry.”
“You’re in luck. I had your dinner delivered.”
He rested his elbows on the railing and leaned over to see the small crowd spilling out of the doors onto the beach.
“Which one?” he asked casually.
“Which one what?”
“For dinner. Blonde? Brunette? Is that last Thursday I see?”
“I can’t believe you don’t know their names,” she said in clear disapproval. 
“Pick one.”
There was a moment of hesitation before she approached. She rested her elbows on the railing next to him, gray eyes on the women. From the corner of his eye, he saw her frown. 
“Does hair color mean they taste different?” she asked.
“There are slight flavor variances from person-to-person,” he explained. “Right now, I feel like a brunette with gray eyes.”
She leaned over the railing. “I don’t see a …”
Her eyes flew up to his. Xander smiled slowly. 
“No!” she ordered.
Straightening, he blocked her attempt to flee from the porch and backed her into the corner.
“Xander, boundary!” she hissed at him, a cross between panic and desire on her face. With her feminine frame trapped between him and the railing, she was glaring up at him. 
“Who invited Toni?” he returned. He tucked an errant curl behind her ear, enjoying the brush of her soft skin. Her breathing was already quick, and he could almost see her trying to think of some way out of the mess. 
“Slight oversight,” she managed at last. “Won’t happen again.”
“Not good enough.”
Jessi planted her hands on his chest and tried to push him. He didn’t move and she sighed. Her hands remained in place while his moved to her hips.
“You get a choice,” he said calmly. “Kiss or dinner?”
“Can I promise to be good?” she asked, leaning into him and fluttering her eyelashes. 
“No.” He cupped her face in his hands. “Decide.”
She licked her lips, eyes on his mouth. 
“Kiss?” he asked.
Jessi nodded uncertainly. Xander didn’t give her a chance to reconsider. He lifted her face to his and kissed her. Her warm lips parted when he prodded. She tasted sweet, as if she’d snagged a bite of dessert from the caterers before coming up to gloat. He kept the pace slow, despite his hunger, and deepened the kiss. She wavered on her feet and leaned into him, the tension melting from her as it did when he drew her blood earlier.
Xander wasn’t at all satisfied with merely kissing her. His hands traveled her body in a restless attempt to soothe the need for the intimacy of the connection he felt when his fangs were in her neck. Sex with her would be beyond erotic, for he had to be inside her in order to feel her. He’d fuck her until one of them was too tired to move, just to access the side of her he was unable to otherwise. The longer they kissed, the more he wanted to experience what he did earlier. 
She was so close to the edge. Her arousal was another turn on.
With effort, he lifted his head. 
Jessi’s body was supple and relaxed in his arms, her gray eyes wide and her features flushed. He listened to her erratic breathing, beyond satisfied at the effect he had on her. She tried hard to pretend she didn’t feel the sexual tension between them.
“I’m … going home,” she whispered when she caught her breath. 
Xander said nothing, amused at how hard she fought her attraction to him. 
She shifted against him, easing around him. Her first shaky step almost sent her sprawling, and he caught her arm quickly. 
“If you need to lie down for a bit …” he offered.
“Not going to be your Wednesday!” she said. She pushed him away and walked into the house.
Xander watched her. Jessi refused to look at him as she grabbed her purse and left. His attention turned to the crowd below the balcony. The woman had a way of putting him off guard. Inviting potential reruns into the house left him irked. 
His phone vibrated against his hip. He pulled it free.
Training op. Lost one. Headed your way. Gerry texted.
It was the ending to his day that he needed. Ignoring his guests, Xander changed into clothes certain to let him move freely, preparing for his dinner to arrive.
At least he was certain Jessi was safe at home tonight, with Gerry’s Guardians there to rid her place of any of Jonny’s goons.



The next morning, Jessi left her apartment scared. She hadn’t seen any of Jonny’s thugs around, and no one sneaked into her place last night to break her other arm. 
Was something wrong? Was Jonny too pissed off at her and plotting to take her out? 
She checked her phone twice on the way to Xander’s, waiting for a text saying Jonny kidnapped Ashley. None came. 
She didn’t feel safe until the door to Xander’s condo closed behind her. She leaned against it for a moment. The cat was waiting for her at the top of the stairs. She didn’t hear Xander moving around anywhere.
Jessi went up the stairs and paused to stroke the purring cat. She saw his note on the iPad.
Gym.
She was almost relieved he wasn’t there. Stressed and tired, she’d been too distracted by thoughts of what Jonny was plotting to grab coffee on the way in. She made a pot and drank most of it.
Staring at her phone, she typed a quick note to her parents, asking if they were okay with her bringing the kids up. Restless, Jessi sent it then grabbed a book from Xander’s library.
Xander was gone most of the morning. She straightened up and searched his room for the necklace, frustrated that she wasn’t able to find it.
After an hour, she gave up and sat in the living area, drinking coffee. She purposely didn’t think of what she’d say the first time she saw him this morning after that kiss the night before. Her body caught on fire just thinking about it. She found herself staring dreamily into space, trying not to imagine what else he could do with his talented mouth.
“Ah. I wasn’t expecting you.”
She almost dropped the mug and twisted to see the stranger at the top of the stairs. Tall and slender, the woman’s eyes were piercing, her dark hair and pale features setting off the green of her eyes even more. She was casually dressed, her gorgeous face emotionless as she gazed at Jessi.
Why did she feel jealousy stirring at the sight of this pretty woman?
“Ditto,” she said. “I didn’t hear you come in. You almost gave me a heart attack.”
“Sorry.” The stranger smiled. “Who are you?”
“Jessi. Xander’s assistant,” she said and rose. “You?”
“Eden. I’m a friend of his.”
“A friend.” Jessi raised her eyebrows.
The front door slammed. This time, she heard it and had no doubt who it was. Xander trotted up the stairs, dressed in a loose t-shirt and workout pants. He didn’t seem surprised to see his alleged friend.
“Coffee, Jessi.”
“Good morning, Xander!” she said with enough fake cheerfulness that he glanced at her.
After a pause, he added a quiet, “Please.”
“No problem. Nice to meet you, Eden.” She went to the kitchen, surprised at how shaken she already felt. And irritated. Was he going to make this woman Thursday after kissing her almost into a daze the night before?
The two of them moved to the porch, where they spoke quietly for a few minutes. She watched, uncertain why the woman named Eden made her uncomfortable. Maybe it was her gaze, too direct to be friendly, or the fact Jessi didn’t hear the newcomer enter.
Kind of like how Jonny moved around. It wasn’t normal. Or maybe, it was the apparent familiarity between the two of them. Xander hadn’t bristled around this woman; his guard stayed down, as if he was comfortable with her.
Eden didn’t stay long. She was gone in ten minutes, smiling at Jessi on her way out. Jessi followed her down the stairs and locked the door. When she returned to the kitchen, Xander was gone.
Jonny had texted. She opened the note with apprehension.
Status?
Jessi didn’t know what to say. At least Jonny was talking to her. 
Close. She typed finally. 
I’m monitoring your emails. Saw your note to your parents. Don’t try it. Jonny’s response was quick.
Jessi rubbed her face with a frustrated growl. 
“You ready?” Xander asked as he strode from his hallway into the living area. He was dressed in dark jeans and a snug, dark t-shirt that made him look too sexy for her to answer for a moment. His muscles were still bulging from exertion of his visit to the gym, and her gaze stayed on his biceps as he pulled on his boots. At her silence, he glanced towards her.
“For what?” she managed.
“A drive.”
“To where?”
“I promised you a long drive the other day. Certain events occurred” he raised an eyebrow at her that made her shake her head “and we got sidetracked.”
“I don’t feel like driving.”
“You’re in a shitty mood. Driving makes you smile. Get your ass in the car, or I’ll carry you down.”
Jessi stared at him in surprise. He was normally blunt, but he hadn’t put his foot down with her. He took a step towards her. She danced away, through the kitchen and down the stairs, not about to be carried out of his apartment like they were cave people. Or like she was one of his frequent guests. 
She beat him out the door and was waiting for him at the car. The minute she saw it, she started to feel her tension ease. He was right; she loved driving his car. It was the only reason she came back to work this morning after the kiss that almost made her stay the night before. She fully intended to quit.
Not really. She couldn’t.
“I can’t stand myself today,” she muttered. She dropped into the car and started it, sighing at the throaty growl.
As sexy as his car, Xander got into the passenger side.
“I know something that can help you relax,” Xander said as he closed the door.
“What?” she asked absently. 
“I can show you.”
Jessi eyed him. “Never mind. I think I know.”
Xander smiled. She pulled out of the drive to his apartment and guided the car to the highway. They were quiet. She was tense, but he seemed … calm. She wondered if it was the extended workout at the gym.
“You might be tolerable, if you were always like this,” she said. 
“I can’t wait to take that edge off.”
“And the intolerable Xander is back. You know what drives me crazy about you?”
He waited.
“Sometimes, you’re not an ass.”
“That bothers you?”
“Of course. There almost seems to be more to you,” she considered, focus on the road. “Maybe because someone who’s lived so long has to have a little more going on than a constant hard-on.”
“Or maybe the only real meaning of life is to take what pleasure you want from it. Otherwise, you go numb and spend your eternity that way.”
“That’s kind of deep in a scary way.” Jessi glanced at him. She didn’t want to be curious, but he had a way of pulling her in, when she’d rather walk away. 
“We all have secrets, don’t we?” 
“It’s human nature,” she replied. “What kind of secret could you possibly have? Jule told me about how you’ve been alive for a zillion years.”
“Why don’t we trade?” he suggested. “You tell me something you’ve never told anyone, and I’ll do the same.”
“Truth or Dare, without the dare?” she mused. She gripped the steering wheel more tightly. 
“You can say you’re scared to play. I’ll accept that as an answer.”
“I’m not scared,” she lied. “I see no reason to tell you something personal.”
“What about learning something about me no one else knows?”
Yes. She was quiet. Dealing with him always ended up with him winning somehow. She wanted to know more, but what would it cost her?
“I see the way you look at me. You might not melt at my feet, but you want to know more.”
Jessi hesitated a moment longer before finally saying, “Okay, but if I get fed up, I throw up the boundary.”
“Right. Because that always works.”
“It’s been five and a half years since I got laid, not four,” she said, ignoring him. “That’s my first secret.”
“I would rather die than let that happen,” he said and shook his head. “Good start. I speak fifteen languages.”
“Fluently?” she asked in surprise.
“Yes. I can ask for directions to bars and brothels in another ten.”
She laughed despite her mood. “I GPS tagged my cousins’ cell phones and wallets.” She cringed.
“Smart. I did the same to you.”
“What? Seriously?”
“Yeah. Only it wasn’t just your cell and wallet.”
“Omigod!”
“Your turn again.”
Jessi almost told him to go to hell except that, right now, she was almost having fun for the first time in years. It almost felt like a date. Maybe. She didn’t really remember what a real date felt like.
“I’ve been saving tip money for three years to take a vacation without the kids,” she said. “I want to take a cruise, I think, when Ashley graduates.”
“I have a personal policy of not killing women. I’ve only killed six in my lifetime.”
Her mouth dropped open. Jessi wasn’t sure what to say for a long moment. She focused again on the road, sensing he was waiting for her reaction.
“I guess if you live long enough you might kill someone,” she said, trying to rationalize it. “Okay, no. I can’t justify murder. Only six? How are you proud of that?”
“I’m a vampire. I bleed people dry. It goes with the territory to kill them, like you kill cows for hamburgers,” he said with such nonchalance she was left speechless. “But only six women. They taste better anyway.”
“There’s a huge difference between hamburgers and people-burgers. Why aren’t you in prison?” she managed at last.
“Because the last one was killed somewhere where they don’t have police.”
“You’re freaking me out.”
“I just told you I don’t kill women. You should feel safer.”
“I really don’t.” 
“Your turn.”
Just like that, he’d moved on again. Was this a warning? Had the women he killed tried to steal something from him? She was terrified to ask, especially after his comment about GPS tracking her. Panic stirred within her, along with cold fear. She had to get out of this situation. Jonny caught her trying to leave the night before, but she had to find a way to escape.
“I don’t hit women either, unlike your boyfriend or whoever is making your evenings miserable,” he added. 
“Killing women is so much better.”
“They made the wrong choice. No loss.”
“What choice was it?”
“Betrayal.”
Jessi felt sick. Why should she? She owed him nothing. He was a dick. She tried to convince herself of this, just as she tried to push him away by being a bitch. But it wasn’t in her to hurt someone or betray someone else. At least, it wouldn’t be, if her cousins weren’t in danger.
“Did you even find out why they did it?” she heard herself asking.
“Does it matter?” he returned. 
Yes. She didn’t say the word out loud. Suddenly, revealing secrets seemed much safer than a conversation about what he did to people who betrayed him. 
“I’ve only slept with two other guys.”
“Two other guys. Nice.” He laughed. “I’m definitely in.”
“Two guys! I didn’t mean it that way!” she rushed on, humiliated by the Freudian slip. “Your turn.”
“I’ve never been as intrigued by a woman as I am you.”
“You can’t lie in this game,” she snapped. “You can’t hit on me or anything else. You have to tell the truth that no one else knows. Those are the rules, right?”
“Yep. I meant what I said. Ignore it if you can’t take it.”
She glanced at him. He was smiling faintly, but he seemed genuine. 
“You scare the hell out of me,” she admitted. “In every way humanly possible.”
“That’s no secret. Try again.”
“Umm .. okay. Every day, I write in a journal. I have for the past five years, since I took over guardianship for the kids,” she said. “I hide them under my mattress, so they can’t find them.”
“Good one,” he said in approval. “Am I in there?”
She hesitated. “No.”
“You don’t want to remember me or whatever it is you’re going to do,” he guessed.
“Your turn.” He was right. She felt panic stir again. Why had she agreed to being confined with him for a drive up the coast? Had no part of her realized how dangerous that might be?
“I can’t read your mind,” he said.
“I know that,” she said. “Jule told me. Try again,” she added mockingly.
“You’re the only one I’ve ever met whose mind I couldn’t read.”
“Wow, really?” she asked, surprised. “How does that feel? Is it like suddenly being blind or deaf or something? Like you had a sense and then lost it?”
“It’s not a feeling of loss,” he said slowly. “It’s a challenge. Instead of going through the drive through every day to eat, it’s like hunting your prey down.”
“You are making this really awkward for me,” she said with a sigh. “You’ve GPS chipped me, killed six women, warned me about betraying you and now, you’re hunting me down like a people-burger.”
“How does that feel?” he asked in the same mocking tone she used.
“It’s definitely not helping your case of trying to get me into your bed!”
“I’m not so sure.”
“I am.”
“Just like you’ve sworn to quit every day this week so far,” he said, entertained. “Your turn.”
“Can I ask you something first?”
“Whatever.”
“If I’m the first person whose mind you can’t read, doesn’t it scare you that you can’t tell what I’m thinking?”
“I know human nature and can read body language, so I can tell certain things, more than humans, because of the heightened senses of a vampire. We’re more like animals that way.”
“I can see that,” she said dryly. “Pick a number between one and forty.”
“Twenty-two.”
“Four.” She laughed, unable to help it. The idea he was able to read minds was bizarre; the idea he couldn’t read her mind was so satisfying, she was proud of herself. 
“That doesn’t count as a secret,” he objected.
“Hell, yes it does. No one else knew what I would say.”
“New rule, it has to be a real secret, none of this bullshit.”
“Whatever,” she replied. “Your turn.”
“Do you want to know how many men I’ve killed?”
“For the love of God, stop with the killing talk!” she replied, distressed. “I get the point. If I betray you, you track me down and kill me.”
“Turnabout is foreplay,” he said. “Though it’s interesting that’s what you came away with.”
Jessi almost growled in frustration. He loved messing with her. She grappled with how to respond before finally saying,
“We both know how this ends.”
“I do. You don’t. I don’t need to read your mind to know you have no fucking clue what I’m capable of.”
“That terrifies me.”
“Good. Keep that in mind when you walk away and try to deal with your enemies without my help,” he said.
She shook her head. “I don’t even know if I believe all this Guardians and vampires insanity.”
“I’d be happy to remind you with a nip.”
“Jule said if I don’t stay with you, he’ll kidnap me,” she murmured. “Is that true?”
“Yeah.”
Jessi waited for more. Xander said nothing. His gaze was out the window, and he gave no sign he was deceiving her. Something was really wrong with all these people. Jonny, Xander, Jule, Gerry. It was like she’d taken a wrong turn in a theatre, walked into a movie and couldn’t find the door back to the theatre. Yet it made sense on a level that she didn’t quite understand.
“I’ve never had a rerun,” Xander said, back to the secrets game.
“Ah. So you have issues with your sexuality,” she said, grinning. 
“Not at all. I can have anyone I want. Why settle for the same thing when I can have something new?” 
“Because that’s not how a relationship works,” she said then added. “I guess that’s the point, right? You don’t want one?”
“Nope.”
“You are making the case for me not to sleep with you stronger and stronger.”
“Aren’t you curious?”
“I’m curious about zoo animals, but I’m not going to walk into the cage with a tiger.”
“You got in a car with one.”
“Damn animal tricked me.”
“You’re funny. Not many people can make me laugh.” Xander’s smile was small but present. “Next exit.”
She glanced towards the blocky sign as they passed it. They were entering the city of Buena Park. Her apartment was close. She prayed he was joking about GPS tracking. With her thoughts spinning from what she’d learned, she wasn’t sure what she’d do if his instructions took her to her home.  
“We’re going back?” she asked. 
“I have an appearance.”
“Why did you erase the schedule? I didn’t bring anything Ingrid said I was supposed to when we go to appearances!”
“It’s no secret I like to watch you squirm,” he said. “You being pissed at me is a turn on.”
“So we’re going to pick out a girl,” she muttered. “You couldn’t wait until this evening at the after party.”
“Don’t need one.”
“You can’t go two nights without a woman.”
“I won’t, Ms. Thursday.”
She bit back her retort. There were too many curse words he might take as an invitation. There was no way in hell it was going to be her, not with all he’d revealed during their secrets game. She was edgy enough in the car with him. Sleeping with him then walking out? She had a feeling it would tear her apart and he would use that as leverage. If she had to choose between pissing off him or Jonny, she was completely fucked.
She was beginning to think that was the case anyway. Was there a way to protect the kids, even if she didn’t make it out of this situation?
“You’re the first man I’ve kissed in five years,” she said.
“I believe it,” he replied. “You didn’t do too bad.”
“Omigod.” Her face flamed red. She hadn’t thought about performance when cornered by a vampire.
“I once had the choice between absolute power and immortality,” he continued. “Guess which I chose.”
Her eyes slid to him. “You’re here, so I think immortality. But you seem like you’d rather have power.”
“Bingo. I chose power. My benefactor gave me immortality.”
“He knew you too well.”
Xander smiled. 
“Where are we going?” she asked to take her mind off her growing sense of urgency. 
“Mall.”
Jessi drove to the mall, relieved he hadn’t said her house. She parked in a back lot, far away from any other car, so no one dinged the doors of the sleek automobile. Grabbing her purse, she got out and joined him. Her eyes went over him appreciatively. He caught the look.
“One night won’t kill you,” he said.
“It just might,” she replied. “I’m not a one-night stand kind of girl.”
“Not even for whatever it is you want to steal from me?”
“With my luck, it’ll be the one thing you won’t give me,” she said, recalling his warning about trading almost anything if she slept with him.
“One way to find out.”
“Not interested.” She strode towards the mall, hating the reminder. 
Xander kept up with her easily, the solid, warm body beside her affecting her senses in ways that made her angrier. 
“Ashley asked me to meet her and some friends at the mall during their lunch hour,” he said.
“She what?” Jessi stopped.
“We’re almost late.”
“Xander, no! I don’t want you having anything to do with them.”
He was ignoring her. Jessi waited for him to turn, but he kept walking. Her eyes took in his broad shoulders, thick upper body and lean lower body. The two other people in the aisle walking to their cars from the mall stopped to stare. 
She wanted to cry. The more Xander knew about her family, the worse this was all going to turn out. What the hell did she do? She had two days to steal a necklace from an inhuman creature capable of tracking her down after she did.
Quelling her panic, she trailed Xander. He didn’t wait for her, and she paused a few times along the way to the food court to argue with Ashley via texts about talking to Xander. It did no good; the girl was not only a teen, but one enamored by a celebrity who gave her the time of day.
Jessi sighed and put her phone away, at a loss as to what to do in any part of her life. If she survived Jonny and Xander this week, she’d be out a job come next week. She quit her old one to work for Xander – at Jonny’s direct order. She could waitress or bartend again, good gigs that could bring in tip money.
She could run back to her parents with the kids, too. It was the last resort, but it was something. Assuming she survived, it was an option. Her phone buzzed, and she pulled it free from her pocket as she walked. 
“Hello.”
“Hey, it’s Jonny.”
Fear flew through her. “Hey.”
“I need you to make sure Xander is at home tonight.”
“He’s got an after party planned.”
“Do I really have to repeat myself, Jessi?” he demanded.
“Jonny, I can’t manage this guy.”
“Someone is going to pay him a visit. It’s important he’s there and you’re not.”
“Why?” Dread settled into her stomach. She paused at the edge of the food court and caught sight of Xander and the girls. Even seated, he was drawing a crowd.
“When it’s over, you should be able to grab the necklace and bring it to me.”
The sudden images of Jonny sending in a hit squad on Xander or blowing up his condo went through her mind. She could see the kid doing it, though she liked to think Xander was able to counter anything like that. Somehow. With magic vampire powers or something.
“I’ll do my best,” she said. “I can’t guarantee anything, Jonny. If you’ve been around him, you know he does whatever he wants.”
“I do know that.” There was a reserved note in Jonny’s voice that told her he had a history with the vampire. “If you can’t, call me by six.”
She almost sighed in relief. “Will do.”
He hung up. 
Jessi’s eyes remained on her cousins. Both were there. Ashley’s face was glowing, and Jessi suspected her connection to Xander was helping her find friends at school. She hadn’t seen a smile on Ashley’s face like that since before the death of the cousins’ parents. Even Brandon was enthralled by the vampire, along with a handful of Ashley’s girlfriends and quite a few other women who had gathered around.
Xander caught her gaze. He lifted his chin in silent invitation. Jessi shook her head, occupied by trying to quell the frantic fear within her. She wasn’t able to pretend to be okay. Instead, she grabbed a coffee and sat across the food court, within view. 
Thinking. Hard.
“Before I sit down, tell Xander Jenn comes in peace.” The woman’s voice held a husky edge.
Jessi looked up at the speaker, stunned by the tall brunette with a body Jessi would kill for. The woman was guarded, her tension clear, much like those sparring on the beach had been. She was dressed in leggings and a snug T-shirt, neither of which left much to the imagination. She watched Xander like a predator eyeing a newcomer on its turf. 
“Are you one of the Guardian things?” Jessi asked, recognizing the strange aura that Jule had.
“Yes.”
She rolled her eyes but texted Xander the message. Without even looking in their direction, he replied instantly.
She was almost number seven.
“Okay, let me translate this,” Jessi said. “He says he’s happy to see you.”
Jenn sat with a smile that turned her from stunning to breathtaking. With large, brown eyes and dark hair, she was toned and tall, a model’s body with an extra layer of muscle. A well-worn, silver medallion with a symbol of the sun and moon, pierced by an arrow, was at her chest. 
“You’re Jessi.”
“I am,” Jessi said.
“Jule sent me.”
“Great.”
“Just checking in,” Jenn said. “He was right.”
“About …”
“Your mind. My gift is the ability to manipulate minds. Yours is impossible,” Jenn said curiously. “Interesting. Bet Xander hates it. He’s a control freak.”
“He is, but he seems to find it entertaining,” Jessi said. “Like a mad scientist in a lab. He keeps poking at me to see what I’ll do.”
Jenn laughed in her low, husky voice. Jessi’s phone vibrated, and she saw another text from the vampire. 
She will be number seven in about two minutes.
“I’m betting he wants me gone,” Jenn said. “We had a rather … contentious relationship.”
“I’m guessing you weren’t one of his one night stands.”
“No. I barely survived him as it was. We were competing entities, trying to influence someone. His mind control attempts against mine, and we had our own agendas. He let me live, only so I could watch him win.”
Jessi covered her face with her hands. “What the fuck have I gotten myself into?”
“What’s important is that you recognize you are into this thing. Once you are, there’s no going back,” Jenn said. “You’ve got some enemies that are going to give us a run for our money. If you need anything at all, a place to go, a friend, whatever. Call me. We’ve got a place in Texas where we can shelter you from anything, even Xander’s enemies. Even Xander, if you need it.” Jenn picked up Jessi’s phone as she spoke. Jessi watched her program a new contact into it.
“Texas,” Jessi murmured. 
“It’s a blink away,” Jenn said with a smile. “Right now, Xander is getting ready to kick my ass. Nice to meet you. Hope to see you around. Feel free to call, text or visit.” She rose with alacrity and moved away.
Jessi watched her go then glanced at Xander. He was looking her direction, impossible to read. She almost flipped him off but stopped herself. 
These people – Guardians or whatever – feared him. She’d seen the dangerous side of him the other night, when he effortlessly killed the three people who attacked her. He admitted to killing people and monitoring her. He was a vampire, one that seemed content to toy with her. 
One she kind of found herself liking for more reasons than he was the sexiest man she’d ever seen and his touch made her want to throw herself into his bed. He was also the most fascinating person she’d ever spoken to, in a terrifying, otherworldly way. He was good with her cousins, which shocked her, and he helped her, despite knowing she was there to do something bad to him. 
The longer she sat and watched them, the more upset she got. What if there really was a way to protect her cousins without pissing off the vampires who marched uninvited into her life? Could she send them to Texas then face Jonny alone and let him do whatever he wanted to her? Were these people really able to protect them? 
She dialed Jenn. 
“Hello?”
“Hi, Jenn. Jessi. We just met.”
“Hey, hon. You okay?”
“Great. Never been better.”
Jenn laughed.
“Listen, I’m trying to figure out a few things. Trusting complete strangers to take care of people I care about isn’t exactly something I want to do,” Jessi said with some effort. 
“Completely understood. Something made you call me, though.”
“I have no idea what my alternatives are.”
“Well, why don’t we do this? Meet me downstairs at the restrooms. Tell Xander you’re going to walk around for about half an hour and you’ll meet him back at the food court. You definitely don’t want him finding out you’re hanging out with me,” Jenn said.
“You’re not really helping things,” Jessi said, perplexed. “Who the hell should I trust?”
“I can’t believe I’m saying this, but both of us. He and I don’t get along, but he likes you. He won’t let anything happen to you, even if he’ll still kick my ass for trying to help.”
“So complicated.”
“Meet me downstairs?”
“I suppose.”
“See you in five.”
Jessi hung up and texted Xander.
Walking around for a bit. Be back in half an hour. I got the keys – promise not to leave without you.
She glanced towards him. His attention dropped for a second before he met her gaze and gave her a nod she took as either permission or understanding. She rose and walked away. 
Jenn was waiting for her downstairs. The tall woman gave a smile. Something about her put Jessi at ease, despite the watchfulness. 
“So, I’m gonna ask you to trust a stranger,” Jenn said. “Walk with me.”
Jessi followed her down the narrow hallway leading to the restrooms. She waited, curious and uncertain if she really wanted to know more about the strange new world she stumbled into.
“Take my hand and close your eyes,” Jenn said, holding out her hand to reveal a perfect French manicure.
“Um, okay. Why?” Jessi asked.
“Trust me.”
She sighed. “I might as well. I spent the week with a vampire.” She did as Jenn said. Nothing happened after a few seconds, except it felt like the mall shut off the air conditioner. 
“Okay, open your eyes,” Jenn instructed.
Jessi did and froze. They weren’t standing in the hallway anymore. They were somewhere else completely: a sprawling compound with low buildings, a huge barn and a massive, two-story hacienda style house. The sun overhead was blinding, the air light but hot.
“Texas?” she asked. 
“Welcome to our headquarters.”
Jessi released Jenn’s hand and looked around. There were people … Guardians? …wandering the compound and a corral nearby with a horse and donkey in it. Beyond where the compound ended, she saw the tan sands of the desert punctuated by short, round shrubs 
“It’s called Traveling. It’s a gift a few of us have,” Jenn explained. “We can move between places with I guess you can call magic. This is the compound of Damian, the White God. I live here, too, with my mate, the Grey God.”
“White God kills vampires,” Jessi recited from her talk with Jule.
“Exactly. We’re due to move our headquarters, but his wife had a baby six months ago. So, we’re staying put until the kid is a year old. She’s an Oracle. I wanted you to meet her.”
Panic filtered through her. Jessi sucked in a deep breath, held it for a count of five then released it. 
“Okay, let’s go,” she said.
Jenn studied her. “You’re okay with this?”
“I’ve got two teenagers. I’ve learned how to wait until I’m home in bed to have a meltdown,” Jessi replied. 
“Wise woman. C’mon.” Jenn struck off towards the barn. “Sofi is trying to learn to fight. It’s not going very well.”
Jessi had no idea what to say. She wasn’t certain her meltdown would wait, but this place seemed real enough. She could accept there was a magic way to move between places, if she was able to accept being the personal assistant to a vampire. If she concentrated on the here-and-now and dealt with the aftermath later, she might survive this experience. 
“So all these people have magical powers,” she said as they passed a muscular man jogging with his ear buds in.
“Yes,” Jenn answered. “It’s our job to protect people against Jonny, the Black God.”
“Looks like a nice kid, until he breaks your arm.”
Jenn frowned. “I hope you haven’t met him.”
“Yeah, well, sorry. I have.”
“That’s not good.”
“I figured that much out.”
They walked into the barn through a side door, and Jessi paused to let her eyes adjust. While it was huge and red from the outside, the inside resembled a boxing gym with several rings, training equipment and a wall of mirrors. In the center ring was a petite woman with her long, blonde hair back in a ponytail. She wore headgear and boxing gloves and faced off against a man with the chiseled features of a Greek god, blond hair and sharp blue eyes. Their skin coloring and complexions were similar enough for them to be brother and sister, despite the size difference.
Beside the ring was a man the size of Xander with blond hair and golden eyes and skin. He watched closely, appearing amused and cautious, like a husband watching his wife learn to box.
Jenn stopped beside him. 
“How goes it, D?” Jenn asked the large man.
“I keep telling her to hit him the way she does me,” he replied.
“I do not hit you!” the woman in the ring retorted.
“Jessi, this is Damian, the White God and head of the Guardians. His wife, Sofi, is in the ring with Dusty, who heads up the vampire fighting operations for the Western Hemisphere,” Jenn said quietly to Jessi. 
“Right.” Jessi leaned around Jenn to see what a god looked like. Damian definitely had the body and weird, glowing amber eyes. He unfolded his arms and faced her, studying her closely. Jessi gazed up at him, overwhelmed by the compelling aura around him without understanding it. 
“This is Jessi,” Jenn said. “She’s a Natural, if nothing else.”
“What does that mean?” Damian asked.
The two in the ring had moved to the edge to see them. Jessi glanced up, taking them in. The blonde woman maneuvered through the ropes. Her husband helped her down. Her face was flushed, her blue eyes bright. They were surrounded by silver that seemed to flare and swirl as Jessi watched.
“Xander,” Sofi said. 
“No shit?” the man named Dusty asked from the ring, leaning over the ropes. 
“I’m not following,” Jessi said. 
“Put your hand out like this,” Sofi told her and held out her hand, palm up. 
“She’ll look at your future,” Jenn added.
“Like a gypsy?” Jessi asked, confused.
“I like this one.” Damian snorted. 
Sofi’s gaze grew cold. “I’m not a gypsy.”
Sensing she offended the petite beauty, Jessi held out her hand as directed.
Sofi touched her palm to Jessi’s. The silver of her eyes grew brighter and swirled faster, mesmerizing Jessi. When she finished whatever it was she did, she dropped her hand. Jessi felt like she’d been mentally hit by a truck.
“Can you read her?” Jenn asked.
“Yes. Not easy, but yes,” Sofi replied, tilting her head to the side. 
The others seemed to be waiting for something. Jessi grimaced and rubbed her temples. She had a sudden, mild headache. Not understanding why everyone was quiet, she pulled out her phone to check the time.
“Bring them here,” Sofi said at last.
Jessi glanced up, not realizing she was being addressed. Sofi’s penetrating blue-silver eyes were on her.
“Bring what here?” Jessi asked.
“Before tomorrow at noon,” Sofi added. “You know what. It’s why you came.”
Jessi stared at her. 
“You’re going to make a very stupid choice soon,” Sofi said in a quieter voice. She drew closer.
Jenn stepped away to give them some privacy. 
“If I could make Xander miserable, I would,” Sofi said, a flare of anger in her eyes. “You are the next best thing. He will become the lesser of two evils. In the meantime, bring them here. If things don’t blow up, then Sunday at midnight, you can give him a message from me. Tell him, Sofi said, I told you so.”
“By blow up, do you mean literally or figuratively?” Jessi asked in dismay.
“Both. Xander is the vilest creature on the planet. But” Sofi drew a deep breath “I’m over that. Months ago, I foresaw you coming here today. I’m satisfied with how things are turning out.”
“Great, because I’m freaked out,” Jessi said. 
Sofi’s gaze softened. “It’s a lot to take in. Sometimes I forget what it’s like to be involuntarily inducted into the Guardians.” She gave her husband a cool look. 
The God winked at his small wife.
“I’m supposed to make Xander miserable, drop off my cousins to a compound filled with complete strangers who have magical powers, and wait for things to blow up this weekend,” Jessi summarized. “I’m not feeling it.”
“Jonny plans on snatching Ashley and Brandon Friday at one,” Sofi replied. “He’ll succeed, if you don’t bring them here, and things will get bad fast. Xander can take him, but he shouldn’t, because Jonny won’t be alone when Xander faces him, and Xander can’t face the creatures with Jonny without help, which he refuses to ask for, because he’s a complete ass. It’s not the way things are supposed to happen.”
Jessi’s mouth dropped open. 
“Need more?” Sofi asked. “When you were sixteen, you slept with your history teacher. That makes three men you’ve been with, not two, like you told Xander in the car today. Two days ago, Jonny broke your arm, and Xander healed it.” Sofi paused then continued. “Yes, Xander is right. You are going to sleep with him.”
“Enough. I get it!”
“Convinced now?” Sofi challenged.
“Holy shit!” Jessi exclaimed, backing away. “Okay, fine. I believe you. Let’s stop there before I pass out.”
“See what I have to deal with?” Damian said dryly. 
“If you survive the weekend, we’ll sit down and talk,” Sofi offered.
“Xander’s on the move,” Jenn reported, listening to whatever was being said across the earpiece. “We gotta go. I’m not getting my head taken off by a vamp.”
“Thank god,” Jessi breathed. “No offense, Sofi. I think I need … some time away. It’s not you. It’s me. I’m just not ready for whatever this is between us. So, we’re not breaking up, just taking time apart.”
Damian laughed. A smile tugged up one corner of the blonde woman’s lips. Her eyes sparkled. 
“Jenn, get me out of here.” At the end of her wits, Jessi held out her hand to the tall brunette.
“You may not want to tell Xander you talked to me,” Sofi suggested. 
“No problem.” Jessi was a few seconds from all out panic.
Jenn took her hand, and Jessi closed her eyes. She had no sense of moving, but the air around her grew heavier, cooler.
“You’re back,” Jenn said, laughter in her voice. “Way to make an impression.”
“I think I’m gonna pass out.” Jessi sagged against the wall.
“People usually do that the first time Sofi reads them. She can read souls, so she knows basically everything about you in two seconds. It’s a little disconcerting. Breathe deeply until the buzzing in your ears stop.”
Jessi concentrated on her breathing and not the tunnel vision. 
“Not to rush you, but my guys are reporting that Xander is about fifty meters away. You probably want to head out,” Jenn said.
Jessi nodded. She wanted to run. Xander suddenly was tame, compared to an Oracle who read her past and future in two seconds. 
She fled Jenn and emerged from the hallway into the mall. It seemed loud, overwhelming, and she realized she was still close to passing out. Jessi sat down on a bench and breathed deeply. She pressed the meat of her palms to her eyes and willed herself not to cry. In a matter of twenty minutes, her whole world imploded.
“What happened?” Xander’s voice carried a note of caution.
“This is not my day,” she said truthfully.
He sat down beside her. Jessi didn’t realize she was shaking, until he took her hands. They trembled in his large palms. He squeezed while studying her carefully, as if making certain she wasn’t hurt. 
“Maybe you should tell me what’s going on,” he growled.
“Maybe you should stop dragging my kids into this mess!”
“Is that what this is about?”
She sighed and pulled her hands free to wipe her eyes. 
“I’m guessing no,” he said. “C’mon. We’re leaving. I told Ashley she could drive the car.”
“Why does she get to drive?” Jessi snapped, meeting his gaze at last. He was watching her still. His thigh was against hers, his large frame taking up most of the bench.
“Seriously?” Xander raised an eyebrow. “You’re a train wreck. We’ve got an after party to go to. Ashley’s driving us to your place to drop them off, then we’re gone.”
“You’ll know where I live,” she objected. 
“I already know.”
“This is the worst day ever. I’m not going to the after party.”
“I can stay back and fuck you. Might make us both feel better.”
Her startled laugh surprised her. Was he trying to cheer her up in his own, special way again? Jessi said nothing as another thought emerged. She’d forgotten Jonny’s call. The hidden threat that something bad was going to happen, if Xander stayed home.
“We’ll stay in tonight, so you can tell me what’s going on,” Xander added. 
“No,” she said quickly. “We can’t stay in. We’re going to the after party. Then I’m quitting for real, never to see any of you ever again.”
“Any of us.” His gaze sharpened. “What did Jenn want?”
“It’s none of your business, Xander.”
The dangerous edge crept into him. It made her want to run even faster.
“You don’t like that, do you?” she asked softly.
“No.”
“It sucks not being able to read the minds of those around you. You never know who to trust or who wants to hurt you,” she said. “Welcome to my world, Xander.” Upset, Jessi rose and walked away. 
She wasn’t certain if he’d follow or not. Jessi did her best to compose herself as she returned to the food court. Ashley and Brandon were still at the table with all of Ashley’s friends. Jessi forced a smile as she approached. Ashley’s eyes glowed, and Jessi hated herself for wanting to leave or prevent her cousin from ever seeing Xander again, when it clearly made her happy.
“You guys ready?” she asked. 
Ashley grinned. “I get to drive!”
“I heard.” Jessi dug the keys out of her purse and handed them over. 
“Xander said he’s taking us to dinner,” Brandon said. “He’s so awesome, Jessi!”
Internally, she was cursing the vampire. Her cousins had no clue what he was or what she was involved with.
“Great,” she managed. “Let’s find the jackass and go.”
The teen girls tittered at her light-hearted curse. Ashley and Brandon stood faster than they ever had when she told them their time at the mall was up. Jessi didn’t have to look to know where Xander was; a look of awe crept into the faces of both teens.

Chapter Twelve

Xander sat on the bench until he regained his temper. Jessi was right. While he was intrigued by an interaction with someone he couldn’t predict, he was also furious that he wasn’t able to read her mind when he knew something bad was going on. Any other woman would be whimpering at his feet, ready to tell him her life story, if he cared enough to ask.
He did ask this woman, and she politely told him to fuck off and walked away. The woman made his blood burn in more ways than one. Unaccustomed to emotions he wasn’t able to control, he watched her hips sway but stayed where he was. His anger was as strong as his desire.
Jenn hadn’t left. He knew she was with Jessi and hated the idea for reasons that weren’t rational. Jenn was as responsible for protecting Naturals as Xander was turning them into vampires. If anything, Jessi was safer with Jenn than she was with him.
“You think you’re safe in a public place, Guardian?” he asked, sensing her stealthy approach.
Jenn appeared in his peripheral then crossed to sit at the bench across from him. Tall and lean, the Guardian was one of the strongest he knew. Her mind control power was second only to his, and she fought like a warrior. Sexy, dark-haired with long legs, Jenn was also wary.
“I figured I’d rather talk to you here than have you hunt me down,” she replied with candidness that marked their history of open hostility.
“Smart, as always,” he said. “You were my next stop.”
“I figured as much.”
“What do you want?”
“What do you want, Xander?” Jenn shot back. “You should’ve turned over this girl and her cousins to Jule.”
“She amuses me.”
“She’s in danger.”
“From whom?”
“Oh, she hasn’t told you?” Jenn asked innocently. “I wonder why she doesn’t trust you.”
“If there is any part of you that doubts I’ll make a scene, keep talking like that.”
His low growl made Jenn shift and stretch a hand to the small of her back, where she probably had at least one weapon stashed.
“She didn’t tell me,” Jenn said. “From what Jule said and the fact your girl knows Jonny, I’d say the Black God is using her to get to you. I don’t have any idea why.”
Xander did. It had to do with the necklace he wore beneath the t-shirt, one Jonny would find useful. What Xander didn’t yet understand: how Jonny knew something he shouldn’t.
“I can take Jonny,” he said.
“You shouldn’t take Jonny. You of all people understand how things should work.”
He said nothing, studying Jenn. They both spent weeks with the Black God, after the teenage godslayer took out the former Black God and took his place. Jonny was a good kid who had to go bad in order to control the vamps at his disposal and counter the White God’s influence. The two Gods kept each other in check.
Jonny hadn’t had the ability to lead or commit evil or balance Damian, when Xander and Jenn entered the picture. Jenn wanted to salvage him; Xander knew Jonny needed to be pushed to the side of evil. More concerned about the bigger picture, Xander interfered when necessary and spent the rest of this time toying with Jenn and the other Guardians.
In the end, everyone hated him, and he lost no sleep over it.
“You see that now,” he said.
“I think I always did. The compassionate side of me hates to see good people turned bad.”
“Choices, Jenn,” he reminded her. “Jonny didn’t have to do what he did.”
“You would’ve pushed him down that path eventually.”
“I can handle Jonny,” he said. “I can’t predict her.”
“I know. That’s why we’re pressuring her as well. If she doesn’t find you an option, she will consider us one.”
The second woman in ten minutes to piss him off. Xander didn’t like what he heard at all, that Jessi might not come to him for help. He wasn’t certain why it mattered, except that he wasn’t about to lose this round to Damian or Jenn.
“Sofi read her,” Jenn said.
“You took her to the Oracle?”
“I know you’re not a fan, but Sofi is damned good at what she does. She won’t tell us what she told Jessi, though,” Jenn said. 
“There’s no telling with that woman.” Xander’s mood was growing worse. Powerful and tiny, Sofi’s agenda was as secretive as his.
“One more thing. We’ve got rumblings that Jonny’s going to try to take you out. We’re fuzzy on the dates and times, but he’s planning something tonight and Friday afternoon. That’s it,” Jenn said. “I’m done confessing. For the record, I’m only talking to you because I like Jessi, not because I think any better of you.”
“I’m in the mood to take off someone’s head.”
Jenn stood smoothly and quickly at the hint, no doubt reminded of their many sparring sessions. Except Xander wasn’t done with her yet.
“You look good for a pregnant chic,” he said, leaning back.
She went rigid. He heard her muttering curses at him under her breath. She faced him once more.
“It’s none of your damn business, Xander!” she snapped.
“You’ve known for three weeks.” He pried the information from her mind. “Yet you haven’t told Darian.”
She was almost tense enough to attack him, public mall or not. With effort, she released a breath and sat back down. Jenn fingered the necklace around her neck, the one Darian gave her months before, when they became an official couple.
“It’s not lying if you just don’t say something, right?” she reasoned.
“He might not agree. A secret is a lie on some level.” Xander considered, thoughts on Jessi’s secrets. 
Jenn met his gaze, surprised.
“Good leverage for me,” he added.
“That was the real Xander again, wasn’t it?” She studied him. “Not the shitty side of you I normally get.”
“Darlin’, it’s all real,” he replied. 
“Maybe I should say the other side of you, then. Hey, Xander, can I ask you something?” she asked.
“No guarantees I’ll answer.”
“I’ve never been able to figure out if I should hate you or thank you for what happened in the immortal realm,” she started. “You saved my life then turned around and left me to die.”
He waited. 
She gazed at him expectantly.
“What’s your question?” he asked.
“You can read my mind. Do I have to spell it out?”
“Darian already knows you’re pregnant. He’s waiting for you to tell him when you’re ready,” Xander said, ignoring her question.
She groaned. “Are you serious?”
“Yep.”
“You’re not going to answer me?”
“Why does it matter?” Xander leaned forward and rested his elbows on his knees. 
“Maybe it doesn’t.” A troubled look crossed Jenn’s features. She grappled with his question for a moment. He was patient, still dealing with his own anger issues. “You fucked me up good when we were with Jonny for all those weeks. I didn’t understand what you were doing until after. It made me think maybe you’re salvageable.”
Xander smiled. “I don’t need saving. What I am, is who I want to be.”
“What about this girl, Jessi?” She studied him. 
“What about her?”
“She does need saving, Xander. You sort of saved me. Or maybe, you knew someone else would. I don’t think she has that luxury.”
“You want to know the truth?” he asked. “You won’t like it.” Unable to decide what his level of involvement with Jessi should be, Xander wasn’t about to admit anything to Jenn. 
She grimaced but waved for him to continue.
“Sofi was right. I would’ve left you in the immortal world, if she didn’t force me to make the promise to help you.”
Red crept up Jenn’s face, and her eyes glittered. She thought hard for a moment.
“Don’t attribute good intentions to someone whose agenda is far more … complex,” he advised. 
“Did you know I’d survive, even if you left me?” 
“Again, why does it matter?”
“Because I want to know. It matters to me, whether or not you think it should!”
“You don’t need the answer, Jenn,” Xander said firmly. 
“Who made my life your decision?” she demanded. 
“Whatever you’re going through has nothing to do with a brush with death in the immortal world. Or me,” he replied. 
She stared at him. “Damn you, Xander. You can’t just answer the question for once?”
“You survived, didn’t you?”
“Okay. You did it again,” Jenn said with effort. “Steered me away from what I wanted to know. What about Jessi?”
“She’ll survive,” he replied.
“That’s all I needed. You had to make this so fucking difficult, Xander,” Jenn said. 
Entertained by her exasperation, Xander’s anger subsided. 
“I didn’t tell Darian for the same reason you wouldn’t tell me about Jessi,” she said, standing. “I’m scared shitless. I lost a daughter during the Schism. I can’t go through that again. Whoever you lost, you’re just as scared you’ll lose Jessi, if you let yourself fall for her.”
Xander didn’t remember what fear felt like. It wasn’t what bothered him about Jessi, though he remembered why he long ago took a vow never to let anyone close to him. Maybe the level of discomfort he experienced about having something in his life not fully under his influence was what Jenn attributed as fear in hers. 
Or maybe she was right, and he was avoiding the obvious, because he couldn’t quite handle the thought of being vulnerable to anyone. He didn’t become the most powerful creature in either realm to let a quick-witted woman with a bright smile and big heart bring him to his knees.
Jenn started to move away.
“It’s a boy,” he said over his shoulder.
“Are you fucking with me?”
“No.”
Without another word, she left.
Everything he’d suspected was true: Jessi’s enemy was none other than the Black God, who sent her after the only belonging Xander had. Jessi’s sudden change of heart about wanting to go out tonight made more sense after Jenn’s warning. 
Was Jessi setting him up?
Xander waited until this bout of anger settled enough for him to deal with the woman who frustrated him then rose, making his way back to the food court.
The teens were ready when he reached the food court. Jessi didn’t look at him, but her cousins crowded him. For their sake, Xander subdued the lethal instinct that made him want to snatch Jessi, haul her away somewhere quiet and do whatever it took to pull the truth from her. She led them through the mall towards the entrance, while her cousins talked.
“She’s mad,” Ashley said. “Maybe we can put her in the trunk.”
“I like that idea,” Xander agreed. 
“Jessi does so much for us,” Brandon replied. “You need to be nicer, Ashley.”
Ashley rolled her eyes. “I didn’t do anything this time.”
“I did,” Xander said. “Of the three of us, I’m pretty sure she’s pissed at me.”
Brandon looked up at him. Xander suspected the protective older brother was about to say something to him about upsetting Jessi. Both were Naturals. Brandon was much like Jessi: undetectable from more than three feet away with a mind Xander was unable to penetrate. He’d have to test her reflexes to be certain, but Ashley was similar to Jenn: a warrior, only Ashley didn’t know it yet. 
If Xander knew and Jule knew, so did Damian, the White God. Jenn was probably waiting for his guard to drop, so she could snatch all three. 
Which pissed Xander off even more.
“You should just sleep with her and get it over with,” Brandon said at last. 
“If it were only that easy,” Xander said with a snort.
Ashley appeared stunned then embarrassed. 
“It’s kinda obvious, Ashley,” Brandon said.
Xander glanced at the kid, entertained. Brandon flushed, confirming the instinct that he wasn’t as pure as his cousin thought. Ashley, on the other hand, was still a virgin, and Xander guessed her brother was as responsible for that as Jessi’s lectures.
“Are you even dating?” Ashley asked him, confused. “She said you weren’t.”
“It’s complicated,” Xander replied. “She doesn’t know what she wants, and she’s trying to protect you both from some psycho vampire TV star.”
“Oh.” Ashley frowned. “Oh, Brandon, is that why she hasn’t dated since she took us in?”
“Probably,” Brandon replied with a shrug. “All she does is work.”
“It’s our fault.” The teen girl was pensive for a moment. “Xander, you have to date her.”
“Really,” he said. “Why’s that?”
“Because she’s probably lonely, and I feel bad that we’re the reason she doesn’t date,” Ashley rationalized. “So you should date her.”
“He can’t just date someone because we want him to,” Brandon objected. “Do you even like her?”
“Most of the time,” Xander said. “Right now, not so much.” Especially if she was about to betray him to Jonny.
Jessi reached the door to the exterior. They were close enough that she heard the last exchange. She glared at him over her shoulder before stalking out. His anger had settled enough for him to admire the flush of her cheeks. 
She waited for them at the car. Ashley unlocked the doors, and Jessi climbed into the tiny backseat, followed by Brandon. Xander sat up front. 
“I know where we’re going to eat!” Ashley said, excited. “It’s a surprise!”
The teen girl began talking. Xander half-listened, distracted by his thoughts and trying to overhear the exchange between Jessi and Brandon. The two were talking about school. Xander focused on Ashley then where they were going. 
Ashley pulled the car into an Italian chain restaurant.
“It’s Jessi’s fave. Since you’re buying …" she side, giving him a sidelong glance. “We don’t go out much.”
Xander nodded in approval. “Works for me.”
He climbed out and offered his hand to Jessi. She ignored it. Irritated with her, he took her arm to hold her back. The cousins hesitated, but Xander tossed his head towards the restaurant. He waited to speak, not wanting the cousins to overhear.
Jessi looked up at him, her clear eyes troubled. Xander brushed her cheek with the back side of his index finger. The skin of her arm was against his. She didn’t move away from him when he released her. She was gradually accepting his touch, a subtle sign of a thaw she probably didn’t realize she was doing.
He did. He’d hooked her and was gently reeling her in.
“Enough of the cold shoulder,” he said firmly. 
“For once, I got to you.” She didn’t sound satisfied like he thought she would.
“I’m not the issue. I’m the target.”
“I’ll figure out a way not to make anyone the victim,” she replied with a deep breath.
“I’m growing on you.”
“No,” she said, a flash of her fire back. “You made it clear you know where I live. Like I’m going to piss you off!”
“Go on. We’ll talk later,” he said. She was okay, if she was spitting fire at him. “You’re staying with me tonight.”
“In your dreams!”
He swatted her ass as she walked away. Jessi shook her head. Xander trailed her. She relaxed some over dinner, even joking with her cousins. While she didn’t shake her distraction completely, she was at least engaged. And not giving him the cold shoulder.
He never realized he hated that, before she did it, maybe because no one else ever had the ability to shut him out so completely. 
He sensed the Guardians when Ashley pulled in front of the old apartment building where they lived. It was in a crowded, shady side of town, the type of place he’d go to hunt down dinner, if he wasn’t a kept vamp.
“Are you guys coming up?” Ashley asked as she passed him the keys.
“It’s seven. Probably not. We’ve got an after-party,” Xander said.
Jessi cursed quietly. He climbed out of the car to let her out and saw she was texting furiously. 
“You sure?” Ashley asked hopefully. 
“Yes, we’re coming up,” Jessi said and shoved her phone in her pocket. “We’ll go straight there.”
Xander said nothing, uneasy with the idea after Jenn’s warning. Jessi was hiding something. If nothing else, he doubted Jessi’s home was in trouble, not with all the Guardians nearby. 
He followed them into the worn down building, senses alert. Jessi hesitated as they reached their floor.
“I didn’t clean,” she said nervously. “It’s a bit crowded.”
“I get it. Your first date in five years,” he said.
“This is not a date!”
He stood close enough to feel her body heat and rested a hand on her hip as they waited for Ashley to unlock the door. Ashley was giggling at their exchange while Brandon pretended like he didn’t hear. 
Xander entered the apartment behind them. It was crowded but bright and cheerful and smelled of cinnamon. Every inch of space was filled with something. Ashley slung her backpack on a chair. Jessi absently picked it up and placed it in a corner. 
“It’s Thursday, Ashley,” Jessi reminded her cousin.
“Ugh. Fine,” Ashley said with an exasperated sigh. She stormed into her room.
Xander sat on the couch. 
“You, too, Brandon,” Jessi said.
“But Xander’s here.”
“He’ll be here in ten minutes when you’re done cleaning your room.”
Brandon rolled his eyes before he disappeared down the same shallow hallway Ashley had. Xander watched as Jessi went through a routine of straightening the kitchen.
“You want coffee or anything?” she asked.
“I’m good,” he replied.
She crossed to the living room and tucked her legs beneath her as she sat across from him in an oversized, worn chair.
“Thank you for dinner,” she said.
They gazed at each other. Xander waited until he saw the pink creep up her face.
“You’ve done good with the cousins,” he said.
“Ashley’s not pregnant and Brandon hasn’t dropped out of school. Sometimes, it’s the little things,” she said with a sigh. “I was twenty two when I took them in. It’s been interesting.”
“They’re smart and happy. I’d say you’ve done really well.”
“Thanks.” Her smile was warm. “I really appreciate you taking time for them. They worship you.”
“You’ve given up warning me off?”
She looked away. “I’m trying a new solution to my issue.”
“You’re right. Right now, I’d like nothing better than to read your mind,” he said. “Especially because I want to know what’s going on tonight that has you spooked.”
“Nothing.”
“I can tell when you lie.”
“It’s none of your business.”
He hated that phrase as much as the cold shoulder. 
“Look, can’t we talk like two normal people for once?” she asked. “Talk about the weather or what your plans are for your show or something?”
His gaze settled on a picture above the television. “What happened to their parents?”
“Car accident. They were killed on date night, of all things,” she murmured, following his gaze. “My parents – and me – were the only family they had left. Parents wouldn’t take them, which is no surprise, considering they never wanted the kid they had. So, I took them. Didn’t seem right to dump them in a foster home.”
“You put your life on hold.”
“Yeah. Not an issue, though. I got used to working two jobs. Put finishing college on hold for awhile,” she said without any sign of resentment. “They’re good kids. I’m happy I could help. Ashley was suicidal for two years after their deaths. I couldn’t have done it without Brandon. He’s always been protective.”
“You’d do anything for them.”
She said nothing. Her face was troubled again. He wondered what Jonny threatened to do to the teens, if she failed to do his bidding. 
“You had a choice and didn’t take the easy way out. I admire that.”
“Okay, here’s a secret. I have no idea what to think of you sometimes,” she said, frustrated. “You’re being decent right now. Who the hell are you, Xander?”
Xander was quiet for a moment. Her gaze was intent. She was wrestling with herself over something, and he suspected it was the decision she was trying to make about betraying him.
“I was the first vamp, one of five Original Beings, born of parents who were not vamps,” he started. “My father was a high ranking political leader in the immortal equivalent of a political system. My mother was the daughter of a wealthy merchant. It wasn’t an honorable trade in my time, but money made up for it. Then I was born.”
Jessi was listening in rapt attention. 
“There was no room for a freak in the political dynasty. My father disowned me and cast out my mother and me. Her family wouldn’t take us. No one would,” he said, remembering. “She worked the streets to keep me fed. When I was ten, I learned to use my unique set of skills to steal money for us. By then, she’d caught some disease and died soon after. Eden found me then. She was not what you’d call a caring mother figure.”
“Wow,” she murmured. “What about your father?”
“Long dead.” 
“You didn’t kill him, did you?” She cringed. 
“Along with his entire family. Not so much of a dynasty now,” he mused.
“Except for you, his only legacy.”
“When I say I admire you, I do,” he said. “I wouldn’t wish my upbringing on anyone else. Your turn for a secret.”
“You mean no one else knows your history?”
“No one outside the woman who adopted me and turned me into a killing machine.”
Her eyes widened. “I can’t believe you told me. Why?”
“I like you,” he said simply.
“I’m a bitch to you.”
“It’s a total turn on.”
Jessi smiled then laughed. “There’s something wrong with you!”
“You just now figuring that out?” 
“You tell me you’ve killed six women, and I invite you into my house.” Bafflement crossed her features. “Are you certain you can’t manipulate my mind?”
“If I could, the scene at the mall today wouldn’t have happened.”
“I really got to you.”
“You did.”
She beamed. “Good. You always get to me.”
He chuckled. 
“So, now that we’ve bonded, what happens if I’m not a total bitch to you?” she asked with some of her old spunk.
“I’m pretty sure you’ll manage. If not, I’m sure I can provoke you.”
She rolled her eyes. 
“Done!” Ashley cried, dashing out of her room. “Now we can hang out!”
“Inspection first,” Jessi said sternly and stood. 
“Jessieeeeeeeeeee!”
Xander smiled at the two. Ashley was so excited to hang out, she looked like she was in pain while Jessi wasn’t budging. The two went down the hallway. Jessi’s phone vibrated from its place on the stand beside the chair.
No part of him felt the need not to check up on her, not when he had no idea where her loyalties were. Xander leaned forward and grabbed it. The contact was labeled simply as J and his message simple.
Plan in action. Fix this now.
Xander scrolled to the message she’d sent to J.
I can’t do it.
Do what? Xander replaced the phone, trying to put the bigger picture together of what was going on. It didn’t take much thought for him to realize J was probably Jonny. Whatever Jessi was trying to get out of, she was in for a surprise. He liked her, more than he should, given she was working on betraying him. 
She returned with Ashley, who had a shoebox in hand. The teen plopped down beside Xander and thrust it at him.
“I bead,” she said.
“Really well,” Jessi added.
“Done!” Brandon shouted. 
“Coming.” 
Xander sifted through Ashley’s colorful beads, uninterested. 
“This is a bracelet, and this one will be a necklace.” Ashley pulled free the bright projects. Her eyes went to the ruby at his chest. She studied it for a few seconds before digging through the box for something similar. “Look! It’s the same color!”
“Yeah,” he said, looking at the round, flat crystal.
“I can make me and Moira one then we’ll all match. You think it looks like yours?”
“Close enough.”
“I have to tell Moira.” 
Xander snorted as she texted her friend. He glanced up as Jessi and Brandon joined them in the living room. The teens entertained him, but he really wanted some more time to work on Jessi. He watched from the corner of his eye as she checked her phone. Her smile faded and her features grew pensive. After a moment, she texted a quick response and set it down again.
She let the cousins talk at him for a few moments before clapping her hands. 
“Okay, guys, you know the drill. Dinner’s in the freezer. No girls, Brandon. No pizza, Ashley. We’re taking off. I’ll be home late.”
“She means, she’ll be back in the morning,” Xander said.
Jessi shot him a look. Ashley giggled and Brandon grinned. Xander winked at the flustered woman across from him. He held out his hand to Jessi. She accepted it this time and let him pull her up. 
“I’m so jealous,” Ashley said with a sigh.
“Enough of that. I’m babysitting him, so he doesn’t get in trouble,” Jessi snapped. “You two behave.”
“You too, Jessi,” Brandon retorted. 
“Don’t you worry about me, kid.”
“I’ll take care of her,” Xander said. 
Jessi’s eyes sparked. She snatched her purse and strode to the door while the teens laughed. She was fuming in the hallway when he pulled the door closed behind him. She walked to the elevator.
“You shouldn’t say those things in front of them,” she lectured.
“They know more about sex than you do.”
She stared at him. Xander stopped close enough for their bodies to touch and punched the down button. He lifted her chin and kissed her fast and deep, until her body started to sway. The ding of the elevator drew his attention, and he realized he had pressed her against the door. Her hands were on his chest, her lips parted. 
“I’m not sleeping with you,” she hissed.
“You’re also quitting again tonight, aren’t you?” He wrapped his arms around her and backed her into the elevator. 
“Dammit, Xander. You’re such an ass.”
By the time they reached the ground floor, she was putty. Her arms were around his neck, her hunger for him no longer hesitant. He relished the sensations of her hot mouth and soft skin, the scent of her arousal and the way her body molded against his.
Enjoying their game of tug-of-war, he released her. 
“Still not sleeping with me tonight?” he teased, kissing her on the forehead.
“No,” she whispered in a husky voice. 
Amused, Xander held her until she recovered enough to push at him. He swatted her ass as she marched past him out of the elevator. 
They went to the car. Jessi refused to look at him and slid into the passenger’s seat. 
“Do vampires get drunk?” she asked and pulled her door closed.
“Nope.”
“I’m assuming if I do, you’ll take that as an open invitation.”
“Without a second thought.”
She sighed. 
Xander pulled away from the curb, pretending not to notice when she glanced at her phone. He wondered what she was planning with Jonny and just how bad it would be for him.
“I need to drop by the condo first,” he said casually.
“No,” she said too fast. “I mean, let’s just go to the party.”
“In a rush to get to some place you didn’t want to go a few hours ago?”
She was silent. 
“Just for a minute,” he said.
“Xander, I don’t want to. Please? Call it a favor?” she pleaded. 
“I like the idea of you owing me,” he debated. “But I’d prefer an explanation.”
“You just have to trust me.”
“Favor it is.”
The woman was so damn frustrating. Something was wrong. Was he walking into a trap at the after party or was his condo the trap? He was about to find out whose side she was on; he only hoped it didn’t piss him off.
“Oy. I have the feeling owing you is not a good thing.”
“You made your choice. Prepare for the consequences.”
Xander smiled to himself at her exasperated sigh. She sounded like Ashley. He drove them up the coast, past the exit to his condo and onward to the hills of Los Angeles. They were early for an after party, but he wasn’t concerned. He was still debating whether or not he’d need to find a substitute for dinner, if he was going to lose this round with Jessi again.
He’d never lost this game, and it amused him to no end that the woman in the seat beside him was beating him every night. Every other woman would’ve caved the first day before nine in the morning. Not Jessi. Day four, and he was zero for four. 
The party was going already when they pulled up. Expensive cars lined the long drive to the mansion overlooking the hills. He passed off his keys to a valet.
“Whose place is this?” she asked.
“Antonio Porter’s.”
“You mean, the father of the girl you slept with Monday who won’t stop calling you?”
“Who also showed up at my condo last night, compliments of you?” he challenged.
“Oh, god. This will not end well. If she’s there, at least you’ll stop hitting on me,” she said with a frown.
“I don’t have to. You don’t have to pretend like you’re not interested, either.”
“It’s not happening.”
“That’s not what your kiss said.”
Silence. 
Jessi didn’t know what she wanted, and the wounded expression on her face made him want to kiss her. The moment they walked in, though, he sensed where his plan was going to go wrong. It had to do with a certain Guardian named Gerry who was at the heels of Toni. Jessi’s audible groan was one Xander echoed internally. The moment he set foot in the spacious foyer, Toni’s eyes found him. 
“How can you stand her voice? Like a horse in pain or something,” Jessi muttered for his ears only.
“It’s not so bad when she’s screaming your name,” he responded.
“You deserve everything you have coming to you tonight.” Jessi took a step away from him and waved at Toni to make certain the model saw them. With a pointed look over her shoulder, the fiery woman stalked off, leaving him with Toni.
Gerry smiled at Jessi, irritating Xander. The two moved away. 



“That is not a good look he’s giving you right now,” Gerry sounded concerned.
“He’ll live,” Jessi replied. 
“He hasn’t eaten you yet, so I assume you’re getting along.”
She glanced at him. “Does he eat people?”
“No. Just bleeds them dry or vamps them.”
“Is there a third alternative?” she asked, dismayed.
“He lets women go. Men, not so lucky.”
Because of his mother, she knew now. It was hard to believe the vampire had any sense of morals. After hearing his story, she almost felt sorry for him. She didn’t want to imagine a ten year old living in the slums, knowing his mother was reduced to prostitution to keep them alive. She didn’t blame him for taking out his father’s family. He was largely immune to the world, but he had some depth of emotion, if he respected his mother’s memory by not killing women.
By not killing many women.
The more she thought about him, the more panicked she felt. It didn’t help that the women at the after party all looked like Toni and all the men like Gerry. She was underdressed and fat. As usual.
“I need a drink,” she said.
“You’re in luck. It’s an open bar,” Gerry said and motioned to the far side of the open space marking the living area. The entire wall facing the ocean was lowered, and people spilled from the mansion onto the extensive balcony.
Jessi grabbed a drink and followed Gerry to the balcony. They leaned against the railing, Gerry facing the crowd and Jessi facing the sky and sea.
“So, these Guardians,” she started. “I can trust them?”
“You can. It’s our job to protect people like you from people like Xander.”
“Except that everyone is afraid of Xander.”
“Yep,” he said with a grin. “But if Xander wanted to hurt you, you’d be gone already. It’s a good sign he hasn’t. We have orders to watch him but not interfere, unless someone is in danger.”
“I don’t get him.”
“No one does. We didn’t know the Originals like him were still alive until a few months ago. He appeared out of nowhere. Xander is an anomaly among our kind. I’m not at all certain what to think of him, either. But I’d say he likes you. That would terrify me personally, to be the center of attention from someone like him.”
“You’re not helping,” she mumbled.
“You want me to convince you to stay or go?” he asked, meeting her gaze with a smile. “I can work it either way.”
“I want you to convince me I’m not crazy,” she replied. “Even you. You’re some sort of freakish non-human, aren’t you?”
“Guardian. Yes,” he said with a grin. “If you choose not to stay with Xander, Jule’s assigning me to bring you in.”
“Like I’m some sort of stray dog?”
“You’re one of us. You belong with us.”
“What does bringing someone in consist of?” she asked.
“You’d be assigned a Guardian, me, and I’d help you adjust.”
“What about my cousins? I’m their legal guardian. Do they come, too?”
“Yep. We take care of our own. Damian rents houses wherever they’re needed and sets up stipends for Guardians and Naturals to live off of. Everything’s included,” he said. “The downside is that you’re basically on the fringe of mainstream society.”
It didn’t sound too bad to be part of the strange, private club. She considered for a moment. She found herself leaning towards Xander, if the choice was between him and Gerry. Sofi-the-Oracle’s warning came back to her. With a sinking feeling, Jessi realized her world was going to crash down on her this weekend. It was a waste of time dwelling on a future she didn’t have.
“Will you do something for me, Gerry?” she asked slowly.
“Sure.”
“Will you have your people pick up my cousins and take them to Texas?”
“Are you in trouble?” He faced her, studying her features. 
“They might be,” she admitted.
“What about you?” he asked, concerned.
“I’ve got Xander,” she said with more confidence than she felt. “I can’t be in two places at once.”
“I’ll let Jule know, and we’ll evac them. When?”
“Whenever works. They’ll be freaked out, but I’ll text them and tell them to go with you.”
“I’ll arrange it now. You want me to bring you another drink?” he asked. He straightened, reaching for his phone.
“Sure.”
“Be back in a minute.”
Jessi watched him go, texted her cousins then returned her gaze to the dark sky and ocean. The balcony was unlit, probably because it had turned into a make-out spot. The interior of the house was romantically lit by candles, and the soft electronica music and sounds of talk added to the dark, spirited ambiance.
Whatever Jonny was doing tonight, it was probably the beginning of the end. She’d been arguing with him over texts for the past hour. He fell silent, which she took as a horrible sign. Stressed out, Jessi leaned over and rested her elbows on the railing. She held her forehead in her hands, trying to relax.
A text drew her attention to the cell phone. She pulled it free to read the message.
We’ll evac the kids tonight, Jenn texted. We’ve got people at your place now. They’re safe ‘til then.
A tremor of fear went through Jessi. She really wasn’t certain this was the right thing to do. She texted a quick thank you to Jenn and returned the phone to her pocket. Pensive, she stared at the dark sky.
Recognizing his scent and presence, she nonetheless tensed when she felt Xander’s huge hand on her neck. He began massaging gently, the combination of strength and heat welcome. He kneaded the stiff muscles of her neck. It felt good.
“You’re beyond tense.” Xander’s voice was as dark as the night.
“This hasn’t been my week,” she replied. “How did you escape the horse?”
“The same horse you invited to my dinner party last night?” His hand dropped. 
“No, don’t stop.” Jessi opened her eyes and took his wrist, placing his hand at her neck again.
He began massaging, and she sighed.
“I was mad at you,” she admitted.
“No shit.”
She smiled at the dry note in his voice. His hand moved to her shoulder. He shifted to stand behind her, placing his other hand on her other shoulder. She almost groaned as he worked the tension free.
“God, that feels good,” she whispered. “Too bad you’re going to kill me.”
“You sound pretty convinced,” he said, bemused. 
“Isn’t that what you do to people who betray you?”
“Usually.”
“That’s that then.” Her throat tightened. 
She sensed his anger. Jessi’s head nodded forward as he ran his thumbs along the sides of her neck to loosen the muscles. His touch was making her body hot from the inside. Too aware of his scent and nearness, she opened her eyes as his hands shifted. He turned her to face him, his hips pressing her back against the railing. 
They gazed at each other. Jessi wanted to cry again, but wasn’t about to, not when she had to keep her game face on for Xander. The physical connection was making it hard to control her emotions and the memory of the other times he’d kissed her. 
“Betrayal’s a bitch,” Xander said wisely. “Tough choice for you to make.”
“I don’t have a choice.”
“You always have a choice.” He trailed a finger down the side of her face as he spoke.
“Sometimes people get hurt,” she rationalized. “That’s life.”
“You don’t have it in you.”
“I do.”
“No, you don’t.”
She felt tears rise at his soft words. She hadn’t stopped to let herself think about how much this week had hurt, knowing her cousins were in danger, the sense of helplessness she’d been fighting. 
“I guess that’s good for you. I’ll be dead. You won’t have to kill me,” she retorted. 
He wiped the first tear that escaped away. She swiped at the rest. 
“You killed six women and god knows how many men. Why should I be upset at betraying you?” she demanded. “I might be doing the world a favor. I’d definitely be doing women a favor, since you treat them like toilet paper.”
“Then do it,” he said.
“You’re supposed to talk me out of it.”
“I know a sinking ship when I see one.”
“I really hate you right now,” she whispered, eyes blurring. 
“Enough to kiss me?”
She laughed. “There is something so wrong with you!”
Feeling reckless and trapped by her circumstances, Jessi didn’t wait for him. She reached up and pulled his face to hers. She kissed him hungrily, with the desperation she felt. Xander matched her passion. He slowed the pace of their kiss until it was deep, leisurely. His velvety mouth and full lips, combined with his amber-oak scent, intoxicated her senses. Jessi leaned into him, thrilled at the sensation of his arms enveloping her in his heat. He was strong and solid; she almost believed he was able to protect her from the mess she was in.
“This feels like a yes,” he whispered huskily. 
“Too bad we’re so far from your place,” she teased.
“You’ve never been to an after party before. This place is full of beds waiting for celebrity hook-ups.” His smile was cunning, the glow of lust in his eyes.
“I guess this is one way to end our relationship. Sleep with you, and you’ll have someone show me the door in the morning.”
“Saves you the trouble of betraying me.”
“You’re such a jerk!” 
He kissed her again before she was able to push him. This time, when he pulled away, she was breathless.
“Yes?” he asked, nipping her lower lip. 
She nodded. 
Xander took her hand and led her through the crowd into the house, ignoring anyone who tried to talk to him. She barely closed the door to a random guest bedroom behind her when he pulled her into his arms. 
Consuming, insatiable. They were the only words that came to her mind a few seconds before she gave up trying to resist the effect he had on her. His hands moved over her body possessively, his hot kisses on her lips and skin working her into a frenzied state of desire unlike anything she’d felt before. Whatever resistance she had evaporated in the intensity of his desire for her. 
“You ready for me?” He trailed hot kisses down her neck. 
“Yes,” she groaned. 
Chapter Thirteen

When Jessi awoke the next morning, she was wrapped in Xander’s body. He’d taken the time to appreciate every inch of her body with his mouth and hands, all the while driving her into a haze of such yearning and sensory overload, it was almost dreamlike. She understood why the girls who left his bed were so dazed. She felt like a cooked noodle; no part of her body wanted to move. 
As if sensing she was awake, one of his hands moved over her body light enough to tickle. He kissed her neck then nipped her. She shivered at the sensations, desire blooming hot and fast within her. 
“Did you tell Ingrid you need a new assistant?” she asked.
“Not yet.”
Jessi smiled to herself and closed her eyes, enjoying his touch. His solid body was warm at her back, the arm wrapped tightly around her a sign she wasn’t going anywhere. She could avoid reality for a little longer.
“You’ll have to stick around long enough to make me coffee,” he added.
“You can make your own damn coffee.”
“Ah, then breakfast.”
“I can’t cook,” she replied innocently. 
“Got it covered.” Xander pushed her onto her stomach. “Spread ‘em.”
Jessi sighed as his warm, solid body settled over hers. He kissed her shoulder and took her arms, holding her wrists over her head with one hand. 
“Don’t move,” he whispered the familiar warning.
Jessi held her breath. He entered her at the same time he bit her, and her world exploded into hot desire and need so intense, she thought his passion would consume her. Half an hour later, when he was finished with her, she lay trembling. 
“Breakfast in bed,” he murmured, nuzzling her face and neck. “Not so bad, is it?”
She gave a breathless laugh. Xander rolled onto his side and wrapped his arms around her, pulling her into his body once more. 
“My god, Xander,” she whispered. 
“You’ve been fighting that all week.”
“I was more concerned about my job!” she returned. “If I’m not mistaken, you’ll now toss me out.”
“Gotta find a new assistant first.”
She elbowed him in the chest, afraid to see his face and realize he was serious. She’d never felt as at peace or sated or relaxed as she did now, and she couldn’t imagine any other man making her feel the way he did last night or this morning. That he was done with her was not a thought she was ready to handle yet.
“You intrigue me. I might keep you around today so I can tap that ass whenever I want.”
Jessi roused herself enough to twist in his arms so she could see his face. Her heart was hammering at his casual declaration. The idea she might really be of interest to someone as enthralling and terrifying as Xander was almost too good to be true.
“You’re serious?” she asked. 
“Absolutely. I love your ass.”
“You are something else, Xander.” 
He responded with a deep kiss. When he withdrew, she reached out to touch the planes and angles of his face. His jaw was roughened, his red eyes glowing. 
“What if …” she trailed off, aware she almost revealed something she wasn’t ready to.
“You betray me?” he finished.
“Sort of. Am I number seven?”
Xander sat up. She felt the loss of his warmth and body at once and assumed he was angry at her. Jessi almost sighed. Already, she ached to regain the intimacy with him. 
“When I was ten, I met Eden, the woman who often hired my mother for errands,” he started. He rose and crossed to his clothing. 
Jessi’s eyes went over his powerful body in wonder. He was so strong, yet he’d been tender with her only minutes before.
“Close your eyes, Jessi.”
“Why?”
“I didn’t kill you when I had the chance. I’m not going to now,” he said, amused by the suspicion in her voice. “I need you to listen to me.”
She hesitated then rolled onto her stomach for warmth and closed her eyes.
“We were at the bedside of my mother, and she was dying. Her benefactor was a human, an Oracle,” Xander continued. “I was too young to understand why she sought out my mother and me. I didn’t understand it until much later that she wanted to destroy the immortal world and use my vamps to do it.”
She listened as he rustled around. 
“The night my mother died, Eden gave me advice I’ve never forgotten. She said life was about choices, the ones we make as well as the ones we don’t. She offered to take my mother and me in at one point, but my mother refused. The Oracle told my mother that she wanted to turn me into a creature beyond mercy with power no one could counter.”
“Your mother said hell no, I’m betting,” Jessi murmured.
“That she did. Eden told me my mother’s love for me was greater than her fear of the consequences of living in the streets,” Xander said. “When my mother died, Eden gave me a choice: to use my special gifts for her benefit. In exchange, she would help me seek revenge against those who cast us out after I was born. Or, I could walk away from her, from vengeance and try to make it in a society that would probably have killed me. Basically, serve her or die.”
“You went with her,” she said with a sinking feeling. 
“I do not have my mother’s goodness,” he said with a chuckle. “I chose vengeance. I created an army of vamps Eden used to overthrow her enemies while I overthrew mine. In the end, not much was left standing.”
“How horrible, Xander.”
“At that point, I was more powerful than she and the existing Original Beings. Every time a vamp is created, my power grows. She, however, had no further use for me. She gave me a second choice: immortality or power.”
Jessi listened, enraptured by the tale. “You chose power.”
“Exactly. Except, she had her own agenda. The rest of the immortals had a bounty on my head. Eden could’ve left me to die at their hands. Instead, she bound my power and made me immortal. She forced me to experience all the pain I caused in my life, in the hopes of reforming me.”
“I’m afraid to ask if it worked.”
“It did,” he said with a note of laughter in his voice. “The world wouldn’t be standing otherwise. The necklace became a curse, one that siphoned off much of my power but also allowed me to live.”
“Why didn’t you get rid of it?” she asked curiously. 
“It was my mother’s. I was born a predator and trained to kill. There is nothing human about me, Jessi, nothing good, except for the reminder I wear around my neck of the only person who ever gave up her life for me. What mercy I have to give comes from her memory.” 
Jessi’s eyes opened. She stared at the pillow clutched in her arms, suddenly understanding the other side of Xander, the one that remained beyond loyal to a woman who had died tens of thousands of years ago. He would’ve destroyed a world for her and refused to surrender the only reminder he retained. 
What would it be like to really be with someone like Xander, who loved so deeply and completely, he’d only done it once? 
The bed sank beneath his weight. She waited to hear more. 
“Eyes closed.” Xander lifted her into a sitting position between his thick thighs and kissed her face. 
She leaned back against him, comforted by his body again. Then she felt it, the smooth nylon necklace he slid around her neck. 
“The red gem. It’s the key to a great power capable of destroying a world is kept,” he said, his hands falling away from her neck. “It’s also the only part of me that’s remotely human.”
Jessi’s eyes flew open. The treasure she’d been after, the one that was supposed to save her life and those of her cousins, was around her neck. She realized he wasn’t telling her a story just for idle talk. There was a moral behind it, one that terrified her.
“There are two people who can call forth its power. I’m one. You’re the second. No one else can touch the gem without dying instantly.”
She took in this information, horrified of what it meant to have the gem nestled between her breasts. 
“You … you had me put it on you the first day,” she said, realizing her danger for the first time. “What if it killed me?”
“You wouldn’t be here now,” he said with a dark laugh. “I’ve made my decision. Your turn.” 
For a long moment, her fear held her captive. He moved away from her again, getting dressed. Jessi sat frozen, unable to fathom that the simple red gem was capable of such magic. She understood why Jonny wanted it. She didn’t understand what she was supposed to do with it around her neck. What was Xander telling her? That the lives of her cousins were nothing compared to the lives of the entire planet?
That the last vestige of good or hope he was capable of was now in her hands? If she betrayed him, was he turning his back on everything?
She couldn’t handle either thought.
“I don’t want this,” she said at last, reaching for the necklace with trembling fingers. “Take it back, Xander!”
“It marks you as mine. If you remove it, you are making more than one decision.”
Something Jule shared on the beach returned to her. The gifting of the necklace was like a proposal, only much more to the Guardians who gave the symbols of their families and histories to their chosen suitors. 
From Xander, however, it was a dare. He was testing her again, making his offer clear. He chose her; was she going to choose him? He wasn’t going to let her walk away. The only problem: Neither was Jonny.
It left her trying hard not to show her panic.
“I can’t …” she stopped. He was gone, the door cracked open.
How long was she sitting in her stupor? 
Jessi got dressed, not surprised to find the small toiletry bag in the bathroom. Xander was right about hook-ups being expected at these parties. She pulled her hair up in a ponytail, gaze settling on the necklace dangling between her full breasts. 
His history, legacy and curse. He passed them all onto her. It didn’t seem possible for her to succeed at Xander’s latest trial, and the consequences were far greater than anything she imagined dealing with. Whether she chose him or obeyed Jonny, people got hurt. The chances of her living through it weren’t good. His message was clear: she was either his or she was on her own. Which meant she was probably dead.
Before sleeping with a vampire, Jessi didn’t think life could get any worse. Xander always managed to surprise her. She steadied her breathing and checked her phone.
Kids safe in Texas, Jenn had texted. 
The teens’ texts were far less calm. Jessi grimaced. She’d warned them not to be freaked out but understood it wasn’t possible. After all, complete strangers showed up at their apartment and used magic to take them to some place halfway across the country. 
Leaving the bedroom, she sent a couple of quick notes to them. She followed the sounds of talking to discover the balcony was converted into a small buffet with café-style tables. The scene struck her as bizarre. Xander was waiting at one table, mug of coffee in hand. 
The sight of him stirred emotions that confused her. Jessi drew out the inevitable by taking her time to select her food. She joined him, warmth creeping up her face at the thought of their night. His gaze lingered on the necklace. His muscular frame was relaxed. He gave no sign of what he might be thinking. 
She was too nervous around him to be hungry. Chiding herself silently for behaving like a teenager, Jessi forced part of her breakfast down her throat. 
“You’re quiet,” he observed when she leaned back in her chair.
“So are you.”
“Are you freaking out?”
“I think you know that answer.”
He smiled. “Good.”
“Why is that good?” she demanded. 
“If the decision was easy, I’d be furious.”
Startled by the confession, Jessi rested her elbows on the table and leaned forward. 
“You really do like me,” she said. 
He mimicked her pose, his intensity and nearness making her breathing irregular. Her eyes went to his full lips. The memory of what he’d done with his mouth made her lower belly burn.
“I’m considering keeping you, Jessi, assuming you survive this trial. That should terrify you,” he replied.
Her breath caught at the stark pronouncement. 
“It does,” she whispered.
“If there’s anything I should know, tell me, before I find out through other means.”
She shook her head. Resistance was becoming harder, but she wasn’t going to put him in danger anymore than she would her cousins. His kiss was gentle, lingering and made her ache to feel his lips elsewhere. 
“I’ll find out anyway,” he said against her lips. 
“I can’t.”
He kissed her again quickly then rose. “Let’s go.” He held out a hand. She took it and walked with him through the house and to the valet.
“This place is beautiful,” she said. The driveway was lined with trees and the manicured lawns emerald green. She found herself leaning into Xander. He wrapped an arm around her, and she hugged him as they waited.
“I’m sorry to leave before I could see the look on the horse’s face,” she said with some satisfaction. “That reminds me. Did you use your mind magic to set up the photo shoot with you and me?”
“Yeah.”
“Why?” she looked up at him. 
“I like fucking with you.”
“That’s it? No deeper reason?”
“I’ve been intrigued by you since we met. I wanted to see what you did. And how you tasted.”
“How often do you … bite people?” she managed.
“Usually only once. You, though, a few times today.”
“Hmmm. I have no idea what to think of that.”
“Consider it a compliment. I hope to be fucking you every time I do.”
Jessi flushed, her insides burning even hotter. She almost felt weak from the ache at her core that yearned for him to be inside her. 
“How long can you put up with a rerun before you get bored?” she ventured. 
“We’ll find out.
“I hate that answer!”
“I know.”
“You’re such an ass.”
His hand dropped to her backside, and he squeezed. She swatted him away, striding towards the car. The valet opened the door, and she dropped into the passenger seat.



Xander understood that some part of Jessi was stuck in hard core denial, the kind that needed irrefutable proof that she had no other alternatives. She surrendered to him last night in a way that made his body crave her, something that never happened with the other girls. He was right when he suspected sex with the intriguing woman was going to be unlike sex with anyone else. The emotional connection was even more powerful when he was inside her. It left him wanting her even worse, now that he knew what it was like to fuck her. 
He didn’t expect the sight of his necklace dangling in the center of her chest to fill him with anything other than regret or dread. He was surprised that he felt neither. She glowed from their lovemaking, her gray eyes sparkling with life. 
Still she defied him. He was torn again between frustration and the kind of interest that came from trying to capture a ghost. Jenn texted him earlier to let him know his condo no longer existed. It was likely why Jessi changed her mind so many times about last night.
She’d chosen him, and then blown up his apartment. Or at least, not warned him. He loved how complicated it was while suspecting she dug herself a grave, one he wasn’t going to be able to help her avoid without her telling him what was going on.
He rested a hand on her thigh. She smiled at him, troubled yet gazing at him in a way that explained why she didn’t just throw the necklace away. He’d taken a gamble by entrusting it to her. For the first time in his life, he really wasn’t certain his choice was a smart one. He wanted her, but he wasn’t going to settle for a woman unable to pass the ultimate test. There was no room in his life for betrayal. 
The cops were at his condo building when they arrived, and he sensed Guardians nearby as well. Xander felt her grow tenser as they were waved down the long driveway, towards the oceanfront building. What happened soon became apparent; there was a neat hole in the top story of the building where Xander’s condo used to be.
All residents were being directed to the lawn to park, and Xander remained calm. He shut off the ignition. 
“How ‘bout now?” he asked casually. “Anything to share?”
Jessi was pale. She shook her head.
Xander said nothing. He exited and closed the door. He gazed towards his nonexistent condo and crossed his arms, leaning back against the car. The place was swarming with police and displaced residents. He imagined the ocean breeze zipping straight through where his living room used to be.
“How’s life?”
Xander glanced at the man the same size as him. The White God, Damian, was cool and wary, his white-blonde hair, golden eyes and subtle white glow the opposite of Xander’s darker presence. He was accompanied by his brother, the Grey God, Darian, whose unusual power bent the air around him in a mix of light and shadows. Older by ten years, Darian’s hair was dark and his body whip like, compared to his brother’s thicker frame. Behind them was Charles, the newly re-vamped Tracker.
Darian had Xander’s cat tucked against his body. 
“Talk about ocean view,” Darian said with a half-smile.
Xander snorted. 
“You found the cat!” Jessi sounded relieved.
“My condo is gone, and you’re worried about the fucking cat?” Xander asked, watching Jessi hurry to claim the small black creature from Darian. 
“The cat doesn’t treat women like toilet paper,” Jessi snapped.
“Wanna tell me who blew up my condo, Ms. Thursday?”
Her mouth dropped open. 
“Nice necklace,” Darian said, before she recovered enough to respond. He smiled at the small woman who reached for the cat and handed it over. “I hope it didn’t cost you too much.”
“Only what remained of my self-respect,” she replied. 
Darian laughed. Damian, however, was watching Xander with familiar caution. 
“Jessi, have you ever seen Xander tear out anyone’s throat?” Damian asked.
Xander didn’t flinch. 
“No.” Jessi’s voice was hushed. “I know he can. I saw him kill three people.”
“He can level a city and walk away without caring about anyone who got hurt. He’s done it before. He creates the parasites that are vamps, which then kill humans. There is no mercy or compassion in this creature.”
Xander felt Jessi’s gaze on him. 
“You don’t know exactly what he’s capable of, of how deep that evil runs,” Damian added.
There was a tense pause. Xander wasn’t certain what Jessi might be thinking. Darian was watching her hard while Damian held Xander’s gaze.
“If he’s so bad, why haven’t you killed him?” Jessi asked at last. 
Xander smiled. Damian raised an eyebrow and turned to gaze down at the woman.
“I’m not defending him, by any means,” she continued. “But really, if someone isn’t salvageable, I don’t think your … people would tolerate him or warn him or help me when I’m associated with him.”
“You’re a different matter,” Damian replied, gaze flickering to his brother. “The smaller they are, the feistier.”
“No, I’m pretty sure they’re all feisty,” Darian said.
She rolled her eyes at them. By the long, considering look she then gave Xander, she was trying to figure out what to do. The Gods now knew Xander’s intention of claiming her; what they couldn’t know was that he was also prepared to walk away, if she made the wrong decision. 
If she made the wrong choice, there would be nothing standing between him and the will of those who wanted to cause irreparable harm to the human world. The Others wouldn’t spare the realm in their attempt to destroy their enemies, and Jonny wasn’t yet able to grasp his role in the mess. 
Xander understood how dangerous of a weapon he was; Eden exploited it once before. He hadn’t told Jessi the entire truth about the gem. It wasn’t a weapon; it was a key. He was the weapon. He was entrusting her with more than his only treasure.
No part of him regretted it. He didn’t understand why, when she was so torn about what to do. 
Xander’s gaze dropped to the red bauble at her chest. As much as he hated the idea of being cornered, he began to think there was no walking away.
“Others did this, ikir,” Charles reported. 
“Not surprised,” Damian said. “They’ve been at your heels for a few weeks, Xander.”
“What are Others?” Jessi asked.
“Really bad guys. Ones even Xander can’t face alone,” Damian replied. “They’re almost untraceable and have even showed up at our compound in Texas. Charles and I can track them, and I can fight them.”
“I thought Xander could battle anything.”
“I kill Others. It’s my specialty,” Darian replied. “Xander probably could, but it might destroy mankind.” He laughed again. 
Jessi appeared horrified. Xander winked at her. She definitely seemed to be thinking twice about sleeping with him. 
“I’m not feeling so well,” she said. 
Xander saw the subtle signal Damian gave his brother. Darian glanced at Xander, a look of warning or challenge in his gaze. Xander didn’t move as the Grey God took Jessi’s arm. 
“Wanna see my cat?” Darian asked. “She’s in Texas, with your cousins.”
Jessi appeared ready to refuse, until her cousins were mentioned. She accompanied Darian. Damian waited for the two to Travel before turning his attention back to Xander. 
“Are you turning her over to us?” Damian asked, crossing his arms.
“Depends on her,” Xander replied.
“Always a gentleman.”
“I didn’t survive this long by letting people fuck me over.”
“I’d believe you, if Sofi hadn’t told me to look beyond the obvious with you,” Damian continued. 
“Damn oracle.” Xander’s menacing growl came from low in his chest.
“On that point, we agree,” Damian said. “Of course, she said nothing else, which leaves me in a position I don’t like. I can assume you’ll do what you need to and contact me if needed, or I can interfere now and take something I’m not sure I should.”
Xander listened, unaccustomed to being told what to do in a world where he did what he wanted. 
“I won’t put three Naturals at risk of dealing with Jonny on their own. We figured out the girl can Travel, and I have a feeling I know where she’s headed, if she gets the chance,” Damian added.
“She’d make a shitty vamp,” Xander said with a shrug. Silently, he acknowledged that he was a fool to lower his guard around the teens and their cousin, to the point he recognized Ashley the first time he saw her but didn’t check her mind. He knew there was a connection between Ashley and Jonny. He assumed it extended no farther than the Black God using Ashley to get to Jessi. That the godling with the hormones of a teen might have more of an interest in the girl never crossed Xander’s mind.
“You’re a fan of choices.” Damian gave a trace of a smile. “Choose. We deal with this together, or I tell Darian not to bring your woman back from Texas.”
“You can keep the woman. Just send back the necklace,” Xander said, chuckling. 
Damian cocked his head to the side. Rather than piss off the White God, Xander sensed he’d walked into a trap of some sort. Damian appeared pensive. He wrestled with himself silently for a moment – or maybe with the Oracle, who no doubt was able to talk to him mentally – then stepped back and threw open his arms. 
“You’re welcome to visit whenever you’d like,” the White God said, smiling in a way that made Xander wary.
The Oracle had to have told her husband something. The White God didn’t invite the Original Vamp into his home out of a sense of kindness or moral obligation. 
“There will come a day when standing back to watch someone else fuck up won’t work out for you,” Damian added. “You might have to leave that safe corner where you’ve spent your life.” 
His piece said, the White God left.
Xander’s gaze remained where the White God had been. Charles was a short distance away, alert. 
Xander stayed in place for awhile, gaze on the scene at the building. The Others had managed to disintegrate his condo without a hint of damage elsewhere. There was a slim chance they might’ve succeeded in making him disappear as well, had he been there. He lived through his fair share of encounters with the creatures over his lifetime. They’d have to confront him at some point, especially if they hoped to use the necklace.
No, obliterating the apartment was a message. They tracked him quietly and now were making it clear they meant business. Jessi had the necklace and was safe with the Guardians, which left Xander free to hunt Others with Charles.
Everything was as it should be. Except that he wasn’t happy with the way things were. The idea of spending the day with a vamp instead of Jessi was unappealing. He was edgy already. More than that, he felt … off. He would never admit that the White God was right aloud, but he began to think he already left his safe corner by placing his fate in Jessi’s hands.
“Ready to kill some Others?” Darian asked, reappearing.
Xander studied the wily Grey God, aware of Darian’s reputation for having a wild streak that bordered on suicidal. 
“Fair warning. I won’t save your ass, just because your woman is pregnant,” Xander said. 
“I won’t save your ass, just because your woman likes cats.” 
Xander laughed. He respected the Grey God, even if he didn’t always like him. If Darian was surprised Xander knew about the baby, he didn’t show it.
“Let’s go,” Xander said. “I’m in a mood to kill everything I see.”
“Want me to disable them for you or do you plan on letting them tear you apart?”
“Grab ‘em and toss ‘em back.”
“Charles! Find us some Others,” Darian called to the vamp.
The immortal Tracker went still for a long moment. Xander watched him. Darian was armed with knives and a short sword for the hunt; Xander used nothing but his hands and fangs. 
Facing the ocean, Charles waved them over. He held out a hand to Darian, who in turn held his fist out to Xander. Xander bumped fists with him. He was swept away by the magic of Charles, who guided them to where the Others were.
They were somewhere close; Xander smelled the ocean without seeing it. An abandoned factory was before them, the gates on it locked while the surrounding buildings reflected the same rundown condition. 
“Two,” Charles said, pointing to the factory.
“Did Jenn tell you, or did you pry it out of her head?” Darian asked finally. 
“Pried it out, same as you.”
Xander smiled to himself. The vicious strike of Darian’s sword against the rusted chain of the fence was enough to show Xander he was right about the Grey God not taking Jenn’s deception well. Of course, Xander now understood the frustration of knowing something was wrong without knowing exactly what.
He trailed the Grey God into the building. Darian proceeded without apparent caution while Xander’s sensitive gaze took in their surroundings. His senses were at their max. Only a mistake would give the Others away and might be all that stood between life and death.
“What’s up with the vamp-cat?” Darian asked, hacking a lock off another door and flinging it open.
“Long story.”
“I’m listening.” 
“My assistant decided she wanted to turn a cat into a vampire. She couldn’t do it, so I did.”
“Is your assistant a vamp?”
“She wants to be and decided to experiment one day.”
Darian chuckled. “So you saved the cat.”
“I know when and where to use my strength,” Xander replied. He heard the brush of skin against metal, as if someone had Traveled to a spot with tighter quarters than expected. He looked towards the sound and raised his eyebrows. Darian saw and altered their path.
“What’s with the girl?” Darian whispered. They moved between the rusted equipment stealthily. 
Xander said nothing. 
“I guess the necklace says it all.” The Grey God glanced over his shoulder, a curious smile on his face. “I figured you’d want someone like Jenn: More likely to stand a chance if she fought you.”
“Jessi doesn’t need weapons,” Xander replied. He, too, wasn’t expecting the one woman he might consider for more than one night to be like Jessi. Sharp, sweet and innocent. 
Darian was right; his mate, Jenn, was able to fend for herself in the Black God’s lair. Jessi wouldn’t last two seconds with Jonny or a vamp that was serious about hurting her. Xander should’ve been irritated about her co-dependence. Instead, he almost felt the need to wrap his arms around her to protect her.
If they survived whatever was going on.
“Got one!” Darian said.
Thoughts shifting to the task at hand, Xander stepped back to watch the Grey God do his job.

Chapter Fourteen

Jessi broke away from her excited cousins for a breather. She exited the main house where the White God’s family lived and looked around, uncertain where to go. The indirect light of the late afternoon sun was hot without being overbearing, like it would be in a few months. She shielded her eyes and went to a paddock connected to a small barn. 
The collection of animals included a donkey, horse, ostrich and a llama, all of which were either relaxing in the shade or inside the barn. Jessi leaned against the fence. A grumpy meow drew her gaze to Xander’s cat, who rubbed its face against her leg.
“You seem to be doing okay here,” she said. It sat at her feet and stared at the llama approaching the fence.
Like the vamp-cat, Jessi’s cousins had gone from panicked at being kidnapped in the middle of the night to content on the compound. She had hoped it solved all her issues.
Jonny’s texts, however, told her otherwise. He was insistent on meeting with her as planned. Or else he’d send in someone who could move under the senses of the Guardians.
Others. Creatures Darian said really were able to appear here. 
She re-read the last note from Jonny.
You come, with or without the gem. Your life in exchange for your cousins.
There wasn’t a choice to make; she’d do anything for them. She put her phone away. Unable to focus on anything, Jessi found herself almost too drained to remember the name of the Guardian who approached her.
Oracle, she reminded herself.
“I brought you some tea,” Sofi said, handing her a mug. 
“Thanks,” Jessi murmured. She accepted it and sniffed. Peppermint. 
“You hanging in there?” 
“I’m not really sure.”
Sofi smiled, blue-silver eyes going to the llama that stuck its face between the wooden planks of the fence.
Jessi studied her, nervous around the woman who read her entire life the last time they interacted. 
“How is your um, self-defense training going?” she asked.
“Awful,” Sofi said. “I don’t do violence.”
“Really? You’re married to someone who kills vampires for a living.”
“The White God doesn’t define who I am,” Sofi said firmly. “I remind him of that regularly.”
Jessi smiled, enjoying Sofi’s spunk despite her creepy fortunetelling abilities.  
“I imagine it’s the same with Xander,” Sofi added. 
“Ugh,” Jessi replied with a grimace. “I don’t want to talk about it.”
“You’re here. You’re not leaving the Guardians. You might as well talk about it.”
Jessi sighed and leaned her chin on the railing. There were no two thoughts in agreement about anything regarding Xander.
“Or don’t. Whatever,” Sofi said, amused. 
“What’s with the bad blood between you two?”
“He’s got bad blood with everyone. In any case, I kicked his ass, and he never forgave me.”
Jessi laughed, looking over the tiny blonde woman. Petite with cool beauty, Sofi appeared delicate, until she spoke. She seemed proud of herself for outmaneuvering Xander, a sentiment Jessi readily understood.
“Not sure he knows what to do with me, either,” Jessi admitted. 
“I don’t care what that man wants,” Sofi returned. “What do you want?”
“I’ll settle for all of us making it through the weekend,” Jessi joked.
Sofi eyed her. “Guilty conscience?”
“What? No. Maybe.” Jessi fingered the gem around her neck, troubled. “Okay, so yes, a little. But I don’t know why.”
“I understand how difficult it is to fall for someone so outside the norm, you feel like you’re going crazy. You can’t fully make that decision, until you’re willing to accept that all this” Sofi waved her hand around the compound “is your new place in life and that for some reason, you belong with a freak of nature of a man.”
“Is this supposed to be a pep talk?”
“Sort of.” Sofi smiled wryly. “It’s hard for me, because I like you, and I don’t like Xander. The selfish side of me wants to tell you to get away from him, because I want him to suffer.”
Jessi met the Oracle’s gaze curiously. 
“The rational side of me realizes it’s more important I win the bet I have with him than see him suffer.” 
“Omigod,” Jessi chuckled. “You’re a riot, Sofi. Is he that bad?”
Sofi hesitated. “Yes and no. Our disagreement is mainly personal. He wanted to kill me, and I blackmailed him into saving me instead. He’s capable of great violence, but he doesn’t act indiscriminately. If he wanted, he could’ve ruled the earth by now. It’s not his thing, though, so he’s basically taken on the role of a reluctant protector. He helps keep the Gods and the other immortals – known as Others and Watchers – in check, but I don’t think he likes it.”
“Why?”
“It’s one of the many reasons I don’t trust him. I don’t know.” Sofi shrugged. “His future is hazy, hard for me to See. I Saw that you would appear, but it was more of a feeling than a vision. I couldn’t see your face or what happens.”
She fell quiet. Jessi was pensive.
“I feel like I’ve really screwed up,” she said. “The kids, Jonny, Xander. I can’t fix it.”
“Sometimes the test you think life is handing you isn’t exactly what it seems,” Sofi said. “I don’t know for certain. I can’t always See with clarity, especially when Xander is involved.”
“His vamp vibes interfere with your crystal ball?”
“Something like that.”
Jessi sipped her tea. Sweet, minty and warm, it was comforting at a time when she felt rattled. Jonny had texted her twice already today, asking if she planned on meeting him tomorrow. She hadn’t responded. Her first instinct was to tell him to go to hell, now that her cousins were safe.
It didn’t seem smart to provoke the Black God or the Others, who were working together to get the necklace. She was debating whether there was a polite way to tell him she was done with his game and how likely he was to stalk her and the cousins, until he got what he wanted.
After all, the power to control a world was at stake. She had nothing to offer him to curb whatever ambition he had. They’d have to hide forever and hope he never had the chance to snatch her cousins. 
“Did the cousins tell you they were tested?” The White God’s voice made her turn.
He greeted his small wife with a kiss on top of her head and wrapped his arms around her. She rested back against him, smiling. 
“Tested for what?” Jessi asked. 
“Every Natural has a talent. Your cousins are Naturals, too,” Damian explained. “We test them to see what the talent is and where to assign them.”
“They aren’t leaving me!”
“No, no,” Sofi said. “We’re not taking them away. They can go where they want.” She looked up at her husband pointedly.
“Yes, kiri. We are the kinder, gentler Guardians of humanity,” he said, grunting. “Guardians normally are assigned where we need them. I’ve discovered that the latest batch of Naturals prefer not to be told what to do.”
“So you can stay together as long as you want,” Sofi said. “Based on their talents, they’ll have options to work with the Guardians, depending on what their skills are.”
“After college,” Jessi said. “What are their talents?”
“Ashley can Travel between places. She’s also got a knack for weapons. I think she’ll end up as a Warrior,” Damian answered.
“The girl who cries when she chips a nail is going to fight vampires?”
“That’ll change,” Damian said, smiling. “Brandon was hard for us to determine. I think he’s got your gift of stealth. It’ll make him an invaluable asset. We can teach him to fight and send him in to spy, since our enemies won’t be able to sense him or access his mind.”
Sofi elbowed him.
“But only if you agree,” Damian added. 
“I wanted them to become like, accountants or doctors or something,” Jessi admitted. 
“Our cause is much better, and the benefits are guaranteed for life.”
Jessi said nothing for a long moment. “It’s up to them. Brandon is eighteen, and Ashley will be soon. They’re old enough to decide. I guess.” If she didn’t make it through the weekend, they’d need to make their own choices anyway. “What about me? I’m a little too old to teach to fight.”
“That’s up to Xander.”
“Up to Xander?” she demanded, planting her hands on her hips. “No part of my life is up to him!”
“You tell him, Jessi,” Sofi said with a smile. “Maybe this kind of revenge really is better.”
 “The bad thing about being mated to an Oracle – you never know what she’s plotting.” Damian’s look at the woman in his arms was wary this time.
Jessi hid a smile. The couple before her had found a way to make it work despite their differences. She wasn’t so certain she and Xander had a chance, though, especially with Jonny waiting to pounce. 
Did she want a chance with him? Grappling with the answer was almost as troubling as dealing with Jonny. Xander was probably done with her anyway, after getting what he wanted.
“I want to take you somewhere,” Damian said.
She looked up at him once more then at Sofi, who was frowning.
“It won’t be pretty, but you need to understand.”
Dread was at the base of her stomach. Damian released his wife. She stood on her tiptoes to kiss him lightly then turned to Jessi and took the mug. 
Damian extended a hand to Jessi. With a sigh, Jessi gripped his and braced herself. The Traveling was quick and transported them from the quiet, dry heat of Texas to the heavy, warm ocean air. She opened her eyes and looked around, not recognizing the decrepit factory. She heard what sounded like mini-explosions and fighting. Purple light arced through the broken glass windows, high above.
“Where are we?” she asked uneasily.
“I want you to see Xander in action,” Damian said. “You can’t be a part of his world, unless you understand what he is.”
“You want me not to be with him,” she assessed.
“I want you to make an informed decision. There is no part of me that believes any Natural should be at the mercy of a Vamp.”
Jessi’s heart quickened. Her chest was tight and her breathing quick.
“I also want you to see the Others. They’re the ones who want the necklace you’re wearing. My brother is the only one on the planet who isn’t instantly fried by their magic, which means you’ve got a bigger decision to make. You stay with Xander, you’re both in danger. You stay with us, you’ve got a chance.” Damian was wary and tense, the energy radiating off him charged. 
She swallowed hard.  
He moved away, towards an open door leading into the building. Jessi hurried after him, not wanting to be alone in the scary place. She blinked rapidly to clear her vision as she entered the dark building. Damian was a few feet ahead of her, walking through a second door. When her eyes had adjusted, she followed.
The scene in the next room – an open cavity filled with rusted equipment – baffled her. Men her size hurled strange purple lightening towards Darian. With astonishing agility, the Grey God outmaneuvered lightening, weaving through the bursts of purple fire in a lethal dance. The Other he charged disappeared before he reached him, only to reappear on the other side of the factory floor.
Where Xander snatched the creature by its neck. He lifted it over his shoulders and snapped its body over his knee then flung the man-like creature aside.
Jessi gasped at the effortless display of power. Eyes glued to Xander, she lost track of him in the shadows and returned her attention to Darian, who was tangling with three more Others. He laughed as one zapped him, sending him smashing into one wall. Xander was there, his movement undetectable, unless he wanted to be seen. He yanked the Grey God to his feet, pausing for a moment. Darian’s wounded shoulder healed instantly at Xander’s touch. The vampire slapped the grinning God on the back of the head and shoved him back into the fray.
Darian blocked lightening aimed at the vampire, who disappeared once more into the shadows. The next time he emerged, it was to catch the body of an Other that Darian flung over his head. 
Xander tore out the throat of this one with his fangs, drinking deeply before tossing the body. The next he tore off the head. The fourth, he slammed into the wall with enough force that the creature’s head cracked. 
Jessi held her hands over her mouth, unaccustomed to such violence. By Darian’s occasional laugh and the hungry fire in Xander’s features, they enjoyed killing. She turned away, sickened by the sight of blood. Damian touched her arm, and they were suddenly somewhere else.
Back at the quiet Texas compound, where the early evening and open space made her feel a little less trapped by her situation. Her ears were buzzing, and she fought the urge to throw up.
“Get my point?” Damian asked, not unkindly.
She nodded, sucking in deep breaths. 
“He’s a menace.”
“He helped your brother,” she pointed out. “He’s killing your enemies.”
“You still defending him?”
“No, I …” She sought the words. “What do you want, Damian? For me to be even more terrified than I already am? Not to get involved with him? Or to get involved with him, because he can do such things?”
Damian studied her. 
“It doesn’t matter, because he’s done with me,” she added. She pointed to the necklace. “This is him fucking with me. It’s like a dare. He got what he wanted and is waiting for me to fail his test to take this back.”
“You understand him better than I thought.” Damian was amused. 
Jessi was silent, even more frustrated. Damian thought there was no good to Xander at all, while Sofi grudgingly admitted there might be something more to him. Jessi knew there was, and it bothered her not to understand what exactly that meant for her. 
“I’ll leave you alone for a bit. I’m going for pizza. I’ll call you when it’s ready.”
She definitely couldn’t eat after watching Xander tear apart human-like bodies as if they were paper. Jessi returned to the paddock to watch the animals. 
A chill descended over the desert compound as the sun set. The glowing red eyes of the vamp-cat drew her attention. It settled at her feet.
“Furry little vampire,” she murmured. “That wasn’t wine I was giving you, was it?”
“Vampires drink coffee and blood. I eat raw meat, too, but that’s more a matter of preference.”
She tensed at Xander’s amused growl. “Done killing people?”
“For now.”
Jessi met his gaze. Xander stood a few feet away, tense, but not in the way that scared her. He wasn’t coming closer. She didn’t know if she wanted him to. Was she really a one night stand and science experiment he enjoyed toying with, like she told Damian?
What if she wasn’t? 
“Were you with Damian when he decided to check up on us?” he asked, a note of caution emerging.
Jessi didn’t answer. Xander took a step closer.
“Boundary,” she whispered.
“I’ll take that as a yes.”
“Yes, I was.”
He moved to the fence of the paddock and rested his forearms against the top plank. Jessi relaxed some, leaning against the pole at her side. The scent of oak and amber and his calming presence eased some of her tension while filling her lower belly with fire. The memory of his hands on her body, and his mouth branding her skin, made her ache to feel his touch again. Uncertain how to interpret his quietness, she tried to figure out what to say.
“I don’t know what to think, Xander,” she said. “I don’t know what Damian’s purpose was in showing me … that.”
“If I ever intended to hurt you, I would’ve by now.”
“I know that. I think. It doesn’t mean what I saw you do, what I know you can do, is easy for me to accept.”
“Then don’t.” He was bristling. “You intend to betray me anyway.”
“Yeah. I guess,” she said. “I am sorry about your condo.”
“I’ll get another.”
“Toilet paper,” she muttered. 
“Got plans for tonight?”
“You don’t do reruns,” she said mockingly. 
“I’ll make an exception.”
“Whatever.”
“Coward,” he said, chuckling. 
Jessi’s heart was flipping in her chest, and she was finding it hard to breathe at the thought of a second night with him. It wasn’t all desire; some of it was terror. Not only had he given her the power over the world, but he’d decided he wanted to sleep with her twice. The first woman in his history. 
He wasn’t joking about keeping her. Or killing those who betrayed him. Where exactly did that leave her?
“Maybe I’ve got a hot date with a Guardian,” she said in the terse silence between them.
The moment Xander’s gaze settled on her, she knew she pushed a button she shouldn’t have. The vampire moved towards her.
“That was a joke,” she said and retreated. 
Jessi’s back bumped the railing. Her face was hot, her heart flying. She didn’t know if she was afraid of him – or beyond turned on. 
“You don’t want me, Xander. Not only am I a rerun, but I’ll betray you.”
“That ship is sinking fast, isn’t it?”
“Boundary!” 
“No more boundaries.” He stopped with inches to spare. “What else you got?”
“Two kids,” she retorted desperately. Jessi was embarrassed to feel she was near tears again, as she had been the night before. It wasn’t fear, she realized, but reality. Whatever was between her and Xander, it wasn’t something she was going to be able to walk away from. 
Xander laughed. “Not a deterrent.”
“That’s all I got,” she said, distraught. 
“I made my decision. I want you, Jessi.”
Her words stuck in her throat at his declaration. For a minute, she was too flustered to speak. Finally, she managed a hoarse whisper.
“You won’t just take pity on me and wait to see if we survive the weekend?”
“I don’t do mercy,” he reminded her. 
“Even for me?”
“Especially not for you.”
“That’s not cool.” Jessi breathed in his scent, wanting to feel the safety of his arms once more but torn by her situation. He made his choice. He wanted more than one night with her.
He was making her life hell. She was already too far involved with him, and she couldn’t help wanting so much more.
Hesitantly, she placed a hand on his chest, able to feel his body heat through the thin material of his t-shirt. Xander didn’t move, waiting for her to make a decision she had no control over, not with her body and emotions already firmly on his side.
Jessi leaned against him, resting her cheek against his chest. Xander’s arms circled her. She sighed, tormented and comforted by his presence. His strength and warmth pierced her body, somehow easing the gravity of her world. 
He tipped her chin up. “Easy, right?”
“No,” she whispered. “Hardest thing I’ve ever done.”
“I was beginning to think I’d have to find dinner elsewhere.”
“I swear, Xander!” she snapped, craning her head back to glare at him. 
“There’s the fire,” he said, smiling. “You’re gonna need it tonight.”
Her body flushed hot. Jessi gazed at him, realizing she’d made a choice, whether or not she was ready for the consequences. He kissed her hungrily. She wrapped her arms around his neck and responded with need fed by emotion. Xander slowed the pace as he had the night before, teaching her to savor the sensation of his lips, his flavor and the way his large hands moved over her body, gently guiding her where he wanted her to go. 
With some surprise, she realized they’d Traveled somewhere. He lifted her and placed her on a firm bed. Unable to see anything in the dark place, she almost panicked when the warmth of his body left her.
“Xander?”
“Right here,” he said with gruffness. “Can’t fuck you with clothes on, can I?”
His bluntness struck her as funny. Jessi began laughing, once again not at all certain what she agreed to – or why. 
Or what would happen tomorrow, when she left to meet Jonny.
Her laughter turned quickly to despair. Before she was able to stop herself, she was crying. Xander slid into the bed next to her and gathered her in his arms. The heat of his bare chest beneath her hands and the hardness of his arousal against her belly made need roar to life within her. Unable to control her spinning emotions, she clung to him. Xander fluttered kisses over her face, as gentle with her as he was brutal with the Others she watched him kill.
The contradiction confused her. 
His lips brushed hers lightly. Suddenly, her emotion found an outlet. Sorrow, desire, fear, desperation – all spun and solidified into an ache unlike anything she’d ever experienced. Xander was right; she was drowning, and he was all that kept her from going under.
“I’m in trouble, Xander.”
“No shit.”
Another laugh bubbled.
“You made the hardest choice,” he added softly. “The rest we’ll handle together.”
His words floored her. Jessi wasn’t certain she heard him correctly. His thumbs pushed her tears away. She drew a few shaky breaths to calm herself and then touched his face. 
“So I’m not toilet paper?” she asked, waiting for the crude Xander to respond.
“No.” His hands traveled up her shirt. “Jessi, I need to be inside you. It’s the only way I can feel you.”
“What do you mean?” she whispered, enthralled by the sensations he stirred. His tongue flickered out to her neck, and she instinctively tilted her head, knowing what he wanted.
“I can feel what you feel. It’s a fucking turn on.”
How was he the only part of her world that felt right? He kissed her deeply again, and suddenly, she didn’t care about anything outside of the two of them. 

Chapter Fifteen

Xander wasn’t able to sleep, even after making love to Jessi. He lay on his back, staring into the darkness. Jessi’s arm was across his chest, her face nuzzled in the crook of his neck as she slept. Her warm body was pressed against his, the faint glow of the crystal emanating from its place tangled in her hair.
What bothered him wasn’t the woman in his bed. What bothered him: by making the choice he did, he was faced with a new set of consequences, ones he didn’t quite know how to handle and definitely couldn’t control.
He hated that idea. Regardless, he was doing exactly as Damian – probably with the help of the fucking Oracle – predicted. He was getting ready to leave the fringe where he’d spent his life. No more watching others fuck up, no more walking away. He lived his immortality with no strings attached, before Jessi.
His phone vibrated just as dawn lit the room where he’d taken them. Before the condo, he lived in an apartment closer to the size of Jessi’s. It was still his, a place for him to escape Ingrid and the brightness of his condo. 
Xander reached for the phone. Jessi’s breathing was deep; he’d worn her out and had no fear of her waking up with his quiet movements. The text message was from Jule.
Jonny has Ashley. You’re not handling this one alone.
He glanced at Jessi’s peaceful face, able to appreciate the irony of her situation. The night she surrendered to him finally was the night everything went to shit. He wrapped an arm around her then responded to Jule.
After breakfast. Xander typed. He sent the message and rolled onto his side, drawing Jessi into his body. Her scent and sensation of her warm skin against his was intoxicating. He breathed her in and lowered his head to her neck. She murmured in her sleep when he bit her. Xander drank until the edge of hunger was gone, suspecting the talk they were about to have would force him to find alternate sources for a full meal.
Jessi’s eyes were open when he withdrew. Completely unguarded, her gray eyes were large and clear in the early morning light and her features relaxed. She smiled sleepily at him. Xander smoothed hair from her face and traced his hand down the side of her body before hugging her against him.
His heart was pounding hard, but it wasn’t from desire for once. He didn’t like the feeling at the base of his stomach.
“We need to talk,” he said against her ear. She shivered.
“I know.”
“Your turn.”
Jessi hesitated. Xander waited. 
“Jonny put Ashley in the hospital last weekend. When I went to get her, he was there. He wanted me to steal your necklace. I’m not going to say I laughed, but well…”
“You did,” he said, smiling to himself. 
“Yeah, sorta. So he showed me what he can do.” Jessi was quiet for a moment. “Kind of hard not to agree at that point. I didn’t understand why I had to do it, until you told me that you couldn’t hear my thoughts.”
“How did he know to plant you as my assistant?”
“I think he hacked into Ingrid’s computer and has been waiting for his chance.”
Xander made a mental note to vamp Ingrid none-too-gently, when he finally granted her wish to be a vampire.
“Did he say how he found you?”
“I think he had help,” she said. “The purple people.”
“Others.”
“Yeah. I didn’t know that’s who it was. Jonny took me to meet one who seemed to know a lot about the necklace.”
Original Other. Xander understood why it was that the Others were suddenly targeting him and the power of the gem. The only creatures that knew about his necklace were the Originals. He entered the mortal realm a year before without knowing the fates of any of the other Original Beings, before crossing paths with Jule, the Original Immortal, and Eden, the Original Human. If the Original Other made it, there was a chance the Original Watcher did as well. 
“You were supposed to steal it, or they’d hurt your cousins,” he stated. 
“Yes.” Her whisper was almost too quiet for him to hear. “Ashley’s half in love with Jonny. Jenn took me to Texas the other day at the mall. I figured as long as my cousins were there, I’d figure out what to do when Jonny came for me.”
Xander suspected Damian was right; Jonny didn’t have to kidnap Ashley. She walked straight into the Black God’s arms.
“And then there was you,” Jessi finished with a sigh of either frustration or defeat. “Weird how things turn out, isn’t it?”
“It’s not over yet,” he warned.
She shifted, pushing herself up on her elbow to gaze into his eyes. He held her gaze for a long moment, not wanting the moment to end. Her features were as soft as her skin, her displaced curls everywhere. She traced the lines of his face, openly admiring.
“Jessi.” He took the hand whose fingers were lightly traveling his face. “I need to tell you something.”
“What?” She frowned at his tone, studying him. “You’re against reruns now?”
“You’re not getting rid of me that easily,” he assured her. “It’s about Ashley.”
She froze. After a surprised silence, fear crossed her features.
“Jonny?” she managed.
“Yeah.”
The color drained from her face a moment before she panicked. “It’s my fault. What am I doing here instead of making sure Jonny can’t get to her? I have to find her!” She pushed at him, trying to get free.
“Quiet,” he said softly, holding her tighter.
“No, Xander! I have to find Jonny.”
He rolled her onto her back, using his body to still her movements. She was shaking beneath him. With a frustrated groan, she stopped fighting. 
“Xander!” her voice cracked with emotion, and tears were in her eyes.
“Two things.” He kept his voice calm and level. “One, you are not tracking down Jonny. Two, there are two people on this planet who can get her back. I’m one. The other is in Texas, waiting for us to show up.”
She listened, though the edge of hysteria was in her gaze. He smoothed away the tears and kissed her, drawing her far enough into his influence to calm her. When her shock wore off, she responded timidly. Her heart was slamming fast and hard against her chest. Xander felt her yield and lifted his head. 
“My Ashley,” she murmured.
“I’ll get her back. You calm enough to deal with this shit?”
She swallowed hard and nodded. Xander brushed his lips across hers once more then eased off her. He held out a hand to help her out of bed.
They dressed in silence. Jessi’s hands visibly shook, and he reached out to her, taking the hair band she was trying to use on her hair. She wiped her face. He gently pulled her hair back and wrapped the scrunchie around a low ponytail.
“Thank you,” she said. “I’m so sorry about all this, Xander.”
“Why are you sorry?”
“I dragged you into this. And my cousins, and now –“
“I can toss you back in bed and wear you out until you calm down,” he interrupted. 
Her gaze flew up to his, interest flaring in her eyes a moment before she shook her head.
“Ashley is at the mercy of some sadistic psycho and you’re …” she drifted off, realization crossing her face.
He slapped her hard on the ass.
“I hate that,” she muttered. 
Xander chuckled and held out his hand. She took it readily, and he pulled her into his body for a quick kiss before he Traveled. 
They arrived at the paddock where he found her last night. His senses picked up on the Guardians and Gods gathered in the red barn. 
“You ready for this?” he asked her. 
Jessi swiped away her tears and drew a deep breath. She took his hand with both of hers and nodded. Xander walked with her towards the barn. Brandon was pacing outside the entrance, as if waiting for them. He stopped at their approach. His jaw was ticking, his eyes rimmed with red.
“Are you okay, Brandon?” Jessi asked. She hurried the last few steps to him and flung her arms around him.
The worried teen hugged her tight, more tears forming. Xander headed into the barn, giving them some space. Damian, his three brothers, Charles and Jenn were all gathered in the barn, along with his least favorite Natural, Sofi. She raised an eyebrow at him, and he growled in response. Eden smiled from her spot a few feet from the others.
“I was explaining why we can’t trade your crystal,” Jule started in the tense silence. 
“Not the best idea,” Xander agreed. “Think I figured out who’s after it. Jule, Eden and I aren’t alone.”
They waited with visible caution. Xander was tempted to leave, simply so he could handle this the way he would, if Jessi wasn’t involved.
“I don’t want the Originals fucking up my world.” Damian’s tone was dangerous. “Especially knowing you all can’t directly fight one another.”
“Balance of power,” Jule said.
“Jonny’s the key,” Xander said. “If he pushes back, the Original Other won’t have the luxury of options for taking the gem.”
“The kid isn’t going to push anyone,” said Dusty, Damian’s operations director for the Western Hemisphere. Dusty’s wife was the sister of Jonny, making him the brother with the most personal connection to the Black God. 
“Unless he has a reason to,” Xander pointed out. “Ashley didn’t just happen to know where to go.”
“She’s caught in the crossfire,” Damian said. “Or no?”
“Jonny hasn’t killed her type since he crossed over. He’s got an interest in her.”
“The kid’s half-hormones, half-vamp,” Jenn seconded. “Definitely likes brunettes.”
“We’re working together on this issue, right?” Damian asked.
No one said anything. Xander considered. 
The soft click of the door closing announced Jessi and Brandon. Brandon was all but clinging to his cousin, whose gray eyes were taking in the group uneasily.
“Why wouldn’t we?” Jessi’s tone carried a puzzled note. “We’re going to get Ashley back.” 
“You? No,” Jule told her. “We’ll handle it.”
“You, no,” she echoed, fire flashing in her gaze. She rested a hand on her hip. “If I’m not mistaken, I’ve got the magical power of stealth mode.” She said the last two words with open skepticism. “It counts for something, doesn’t it?”
“We don’t send defenseless Naturals to face the Black God,” Dusty replied. 
“I really don’t care. He’s expecting to meet me.”
“You wanna talk your girl off this crazy idea?” Damian asked Xander.
“You wanna remind your friend I have a means of contacting Jonny and he’s expecting to hear from me?” Jessi crossed her arms. 
Jenn hid a sudden laugh behind a cough while Sofi smiled. 
It didn’t take Xander long to realize he had a much larger issue than Ashley. Jessi wasn’t going to stand on the sideline when it came to her cousin. He didn’t want her anywhere near the Original Other or Jonny but was almost certain she’d figure out how to get herself in the middle somehow.
“Jessi helps,” he said at last. 
Damian frowned. 
“Thank you,” she said.
I need a distraction, he told Jenn through her mind.
The Guardian eyed him. 
“Phone, Jessi. I know you talk to him via texts,” Xander said, holding out his hand to the woman beside him.
She looked up at him, hesitating as she searched his gaze. Relenting, she dug the phone from her pocket and placed it in his hand. 
Darian shifted and glanced at Jenn then Jessi. Xander sensed the silent communication.
“We need to break for a few minutes,” Darian said. “Meet up in ten to come up with a plan?”
“Sure,” Damian said, eyes on his brother. “We’ll set up a meeting with Jonny in the meantime.”
Xander tossed him the cell, and Darian strode out of the barn. Jessi turned to Xander expectantly, concern on her face. 
“Jessi, want me to show you around?” Jenn asked.
“One sec, Jenn. Do you have a plan?” Jessi asked Xander.
His gaze went to the red gem between her breasts. 
“Too late to back out now,” she hissed.
“You make that choice yet?” 
Jessi gazed at him. He saw the doubt and was stung by it. Xander didn’t say what he wanted, that he took a chance on Jessi, but she hadn’t yet decided to take one on him. 
“Boundary,” she whispered.
“Wrong fucking answer.”
“I’m sorry, Xander.” She turned to face the door. “Yes, Jenn, I’m ready.”
Xander watched her go, fury and frustration within him. He didn’t know if he could save Ashley, but he was the best choice Jessi had. She knew more about him than anyone else ever had – and still rejected him.
His only solace: she was worried about Ashley. He got it, even if he didn’t like it. Even if she was fucking wrong.
The three of them left. 
“What the fuck just happened?” Dusty demanded when the door closed.
Xander glanced down at the smart phone in his hands. He slid his thumb across the screen to unlock it. With a sinking feeling, he realized he’d guessed right. Jessi didn’t trust anyone – even him – to help her. Anger trickled into him. 
“I think I know.” Damian’s eyes were on him.
Xander dropped the phone and crushed it with his foot.
“Yeah, I know. X’s woman just pulled the wool over his eyes.”
“When this is over …” he growled.
“Sounds like the plan just got easy,” Jule said grimly. “Follow Jessi. You still have her tagged, Xander?”
“You GPS-tagged your mate?” Dusty almost cracked a smile. “Are you stalking her?”
“The opposite. Making sure she’s not sneaking up behind me to kill me,” Xander said and removed his cell from his jeans.
“You can’t sense her either. Interesting,” Damian said. “Definitely a skill I look forward to honing in Brandon.”
“If Jesse agrees. Otherwise, you risk fucking with me.” Xander opened the program that allowed him to track the GPS markers he planted in Jessi’s belongings. Several were in Southern California while two blue dots – the one in her cell phone and the other in a shoe – appeared on the map in Texas.
When he glanced up, the three brothers were staring at him in various stages of amusement. Jule smiled. Damian was cautiously entertained while the corner of Dusty’s lips curved up. Xander was surprised to find he didn’t give a shit how funny they found it that he was openly claiming Jessi. Eden grinned.
He had left his corner. He wasn’t going back to it, where she was concerned. Whether or not she knew it, she was his, the second woman in his life he was allowing into his world.
“She really got to you,” Jule said, shaking his head.
“It’s one thing, when you can put someone yelling at you to sleep. Quite another, when you have to deal with it,” Xander replied.
“Thank god I don’t deal with that shit,” Dusty said.
“Your wife has the ultimate trump card, Dusty,” Jule pointed out. “She’ll run to her dear brother, the Black God, who will crush you.”
“No worse than a mate who turns all the food in the house into dog treats when she gets pissed at you,” Dusty shot back. 
“I deserved that one,” Jule admitted.
“I didn’t.”
“Yeah, well, I got all of you beat,” Damian said. “Oracle.”
No one spoke, and Xander growled. The blue dots in Texas disappeared, drawing his attention to the phone in his hand.
“She’s on the move,” he said, anger settling in his blood as he realized his newest challenge was going to be much more than he bargained for. 
“Tell me where she lands,” Dusty directed and whipped out his phone. “I’ll rally the stations in the area. Headed to the ops center.”
“Jule, you’re with Xander and Darian. Find that Original Other,” Damian said. “I’ll be heading to see Jonny shortly. Dusty, is Bianca available to put us back together again?”
“Yep.”
“Yully’s on standby, too,” Jule said. “She’ll give us boosts as needed.”
Xander listened, uneasy at the thought of the Guardians and Gods he despised helping him with his issue. Logically, he understood they were needed, but it didn’t make things feel better. Bianca, Dusty’s mate, was a Healer of extraordinary power, who had turned her brother from a vamp into a human again at one point. Jule’s mate, Yully, was known as the Magician and the first to kill an Other. Able to draw off the magic of those around her, she could amplify and redirect it. She was also able to turn objects into something else, a rare talent.
“Alright,” Xander said grudgingly. “We do this, and you get the fuck out of my hair.”
“Deal,” Damian replied. 



Jessi opened her eyes, still weirded out by the idea of moving between places without moving at all. Jenn released her hand, and she looked around at her apartment.
“I might be a few minutes,” Jessi said. “I’ve gotta get stuff for Brandon and Ash, too. You’re welcome to make yourself at home.”
Jenn’s eyes were roving the apartment, as if she expected vampires to leap from the shadows. She gave a brisk nod to indicate she heard. 
Jessi went to Ashley’s bedroom. She closed the door as quietly as she could and locked it. Heart pounding hard, she sat on the bed and pulled out her cell phone.
It wasn’t going to take Xander long to figure out she’d tricked him. He’d realize she was about to betray him, then come to kill her. 
After making love to her with such tenderness and passion. Her heart and stomach both fluttered. The man who tore people in two had been beyond gentle with her, savoring every inch of her body, as if he was trying to memorize everything about her. She was more than a one-night stand or a rerun. The choice he made had been to keep her, despite knowing what she was capable of doing to him. 
She gazed around Ashley’s room, her fear and sorrow so deep, they hurt. Posters of teen pop stars populated her cousin’s wall. A white desk crammed in a corner was covered with teen magazines, and a box of beads had spilled and scattered a rainbow across the carpet. Normally, Jessi would groan at the mess in the teen’s room. Today, she’d give anything just to have Ashley back, no matter how long it took her to fix the vacuum cleaner after it choked on the beads. 
Toying with the necklace, Jessi tried hard to quell her panic. She wasn’t entirely certain what to do, how to keep the gem and Ashley safe. She hesitated a moment longer then texted Jonny.
Got the necklace. Come get me. Ashley’s room.
She swallowed hard and set down the phone. Her eyes lingered on Ashley’s precious beads. Too nervous, Jessi instinctively knelt on the floor beside the overturned box and began collecting the small treasures. She fingered a bracelet Ashley started. The pang of worry that hit her was so sharp, she gasped.
Tears made the rainbow double. Jessi carefully placed Ashley’s project in a corner of the box, praying her cousin was alive to finish it one day. She grabbed a handful of beads and dumped them into the bin, stopping when the flash of red caught her attention.
Jessi dug out the round, flat red crystal. She pulled Xanders’s from around her neck and compared them. Side-by-side, they didn’t look much alike: his was a deep, rich ruby hue with a faint glow. Ashley’s bead was lighter red in color, its surface glazed to give it a subtle reflecting quality. Their sizes were similar, though. 
Jessi’s eyes went to the box again. Struck by an idea, she piled all the beads into the box before unfastening the clasp on Xander’s necklace. She pushed his crystal into the bottom of the container then strung Ashley’s crystal onto the cord. Replacing it around her neck, she tucked it into her shirt. 
No one who knew the crystal would fall for it, but maybe it would buy her time to figure out a better plan. 
She purposely didn’t think about what Xander was going to do when he realized the phone she gave him wasn’t the correct one. Or that she’d taken off the gem. Or that she was asking Jonny to come get her.
Xander made love to her like she was the only one in his world of disposable girls. Knowing what he was, why did the thought of betraying him hurt her?
Jessi tucked the box under the bed and sat nervously, waiting for Jonny. At last, he texted.
On my way.
She almost sighed. With a nervous glance at the locked door, she began to realize this was probably not a day she’d live to see the end of. If she was able to save Ashley, though …
If.
Jonny materialized a few seconds later. Almost instantly, the door bucked, as if Jenn was trying to get in. He held out his hand to Jessi, and she took it. Snapping her eyes closed, she held her breath, until the Black God released her.
She stood in the center of what looked like a ski lodge with one massive wall of windows overlooking the mountains. A large, iron chandelier hung from the rafters of an A-frame roof high above. The foyer extended from the front door to the windows, with multiple hallways and a stairway running deeper into the place.
The unmistakable red eyes of vampires made her gasp. There were five in the foyer, men whose eyes glowed red like Xander’s. Jonny left her in front of the windows and strode towards one hallway.
“Where’s Ashley?” she called after him.
“Safe. Come on.”
The vampires nearest her were growling. Jessi hurried after the Black God, following him into a narrow hallway and what looked like an operations center of some sort. Rows of computers and monitors lined the room. He pointed for her to stay where she was in the doorway then motioned someone over.
A vamp approached with the type of wand security personnel at airports used. 
“Checking to see if Xander GPS-tagged you,” Jonny said, standing aside.
The vamp waved it over her, and the tool lit up over her pocket. He reached into it roughly and yanked out her phone, tossing it to Jonny. The device lit up once more at her feet.
“Shoes off,” Jonny ordered.
Jessi obeyed. Her fear was growing. 
“Take these somewhere far from here,” Jonny told the vamp, handing over the shoes and cell.
She watched the creature take her only hope of being found by Xander away. Jonny gripped her arm, and she barely closed her eyes before his familiar fire flew through her. This time, when he released her, she didn’t know where she was.
The warehouse was empty. Concrete floors were cool beneath her bare feet, and the perimeter was lit by dim lighting. 
“How did you know he tagged me?” she asked uneasily.
“I learned a few things from him,” Jonny replied. “Ashley’s here.”
Jessi’s pulse surged, and she trotted after him. He led her out of the open bay into an office area. A television played somewhere, and light outlined the frame of one door. Jonny opened it to reveal a comfortable looking room with a plush couch set, rugs to cover the concrete floors, and television lighting the room. A door in one wall was open to reveal the white porcelain sink of a bathroom, and the wall opposite the TV held a kitchenette.
Jessi went to the couch, expecting to see her cousin lying there watching TV, as she did at home.
Ashley wasn’t in the room, though Jessi recognized some of her cousin’s things: a pink cell phone charger, a backpack that yawned open to reveal clothes, the stack of colorful beaded bracelets on the arm of the couch.
Jonny closed the door behind her and locked it. 
“What’s going on?” Jessi asked uneasily. “Where’s Ashley?”
“She’s nearby,” he answered vaguely. “You have the stone?”
“I’m wearing it.”
“Okay. Hand it over.”
“Um, I don’t think you want me to do that.”
He looked at her hard.
“I’m not being difficult,” she rushed on. “Xander said only he and I can touch it. I guess it has some sort of spell on it that will um, kinda kill anyone else.”
Jonny studied her for a long minute. “Can you activate it?”
“I have no idea how to do that.”
He frowned, thoughtful. “I take it Xander does.”
“I assume so.” She studied him apprehensively, reminded of her cousins, when they were caught up in some sort of drama. She had long since learned that trying to talk them down didn’t really work. “So … do you have a plan or are you just winging this whole thing? Because I pissed him off, and I know he’s coming to get his necklace back.”
Jonny’s eyes dropped from her to the crystal at her chest. 
“I don’t think removing my GPS tracking will dissuade him for long.”
“Fuck.” The Black God began pacing. “I need that gem!”
“Can I see Ashley while you figure this out?”
He hesitated.
“I promise not to run or anything,” she added. “I mean, I can’t really go anywhere anyway.”
His eyes were on the crystal. 
Absolute power, Xander had said. She understood why Jonny might want it but not why he seemed so uncertain. At least he wasn’t calling her bluff.
Yet.
“I’ll bring her here,” he replied. 
Without another word, he disappeared. 
Jessi looked around for a phone or window. The room held neither. She went to the door quickly, terrified he would return and think she meant to escape. The door was locked from the outside, bolted shut. She didn’t know where she was, not even what state.
Retreating to the center of the room, she tried to think instead of outright panicking. First things first: her feet were freezing. She rifled through Ashley’s backpack, aware the teen never went anywhere overnight without three pairs of shoes. A pair of ballet flats caught her attention, and Jessi pulled them on.
Her attention shifted to the room again. There was no way out and no way to contact anyone. Of course, she no longer had anyone to contact, now that Xander was out to make her number seven.
Her pacing ceased, her throat tightening at the thought of spurning him. 
She didn’t want to fail his test. She wanted a chance with him.
Jessi rubbed her face. A relationship with a vampire? It wasn’t something that could ever be. He didn’t tolerate betrayal, and she’d walked out on him. 
You made the hardest choice. The rest we’ll handle together.
The memory of the words and how sweet he was last night made her ache, as much because she turned her back on him as it was because she wanted to feel his naked body against hers. 
“You are nearly impossible to find.”
She turned at the voice. The man with translucent skin and purple eyes – the one Jonny hadn’t exactly greeted with open arms – stood a few feet away.
“Jonny’s coming back,” she heard herself saying, uncertain how the teen god with a penchant for breaking arms was less of a threat than this man.
Others, she recalled. Creatures no one she’d met yet spoke well of. 
“Then we better leave now.”
The response chilled her. Jessi retreated, putting the couch between them. 
“I’m, um, kind of waiting for someone,” she hedged.
“Xander is part of my plan.”
“What do you mean?”
“The gem unlocks his power. He who holds the gem will control the Vamp. With his magic intact, he can destroy a world.”
“He left that part out of our discussion,” she said, startled. He hadn’t just handed over his treasured possession; he’d handed over control of him. “Does he know that?”
“Of course. All the Originals do. Or did, at one time.”
“You’re an Original.”
“I am.”
Shit. It was one thing when she knew he was giving her the gem, which she thought only held great power. It was quite another to realize the weapon was him and the gem was merely the key to access it.
Jessi wasn’t certain how, but she felt even worse about walking away from Xander. He trusted her. His ultimate test was one that could destroy him, and she was failing miserably.
But there was something else at stake: Ashley.
I’ll get her back.
Confused, Jessi began to wonder how she was going to rescue Ashley after all. 
“How did you wrest it from him?” the Other asked, circling the couch.
Jessi moved to keep it between them.
“Didn’t have to,” she answered truthfully. “He gave it to me.”
The creature paused. “Interesting. He’s claimed you.”
“Um, until I sort of betrayed him. Don’t think he’s too happy with me right now.”
“Good. He’ll have more motivation to find you.”
She paled. “I’m not sure it’s a good thing.”
“Not for you, no.”
Jessi’s thoughts flew to the night she spent with him. Xander had been nothing but tender, even knowing she was probably going to betray him. There was a part of her that didn’t think him capable of hating her and another that prayed he was upset enough to stay away. 
“For me, you’ve become a bargaining tool. It’s a good thing. I planned on killing you.”
“Someone has to handle the gem,” she said quickly. “You can’t, can you?”
The Other disappeared. 
Jessi looked around wildly. She felt his touch a second before the sensation of Traveling descended over her. She gasped, discouraged to find herself somewhere else entirely. Another building, this one with less light. It smelled damp, like a cellar.
“No,” the Other said. “I can’t. You can, until Xander gets here.”
Visually exploring the interior of the stone cellar, she was unable to find any sign of windows in the wall. A single bulb dangled from the ceiling, lighting up a wide area but not the entire space. She wasn’t able to see what lay beyond the ring of light. The stone beneath her feet was uneven and worn, old. The air was chilly and still. She shivered.
“You don’t know him that well. You think he’ll just … surrender?” she asked.
“I think if he claimed you, he’ll do what he must to keep you safe.”
“I hope you have a back-up plan.”
The Other chuckled. “He is no threat to me. We Originals are forbidden from fighting one another. But I can do what I wish to you.”
Not liking that part. She glanced in his direction, only to find him gone again. 
Jessi froze, listening for him. She hadn’t been paying attention; did he sink into the darkness or disappear? After a moment, she ventured into the dark with her hands in front of her, to keep from running into a wall. 
She tripped over something, caught herself, and continued, not wanting to be there when the Other returned. She had a feeling Jonny didn’t know she was gone and probably didn’t want her to be gone. Praying he didn’t take it out on Ashley, Jessi cursed the teen silently for taking her phone. 
After inching her way through the dark, her trembling hands reached a rough, stone wall. She flattened them against the cool rock and began making her way around the edges. 
“Girl.”
She froze. The Other had returned. A peek over her shoulder revealed him standing in the middle of the room, under the light. He was staring into the dark, though not in her direction.
For the first time since meeting Jonny, she prayed everyone was right about the strange skill she had to remain invisible to them. She held her breath. Her heartbeat seemed too loud in her ears, and she hoped he wasn’t able to hear as well as Xander seemed to. After a moment, he winked out of existence in a purple flash.
She waited another second then continued around the edge of the room. The wall met another, and she quickened her step, scouring the area above her for some sign of a window. A few steps down the second wall, the stone turned to wood.
Door.
She trailed her fingers across it until she felt the cool metal doorknob. She twisted it, almost squealing when it gave.
Jessi walked out of the strange cellar. She tripped over a stair and landed hard. Swallowing a cry of pain, she pushed herself up and stretched out her arms above her head, expecting the feel of a second set of wooden doors, if she really was in a cellar. After four steps, she felt them and grimaced, a rough edge piercing one finger. She stuck it in her mouth and then pulled it free.
Blood. The first night in his house, Xander reacted strongly to her slicing her finger. No one could sense her, but he would be able to smell her blood.
Jessi squeezed her finger, until she felt the warm blood. She bent and wiped it on the cement stair, not at all certain it was enough to tip him off. She then focused on how to get out of the cellar. Two metal handles – one on each door – were cold beneath her fingers. She gripped one and pushed it upward. A gust of cold, night air swept past her, and she hurried out.
Jessi hesitated, orienting herself. Moon and stars were bright overhead. She smelled the ocean on the air and was surprised to see the strange stone cottage perched in the middle of a field hedged by a stone wall. 
Wherever she was, it wasn’t California. It had been afternoon when she left the West Coast, and it was clearly in the middle of the night here. The cottage was dark, but she saw the lights of another house on down a long stretch of road that hugged a massive hill. 
She wasn’t going back in the cellar to await the psycho Other. Instead, she trotted down the gravel driveway, each crunching step making her cringe. No one chased her, and she stopped to hide in the shadows of the stone wall at the end of the drive to catch her breath.
Marking the wall with more blood, she kept to the shadows and hurried down the road. 
The nearest house was much farther than she thought. The lights grew no closer, even when she quickened her pace.
“Smart girl.”
She yelped as the Other materialized in front of her.
“You know you’re invisible to my senses.”
Jessi whirled to run, only to smack into someone else she didn’t expect.
“I followed the blood trail.” Jonny’s fangs were out. He snatched her arm before she was able to move. 
“Yeah, that wasn’t meant for you,” she said, adrenaline flying through her blood.
“Jessi!” Ashley’s voice trembled.
Jessi leaned around Jonny. Ashley stood a short distance away, between two vamps. She looked uncertain rather than scared, and Jessi’s eyes took in her cousin’s features with relief. Ashley seemed okay. Behind the teen were too many vamps for Jessi to count.
Jonny blocked her from going to her cousin. Instead, he pulled her against him, between him and the Other.
“I hope you’re not threatening me, boy,” the Other said, gaze taking in the vamps. 
“They’re here in case any Guardians show up. If I can find you, so can they,” Jonny answered. “We have the necklace. Take it and go.”
Jessi gripped the crystal. The air around her crackled, Jonny’s stormy power and the Other’s cold lightening making her skin crawl.
“Neither of us can handle it,” the Other replied. “I’m waiting for Xander to show.”
Jonny shifted. “Xander.”
“He’s the weapon,” Jessi supplied. She studied the teen god’s face. “I take it you didn’t know that either.”
“You said this is the weapon.” Jonny motioned to her necklace, addressing the Other. “I fucking hate Xander! The deal was the gem for leaving my vamps the fuck alone.”
“You delivered or are about to. So will I.” The Other shrugged. “Be gone, Jonny, unless you feel like taking on an Original.”
“The deal was for the necklace. I’m keeping the girl,” Jonny responded without hesitation. “Take your shit and go.”
The Other was quiet for a moment, studying the Black God. Jessi had no idea what Jonny might want with her, unless he intended to kill her as a final penalty.
“Not to interfere, but uh, Jonny, I also delivered on my deal,” Jessi said in the silence. “You promised not to hurt Ashley in exchange.”
“I haven’t,” he snapped.
“Okay, but can you let her go? That was part of our deal, too.”
Jonny’s attention shifted to Jessi. 
“You can keep me and torture me or whatever,” she rushed on. “Just let Ash go.”
“Jessi!” Ashley objected.
“I take what I want. Ashley’s mine,” Jonny said. 
The quick reply startled Jessi. 
“I’m not yours,” Ashley’s response was soft.
“Lover’s spat,” the Other said with a smile. 
Jessi didn’t have time to figure out what the hell was going on between Ashley and the Black God. Standing in the middle of a dirt road, god-knew-where, stuck between the bristling Black God and Original Other, Jessi couldn’t imagine her situation getting worse. The two were glaring at one another.
Abruptly, the Other disappeared. Jonny whirled, starting towards Ashley, when the teen girl winked out of existence in a flash of purple light.
Jessi gasped. Jonny went rigid.
“Now, we’re on terms I can live with,” the Other said, reappearing across the road with one hand gripping Ashley’s arm. “You want the girl, you give me Jessi and the necklace.”
Jonny faced the Other. Jessi inched away, sensing the teen’s storm cloud energy surge. By the look on his face, he was seconds away from erupting. 
Ashley looked terrified. Jessi struggled to keep from running across the road and grabbing her cousin. She had to think of a way to diffuse Jonny, before he blew them all up, and get Ash back.
“Can someone call Xander?” she heard herself asking. “You know, so we can resolve this shit?” Adding Xander to the mix was like smoking around dynamite, but she didn’t think a clash between Jonny and the Other was going to end well for anyone.
“I don’t want …” Jonny drifted off. His eyes settled on Jessi’s necklace. “Absolute power.”
“Yeah, but –“
“It will take no effort whatsoever for me to crush this girl.”
Ashley flinched as the Other gripped her arm more tightly.
“My sister can bring her back,” Jonny replied. “But you can’t use Xander without the gem.” He took Jessi’s arm then whipped out his cell with his free hand. “Jessi’s right. Xander needs to be here.” He typed a quick text then shut off the phone.
Jessi meet Ashley’s gaze, willing her cousin not to panic. 

Chapter Sixteen

Xander wanted to blow up the underground facility. Ashley’s backpack and bracelets were in the quiet, darkened room. Jessi’s scent lingered in the air; he was only minutes behind her. 
“Charles,” he growled.
“No Others nearby, ikir,” the vamp reported.
“Dusty, can you trace the girl’s GPS tag?” Jule asked into the mic he wore. “No cell phone activity on either Jessi or her cousin. Not sure we can get a signal on the GPS tags Jessi put on her cousin.”
Darian was poking around the kitchenette area, while Xander paced. Furious at Jessi, he was nonetheless concerned. She had no idea what she was dealing with. She was in danger she couldn’t face alone; with the gem, she held the key to destroying the planet.
His phone vibrated. He retrieved it restlessly and stopped mid-stride.
Trace me. The message was from Jonny, who had texted only once, before their ways parted months ago.
“Jule,” Xander held it out.
“Dusty, we got something,” the Original Immortal said into his communications piece. 
Xander’s pacing increased with his agitation. Jule spoke quickly to Dusty while Xander tried to figure out what Jonny was doing texting him. The kid was too afraid to risk a confrontation; maybe Jessi or Ashley had grabbed his phone. 
“We’re sending someone to check things out,” Jule said. 
“Where is it?” Xander demanded.
“Chill, X,” Jule replied. “Let us do our thing.”
Xander said nothing. His eyes traveled to the bracelets on the couch, and he snatched them. His normally strict control was thin; he hated the feeling.
He hated any feeling, especially the ones that told him he wasn’t going to be able to live with losing Jessi. Unable to determine what his emotions towards her were, he needed to experience what he did whenever he was inside her. The intimate connection, combined with her soft skin and nectar, would calm him. 
“Oy. That’s not good,” Darian said, straightening. He took a bite out of an ice cream bar he found in the refrigerator. “You sure, Dusty?”
Xander waited impatiently. Both the Guardians were listening to whatever Dusty told them. 
“Jonny, a bunch of vamps and the Original Other,” Jule said at Xander’s penetrating look. “The girls are with them. Figures they’re somewhere where our nearest station is ten miles out.”
Xander’s mind worked quickly. The Original Other would know that the gem was useless without Xander; what Jonny knew – or was doing – was lost on him. 
Fury stirred at the thought of Jessi taking it to them. The key to destroying a world – him – was in the hands of those who couldn’t be trusted with such power.
Pain filtered through him. The one time he took a chance on someone …
“We’re meeting D there,” Jule said and held out one fist to Xander, the other to Darian. “No craziness from either of you.”
“No guarantees,” Xander responded.
“Ditto,” Darian agreed. “Can I kill an Original Other without the world ending?”
Xander smiled. “Try it and see.”
He tapped Jule’s fist. Instantly, the three of them were transported somewhere cold and dark. His vampire eyes adjusted fast to the night. Jule had put them ten meters from the strange scene, to the side of Jonny’s vamps.
The sight of Jessi made Xander’s heart quicken, almost as much as the scent of her blood in the air. His incisors grew unbidden; he didn’t stop them this time. 
The nearest vamps bowed their heads and moved away from him. Damian and Eden were closer, his deceptive display of relaxed power causing the air to hum with even more magic. 
“You calm enough for this?” Jule took Xander’s arm.
“Yeah.” Xander focused on his first task: figuring out what the fuck was going on. He paced to Damian’s side, purposely not looking at Jessi, whose nearness was making him crazy enough.
The Other had Ashley; Jonny had Jessi. By the tension between the two, their alliance was brittle at best. Purple lightening rippled in the air nearby. Several more Others materialized. Darian was bristling, ready to attack, while Jule frowned.
“Jonny here doesn’t want to listen to reason,” Damian said casually. 
“Don’t talk to me like that, Damian,” the Black God snapped. “This is between me and that thing.” He indicated the Other with a lift of his chin.
The teen was far more defiant this evening, and Xander had a feeling he knew why. His eyes settled on Jessi finally. She was watching him, fear and uncertainty on her features. Her gray eyes were almost the color of the moon overhead, her pale features obscured by curls that danced in an ocean breeze. 
Sucking up the thoughts of those around him, Xander was pissed he wasn’t able to determine what hers were. Was she sorry for betraying him?
Did it matter, since he would still do whatever it took to help her?
“I taught you not to trust anyone, didn’t I?” Eden whispered to him.
Xander said nothing. His gaze flickered to the necklace with a sense of dread. She was clutching the gem in her hand. 
“Now that we have a mediator, maybe we can resolve this,” the Other said. “Jonny and I had a deal. He’s backed out.”
“I didn’t back out,” the Black God returned. “You lied to me.”
“I didn’t lie. I let you assume what you would.”
“Secrets are a bitch,” Xander interjected, gaze on Jessi.
She looked away, face growing pink. 
“Xander’s judgment is compromised. I’ll play his part as mediator.” Jule said, stepping forward. “What was the deal?”
“The necklace in exchange for stopping the slaughter of my vamps,” Jonny answered. “Damian has my only fucking Tracker, and my numbers are half what they were six months ago.”
“That explains why shit’s been calm lately,” Damian mused. 
“Most of my vamps are underground. I figured out Others can’t sense them that way,” Jonny continued. “Every time they leave, though, they get snatched up and killed. This fucker made me a deal.”
“What part of giving an Other absolute power sounded reasonable?” Damian growled.
“Fuck you, Damian.”
“Calm down, guys,” Jule warned with a pointed look at Damian. “We’re going to resolve this peacefully.”
“Smart discovery about the Others and their limitations,” Xander said, gaze on the Black God. Though he showed no outwards concern, Jonny looked as much at Ashley as he did the Other.
“Very,” Darian agreed. “We didn’t know that one.”
Damian said nothing. 
“Whatever the case is, Jonny broke our agreement. He’s refusing to give me the necklace,” the Other snapped. “I’ve positioned enough Others around the underground facilities we found to wipe out his vamps overnight.”
Jonny frowned. 
“A deal is a little less broken, if neither party has executed its part,” Eden murmured. “Jonny has the key to absolute power. The Original Other can slaughter every last vamp on the planet. I’m not seeing why you don’t go your separate ways and see what happens.”
The attention of everyone present turned to her.
“Is this how you fucking Originals do business?” Damian asked. 
“She means, we’ll take care of it,” Xander interpreted. “That usually means no survivors.”
“Or, Jonny can give me what I want,” the Original Other said. He gripped Ashley’s throat and picked her up off the ground.
“Ashley!” Jessi cried, starting forward. 
Jonny yanked her back hard. 
“Stop it!” the boy-god snarled. “She’s not part of the deal!”
“Then choose which one you want to keep,” the Other answered.
“Me!” Jessi said without hesitation. “Trade me, Jonny.”
The Black God released Jessi, who started forward. The Other lowered Ashley to the ground. The girl sucked in fast breaths and lay still. After a moment, she pushed herself up.
“Jessi,” the power in Damian’s voice stopped Jessi somewhere in the middle of the two. “Absolute power. Think what you’re doing.”
Xander shifted. She was panicking; he saw it in her features, before she faced them. No part of him wanted to stand on the sidelines, watching her struggle. Her eyes slid from Damian to him, and he gazed back, unable to read what she was thinking.
“If you want Ashley to die, stay where you are,” the Other warned.
“Humans are afforded the ability to choose,” Eden said. “You must respect that, Other.”
“Okay, I’m going with the Other thing, but he has to let Ash go first,” Jessi said in a voice that trembled.
Xander heard them, but it was as if their voices were far away. For a long moment, there was nothing but Jessi. She was tugging at the necklace. He couldn’t help thinking she looked like some beautiful, otherworldly creature with her full lips, haunted eyes and curls that appeared silver in the moonlight.
He willed her to trust him while suspecting it was too late. Her hand dropped from the necklace, a moment before she turned away from him. Moonlight reflected off the red gem.
It wasn’t his ruby at her neck.
Xander started forward. Damian held out an arm to stop him. 
The Other released the teen, who darted away from him, towards Jessi. She hurried into Jessi’s arms. Jessi hugged her tight for a few seconds, kissing her cousin’s forehead. Xander thought he heard her whisper something before she withdrew. 
“Jessi,” Xander wrenched away from Damian. 
“I’ll be fine,” Jessi replied without looking at him. She moved towards the Other. 
Xander started forward once more, determined to interfere, deals and choices be damned. 
“Ashley,” the Black God’s voice was tense but soft.
Ashley took one look at him, hesitated, and flung herself into Xander’s arms. He grunted, eyes on her cousin, but instinctively wrapped his arms around her. He took his attention off Jessi for half a second to glance down at Ashley and assess if she was okay. Her body shook, and she’d be bruised, but she was otherwise fine.
When he looked up, Jessi and the Other were gone.
“Fuck,” he muttered. He passed the girl in his arms off to Jule, fury rising. He turned on the Black God. “What the fuck were you thinking, Jonny?”
“I was thinking I wanted them to leave me the fuck alone!” Jonny snarled.
Half a head shorter than him, the Black God didn’t back down for once when Xander strode to him, stopping when his toes clipped Jonny’s.
“You put them both in danger and gave an Other absolute power. If you don’t start thinking like a God and stop thinking like a hormonal teen, I’ll replace you,” Xander warned in a low growl.
“Xander,” Darian called. “Back off, man.”
“Fuck you, Xander,” Jonny snapped. “I am thinking like a God. I knew the necklace wasn’t real.”
“You knew, and you let her go.” Xander’s temper flared. 
“You’d never give it up.”
“You’re right and wrong. I did give it up, but she swapped it out.”
Jonny’s anger faltered.
“You are fucking lucky she’s smarter than you.” Xander shoved him.
Jonny caught himself and shoved back. Damian and Darian interfered quickly. The White God took Xander’s arm while the Grey God grabbed Jonny’s.
“Stop it!” Ashley cried. “Someone go get my cousin!”
“We’ll find her, sweetheart,” Jule replied.
She pulled away from him and approached. Xander shifted between her and Jonny, not trusting the idiot Black God.
“She has Jonny’s phone,” Ashley said, searching his gaze. “Can you trace it or something?”
Jonny’s hands went to his pockets. 
“Damn bitch,” he muttered, confirming Ashley’s words.
Ashley’s face flushed, and she pushed past Xander. She slapped the Black God.
“That’s for breaking your promise!”
Jonny stared at her, no less stunned than Darian. 
“It runs in the family,” Xander said, darkly amused. He took Ashley by the shoulders and turned her to face him. “I’ll find her. Stay out of trouble. Got it?”
Her blue-gray eyes were filled with tears. She sniffed and swallowed hard before nodding. For her sake, Xander struggled to remain calm. Boiling inside, he’d never felt the urge to beat someone the way he did Jonny. 
“Got a location,” Jule called. 
Xander released Ashley and crossed to him, still fuming at the Black God. He couldn’t help wondering where the real crystal was, if not with Jessi, and what the fuck she planned on doing. Her focus was clear: getting her cousin to safety without any sort of consideration for her own welfare.
“We need to reach her before he figures out she tricked him,” Xander said, joining Jule. “I don’t want help. Just tell me where.”
“No way you’re going alone.”
“Jule,” Xander snatched the immortal’s collar. “I’m not fucking with you!”
“I’ll go,” Eden said quietly. 
“Both of us will, along with Darian,” Jule replied firmly. He pulled his shirt free. “I know you’re flipping out, X, but for once, trust someone else.”
Xander’s jaw clenched. Every second the Other had Jessi, she was closer to being hurt. 
“Fine. Take us now,” he snapped and held out his fist. “Ashley, stay with Damian.”
The girl didn’t respond, but he knew she wouldn’t disobey his command, as much as she might Jessi’s.
“I have an idea. I’ll need your wife, Jule,” the Grey God said as he joined them. 
 
Chapter Seventeen

Jessi oriented herself. They couldn’t have gone far; it was still night wherever they were. She shivered. The Other didn’t release her, as if afraid she’d disappear on him. His grip was as cold as the night.
Her own fate was certainly sealed, and she hoped Xander had grabbed Ashley before she returned to the Black God. Jessi vowed to lecture Ash on her choices of men, assuming she survived this.
The Other was staring at the necklace, obviously wanting to snatch it but aware of whatever spell was on it that prevented anyone from touching it. He lingered for a moment. 
Purple flashes appeared around them suddenly as his men appeared. Dozens of Others with similar glowing eyes and pale features materialized. Only when they were all but surrounded did he release her.
Jessi tugged at the gem, wondering if they’d kill her quickly or not. She held back tears. She managed to save Xander’s sole belonging and Ashley. At least, she hoped she did. These creatures couldn’t read her mind, which meant they’d never know that she hid the real one in a shoebox. As long as Ashley didn’t play with her beads anytime soon …
Shit, Jessi.
Rubbing her eyes, she tried to rein in her scattered thoughts. Thinking of what happened tomorrow did her no good, when she wasn’t certain she’d live through the night.
Seeing Xander had made her want to scream out of frustration. She wanted a chance with him, especially after witnessing the intense emotion on his face. The Xander who messed with her was gone. He was far more than interested in her or toying with her. His secret – that the gem controlled him – erased any doubt she had about him. He was serious about being with her.
She still wasn’t certain what it meant to have the heart of a vampire.
Trapped between Jonny and the Original Other, she hadn’t been able to say anything she wanted to, when he made his declaration about destroying the world. Like farewell. Or thank you. Or trust me – I won’t betray you.
She hoped he understood this, if nothing else. Yes, she’d taken off the ruby, but it was for a damned good cause.
Glancing around at the men with purple eyes, she began to suspect that good cause was going to kill her. The silvery moon above was bright, and she admired what she thought might be her last vision of the star-speckled night sky.
“We’re debating whether we blast you and the gem or spare you, in case it doesn’t work,” the Original Other spoke to her. 
“Good to know,” she said under her breath.
“Remove the necklace.”
Jessi swallowed hard. Hands trembling, she pulled off the necklace, taking her time to untangle the cord from her curls. Admitting these were likely the last few minutes of her life, she was filled with regret. She didn’t do enough for Ashley and Brandon, hadn’t bought life insurance, so they’d be okay once she was gone. There was no college fund, either. A list of shoulda-coulda-wouldas went through her mind, growing until she was dismayed. Had she done anything right for them?
Distraught, she added another to the list: she’d never have a chance with Xander. All she had to do was trust him Monday, and she would’ve spent the week with him, instead of two nights. It seemed so easy in hindsight. Walk in the door, reveal what Jonny wanted her to do and they’d have their happy ending.
She paused, surprised how painful the thought was of never being in his arms again. She loved their back and forth and how he made her feel. He was so much more than those around him knew. The way he touched, teased and made love to her showed her his capacity for depth of emotion and the type of tenderness she didn’t expect from a vampire.
The Original Other jabbed her in the arm, pulling her back to reality. 
It was too late for Xander or to make things right for the kids. Near tears, Jessi tugged the necklace free and held it out to him.
He recoiled, as if it was alive. 
“On the ground.”
She placed it down. “You aren’t waiting for Xander this time?”
“He’ll arrive soon enough, no doubt with that Others-killer.”
Her heart quickened. Jessi wasn’t certain what to think. She wanted him safe and hoped he was angry enough to stay away or at least, he brought an army of people to kill the dozens of Others around her. It was too risky hoping she’d have a second chance with him. Hugging herself, she sensed the magic in the air and moved back a few steps, not wanting to be caught up in the purple crossfire.
Lightening arced from the Original Other towards the necklace. The sudden brightness blinded her, and she shielded her eyes. There was another flash, and the light disappeared. Adrenaline shot through her at the surprised look on the Other’s face.
The cheap red crystal was ashes.
“You tricked me,” he said after a moment.
Jessi whirled and ran, only to come face-to-face with him once more.
“The fucking human lied to me!” the Original Other’s face was a mottled mix of red and white. 
“Technically, a secret isn’t a lie,” she blurted out, backpedaling.
He snatched her arm hard, and lightening flashed through her, making her nauseous.
“The fuck it’s not.” Xander’s growl came from somewhere behind her.
The Original Other looked up, the magic lessening. Jessi’s insides felt like they were on fire. She gasped in cold air. 
“She didn’t have the crystal, but I do.”
Jessi twisted, startled by his words. Xander’s piercing gaze was on the Original Other. His muscular frame was tense, and moonlight played across his chiseled features. He appeared furious, the intensity of his power reaching her from the distance. He clutched the gem by one end and held it up to show the Others.
The Original Other didn’t release her, instead pulling her back a few steps. 
“We’ll trade,” he started. “Your girl for the crystal.”
“You can’t handle it,” Xander reminded him. “This time, you really pissed me off, Other.”
“There is nothing you can do to me. We’re both Originals.”
“I’ll do what you planned on doing with this.” Xander’s fist closed around the gem. 
“One who protects the humans as you do will not …” The Original Other stopped.
Red dust trickled from Xander’s hand as he crushed the gem. The ground beneath them began to shake. Jessi clung to the Other to steady herself.
“Xander!” she breathed. “No!”
“I’ve been collecting vamp magic for tens of thousands of years. Any last words, say them now. This won’t take long.” His cold rage terrified her. He was in control – complete control – even when destroying the world. 
“Fucking fool! Destroying the realm for a woman?” the Other snapped.
“This time, I’ll succeed.”
The Original Other motioned to the men around him, pointing towards Xander with a silent command. With the earth moving beneath her, Jessi wasn’t able to process anything she felt during the last minutes of the world, except that Xander cared enough to finish what he started in his quest for revenge. There were now two women who reached the man inside the vamp.
She didn’t have time to dwell on her final victory. 
Purple lightening sizzled past her towards Xander. He winked out of existence. The ground bucked, throwing her onto her stomach and toppling the Others. Someone shouted something, and she looked up, staring at the massive red cloud that was forming above them. It rippled with lightening and spread fast, soon blocking the moon before it rolled outward in every direction.
The Original Other looked at her and raised his hand, lightening forming in his palm. She braced herself for the blow. A form leapt in between them, and she recognized the laugh as that of the crazy Grey God. He absorbed the blast and bent to haul her up.
“Caleb or Logan?” he asked.
“What?”
Darian’s attention remained on her. Instinctively, he blocked another strike of lightening while absorbing a second.
“We’re having a boy. You can be the tiebreaker.”
Jessi’s mouth dropped open. “Uh, Caleb.”
“Damn.” He whirled, slashing down someone with a sword. 
Jessi flinched at the sound of metal against bone and flesh. 
“Everyone says Caleb,” Darian said over his shoulder with a grunt.
“I thought I was the tiebreaker.”
“I really like Logan.”
She watched him fight, his speed astonishing her. Before she registered lightening coming towards them, he had blocked it.
“We can talk about this later,” she called. 
“Didn’t you know? The world’s about to end!” he laughed and darted away. “Jessi, you need to run!”
What a wacko. Jessi didn’t need to be told twice. She looked around wildly then up.
Xander was floating. The air bent around him as his power unfurled in a red haze. The air was filled with electricity and the battlefield a mix of red fog and purple lightening.
“You jackass, Xander,” she whispered, eyes watering. “Just had to destroy the world.” Panic shot through her at the idea of never seeing him again or Ashley or Brandon. Or the cramped little apartment that was home.
“Now, Jessi!” Darian shouted.
She bolted into the red and purple mess. There was no telling what was going on around her, and she hoped once again that her stealth magic hid her from the Others. 
Jessi slammed into someone, who grabbed her arm. She yanked away, unable to see who it was in the fog.
“Ah, just the one I sought.”
Without seeing the form clearly, she did see the purple lightening start to form in the hands of the Original Other. 
Jessi whirled and ran, doubting anyone was going to save her this time. Light surrounded her, and fire tore through her. Darkness swallowed her. 



Xander’s heightened senses were able to see everything from above – except Jessi. He cursed the talent that initially drew him to her, forced to wait for the fog to clear. 
He had forgotten what it felt like to just let go and let the magic absorb him. Power coursed through him, amplified by Yully, the wife of Jule, who stood at the edge of the fog. A Natural with the ability to soak up energy and redirect it, the red-haired Magician was channeling everything she pulled from the Others to him. He created the confusion while Eden, Darian and Jule fought. 
The look on Jessi’s face when he’d crushed the red beads disturbed him. He didn’t want her scared or troubled or upset; he’d never know if she was hurt or needed his help. Unable to find her when she was on stealth mode, he was acutely aware that he had no control over what was going on below. Their goal had been to get rid of as many of the Others as possible and save Jessi, because Darian wasn’t able to disable the dozens gathered at once. 
The magic trickled, and he glanced towards the female form in an outcropping of boulders nearby. Yully stood on top of one, waving at him in the signal she was stopping what she did. Xander found himself hesitating before he released his focus on molding his power. The flow within him felt so good after the control he normally exerted to rein it in. Nothing turned him on more than power.
Except Jessi.
He drifted to the ground, supported by Yully’s unique magic. While he was able to do a lot of things with his power, floating above the ground wasn’t one of them. It had the effect they desired of convincing the Others he had crushed the gem and was unleashing hell on earth in his quest for revenge for them taking Jessi. Aware of his reputation, none of them suspected the trick.
What they didn’t know: He hadn’t been able to destroy his mother’s only treasure at the height of his madness, tens of thousands of years ago. He wasn’t able to do it now. The bead he crushed was the second crystal belonging to Ashley that she’d made a necklace out of.
Xander jogged into the fog, using his senses to guide him. Darian had killed off six Others while the rest had fled. He only cared about one of the Others – the one who took Jessi.
“Clear!” Jule called from Xander’s left. 
“Clear,” Eden echoed, closer.
“X,” Darian’s voice carried a grim note. 
Xander spun and headed the direction of the Grey God. He didn’t sense the Original Other until within range of his mind manipulation power. However, he didn’t sense Jessi at all, meaning she wasn’t with him.
Darian’s foot was across the Original Other’s neck. The creature on the ground was breathing hard but alive and awake. 
“Where’s Jessi?” Xander demanded. 
“He’s not telling me,” Darian said. “I saved him for you.”
“Vaporized,” the Original Other responded.
Fury filled Xander. He knelt beside the prone form. He focused his mind magic on the Other, whose ancient mind was older than Xander’s. The creature resisted well.
“You better hope that’s not true,” Xander said softly, dangerously. 
“I knew you couldn’t … do it,” the Original Other said. “Your ruse worked. I won’t be tricked again.”
“If anything happened to Jessi, it won’t be a trick next time. Now, where the fuck is she?”
The Other said nothing. 
Xander knocked Darian’s foot off it and snatched its neck, before it was able to Travel. He hauled the creature up.
“Xander,” Jule warned. 
“I won’t kill him,” Xander replied. “I’m going to melt his brain.”
“Then I can kill him,” Darian offered.
Xander channeled his magic into the Other’s brain. He didn’t need to use it all to get what he wanted, but he wasn’t about to let someone who hurt Jessi off with a quick death. Focused on the Other, he closed his eyes.
“I killed her,” the Other said.
I know when you lie, Xander said into its mind. The Other’s brain told him otherwise, that it wasn’t entirely certain what happened. Xander went through a familiar routine, one he used on traitors. First, I’ll paralyze you, and then you’ll live through pain unlike any you’ve ever experienced.
Unlike Eden, who treated Xander similarly for a good cause, Xander did it out of revenge. 
The Other’s body seized up then went limp, its head lolling back, as it lost the ability to move. Xander ransacked its mind, yanking out information about Jessi while channeling the magic to force the Other to relive the pain he’d caused throughout his lifetime.
The Other’s last memory of Jessi appeared. Xander witnessed Jessi running. Red fog blocked her for a second. It cleared, and she was out of the creature’s ability to sense her. Relying solely on his mortal senses, the Other unleashed a bolt of purple lightening.
Jessi disappeared.
Xander’s restraint snapped, blinding him. The long-dead predator in him returned, thirsty for blood. The memory of power coursing through his blood mixed with the sense of loss he last felt when he was a child. As before, the world had been yanked out from under him. He sought revenge then; he did so again now. He buried his fangs into the Original Other’s neck, not caring what happened when he killed the creature.
Hands grabbed at him and his meal, and someone was shouting. He wrapped his arms around the creature protectively, not about to let it go until every last drop of blood was gone. Familiar anger and pain swirled through him, the same he felt the night he killed the last Grey God. 
Lightening exploded between him and his dinner, knocking him back. Xander launched forward, trying to shake free the hands that wrestled him away.
Stop, son. She’s alive. 
He froze and oriented himself, suddenly aware of what he did. The Original Other lay in a heap on the ground, his throat shredded. Jule had one of his arms, Darian the other, while Eden’s hands were on his shoulders. 
“Where?” Xander managed.
“I’ll show you. Can we let you go?” Eden’s voice was calm, steady.
Xander sucked in a deep breath. He nodded. He didn’t wait for them but wrenched away. Blood filled his senses, and his gaze drifted to the Original Other.
“By some fucking miracle, you didn’t kill the bastard,” Darian said. “Seriously, what happens if I kill him?”
“He dies,” Xander snapped. “We can’t kill one another, but you can kill us.” He turned on Eden so fast, she stepped back. Her hands went up. “Now, Eden.”
“Follow me.”
“Darian, you’re gonna have to kill him, before he dies of his wounds,” Xander added over his shoulder. 
“Will do.”
Xander’s control was slipping again. He had the urge to kill, to feel the warmth of blood running over his hands and smell it covering his body. Long-dead instincts were near the surface, waiting for Eden to slip up, so he could take her out next. He wanted to feel the power in him again, to take away his anger.
Unable to sort through why he was so close to losing it, he wiped the blood from his face onto his arm and trailed her.
The moment he saw Jessi’s still body, his scattered thoughts crystallized into one and any anger he felt fled. Xander understood the question Sofi wouldn’t tell him, the one he had the answer to already.
What was more important than power, betrayal and revenge, the tenets on which he built his life?
However good her underlying motivations, she still lied, tricked and betrayed him. He killed many people for far less. But it wasn’t anger he felt standing over Jessi’s unmoving form. It was fear. Loss. Regret. 
And a warm emotion swept through him that he never before experienced. It was strong enough to wipe out anything negative he might feel towards her. It was the dizzying, intimate sensation he got when he was inside her, the one that made him lose interest in other women, because fucking and feeding from them just wasn’t the same. Sassy and brave, Jessi made him reconsider his desire to spend eternity alone.
He needed her.
Xander dropped to his knees beside the pale woman. Gently, he gathered her warm body into his arms. Holding her was enough to calm him. Her eyes were closed, the long eyelashes wet from tears. Blonde curls tickled his arm. He assessed her body to identify where she was hurt, so he could heal her. 
Eden crouched beside him and touched Jessi’s forehead.
“The Other got her, but it had to have been a glancing blow. She wouldn’t be here otherwise,” Eden murmured. “She’s newly dead.”
“I can vamp her,” Xander said. He lowered his head to her neck, breathing in her scent with a mix of longing and anger.
“Not if her heart’s stopped,” Eden said, pushing at his shoulder. “No blood flow, no vamp.”
“I’ll take the chance,” he growled and bent over Jessi once more.
“You really want this girl?” Eden asked thoughtfully. She pushed him away again.
“Get the fuck away from me, Eden.”
“I owe you one, Xander.” Her words stopped him.
Xander looked up, not fully trusting the woman who raised and then ditched him. Her green gaze was intent, the silver around them swirling as she fought to exert some influence over him. 
“Answer my question, and I’ll do for her what I did for you.”
“Fuck her up?” he snapped.
“I told you once I’d make it so no one you love ever died. I meant it.”
“Immortality.” 
“Yes.” Eden’s smile was barely visible. “I am the Original Human. I may not control them, but I maintain power over my kind, the way you do over the vamps. Tell me you want to spend your immortality with her, and I’ll make it happen.”
Xander brushed hair from Jessi’s face, eyes on her pale skin. He didn’t like seeing her vulnerable like this; he wanted to hear her sharp tongue and watch her face turn pink when he looked at her too long or provoked her. He wanted to hear her whisper his name after they made love and flutter soft kisses with her full lips across his face, the way she had the other night. He needed to be inside her and share her emotions, emotions he wasn’t capable of feeling on his own.
He wanted the only woman who chose to sacrifice herself to the Original Other, as part of a horribly planned attempt to save those she loved. Somehow, her awful plan worked, without her turning over the gem and betraying him.
“I need her, Eden,” he said quietly, a note of raw emotion in his voice for the first time since he was a child. 
“Then she’s yours.” Eden’s smile was wider, her eyes sparkling. 
Eden’s magic wasn’t visible. He felt the cool power of an Oracle move through Jessi and into him. He cradled her against his chest, waiting to feel her pulse. At long last, Eden’s power took effect.
Slowly, faintly, Jessi’s heart began to beat again. 
Chapter Eighteen

Jessi awoke from a deep sleep. Her room was bright, the bed more comfortable than she remembered. Groggily, she rolled onto her back and stared at a wood ceiling. 
When did I get one of those?
Brow furrowing, she pushed herself up to examine the unfamiliar bedroom. It was large, decorated in whites and blues with an open door that led onto a balcony, obscured by a billowing white curtain. 
She definitely didn’t recall this place. Pushing herself up, she caught her reflection in an oval, stand alone mirror with innately carved wood. She wore nothing more than a long T-shirt and her underwear. The same breeze giving the curtains heartburn tossed her hair around, and she pushed it aside, a flash of red making her gasp.
The necklace. Jessi reached for it, surprised to find the real one around her neck. 
She looked around once more with apprehension. Was she dead or …
A glimpse of blue beyond the curtains drew her to the balcony, and she pushed the drapes aside, astonished to see the swath of ocean resembling miles of blue silk.
“A cruise,” she murmured. 
She sought some explanation. The last memory she had was of purple lightening, a cold, dark place and the damned Other, none of which explained how she ended up here.
Puzzled, she pushed open the doors on the side of the room opposite the balcony. One led to a closet, another to a bathroom and a third into a spacious living area, off which was another balcony. She scanned over the comfortable furniture and past the living room to a large kitchen and dining area before her gaze returned to the two forms seated on the balcony.
Xander was one by his size. Her heart lurched at the sight of him, and her blood began flying through her in a mixture of excitement and desire. She neared the door to the balcony and paused, eyes going over Xander’s body.
Dressed in swim trunks and nothing else, his long, lean legs were propped up on the balcony railing. His dark hair was tied at his neck, his muscular frame at ease. Heavy features were shaded by a day or two of stubble, his red-hued gaze on the ocean. The calming intensity around him tugged at her, made her want to curl up in his arms.
The woman beside him was a stranger. Skinny with a crooked nose, her eyes glowed red, too, and her frown was apparent.
Uncertain what was going on, Jessi hugged herself and inched closer. She saw no sign that the kids were here; the place was meticulous. If Brandon and Ashley were around, there would be little messes and beads everywhere.
“…just saying, maybe it was a mistake.” The young woman on the balcony was whining in a way that reminded Jessi of Ashley.
“You had enough time to think about it,” Xander’s response was gruff.
“That was before I decided to go vegan.”
“It’s been two days, Ingrid.”
“It was a recent decision.”
“Let me guess – you met a new guy, and he’s vegan.”
“You’re Ingrid?” Jessi asked, surprised. She was expecting a big-boobed beauty, not the scrawny girl.
Both of them twisted to face her. Xander motioned to the door. Ingrid rose with a frown.
“Great. Two bosses who don’t believe in wearing clothes,” she grumbled.
Ingrid breezed by her and slammed the front door. Jessi’s face warmed. She glanced down, suspecting she should’ve searched for clothing. 
Until she looked up and saw Xander’s appraising gaze move over her. Desire pooled in her lower belly, and the ache at her core was intense enough that she wanted to sit down. Xander met her gaze, the intensity of his look adding to her misery.
“A cruise?” she asked. 
“To Cabo.”
“Wow … that’s where I’ve always …” Her gaze sharpened. “Did I tell you that?”
“I read your diaries.”
“Xander!” she groaned. 
“I rescue you from an Other, and you’re giving me shit?” he challenged, standing. He moved into the living area. 
“You won’t learn boundaries, will you?” Jessi didn’t retreat, her body burning for him too much for her to want to leave. She gazed up at him. 
“Not where you’re concerned,” he replied firmly. 
“Where are the kids?”
“Safe in Texas. You’re welcome for saving your ass again.”
“I saved your ass, too!” she retorted. 
Xander’s features softened in warmth. He tipped her chin up and kissed her lightly. It was all the invitation she needed. Jessi sank into his hard body, beyond relieved at the feel of his smooth skin. His comforting scent and heat filled her senses. 
“I thought I lost you,” she murmured. 
“As much as you might like that, no.”
“I don’t want that!”
He wrapped his arms around her tightly.
“No one is coming for the gem again? You didn’t destroy the world?” Apprehension filled her at the thought of facing Jonny or Others. She did her best to protect those she cared about and ended up here. She squeezed her eyes closed, pressing herself against him. His oak-amber scent and the heat of his skin intoxicated her, made her feel like – even if the world ended – she might not care, if she was in his arms.
“It’s over,” he replied.
“I passed your damn trial?”
“Close enough,” he answered, reaching between them to lift her chin again. 
She flushed, as much from the fire building within her as his words.
“I would’ve kept you either way,” he added with a small smile. “I have to tell you something.”
“How I ended up on a cruise?”
“No.” He was pensive for a moment. “You were dead for a few minutes.”
She stared.
“I asked Eden to save you, because I couldn’t,” Xander continued. “She made you immortal, Jessi.”
His words baffled her. He watched her try to process the idea. 
“Immortal,” she repeated. “As in, I get to live forever?”
“Like me. With me.”
Speechless, she tried to imagine what eternity would be like. It was beyond anything she could envision. 
“Most Naturals end up immortal or at least, age slowly, if they mate with Guardians. Ash and Brandon will probably do the same,” he added. 
Another thought occurred to her. “You like me enough to keep me around?”
“Yeah.”
His simple, earnest response and the conviction on his face floored her. 
“It’s a lot to think about,” she admitted.
“It can be undone,” he added, an edge in his voice.
“No.” Jessi smiled, surprised to find no part of her disliked the idea of spending a lifetime – or several – with him. “No. It’s a lot to take in, and don’t you ever make a decision like that on my behalf again, without consulting me.”
“You were fucking dead.”
“You wanted to keep me around forever. You like me. No, you love me.” She wanted to cry, overwhelmed, this time by different emotions than those that plagued her this week. Living forever was not something she ever considered; being with him wasn’t something she thought was possible
Both? Jessi grinned.
He grimaced. 
“No one will ever fuck with you again.” His tone was soft but lethal.
“I’m afraid to ask,” she murmured, aware of what his strength was able to do. 
“It’s universally understood that you’re off-limits.”
She almost sighed. “So you aren’t mad at me for taking off the necklace and lying to you and not trusting you to help me.”
A flare of something went through his gaze. His jaw clenched.
“You are mad at me,” she said, uncertain why the idea made her want to laugh, especially after he went through the effort to keep her around forever. 
“That shit won’t happen again.”
“You survived, didn’t you?”
“No more secrets, lies or boundaries,” he growled. 
“We’ll see,” she said, grinning. “Since you can’t read my mind, and we have eternity together …”
He kissed her hungrily, robbing her of resistance and breath. Jessi yielded. She loved the combination of his passion and gentled strength. His lips teased her, his mouth opening so she could taste him once more. The furnace in her belly was beyond hot, her blood roaring with need. When he lifted his head, her thoughts were too addled for her to focus on anything more than the sensations of the body against hers.
“Deal?” he asked in a husky voice.
She nodded. “No more one-night stands.”
“Yes, kiri, I know,” he replied with a chuckle. He rested his forehead against hers. “I understood that when I made my choice.”
“I don’t know how you did it, but thank you,” she whispered. Tears rose as she began to realize exactly what it meant to be where she was. In his arms. On a cruise. For the first time since meeting him, she didn’t feel as if the world was crushing her. 
“You didn’t fuck things up too bad. You’re brave. Stupidly so.”
She laughed. “I think that’s a compliment.”
“It is.” The quiet note in his voice drew her attention back to him. “Is this what you want, Jessi?”
She studied him curiously.
“I can’t read your mind.” His dislike of the truth was clear. “I made my fucking choice. I want to hear yours.”
She wanted to laugh but didn’t, aware he was as vulnerable as he’d ever get right now.
“Yes,” she said. Jessi fluttered kisses across his face, ignoring the tears on hers.
“Good. I’m hungry and haven’t gotten laid in three days.” Xander lifted her easily into his arms and carried her towards the bedroom.
“What a romantic proposal,” she teased, nuzzling his chest. 
“Fuck with me at your own risk,” he warned. “At least I’ll make you Sunday before I turn you into dinner.”
A thrill went through her. 
“Sunday,” Jessi repeated. She glanced at the alarm clock on the night stand as they entered the bedroom. It was noon. “Sofi said to tell you she told you so.”
“Fucking Oracles.”
“What does that mean?” she asked.
He set her on the bed and lay on his side, pulling her into his body once more. His large hands began to explore her. He pushed up her t-shirt, his warm palms branding her hips and stomach. He began kissing her, hot, quick and deep. Jessi’s hands traced the thick muscles of his arms.
“It means … I lost … a bet…” he said between kisses. 
“About me?”
“Yes.”
Jessi’s laughter bubbled up at the anger in his tone. From what she knew of the Oracle, Sofi was probably dancing in joy right now, knowing she won a round with Xander.
Xander’s movement paused. He lifted his head to glare at her.
“You got beat by that cute little girl,” Jessi said, giggling. “She’s like, the size of your leg.” 
“She also said we’ll have twenty kids.”
“What?” All humor fled. Jessi stared at him, unable to determine if he was messing with her. “Tell me you’re joking! I can hardly handle the two I have. There’s no way in hell!”
Xander gave her a familiar, cunning half-smile. “We’ll see, won’t we?”



Damian Eternal Series, a War of Gods spinoff

“Xander’s Chance”
“The Black God” (Fall 2013)



War of Gods

“Damian’s Oracle” (Smashwords)



“Damian’s Assassin” (Smashwords)




“Damian’s Immortal” (Smashwords)



“The Grey God” (Smashwords)




Excerpt from “Dark Summer” (#1, Witchling Series)





Available from: Amazon, Amazon UK and Barnes and Noble

 

A school for Witchlings...

The ultimate choice between Light and Dark...

Where the price of a mistake...is your soul.

Sixteen-year-old Summer doesn’t expect her new boarding school to be any different than the rest: a temporary stay, until her uncontrollable magic gets her thrown out again.   In her mind, there’s no point in getting too friendly with anyone. That is, until she notices Decker, the boy who will become the Master of Night and Fire on his eighteenth birthday.

When she learns that this special school has attracted others with magic in their blood, she is hopeful that this time around, things may be different. Besides, she can’t deny her interest in Decker, and when he rescues her one night from the dark forests of the Rocky Mountains, their connection is instant.

Yet a relationship with Decker may prove to be Summer’s downfall, forcing her to choose between Light and Dark, life and death, love – and their souls.

One choice. One soul. One price.



Chapter One

Summer stepped off the stuffy bus, at once struck by the smog-free air and towering pine trees of the northern Idaho town. The sun shone gentler here than in her native Los Angeles, and the heat of noon was pleasant.
The bus driver pulled her bags from the storage compartment under the bus and left them beside her. She didn’t meet his eyes, not wanting to tell him she had no tip money. The orphanage had paid for her trip via Greyhound and given her a meager ten dollars a day for food.
“My sister lives up here. She tells everyone to avoid the forest after dark,” the bus driver said cheerfully.
Summer sneaked a look at him. He didn’t look upset at her for not tipping, and he said nothing else about his odd warning. He boarded the bus with a smile, and the lumbering vehicle merged back onto the single, two lane road hedged by pine trees running through Priest Lake, Idaho. She looked at the run down school in whose parking lot she stood. It was closed down for the summer, the cement of the parking lot cracked and the field behind overgrown with grass.
A warm breeze swept by her. It smelled of trees and burning wood. Something else was in the air, something that tickled her body from the inside out. The breeze seemed to return and swirl around her, lifting the hem of her shirt and jeans. She pushed her top down self-consciously.
“Ignore that.”
She looked up into the most beautiful eyes she’d ever seen. The teen walking towards her from the street was around seventeen with breeze-ruffled brown hair and eyes as clear and teal as footage of the Caribbean she’d seen on TV. His smile was bright and friendly, his skin and facial features indicating he was of Native American heritage. Around six feet tall, he’d begun to fill out, and his arms were muscular in the snug T-shirt he wore.
“You’ll understand in a few days. This isn’t a normal town.”
She couldn’t find her voice. Aware of how hard she was staring at him, she looked away as heat spread across her face.
“I’m Beck, the good half of the Turner twins. You’ll hear about us, I’m sure. You have a name?” he asked.
She nodded.
“Well, what is it?” he asked with another of his infectious smiles.
“Summer,” she whispered.
“Welcome, Summer.” He extended his hand.
She hesitated then shook her head, withdrawing.
“No worries,” he said. “But, just so you know, whatever your gift is, it’s okay here. We all have them.”
Summer looked up at him again, surprised.
“Come on. I was supposed to get my driver’s license last spring, but, well, stuff happens. If I had known I’d be stuck walking to and from here picking up new people all summer long, I would’ve gotten it,” he said with a sigh. He reached forward to take her suitcase and began walking towards the road.
She followed, curious about his statement about a town of gifted people. 
“We all live at the boarding school,” Beck continued. He grunted as he lifted her suitcase from the parking lot onto the road. “Do you play any sports?”
“No.”
“Cheerleader?”
“No.”
“Band?”
“No.”
“What do you do?”
“Nothing really.” Except get ridiculed and kicked out of school after school for being different. She hadn’t had time to learn a sport, not when she switched schools every other month. The orphanage had run out of schools to send her to in Los Angeles and Orange County and banished her here. Beck wouldn’t call her magick a gift when he saw what it did and how little she could control it. It acted out everywhere she went, sometimes knocking over full rooms of people as if they were shoved by an invisible hand and sometimes doing much more damage, like the fire two schools ago. 
Summer looked straight up at the sky, marveling at the tall trees lining the road. The road itself looked worn and run down like the school, with faded lane lines and potholes filled with grass. The forest seemed to be trying to reclaim the human invasion. It had swallowed what might’ve one time been a sidewalk alongside the road and replaced it with orange, waist high tiger lilies and white daisies. Birds were loud without the constant drone of the Los Angeles traffic. 
She liked the feel of nature. Its subtle magick hummed in the air around her. Her eyes went to the forest again. She caught the movement of grasses and branches as someone with bright auburn hair darted from the gutter into the forest. Summer squinted, trying to see into the woods. She sensed someone there, but saw no one.
Beck’s soft laughter drew her attention. He was a good twenty feet ahead of her. She’d stopped in place and gotten lost in her head.
“Come on!” he said and began walking again.
Summer hurried to catch up, embarrassed at what the handsome boy might think of her after just five minutes with her. She always made the worst impressions. Staring at the ground, she focused on ignoring the woody magick and just walking. Like a normal person. Like someone who wasn’t cursed with magick in her blood.
They walked farther than she expected, past a small string of ranch style houses, driveways to hidden homes, and a tiny strip mall with a convenience market, gas station and realtor’s office. They kept walking until the road forked and the forest closed in on either side once again.
At last, they reached a dirt road leading off the paved street into the forest. Beck said a few curse words that made her blush as he struggled to roll her suitcase on the dirt road. Summer watched, amused, before her eyes went to the trees. They were so tall, their tops almost met in the middle of the sky above her.
Beck’s loudest curse yet drew her eyes to him again. He shoved the suitcase onto its side, his earlier good humor turned into frustration.
“I’ll bring one of the guys back to help me,” he said. “I’ll take you there first.”
Summer drew near her suitcase, not wanting to leave the few things she did have. Mementos from her mother and father were in there, along with the pictures of the very few friends she’d made over the past sixteen years. Clothing, trinkets, an amulet from the only teacher who didn’t turn on her … 
“I’ll help you,” she said and bent to grab the bar at the bottom of the suitcase.
“This isn’t L.A. No one will take your stuff,” he said.
“I don’t want to leave it.”
“Are you sure?” He looked her over. “You’re kinda small.”
She flushed as his eyes lingered on her breasts. She was small – in every way except that one.
“I can do it,” she said. 
“Well, it’s my fault anyway for not getting a driver’s license,” he said with a frown. “Fine. I’ll use my ESP to call my brother.”
She waited to see him reach for a cell phone. He closed his eyes, held out his arms and went perfectly still for a few seconds. 
“Just kidding. I don’t have ESP,” he said with another grin. “He was supposed to meet me at the school. He should be here soon. Don’t be surprised. Decker’s a little – “
“A little what, Beck?”
Summer turned to see the second Turner twin stepping out of the forest. Decker looked identical to Beck, except his eyes were as black as his clothing. Forest shadows seemed to cling to him, and she stepped back as he approached. Decker didn’t smile like Beck did.
“I knew you’d be prowling the forests. A little help,” Beck said, indicating the suitcase.
“This wouldn’t keep happening if you’d gotten your driver’s license.”
“You don’t have yours either.”
The twins glared at each other before Decker strode forward. He and Beck reached for the suitcase and lifted it.
“Her name is Summer, by the way,” Beck said. 
“Has she...,” Decker started to ask.
“No, Decker. Obviously, she just got here. She’s from an orphanage in L.A., and I think this is the first time she’s ever been anywhere with trees. She’s sixteen.”
“Let the girl tell her own story, Beck,” Decker snapped. 
Uncertain what to do with the tension between them, Summer said nothing.
“Do you talk?” Decker asked, turning his attention to her for the first time. Though he was as handsome as his brother, his abrasive manner reminded her too much of the bullies she’d dealt with her whole life.
“Leave her alone,” Beck replied.
Thank you! she cried silently to the nicer of the twins. Beck was hot and sweet. She’d never met someone quite like him. 
They walked in silence down the winding road. The rocks made her twist her ankle more than once. She’d worn sandals, not expecting to hike to get where they were going, and blisters were forming on her heels. She tried not to limp, not wanting to cause even more trouble to them.
A sprawling log building came into view finally and she sighed. It grew larger the closer they got, until they stood on the front porch. Feet aching, Summer sat on the stairs of the porch and pulled off the sandals. The back of her heels were bloodied. She grimaced at the stinging pain.
“Why didn’t you tell her to change shoes before dragging her three miles?” Decker demanded of his brother as they placed her suitcase down.
“I didn’t know what she was wearing.”
The two stood over her. Summer shifted away and stood.
“I’m okay,” she said, holding her sandals in her hand. 
“I’ll show you where the bathroom is,” Decker said and swung open the screen door. 
“I’m sorry, Summer,” Beck said as she passed. “I’ll get you checked in. The girls stay in the main house, so you don’t have to walk anymore.”
She smiled up at him, caught by his teal gaze. He held the screen door open for her, and she paused in the doorway, letting her eyes adjust. The door opened into a tall foyer flanked by an open living area on one side and a formal dining room with a table that stretched thirty feet on the other side. The house was log on the inside, too, making it feel warm and welcoming.
It was nothing like the orphanage, with its cement floors and walls and yard sale furniture. She took in the comfortable, worn leather furniture in the living area featuring a stone hearth and a huge flat screen television mounted on a wall. There were chairs everywhere, as if a group of people had been gathered around to watch a show.
Decker was standing in front of a door down a hall ahead of her, waiting impatiently. She moved into the house. The floors were wooden, covered in thick rugs that quieted her steps.
“Thank you,” she murmured to the darker twin. The bathroom was huge with a small sofa on one wall, several stalls and a row of polished bronzed sinks on top of dark cabinets.
“Sit down,” Decker said with abruptness. He followed her in and opened one cabinet after the other until he found what he sought.
Summer sat down on the couch. He filled a plastic bowl with warm water and a wash cloth and brought it to her. 
“Oh, seriously?” Beck demanded, standing in the doorway. “Starting a little early, aren’t you?”
“You want me to let her bleed to death?” Decker shot back.
“This won’t change anything.”
“Then why are you complaining?”
The Turner twins glared at each other, bristling. Summer stared at them, not understanding what the issue was. They looked ready to fight.
“I can do it,” she said and took the bowl. “Thank you both.”
“You heard her,” Beck said and stepped aside, motioning to the door.
“After you, brother.”
They left. Summer waited for the door to close then shook her head. Whatever sibling rivalry was between the two, they had it bad. She dipped a foot in the warm water and tried to work the blood off without touching her raw heel with the washcloth.
“I told the Turners to get their licenses,” a woman said with a sigh.
Summer looked up as a pretty woman in a flowing dress entered. She was barefoot, and her ankle bracelets jingled with each step. She wore a dazzling turquoise necklace that matched her eyes.
“I’m Amber, one of those who will be overseeing your education. You must be Summer.”
Summer nodded.
“I hope the Turner twins didn’t scare you off already.” Amber laughed.
Summer shook her head. She liked Amber. The blonde woman had a large smile and sparkling eyes. Amber brought her a towel and sat cross-legged on the floor a few feet away.
“Our school is for children with special gifts that keep them from integrating into normal schools. A lot of behavioral issues are simply a lack of understanding by mainstream teachers about how unique some of you are.”
“What do you mean?” Summer asked. “I don’t have behavioral issues.”
“We’ll talk about it more later,” Amber promised. “For now, just know this is a safe environment. We operate classes year round. The summer schedule is very relaxed, more like a college environment than the typical high school schedule. I think you’ll enjoy it.”
Summer looked down at her feet. She dried them without speaking. She’d never lasted more than two months in any one school. It was not a matter of her enjoying it; it was a matter of her and everyone around her surviving it.
So far, she really, really liked this place. It was beautiful and peaceful. Beck was the best-looking guy she’d ever seen, and Amber was far friendlier than any teacher Summer had ever had. With a heavy heart, she realized she couldn’t get attached. In a month or two, people would realize what she was. They’d turn against her, as usual, and this wonderful place with the magickal breeze would be gone from her life.
“I’ll show you to your room,” Amber said.
Summer trailed her through the house and up a set of stairs that led to a second floor lined with doors. She heard the sounds of giggling from behind some of the doors and at least one television as she passed. Amber led her to the end of the hall and opened a door. Summer expected to see the sparse, prison-like sagging metal bunks of the orphanage and was surprised to see two twin beds separated by a nightstand. There was carpet in the bedroom, dressers on either wall, and closets. One dresser was littered with makeup and perfume. The windows above the beds were open, the blue-edged, white curtains matching the fluffy comforters on the bed.
She’d never seen a bed that looked so comfortable!
“Your roommate’s name is Trinity,” Amber said. “She’s on vacation with her family right now. She’ll be back before school starts in about a month.”
Summer’s suitcase was already beside her dresser. She set her purse on the bed and pressed her hand into the comforter.
“Dinner is at six downstairs. We have a few basic rules,” Amber continued. “Dinner is mandatory during weekdays. After dark fall, no one leaves the house without an adult escort. Breakfast hours are from seven to nine and lunch from eleven to one. We keep chefs on staff, so you can order whatever you want. No smoking, no drugs, no candles, no pets, no food in the rooms. The television downstairs goes off every night at ten, but you can stay up as late as you want in your room. There’s also a shuttle that leaves hourly to the store, resort, and a few other small stops around town.”
Summer listened. She walked to the window beside her bed and pushed aside the curtains, gazing into the backyard hedged by two long rows of dorms. In the center were several fire pits, barbecues and picnic tables. As she watched, she saw the Turner twins appear. Beck went to the table with kids wearing jeans and shorts while Decker went to the table where everyone wore black. There were twice as many people at Decker’s table. Two barbecues were going, and the kids at both tables were eating and laughing.
Where the property ended, the forest was thick and the trees swaying. She saw it again, the movement of someone darting into the forest.
“You can go down, if you’d like.”
Summer jumped at the nearness of Amber’s voice.
“No, thank you,” she said. 
“Go down and meet people,” Amber insisted. “The Turner twins will introduce you around.”
Summer’s gaze went to the forest again. Someone was following her, had been since the bus left her. She nodded. 
Satisfied, Amber smiled, saying, “Change shoes and go. Don’t be shy!”
She left. Summer opened her suitcase and pulled out another pair of sandals, these sliding between her toes so as not to hurt her heels. She left the room and trotted down the stairs, exiting the front door.
She heard the laughter of the other teens, but was too entranced in this amazing new world. She found herself waiting to feel the magick she’d sensed earlier, and gazed toward the trees of the forest. She walked to the end of the dorms and then continued along the dirt road into the forest where she’d seen the dark figure disappear. 
Summer was at once intrigued by the sense of magick in the swaying trees.  Sunlight splashed through the pine canopy onto bright purple bluebells that layered the forest floor. Small bushes hunched against trees and one another, and Summer stopped to try a few tart berries.
Continuing into the forest, she watched startled birds flit away above her. The brilliant color of a blue jay made her forget whoever it was that followed her. She followed the bird through the forest and into a small meadow filled with wildflowers.
She’d never been anywhere as beautiful or magickal. Grinning, she ran across the meadow then twirled around in the middle of it, spinning amidst the wildflowers as she stared up at the blue sky. The breeze joined her, throwing her hair around her while filling her again with the warm, tickling sensation.
A dark figure crossed her vision. She stumbled and fell, seeking out the shape she’d seen. No one was there. She pushed herself up. A deep growl made her turn. Staring at her through golden eyes, a sand colored cougar crouched on the other side of the meadow. Its tail twitched.
Summer froze. The animal raised itself and took a step closer. Her heart hammered in her breast. She looked beyond it to the trees then recalled how foolish it would be to try to climb a tree to escape. A beast like this lived in trees.
The growl came again. The great cat lowered itself, hunching its body in a sign it was preparing to pounce.
Summer whirled and ran. The auburn-haired figure ahead of her disappeared into the forest. The growling and sound of pursuit stopped suddenly. She glanced over her shoulder and slowed. The cougar was gone. She pressed her shaking hands to her face. 
It was early for hallucinations. She’d only just arrived. 
“What’re you doing here?”
She looked up, dismayed to see Decker there. He lingered at the edge of the forest, as if sunlight would disable the shadows guarding him. His piercing gaze was on her.
“I was just exploring,” she managed at last.
“Do you know the way back?”
The way he said it made her want to tell him she did, so he’d leave her alone. Summer gazed around her. The forest looked the same in each direction of the meadow. She’d been too absorbed in the forest magick to consider where she went.
“I’m guessing no,” Decker said. “I’ve had to rescue you twice today.”
“I’m fine,” she replied. “It can’t be that hard.”
“Until a cougar corners you.”
She stared at him.
“They’re usually nocturnal. The wildfires are driving them out during daylight. You should probably come back with me.”
She shivered, sensing danger from him, the same danger she’d felt from the cougar. Only instead of pouncing on her, Decker wanted to lure her somewhere. The idea made no sense. Just because he dressed all in black didn’t mean he was any more of a threat than his more cheerful brother.
“C’mon.” He turned and walked into the forest.
With another look around, Summer trailed.
“You’re rooming with Trinity?” he asked.
“Yes.”
“When’s your birthday?”
“Next month.”
“So is mine.” He stopped to look at her curiously. “What date?”
“Twentieth.”
“I’m on the nineteenth. I’ll be eighteen. I assume you’ll be seventeen. Turning seventeen is a big deal here,” he told her and continued walking.
“Seventeen? I thought most people considered sixteen the big year.”
“Not here.”
They reached the edge of the forest and the school property. He headed for the picnic tables, but she stopped.
“There’s food,” he said over his shoulder.
“No thanks.”
“You’re on your own. Stay out of the forest.”
Irritated at his rebuke, she trudged to the road that wrapped around the dorms, not wanting to meet anyone just yet. Chances were, she’d be gone soon anyway. No use making friends. She went back to her room, and her spirits brightened. She’d never had her own room, even if this one was only hers alone for another month. 
Summer flung herself across the bed, sinking into it with a deep sigh. She’d never had such comfortable bedding, such a peaceful place to sleep. She eyed the dresser. While she’d had dressers, she’d never unpacked.
She unzipped her suitcase and pulled out the old wooden jewelry box holding her treasures. Her eyes went to the pile of jewelry and makeup on Trinity’s dresser. Summer tentatively set her box on her own dresser and sat down, staring at it. It looked lonely and small.
Her sense of anxiety grew again, and she took it down. She didn’t know how long she’d stay; it was easier to keep everything packed up. Picking out her least worn clothing, she set it on the bed for dinner then set her alarm and lay down for a nap.
 


Available from: Amazon, Amazon UK and Barnes and Noble



 Witchling Series
“Dark Summer”
“Autumn Storm” (April 5)
“Winter Fire” (May 10)
“Spring Rain” (Fall 2013)





