Yraid
by Kay Hemlock Brown
Copyright © Kay Hemlock Brown, 2020
Published at Smashwords, Smashwords.com
ISBN :  9781005827083
16 FEB 2021
Cover design copyright © 2020 by Kay Hemlock Brown
Cover art copyright © 2020 by Gina de Luna



Table of Contents
1 a little about me
2 a little more
3 Roosters
4 watching pets
5 Saturdays with mom
6 m/a criteria
7 reading
8 writing
9 voyeur
10
11 umbrella
12 Leslie
13 parapluie returns
14
15 thanksgiving
16 uv
17 molly visits!
18 phone
19 visit
20 ramble
21 an invitation
22 practice
23 cookies
24 electronics
25 surprise
26 trouble
27 a glimpse of dad
28 picking up andy
29 asparagus stalks
30 debriefing
Afterword








1 a little about me
I had never had a serious relationship.
All through high school, I felt that my classmates were too immature.  I knew too much about them to think anything else.
When I got to college, well, I still thought the other students were immature.  But now, I wanted to have a relationship with someone, but with whom?  I studied all the kids I saw, desperately hoping that one would come up to my—actually quite low—standards of maturity, and be moderately attractive.  But my hopes were dashed; the attractive ones were immature, and the moderately mature ones were unattractive, and I began to realize that I had to lower my standards even further.
I had roommates, of course.  My senior year, it so happened that my roommate and I were both anxious not to stumble into a romance, or whatever you call it, just because we were, well, roommates.  Roomies, is what it was called; I heard the word being used in the hallways.
We always kept our clothes on, anxious about too much skin being seen, which might influence our, well, feelings for each other.  She always looked just a little grim; I know I looked a bit grim myself.

Well, four years ground on, and just after graduation, my roomie approached me, a little cautiously, I thought.
“Would you write to me once you go home?” she asked, with a smile.
I said, oh, OK—snail-mail or e-mail?
“Either one.  Snail is better,” she said, and handed me a little piece of paper.
Then she smiled, and I tried to smile back.  I should have offered her my own address, but it didn’t cross my mind.
“It was a good year,” she said, serious as always.  We’d been together only one year; the previous years I had roomed with several losers—well, I’m not in a position to point the finger, I suppose; I had always assumed that I was a loser too, but these girls had struck me as being absolute winners in the “loser” category—and this girl was the only roomie with whom I had been “neutral” in my assessment.
Soon afterwards, she had left without a backward glance.

—:—:—

2 a little more
OK, a little about myself.
I’m absolutely average.
I wasn’t very good at anything, but I was good enough to get C’s in most subjects, and higher grades in a lot of subjects.  This is what happens when you attend a school that worries about students sticking it out for four years.  They think that unless they give you A’s, you’re going to transfer.  Meanwhile, they teach quite sophisticated material, but they never test you on it.  Some teachers never even give you a chance to show that you’ve remembered any of it.
So anyway, I’m average at math, but I made mostly B’s.  I’m average at English, but I made mostly A’s.  History, Economics, Art, everything was a B.  (Music was a C, because they expected too much.  Can you believe it?)

The last time I looked in the mirror was when I was just about to go into Grade 9.  I looked pretty grim even then; owlish eyes, a mouth that went straight across, a jaw that was too long, eyebrows that were just this side of being actually shaggy, medium wavy hair, medium ears, grey eyes …
Oh, it’s too disgusting.
At least I’m not short; that would have been enough for me to shoot myself.  And I was slim.
It struck me that I had the body type to be a witch, if they would only take me.

I must take a few minutes to describe my parents.  They were both slim, about the same height; I’d say something like five and three-quarters feet.  My father looked permanently dyspeptic, and my mother looked grim.  My father worked various jobs, finally as a librarian.  My mother was an accountant.  They were both accountants, one kept track of books, and the other kept track of money.
When I was about fifteen or sixteen, I got the strong impression that my father was secretly in love with some other woman.  Shortly afterwards, I got the equally strong impression that my mother knew, but not who the woman was.  I also knew that they had not discussed it.  They never discussed much of anything at all.  Why they had ever got married, I do not know, and honestly don’t care.
Anyway, my mother was waiting for my father to make his move, which I thought was a losing strategy.  My father had never made a move in his life (well, almost never).  So they waited and waited.  Finally, when I graduated, my mother took me aside, and told me that she was leaving my father.
“Why?” I asked.  
She just shrugged.  “You can live with me, or with your … paternal ancestor.”
“OK?”
“Tell me now; I have to negotiate with him.”
“What for?”
She made a sound of annoyance.  “Fine.  I’ll work around that.”

I never got to know the details of the arrangement, but I stayed with my mother in the house briefly; my father got an apartment in town.

—:—:—
3 Roosters
Well, now that I was a graduate, I was determined to get a job.  My number one criterion for a job was: I wanted one where they would Just Leave Me Alone.
I registered with an employment agency, and they set me up with a temps company, who immediately sent me out as a greeter for a restaurant.
That was weird.  I would have thought that, once the people met me, they would never put me in a place where me being grim would be a liability.  Anyway, I greeted people, took them out to a table, handed them menus, and told them that a server would be with them shortly.  They usually thanked me gravely, and that was that.  Of course, there were no tips involved, nothing like that.
I kept that job for three years, and I made enough money to get an apartment, and eat fairly well.

I’m a failed author, you know.  I have written a couple of books, but I think they’re hopeless.  I just can’t write convincingly about attractive people with nice personalities; it just doesn’t work.  So I have decided to write about sad people with no personalities, namely myself and my parents.

—:—:—
4 watching pets
OK, back to our regularly scheduled programming.  (I never watched TV very much; I just couldn’t stand watching the antics of impossibly attractive, impossibly shallow people.  But I have picked up a few phrases here and there.  Come on down.  That sort of thing.)
One thing about my life is that it is filled with a sort of sameness.  The same things keep happening, and nothing changes for long stretches of time.  Luckily, I’m used to this, so I can pay complete attention to being grim in a very consistent way.  I welcome the customers, and walk them to the table that I have figured out using the magic formula I have been given, and give them their menus, tell them about the waiter who is going to be all agog to wait on them, and respectfully take my leave.  I don’t know whether the restaurant took in any more money since I joined, or lost money because of me, or what.  I suppose it stayed exactly the same.

The problem with my life was that I was so without anybody in my circle that I was beginning to become a little strained.  I realized I was craving company.  I began to notice people.
Actually, at first I began to notice pets.  If I happened to walk somewhere, and came across someone with a dog, I noticed it, and often I would catch the animal’s eye.  Some dogs would be fairly cool, and just raise an eyebrow at me.  Other dogs would follow me with their eyes until I was out of sight.  Occasionally I would see a cat.  Cats never look you in the eye, unless you gaze at them for a while, which is something you cannot do while walking along the street.  Cats looking out on the street from a window are a different case; usually they’re on the lookout for birds and stuff, maybe squirrels.  If a window-cat noticed me, it would seem to plainly say “What?”  And of course, I would not have a ready response to that conversational gambit.

It was after about a year of this that I began to notice people in the supermarket.  I would only go grocery shopping when I had lots of time, and I actually found myself skulking in certain aisles, observing people shopping.
I started off watching the customers waiting for prescriptions at the pharmacy counter.  Ours was an enormous supermarket, and it had a huge pharmacy, and a raft of pharmacists, and there were usually about a half-dozen people waiting for their drugs.  But it soon became clear that they were mostly sickos.  They would go home with absolute mountains of drugs, and I decided to move on.
Almost any other department was good, since my dad no longer worked in the supermarket.
If I chose my hiding-place well, I could observe little kids helping their mothers.  The mothers, of course, went according to the maturity law I have established: the pretty ones were immature, and the mature ones were dogs.  But the kids were often interesting.
This discovery upset and confused me.  I wondered why I had never noticed little kids before.  One thing was, of course, that nobody with kids ever visited us in our jolly home.  Also, we were not religious, and so we never went to church or Sunday school or any such place where kids were on the menu.  When I myself was a kid, I don’t remember noticing any of my fellow-kids; I think I classified them as being obnoxiously noisy, and thus repugnant.  (I apologize for using big words; I had set out to use only small, dull words, as would befit an audience of people interested in small, dull things, but you have got to admit that bigger words sometimes hit the spot very well.)

—:—:—
5 Saturdays with mom
Soon after I had got myself a land-line my mother called me, and asked me nicely whether I would stop by the library sometime.  (My father had been transferred to head a branch library, which meant my mother could enjoy visiting the library, something she couldn’t do, or really wouldn’t do as long as my father was on the staff at that library.)  So my mother and I got into the habit of meeting—in our own grim way—at the library, and looking for books to take home and read.  She never showed me her books, and I wouldn’t show her mine; not because there was anything shameful about my choices, but I felt that she didn’t deserve to see what I was planning to read.
My mother isn’t a bad sort, really, except that she is so grim, which is fine by me.  My dad isn’t grim, but he always looked—and still looks, really—as though things are just about to go completely out of control.
“Well, guess what,” my mother said, as we left the library together.  “Remember that woman I thought your father was crazy about?”
Now, she had never spoken about this woman to me; I had simply come to learn about it from snatches of conversation I had overheard, but I played along, and nodded.
“He has never even spoken to her once!”
That was the first time my mother had ever told me anything that warranted an exclamation point, sadly.
I asked her how she knew.
“Well, I took on an accounting job on the side, and it turned out she was the owner of the business.  She’s quite nice.  We got to know each other, and, well, one day I just came right out and asked her.  She was stunned; he had never even spoken to her.  It was all in his mind.  He has a very active imagination.”  Probably came of hanging about in libraries too much.

—:—:—
6 M/A criteria
In case you’re wondering whether I like males or females, I can clarify this pretty easily.  I’m kind of equal opportunity.  Because of my maturity / attractiveness criteria—which I will call my M/A criteria in what follows—I tend to study quiet, feminine women.  And for much the same reason, I tend to check out quiet, feminine men, too.  Masculine people tend to come across to me as immature in the extreme, rightly or wrongly.

—:—:—
7 reading
One day, I took a book home from the library, and decided to actually read it.  This was a departure from my usual practice of taking books home and not reading them.  Since I did not have TV, books were actually a natural for entertainment, and ironically, I started reading right after I graduated from college.
To my amazement, I found the characters all very attractive, and because of the hard times a few of them were experiencing, I began to feel utterly sorry for them.  I began to see them in my dreams, and I was startled to find myself having feelings for them, and even wanting to give them hugs, to make them feel better.  This was so against my usual habits that I did not know what to think of it.
This trend continued.  I read fairly slowly, and eat slowly, and cook slowly, and tidy my apartment slowly, so I don’t get through more than one book a month, if they’re short books.
I brought home a longer book around October, and by the time I finished it, I was a ball of mush on the inside, upset about one of the characters.  (The other characters were all bastards.)  The book was one of a series, and I had to bring home the sequels, and continued to suffer heartburn over the plight of that character, and other characters introduced in the second volume.
This is what happens in the so-called Dime Store Romances, I realized.  I had stumbled on books that belonged to the, let us say, upper echelons of the Dime Store Romance genre.  But it was the same no matter which book I chose; I would always begin to suffer agonies on behalf of the underdogs in the story.

—:—:—
8 writing
“Do you keep in touch with the people from college?” my mother asked one Saturday, as we were leaving the library.
I said that I didn’t.  She began questioning me about my social life, which did not exist, and soon began to feel anxious.  I noticed that she herself was looking a lot less grim than I was used to seeing her, and I was wondering why.
But her line of questioning had got me thinking about my senior-year Roomie, whose address I was in possession of.  One of these days, I said to myself, I’m going to have to drop her a line, as the saying goes.  I could have waited for a letter from her, but of course I had not thought of giving her my address.  So I wrote to her.
Dear Roomie,
I came across your address and thought to write.
My first job, which I still have, is as a greeter in a restaurant, the Rooster chain.  Rooster is quite successful in our region.  But the greeter is sort of low down in the restaurant hierarchy, so I don’t make a lot of money.  Just enough to keep the body together, I don’t know about the soul.
How are you making out?  I know my success isn’t so great as to intimidate you into not telling me all about it, that’s one good thing about this position.
I have a little apartment, an efficiency, which is pretty efficient, as apartments go.
I apologize for the humorous tone of this letter; after a whole year of not a single joke, this might be a bit too much!
Your obedient Roomie,
Aggie.

Oh yes, I forgot to reveal that my name is Agnes.  That’s actually my middle name; the complete thing is Madlyn Agnes Harper.  When people are in the mood to address me, Aggie is what they address me as.  To paraphrase Paul Simon, “When you call me, you can call me Aggie.”

Well, I was stunned to receive a reply within a week or so.  My Roomie, whose name was Leslie Barnhardt (no kidding) wrote as follows:
Dear Aggie,
It was nice to receive your letter!  I laughed at a lot of places.  There were no jokes as such, but you write a very funny letter!
I’m also working as a receptionist, believe it or not, at a small business in town.  We live just across the river from New York City, and there are lots of businesses in our town.  I may make a few dollars more than you do, but I still have to live with the parents, because, you know, cost of living, and all that.
I’m finding it really hard to make friends around here.  I mean, you and I weren’t pals when we roomed together, but you were good company, in your own way.  Here, my parents are busy all the time, I don’t have any siblings in the house (I have an older brother and an older sister, who both live away from home, I’m the youngest) and I don’t meet anyone at all, leave alone someone interesting.
I’ve gotten to people-watching when I go to the supermarket.  I go on any excuse, and I practically stalk interesting-looking people, and that’s my only social outlet, if you could call it that.  But you’d be amazed, it really works.  I sort of pretend that some of the regulars are my friends!!
I’m a little embarrassed to share that with you, but you’re not in any position to ruin my reputation!  Haha!
Well, your letter really made my day.  Please keep writing!
Yours,
Leslie.

It was written on good stationery paper, just as mine had been, no perfume, no nonsense.
As I said, I was stunned.  It was actually the first letter I had gotten from anyone outside my family, and certainly the first long exchange of any sort with old Leslie, and I could hardly believe some of the things she was saying.
I had assumed that I was pretty much in the most miserable circumstances of anyone I knew in college, but though Leslie was working for probably a more substantial business than I was, she was certainly not making out like a bandit.
And when she talked (or wrote, anyway) about being lonely, I just could not take it in.  She, too, was getting some satisfaction in observing people in her supermarket, what were the chances of that?  And she lived with her parents, something that I did not have to put up with, though I had to endure my mother’s company on a Saturday morning.

I did not want to fire a reply back, because I felt that would give old Les the impression that I had nothing to do but write to her.  (But that was pretty close to the truth.)

—:—:—
9 voyeur
I stumbled on the idea of watching people through my window quite by accident.  I hadn’t realized that a certain window in the apartment looked out over a moderately busy sidewalk.  One day I had decided to sit right there, and watch the street.  Usually I was always doing something, like reading.  Actually that was all I did.  But this day, I had finished the book I had been reading, and been moderately satisfied that the characters in the book were not really hurting in any way.  So I watched the street.
Most of the people I saw were boring.  Men in suits, hurrying somewhere—I couldn’t imagine any place that warranted hurrying to, but, well, these were guys in suits, who notoriously had terrible judgement anyway—kids on bicycles, old ladies walking yappy little terriers, old fellows marching towards downtown, some of them eating a cigarette.
Then I saw a girl with a long, red braid, with a purse under her arm, wearing a calf-length skirt and a jacket, walking towards me.  She passed my house, and continued walking up the street.  It wasn’t a really long braid, but it was down to about her waist.  She wore a little frown, but best of all was her mouth.  It seemed to be the most perfect mouth on a human being, soft and perfectly formed.
I had to lie in wait for her, to see if she would come back.  And it was about an hour later, but she did come back.  I was partly hidden behind a tree, and I watched her to my heart’s content.
Thereafter, I watched her every chance I got, and I learned that she lived in an apartment across the street from me, and one block up the hill.
That’s all I knew about her for more than a month.  Then, one day, I arranged to be heading slowly in the direction she would walk back home.  I was obstructing her way, so she had to step around me.
“Excuse me,” she said, and smiled, and immediately walked on ahead, her smile gone from her face.  I watched surreptitiously as she entered her building, and stopped to check her mailbox, which was the second one on the top row.  A little later, I knew her name, it was Judy Billings.
So what?  There was precious little I could do with the information.  But one thing struck me, her voice.  It was the sweetest voice I had ever heard.  Excuse me!  Wow.  I could obstruct her way every single day, and she would have to say Excuse me each time, to pass me!

—:—:—
10
For many months, nothing happened.  This girl—woman, really—went by my window just before I had to set out for work.  She only went past on Mondays, Wednesdays and Thursdays, but she never missed those days.  She was something that became a necessary interruption of my day, which was filled with nothing—except reading, on days when I had a book.
I wanted so much to, well, interfere with her; interrupt her walk past my apartment; just thrust my face into hers and be recognized.  But the fact of her unawareness of me was part of her attraction for me, and I knew it, and I didn’t want to mess with it.
It was several months since I discovered her.  Then, one Monday, she did not appear.  I was very upset.  I got out of the apartment, and looked for her up and down the street, but it was futile; I went back inside.  If she did not show up on Wednesday, I would do something.  But she was back on Wednesday.

There was a definite air of weariness about her.  I memorized every detail of her face, her hair, her posture, her stride, her clothes, and I knew well some six outfits that she wore all the time, in rotation.

—:—:—
11 umbrella
One exciting  Wednesday, it started raining like crazy just as she passed the entrance to my building.  She just had to take shelter on our steps, since she had no umbrella.  I couldn’t see her properly when she got up on our steps, so I went out of the apartment, and out the front doors, and there she was.
I observed that it was raining.  She started, and turned round to see who was talking.  Still looking worried, she looked back at the street, and said, yes, it certainly was.  I absorbed every little bit of sound of her angelic voice.
It really wasn’t that angelic; it was a perfectly ordinary voice.  But the quality that had struck me on that Excuse me day was still there.
I asked her whether she had to be somewhere, and she turned and studied me, trying to figure just how much she should reveal.  She said it wasn’t urgent, but just something she did.  That was evasive, but it seemed quite reasonable at the time, in the mind-set I was in.  I asked whether she would like to borrow an umbrella.  Her eyes widened in hope, and she said, yes; that would be really helpful!  I led the way into my apartment, but she didn’t follow.  I got an old umbrella I had, and brought it down to her.  The one good thing about that umbrella was that it worked, and was quite wide.  The fabric was all faded, and I was slightly embarrassed.
“Oh, this is perfect!  I’ll get it back to you!” she said.
I told her to keep it.
Then she was off, with one parting smile at me.

I stumbled back into the apartment, closed the door, and collapsed into one of the two chairs I had, holding my head, overwhelmed with having met her, and listened to her voice speaking so many words to me!
She was beautiful.  She had conducted herself with the greatest correctness.  I did not lust after her, really, but I couldn’t let her go.  I had to pursue her, find out all about her, get to know her.

—:—:—
12 Leslie
Then Leslie wrote back.
Hi Aggie,
You never wrote back.  I was sort of really wanting to continue our correspondence!  I hope I did not say something stupid that put you off?
I don’t want to labor this point, but there is really nothing going on here, so not getting a letter back looms like a really big deal!
I’ve taken to reading fiction, now.  I read every kind of fiction.  Our library has a section of new fiction, where I can sort of browse through, and pick something that seems interesting.  I also go into the stacks, and look for authors whom I have heard about.  Since your letter came, I’ve sort of been on a humor kick!  I have discovered some collections which are really funny.  One of them had a piece by Woody Allen, would you believe it? and I nearly died laughing!
Our waiting room at work also has some newspapers, and occasionally I pick one up and read it.  Don’t try this, the news is the worst.  Not any particular bit of news, but, you know, I’d rather not know.
Well, over to you!
Love,
Leslie.

This was a little upsetting somehow.  Writing to Leslie was revealed as a sort of duty.  Not an unpleasant duty, just something expected.  What was I to write to her about?  There was no way I was going to tell her about this girl I am going crazy over.  Now I have to be concerned with how she will plan to return the umbrella, if she decides to ignore my offhand suggestion that she should keep the thing for herself.  She probably has a wonderful umbrella of her own, and mine would just take up space in her apartment.
She also said “Love, Leslie.”
That was totally unexpected.  What did she mean?  Only my parents had ever said or written anything on those lines, and not more than a couple of times.  If I replied, would I have to say: “Love, Aggie”?  That would be so strange.

—:—:—
13 parapluie returns
The following day, I saw the red-headed girl coming down the street.  (Yes, Judy.  I try not to think of her as Judy, for fear that I might blurt out her name, and then have to explain how I knew it.)  She disappeared into our front steps, and pretty soon, my fit of shivering anticipation was interrupted by a timid knock.  I was dressed for work, as always.  I opened the door, and there she was, with a grateful smile.
“Oh, hi,” I said, “come in!”
“I just came to return the umbrella,” she said, in her lovely voice.  “I got myself one, see?”  It was a generic folding umbrella, unlike my own venerable parapluie.  (That’s French for an umbrella designed to protect from rain, as opposed to a parasol, which protects from the sun.)  “By the way, I’m Judy!”  She offered her hand, and I shook it.  It felt cool and dry.
Aggie, I said, and she repeated it.  She passed me the umbrella I had lent her.
“Oh, well, thanks,” I said, with an embarrassed smile.  The thing looked so raggedy that I had to say something.  “Wish I had something a little newer to lend you!  Ha ha!”
“What does it matter, as long as it works?” she said, her face serious.
“Take a seat!”
“No, there’s someplace I have to be before five,” she said, “so I have to get going.  Thanks, anyway!  Well, I’ll see you later!”
I expressed mild disappointment, and saw her to the front door, and she walked briskly down the street.
Just to be clear, the road past the front of my building was slightly inclined downward to the center of town, so this girl’s apartment building was uphill.  Very slightly.

It was time for me to set out for work, but today I had a delicious encounter to relive and play over in my mind, while I conducted people to their tables.  Her hair was a dark red, not the orangey shade that some redheads have.  I never paid attention to the terminology of hair color, because I used to think it was frivolous in the extreme.  Everyone I knew, and everyone I cared about had brown hair, including myself, and so in my chauvinistic way, I had never taken note of hair color.

—:—:—
14
To come back to Leslie’s letter, I just could not harden myself enough to keep from answering her, even though I felt that writing back would be the first step in a chain of, you know, obligations.  So I answered back without much warmth, and I felt like a dog for playing games with her.

Dear Leslie,
Sorry about the delay in writing back.
I really did not have much to write about, so I waited.  Anyhow, not a lot has changed.
I live in my own apartment now, and my mother suggested I meet her at the library on Saturday mornings, so now every Saturday, we meet at the library, and get books to take home.
You may be surprised to learn that I read a lot now too; almost all of it fiction.  Also, I do a little of the people-watching in the supermarket thing.  I think it is mostly harmless, as long as you’re not staring, I guess.
Don’t be anxious if I don’t reply right away the next time. I’m just waiting for something to report, that’s all.
Yours,
Aggie.

I expected that that should keep her quiet for a while, while I sorted out this Judy business.

—:—:—
15 thanksgiving
It was getting close to Thanksgiving.  To my surprise, my mother suggested that I spend Thanksgiving with my grandmother!
“Why not with you?” I asked, though Thanksgiving with the Momster would not be very exciting; I had spent twenty-something Thanksgivings with the parents, and I suspected that at least half the boredom had to be blamed on my mother.  On the other hand, now that I think about it …
“I … sort of have plans,” she said, and blushed.
I had never seen my mother blush; this was the first time.
“Oh.  Do I get to meet this person?”
She thought out her reply carefully, watching me.  “It isn’t yet at the point where … I can take any risks,” she said, with a slight smile.
I was surprised, though I didn’t let on.  To be considered a social risk was both exciting, and slightly insulting.
“Oh, by all means,” I said, “minimize the risks.”
“Don’t feel insulted, Aggie …”
“No, no, no,” I said, and honestly, I found that I was only too happy to learn that the old girl was picking up the pieces, and getting on with it.  It was time that she cut herself a break.  My father had been a millstone around her neck for far too long.  I have to be honest, though his anxious genes still run in my veins.
“I’ll call Grandma, and set it up.”
“No; I’m going to spend it at home,” I said, meaning my apartment.  I wanted to see what it would be like.  I wondered what my father would be doing, but I felt it was above my pay-grade to make inquiries about his Thanksgiving plans.

Thanksgiving is a big day at Rooster, it turns out.  I learned about all the special things they would do, though I personally needed to do hardly anything different.  The restaurant would close early, to give the workers an opportunity to get home and celebrate with their grateful families.
Unlike the wait staff, I was allowed to wear a skirt and shirt or blouse.  They had to wear a shirt and uniform pants.  For Thanksgiving, it was a dress shirt and black pants, which the company would lend them.  Also, I had to start work a couple of hours earlier, so I would miss my regular slavering over Judy, damn.

I had stopped to think about working at Rooster’s, and had been surprised that I hated it a lot less than I had expected.  About half the people working there were losers, but the other half were quite decent, and one of the managers—one of two—had asked me nicely to look just a little less grim, not too much, and I had promised to try.  Apparently I had succeeded beyond my wildest dreams.  People liked a sincere grim look far more than an insincere smile.  But I was not trying especially hard, so evidently my countenance and expression was just perfect for what the management wanted.
So on Thanksgiving, I was dressed and ready at Rooster in the early afternoon, with my coat all hung up in the staff closet, and my umbrella put carefully away.  The girl who greeted for the early shift was just saying goodbye to some of the friendlier departing customers, and I was getting ready to take her place, when I was shocked to see, in the line of people waiting for tables, none other than Judy Billings.
She had not yet spotted me.  I seated the first two customers, who had come in together, and there was Judy, surprised to see me.
“Oh, hi!  What a surprise!”
“Yeah, I work here!  Welcome!  Table for …”
“It’s just me,” she said, looking a little flustered.  She had lovely green eyes, and I was fighting a battle to keep my equilibrium.  I thought fast, and managed to think of the best table I could give her, with a waiter who was the best available.  I walked her over, and got her seated, and gave her a menu.
“Wes will be your waiter; he’ll be over soon.  Something to drink?”
“I don’t know; let me check out the menu …”
“Wes or I will be back,” I said, trying not to stammer.

There were only two more parties to seat.  I did it slowly and carefully, so that they didn’t feel rushed.  Everything was perfect.  I was able to saunter over to Judy’s table, where she was waiting for me, and gave me a brilliant smile.
“I think I’ll try the Zinfandel,” she said, “though this one looks more interesting!  I don’t know very much about wine, I must confess!”
“Actually, that one is really good!  I’ll be right back.”
There was nobody waiting to be seated, though I could see a couple walking up.  I had time to hurry up to the manager, and tell him I would like to give my friend a bottle of wine on my account, if that was possible.  No problem, he said, you tell the bar your choice, and send it over.
Wes took the bottle over, with a glass and all the equipment, and when I next had a minute to visit with Judy, she was happily settled with the wine.
“I really like this wine!” she said, smiling all over her face.
“Told you!”
“I ordered lasagna,” she disclosed softly, “I don’t like turkey very much!”
That was my preference, too; turkey seemed something other people should eat, not me.
“We’re giving corn pudding and all the other poisons on demand today,” I informed her, and her eyes went wide.
“Really?”
“Yes, ma’am.  Just ask Wes when he brings out your order.”
“When do you get to eat?”
“We close early today,” I told her.

It so happened, she stayed until closing time, sipping her wine, and I walked by her table to check on her.
“If you would like to wait until I go off work, I would walk you home,” I said.
“That would be awesome,” she replied, and I could see that she had been planning to have it turn out that way.
More than half of the wine in her bottle was left, which the fellows at the bar helped us seal with a fresh cork, and I got my stuff together, and we took our leave of the workers who were left, which was most of them, since the place had to be cleaned up, ready for the following day.  I could go, because the greeter had hardly any duties.  We set out, headed towards my apartment, up the main street.
“So, that’s where you work!”
Yeah, I said; it was a humble occupation.
“Don’t they even give you something to take home, today, of all days?”
“Oh … I wonder whether they would …”
There was a yell from the darkened doorway of the Rooster, behind us.  “Hey, Aggie!  Where you going in such a hurry?”
It turned out that they did have a packet for me to take home!  It took less than a minute for us to go back, take possession of the large Styrofoam container they were offering, and head out again.
Damn, I said, it was probably a lot of turkey.  “Not that I’m ungrateful,” I said, “but I really don’t like turkey!”
“I know; me neither.  I can get it down if I have to,” said Judy.
We walked slowly up the street, initially with no thought to what dangers lurked in the darker corners.  Eventually Judy remarked that she was glad to have company on her way home; she was afraid of the dark stretches, of which there were a couple.
I promised to walk her all the way up to her door.
“Actually, if you really hate turkey, we could sort what they gave you, and I could take just the turkey?”
“Oh, you can have the whole thing, really.”
“No, I got my own leftovers, see?”

She managed to persuade me to come all the way into her apartment, and I was curious to see it, so I went in.  And waiting to welcome her home was a lovely Boxer mix, whose name she said was Molly.
Molly greeted her owner fairly sedately, and then focused on me.  Now, I had never owned a dog, nor had we ever had family friends who did.  So I simply smiled, and let Molly do her thing.  She came over cautiously, sniffed me up carefully, and suddenly decided she liked me, and gave me a tiny little lick on the cheek.
“Oh, she approves!  That was a little kiss, you know, Aggie.”
It was really a condominium, enormously spacious, with quite luxurious furniture, in fact, more luxurious than what we had had in our own house.  I felt completely outclassed.
“This is nice,” I said.
“Thank you,” she said, a little embarrassed.  “With such a nice kitchen, I really ought to cook more,” she added.  “But today, I felt like just sitting back, and letting someone else do the work!”  We both laughed.  “I’m glad I did!”
We opened up the packets they had given me, and as I had suspected, there was a lot more turkey than I could eat, which Judy gratefully took.  “I hope you won’t be offended if Molly gets a little of this?”
“That’s right, she will appreciate it, won’t she …”
“Oh, you’d better believe it.”
The wine was put away in a special wine closet, which was completely empty, and the remaining food in my packet was re-packed carefully, so that I could take it home.
“Thank you so much!  Happy Thanksgiving!”
I wished her the same, and we shook hands, and she saw me to the door.  She, and the dog Molly, came with me to the front steps of the building, and watched me all the way to my own apartment building.

Once I got in my door and locked it behind me, I felt worse than I had ever felt before.  Judy had been excellent company for a couple of hours.  I put the food carefully away, and sat down to analyze what I was feeling.  The perfection of Judy, how beautifully she had responded to everything that happened, at the restaurant, on the walk home, and after we got into her home, all made me think of how empty my life was.
That night, I lay in bed, imagining my arms around Judy, and that was what I dreamed of that night.  She was gentle, and tender, and I melted under her hands.  But in the morning I was all right; I was lonely, but it seemed good enough to be a few yards away from Judy, rather than at my grandmother’s, trying to make conversation with her.

—:—:—
16 uv
On Monday, just when I had gotten myself completely calmed down, along came a letter from Leslie.
Hi, Aggie :)
I had a good Thanksgiving, given that everybody else there was over the age of 50!  I’m not going to complain; people eventually reach that age, and ideally keep going.
Did you take notice of the Buffalo Chicken Wings craze that was going around on Campus?  I steered clear of that, but I just thought I’d try a sample of that, and, whoa boy, what a trip!  I’m not really into spicy food, but I have to make an exception for this thing.  It’s…
There followed a detailed description of the delicacy; it was basically deep-fried chicken wings doused in any one of a variety of sauces.  Rooster’s featured them on Thursdays (but not on Thanksgiving, I don’t think) and I had looked in at the manufacturing stage, and learned all the theory.
Anyway, it is awesome!  I stay away from “suicide”, and the infra-red end of the spectrum, but the milder sauces are all perfect, except for the really sweet sauces, which are, well, I guess I have to be tactful in case you might happen to like them, but they’re not for me.
My gosh, it’s been almost a year!  Have you grown any?  I’m the same height, same width, and all the other parameters are essentially unchanged.  Oh, except for my hair; I have a really short cut, and I have colored it a darker brown than before.  Does that reveal anything about me?
I’m thinking of getting a pet.  The problem is that you either have to walk them, if it’s a dog, or keep a litter-box, if it’s a cat.  Litter boxes are the invention of the devil.  Walking a dog is not so bad.  Please do not hesitate to reveal your thoughts on the subject.
Love,
Leslie

Well.  What do you know; this woman was getting to be quite a brilliant correspondent.  I had never exchanged more than a couple of words a week with her.  If I had, I would have discovered that she was a brilliant conversationalist, or slightly brilliant anyway.  (Some people write a lot better than they talk, I know.  Some of the dullest people in English class got the highest scores on their written work.)
It was no chore to reply to the Leslie.  I was obliged to acknowledge her letter-writing skills, and not just because she had sort of done so for mine.

Hey, Les,
I just got your information-packed epistle, and was astounded by its zip and verve.  In fact, I’m going to respond to it sentence-by-sentence, in case I miss any tiny opportunity to lob back a gem.
My Thanksgiving was very strange.  My parents have sort of split up (something that was threatening to happen for several years) and I was surprised when my mother invited me to spend Thanksgiving with my grandmother.  Apparently my mother had arranged to spend Thanksgiving with a secret friend (secret only from me, of course).  So I was planning to incinerate a little bird in my own oven, when my employer announced that the restaurant would be open for Thanksgiving, and that I would be paid extra.  This was an offer I could refuse, but the prospect of being fed for the holiday was a jolly one.
Well, imagine my surprise to see one of my neighbors lining up for a table!  She’s getting to be a sort of buddy, and I set her up at a good table, and afterwards walked her home.  Get this, she had the cutest dog, a Boxer called Molly, who licked my cheek.  Supposedly, this is how Molly gives you a kiss!
About Buffalo Chicken Wings, it so happens that Roosters offer them once a week, and I have watched them being constructed—it’s simple.  All the ingenuity goes into the sauces, as you might have guessed.  And no, I haven’t tasted the things, though maybe this is an idea to pursue with Molly and her owner … By the way, in computer usage, hotter temperatures are considered to be bluer, so you should have said that you avoid the ultra violet end of the sauce spectrum.
About having changed appearance: no, I’m exactly the same, maybe a pound or so heavier than in the old academy days.  I dress a tiny bit better, to present a professional image, but other than that, the same.
You dyed your hair??  Wow, what got into you?  All that lovely blond silky hair?  Don’t get me wrong, I’m not really into long blond locks in the way people who like it—like it, but if I had hair like that, I would have thought twice.  Send me a picture, if you can!  You know what?  Send me e-mail just for once; you can go back to paper mail after that.
Regards,
Aggie, the Unchanging

—:—:—
17 molly visits!
But the surprises for the day weren’t yet over.  While I was getting comfortable in my seat by the window to watch for Judy,  I heard her knock on my door.  (I knew her knock, just from hearing it once.)  I was at the door before I could get flustered, and there was Judy, with Molly!
“Molly wanted to come and visit!” she said brightly.
I got on my knees and gave the dog a hug, and got a nice wet Willie in my ear.  She felt and smelled perfect!
“Always welcome!” I said, trying not to explode with satisfaction.  “I don’t have anything to offer you, unfortunately, except for a stale croissant,” I added, hoping they would not say that the croissant was better than nothing.
“No need for anything,” Judy said, “we just stepped out a second ago, and we’re on our way on my usual little errand!  I’ll have to think of a way to do it with canine company, though.”
“Can I help?” I asked.
“It’s just the Post Office,” she said.  “If I tie her leash to something, she should be OK for the usual five minutes it takes.”
“Tell you what, I’ll come along, and hold her leash until you’re done.”
Judy looked thoughtful.  “That would be lovely … are you comfortable with dogs?”
“I wouldn’t say so, but I don’t think Molly will be any trouble!”
“She normally wouldn’t.  Let’s try that, if you’re sure!  What time do you have to start work?”
“Oh, around 6:00,” I said.  We were soon setting out, with Judy happily marching along, and me trying to look as if I often escorted Boxers to the Post Office, and Molly grinning at each of us in turn.  She had a certain leggy grace, like a dancer.  I have never seen a more graceful dog than that.
In a few minutes we were at the Post Office, and Judy gave me the leash, and went inside.  I could tell that Judy did not expect any trouble.
Molly smiled at me, and then looked into the Post Office, and gave a sort of whuff.  Then she gave a long sigh, and sat down on the sidewalk.  A minute later, she was on her feet again, peering suspiciously around her, especially at people walking by.  I got the distinct impression that her sight was not good, but her nose was at least fair.  Just as she had looked at me intently and given me a second whuff, Judy came out with a bundle of mail and a big smile.
“Normally I sit at a park bench and read through it, but what would you like to do?”
I said I had half an hour before I needed to get to work, so we decided to just walk to the little park at the corner.
“I really enjoyed Thanksgiving!  You should visit again; how would Thursday do?  I could fix something for the two of us!”
“Well, usually I’m not done until around 9:00,” I said.
“Come before you go in; come around 4:30!”
I said I would.
Then, Molly suddenly decided to obey a call of nature.
“Uh-oh,” said Judy, “but I’m armed and ready …”
She pulled out a plastic bag from her purse, and efficiently bagged Molly’s little contribution, and placed it in a trash can that seemed placed there for the purpose.
Judy gave me an amused smile.  “You get accustomed to these little emergencies,” she said, almost laughing at my awkwardness.
Soon afterwards, I took my leave from the two lovely ladies, and having been reminded of our little plan to have dinner together, I left for work.  (We never had dinner as planned, unfortunately, but read on.)

—:—:—
18 phone
For a week or so, nothing happened.  I continued to watch Judy from behind my curtains, and I stopped being so obsessed with her.  I found myself missing the gentle Molly, but I got a few interesting books that kept me occupied.
Then, I got an e-mail from Leslie.  I hadn’t looked at my e-mail for several days, because to check it, I have to go into the library when my mother is not in the vicinity, and use one of the library computers.
Dear Aggie,
So, you have a secret crush!  A girl, even!  Well, a girl and her dog!  If I only had a little crush like that, it would change the entire flavor of my life, it really would.  It would give it so much structure, so much for me to look forward to!
You could give the doggie a present, like a treat, or a stuffie!  Maybe the girl would let you look after Molly if she has to be away from home on a business trip, or something!
Is she divorced, or what?  What’s her story?  I can hardly wait until you dig up more information on her!
You’re absolutely right about the color / temperature thing: avoiding the bluer end of the spectrum would be the appropriate phrase, though to us non-scientific types—not including you, of course, because you know everything—the red end of the spectrum seems to contain the hotter colors!  Have you tried the BHWs yet?  I shouldn’t be pestering you about that, but it could easily be a life-changing experience.
Here’s a selfie I took, just for you to see my new hair.  It’s a damn niusance, because I have to keep getting it trimmed, unlike when I had longer hair, when I could let it grow a little longer, and nobody knew.
Leslie.
Wow.  Her new look was spectacular.  She looked quite vivacious, it was not just any old short haircut, like a boy would have, but a pixie cut, and her soft smile was very—what’s the word?  I don’t know, I can’t get any better description than vivacious.  And she had dimples, too, and the new cut, and the new color, suited the dimples perfectly.  (Of course I noticed that she had misspelled nuisance, something I had never ever seen misspelled.  I could not understand how the spell-checker could not have caught that.)
Now I was beginning to get depressed.  Both of the young women I knew, or anyway, the women younger than my mother, looked really pretty, while I just looked grim, as always.
A long look in the mirror, to catch up on the facial real estate, re-established the overall facts of my appearance.  But, to my surprise, I noticed that my eyes looked a little—what’s the word?  I must acquire a thesaurus or something.  My eyes looked as if there was a little humor in them!  That, alone, changed the entire—something, or gosh, what did it change?  The look of my face, though the features were all exactly the same as they had always been.
I printed out the letter, including the photo, which was a good one, and decided to get a smartphone.  My mother already had an iPhone, and I did not want to find out that my father had something like that too, before I did.
It was now the week before Christmas, and my smartphone mania was badly timed; if I had tried to get one on Black Friday, for instance, I could have got some sort of deal, though I might have been badly crushed.  I had never seen Black Friday crowds, because I was never where they’re reported to be.
I went into the phone store, my savings in hand, and traded my old brick in for a nice new phone that could do everything.  They told me that I could have it for free, if I kept my contract for a couple of years.  Well, that was a no-brainer, because though I only called my mother, there was a lot of things I could do with a phone.  I got an Android, which was a lot cheaper than an iPhone.  It seemed to me that the kids who got an iPhone, when I was in college, were those who lived with their parents.  I could bet that old Leslie would have an iPhone.  On the other hand, she wasn’t the type who would whine at her folks until they sprang for an iPhone, seeing as she had a job.
If only Judy was enough of a pal for me to show my new phone to!  Even the name Judy was a little old, somehow; I could not remember a single Judy in my school, though I could remember a couple of Judy’s among my teachers.

—:—:—
19 visit
Once I had explained to my new phone—whose name was Bob, by the way—that my e-mail was such-and-such (something it insisted on learning, incidentally), Leslie’s mail popped right up, and I lost no time learning how to get her photo stored in my phone.  Not that I was going to glance at it all the time, but, well, I had absolutely nothing in my picture gallery except Leslie.
A couple of days later, I intercepted Judy on her way back home.  She slowed down and smiled, as though she was happy to see me, and I noticed how that careworn look disappeared.
“Why, hello!” she said.  “How have you been?”
I replied that I was well, same as always, but I think she noticed something in my expression that seemed to signal that I was excited about something.
“You’ve got news, I can see!”
“Oh, you can?”
“Definitely!”
“You don’t know me that well,” I remarked.
“Oh, I think borrowing an umbrella should count for something!”
I offered to walk home with her, which was awkward, because I seemed to keep going to her home with her, while she seldom came to my apartment, and certainly never sat down in it.
“How’s Molly?”
“Fine, fine,” she said.  “This weekend I think I ought to take her on a ramble.  She lives for rambles.  What are you doing this Saturday?  It might be a little less boring if we had company!”
I explained how my mother expected to meet me at the library on Saturday morning, and she said that if I could get away by around eleven, that would be early enough for her.  I said that was doable, and by that time we had reached her place, and I was invited inside.
As soon as her door was opened, Molly was dancing around the two of us, and took a second to sniff me over carefully, before she gave me a solid lick on my stockings.  Judy was laughing, but I didn’t care.  Stockings, I felt, were meant to be licked.
“Well,” I said, “I have to run, but I have something to show you.  It can wait until tomorrow, I guess.”
“That’s right, you have to get to work.  Are you late?  Would you like to be dropped off?”
“You have wheels?”
“Oh yes.”
“Then why do you walk to the Post Office?”
“It’s not far, and … I walk everywhere, unless I have to drive.  Come on; we can take Molly, just for fun!”
The back entrance of her apartment led down some steps into where her car was parked, and she drove around a couple of alleys, until we stopped across the street from my own apartment.  I ran in, to pick up my purse and the old umbrella, got back in the car, which was an old Plymouth Caravan, not that it matters, and we drove down the street in style, and she dropped me off at the Rooster.  I said I would see her on Saturday, and went in to work.

I felt thoughtful all that night, thinking of Judy, and I was beginning to miss her just minutes after we said goodbye.  She was gradually cutting a sort of groove in my brain, that got deeper each time, and I was beginning to feel afraid of how deep that groove would get at the end of our Ramble.

—:—:—
20 ramble
Friday went by slowly, and I met my mother at the library, and showed her the new phone.  I had meant to take my time showing it to her, but somehow it popped out, and as I expected, she had some veiled critical comments about it.  At least, she didn’t pull out her own phone, and do a side-by-side comparison, though I bet she was dying to do it.
As soon as we walked out of the library, I went home, picked up the few items I had planned to take with me on our Ramble, including a big bath towel (I had bought several really nice bath towels.  They didn’t have interesting patterns, but they were pretty colors, and they were a luxurious material).  I walked over across to Judy’s place (I can’t call it an apartment, and I can’t call it a house; it’s an inconvenient place to talk about), and rang the bell.
I heard lots of joyful pounding on the floor inside, and presently Judy let me in with a big grin, with Molly sticking her face under her arm.  That dog loved me to pieces.  I did not deserve such affection, from a dog who had spent a total of maybe an hour and a half in my presence!
Before I knew what was happening, Judy had pulled me into a quick hug.
I didn’t show that I was startled, but I was.  Somehow, Judy knew that the hug was unexpected, and she blushed.
“I’m sorry!  I was so looking forward to having you with us this morning, I think I overreacted!”  I quickly told her no, it was fine, and I smiled, trying to look relaxed and not overwhelmed.  “Think of it as a hug from Molly!” she said, which was a very reasonable suggestion.
Molly was prancing around me, and I could see all Molly’s paraphernalia laid out: leash, and harness, and water bowl, bottles of water, and rolls of plastic bags in case there were calls of nature, and so on.  There was also a cooler, with what I was told was a picnic lunch.  Judy said we were not going anywhere very far, and if we had to, we could get a bite at a restaurant.  I assured her that it would probably not be necessary.

Once we were all in the Caravan, and Molly had been barricaded in the back, because Judy said that she tended to get underfoot while she was driving, we set out through the usual sequence of alleys, and onto the highway, and were soon heading out of the suburbs, toward rural areas Judy seemed to know well.  She asked me whether I was familiar with the area, and I said I had been born here, but I only knew certain localities.  Our family tended not to explore the great outdoors, but occasionally visited certain locations, always the same ones.
Judy drove well.  I hardly noticed the ride, though I occasionally looked out the window, and saw some interesting scenery.  Soon we were at a state park that I had never been to before.  It wasn’t the season for having picnics out of doors, but Molly didn’t care.  Soon she was zooming around, delighted to be off her leash.  Judy said that Molly never killed rabbits or anything, but would probably watch any wildlife closely.
There was nobody else in the area we chose to park in, and there was just a couple of picnic tables, and we chose the nicer one, and put a couple of items on it, just to take possession of it for the afternoon.
“I’d like to take a walk around the meadow,” she said.  The meadow was a sloping hillside, with a path going all round it.  Right in the middle of the meadow were a couple of copses, in which Molly was exploring.  We set out around the path, and Molly took careful note of where we were, and where we were going, and resumed her investigations.
We walked slowly around the path, which led uphill to begin with.  I was trying not to huff and puff, but Judy was breathing hard, and not ashamed to show it.  When we got to the top of the hill, we could take it easy, and we did.
“Aggie … if not for that rainstorm the other day, I would never have met you.”
I said I had often thought about that.
Judy said that she could see that Molly was crazy about me.  I merely laughed.  I ought to have known where this conversation was leading, but I was quite oblivious.  Then she stopped, and turned to me, and looked into my eyes.  Then she must have thought the mood was getting too intense, so she smiled.
“Hey, you were going to show me something!  What was it?”
“Oh,” I said, suddenly remembering, “I got a new smart phone!  My first one!”
“Oo, let’s see it!” she said, and we walked into some shade, and I pulled it out, and showed it to her.  We decided to sit at the foot of the tree, and investigate all the capabilities of the phone.  She was quite well informed about phone technology, and made sure I knew all there was to know about the phone.  “I have the same make, you know.  See,” and she pulled it out of her jeans pocket, and it was just one level higher than mine, and just a bit larger.
Apparently, this was her job: she owned a franchise of an Internet service provider.
“Do you have Internet service?  That’s what I do; I could arrange for a line for you, and all that sort of thing.”
I explained that I did not own a computer yet, but was planning to get one over the holidays.  Could she help me?
She nodded.  She could help me, and even get me a good deal on a computer, though electronics stores could probably get me a better deal, and show me a bigger variety of options.  We talked about it for a while, and then started talking about college, and Leslie, and Judy’s friends, and how she was out of touch with most of them.

“Aggie … could we exchange numbers?  This is awkward, but … if anything happens to me, I would like to be able to, maybe, ask you for help?  And the same goes for you, too; if you have an emergency, Molly and I are just a few yards away!”
“Great idea,” I said, and we exchanged numbers.
We talked a lot, that afternoon, and I told her all about Leslie, and all about my parents, and all about college, and she told me all about herself, and that her parents were retired, in Florida, and her mother was fine, but her father was in the early stages of Alzheimer’s.  “It’s very difficult for her,” she said.  I could only nod; I knew very little about the disease.
Both of us had happened to wear jeans.  I wore jeans just so that I could sit anywhere; and I never wear shorts, because I’m so shy about showing my spindly legs.  I admire nicely-shaped legs in anyone; no stick-legs for me, for guys or gals.  Judy had worn jeans, too, but she had worn jeans intended for women; they hugged her legs, and she looked really sexy.  I was beginning to get alarmed at being so aware of what Judy wore and how she looked.  Informally, as I said, I was equally attracted to both sexes.  But, now a couple of years since I was out of college, I was beginning to think that maybe I should be looking out for not only a relationship, but a long-term relationship.  I did not know the statistics about at what age girls began to do this; not that I cared, one way or the other.  But some of the things Judy had mentioned had got me thinking about what I wanted for the future.  She had dated several guys, and each relationship had disappeared when she had moved.
She had grown up in Virginia, and had had a boyfriend in school, but then she had gone away to college, to a prestigious college in Massachusetts.  I had gone to college at a fairly well-known school, but Judy had attended a nationally-ranked school.  Not Ivy League, but up there, and it showed, in the way she spoke, and how she carried herself.  “I got a lot of scholarships,” she said, though her parents were not poor.  She had had a relationship there, too, but she said the guy was kinda mean and had a lot of chips on his shoulder.  She had attended a girls’ college, so this guy had been someone outside of her college.  Then she had taken a year in grad school, and had a fling with a classmate, which fizzled out when she bought the business she owned now and moved into our town.  There was clearly more in her story, but I guess she was holding back until she knew me a little better! 
I, of course, only had a few friendships in high school, and Leslie to report, and that alone probably throttled down the stream of information I was getting, because she probably—and correctly—classified me as inexperienced in the romance department.
As the picnic wore on, I was enjoying her stories, but occasionally I happened to watch Judy, and there were just moments where she seemed to be studying me, always with approval, but sometimes worrying whether perhaps I was too innocent for her to tell me some things.  This actually made me feel good.  I had always dreaded times when kids I knew laid information on me that I absolutely hated, and which changed my attitude to certain things pretty permanently.  I could not imagine Judy doing this; she’d been around a lot more than I had, and learned a lot more of the seamier side of existence than I had, simply from having lived in so many different places.  But somehow Judy’s innocence seemed sort of Teflon-coated; her basic niceness seemed really solid.
Molly came over, after having examined the entire hillside, and made little play attacks on us—mostly me—and then ran around like a lunatic, and the look on Judy’s face was absolutely delicious.
“She hasn’t done that in a long time!” she said, her face all glowing.  “This is good for her.  She has a lot of energy that she should burn off!”  Molly and I played a tag game, which was what she really, really wanted to do.  There was a rubber toy that Judy had brought along, and which she gave Molly, and which the dog clearly wanted me to steal from her, which resulted in a chase, and so on.  There’s nothing more fun than playing tag with old Molly.
The food we had brought was great; any food tastes wonderful after you’ve been playing tag with a Boxer and its owner.  Judy had brought fixings for sandwiches, but she had brought special bread from a fabulous bakery in town, which made all the difference.  I’m totally a bread person, though somehow it never seems to make me look like a doughboy.  Judy said that she had to watch it; too much bread, and it would be dough city.  Which was one reason why she walked daily to the post office.
One time, when I looked around, she seemed to be studying me rather carefully, and then she asked whether I would mind it if she braided my hair.  I normally would, but I was feeling ultra-cooperative that day, and I asked her to go ahead.
I will never forget the feeling of her fingers in my hair, and on my scalp, and I knew that, if I let her, our friendship had the potential to head in a direction I had never taken a friendship before.  I did not really mind it, except that it could change my life in lots of ways.  Too many ways.
“OK, here; I have a tie in my purse,” she said, and tied it off.  “Let’s see!” she said, and turned me around, to look at me.  “Aggie, you look beautiful!” she said, and the look in her eyes frightened me.  I hurried to look in the rear-view mirror of the minivan, and I had to agree that, well, I may not be beautiful, but I certainly looked different.
When I turned back to Judy, I must have looked upset, or something, and her smile disappeared.  “Are you unhappy with it?”
I said no, but I said I looked like a stranger, and managed a smile, which got her smile back onto where it belonged, and I wondered how these various guys she had dated could possibly let her go!  She wasn’t a stunner, but she was magical when she smiled.

The sun approached the horizon, and we saw some clouds heading our way.  We reluctantly got everything back into the vehicle, and Molly was invited to get in, which she did with a leap, and we buckled ourselves in, and headed back.
“Come home, for a few minutes, I have some leftovers we can share,” Judy said, and I nodded.  This was getting really bad; I did not want to go home.
The ride back was mostly silent, each of us thinking our own thoughts, and Molly yawning from time to time, which made us laugh, and when we looked at Molly, she stared blankly at us, which was even funnier.  A couple of times, she licked my ear again, quite unprovoked, which elicited a giggle from Judy, and some fanciful explanation from her about how much Molly thought I was the greatest.
I helped bring the stuff indoors from the vehicle—I can’t call it a car, and calling it a van made it sound like a field trip—and presently we were all around Judy’s handsome dining table, Judy and I in our chairs, and Molly licking her lips.  She had coffee brewing, and we had a few miscellaneous items, most of which Judy had gotten To Go from various restaurants, and some fruits, and Judy brought out the coffee, and we drank that slowly.  I love coffee, and hers was good.  She drank it with cream, while I just drank it black.
“Thank you so much for a lovely picnic!” she said.
I was confused.  “It was your picnic!  Why’re you thanking me?”
Then she gently held me by the arms, and kissed me softly on the lips, and pulled away, and I swear there were stars in her eyes, just like they say in the books.
I was so startled, I had to get away in a hurry.  I smiled, but my getaway was awkward.  I waved to both of them, and headed back to my apartment, got inside, and threw myself down on my sofa.  It had been so weird to feel her breasts pressing into me, and her thighs, and her arms … I wanted it to never happen again, but I wanted to feel it one more time.
What is Judy feeling right now? I wondered.  I did not mind being her friend, her buddy.  It had been a wonderful, wonderful picnic.  I loved that dog like crazy.  I have to say: I loved Judy like crazy, too.  But I got the feeling that she loved me … more than I could handle.
The phone rang.  The phone rarely rang in my apartment, and I knew who it was.
“Hello?” I said.
There was a pause on the other side.
“This is … Judy,” she said, very softly.
I suppressed a sigh.  “I know,” I said.  “You’re the only one who has my number.”
There was a fragment of a giggle.  “That’s right.”  Another pause.  “I just … you looked all wrong when you left here,” she said softly.
“That’s just me,” I said.  “Sometimes … you’re so affectionate that … I don’t come from a real affectionate family, you know.”
“I’ll be a little more careful,” she said, sounding anxious.  “I don’t want to do anything that makes you … uncomfortable.”
“A little too comfortable, that’s what it was.  I want to stop before I get … I don’t know, addicted, I guess.”
There was a really long pause, and I could almost hear Judy trying to think of what she could say to prevent me from panicking.
“I don’t know what to say,” she said.  “You already mean too much to me; if I’m honest, you would get frightened.  If I pretend that this is no big deal, I would …”
“It’s OK,” I said.  “It’s OK.  I’m fine.  Relax.  We’ll figure something out.”
“All right.  Sweet dreams, Aggie.”
“Oh, come on!  Couldn’t you think of something a little more … innocuous?”  I was frustrated.  She began giggling, and I was coming to realize that there was a little mischief, and a little humor in this woman, and I was sliding down a very slippery slope.  Humor and innocence was a deadly combination.  I wished her good night, and hung up.

—:—:—
21 an invitation
Dear Leslie,
I hope it’s OK emailing you.  I can’t think of finding stamps and envelopes and all that nonsense, this is getting to be a little urgent.
Hey, I have to say that your new haircut, and your new look is fantastic.  Just perfect.
Well, I went on a picnic with this girl, and … it got a little serious.  I mean, when I was ready to come home, she up and gave me a kiss.  Not a real big one, just a simple, you know? kiss right on my lips.  For a couple of minutes, I was completely shocked.  She called back later, and checked that I was OK.
I have to lie down and think about this, but I thought I should send you a reply before I shut down all systems.
Aggie.
———
Dear Aggie,
you should come visit me for a couple of days.  I bet if you just ask, they’ll let you take a couple of days off, especially if you never took a day off for a long time.  We have a lot to talk about.  And I want to look you over, and make you feel normal again.
Love,
Leslie.

My mother had not told me about any holiday plans for the year, so I spoke to the manager at the Rooster, who said it was fine as long as I got back within a week, packed a duffel bag with the essentials, and took a bus out to where Leslie lived.  I messaged Judy—something she had shown me how to do—that I would be back in a week, and to look after herself for me.
I had to change buses once, and the bus dropped me off on a busy corner, and I called Leslie.  She sounded a lot more excited than I ever remembered her being, on campus, and she shortly arrived in a jazzy looking car, to pick me up.
“Hi!  Aggie, you look the same, only I love your braid!  You look awesome!”
I had forgotten to take out the braid Judy had put my hair in.  I smiled and shrugged, and got in, with the old duffel bag.  Leslie gave me a huge hug, and we exchanged grins for the first time in our lives.
“Judy did the braid for me on the picnic,” I explained.  “I don’t wear my hair like this.  I’m taking it out.”
“No, leave it!  Aggie, you look just perfect in it!  I mean, you should take it out eventually, but leave it on for me, just for today!”
I sighed.  Everything was getting out of control.

Leslie had taken the afternoon off.  We were presently at her parents’ town house, which was an imposing residence.  There was parking at the back, in a little courtyard, and we went in the back, into an old-fashioned kitchen, which led into their dining room, and then upstairs into a hallway, into the visitors’ bedroom, which Leslie had set up for me.
We sat on the bed, and I tossed the duffel bag into a corner, and we settle down to talk.  Before we could exchange more than a sentence, Leslie’s mother looked in.  I knew her from college, because she was the one who usually dropped Leslie off.
“Hello!  Agnes, is it?” she asked with a smile.
“Yes,” I said, “or Aggie, if you prefer!  Thanks for inviting me!”
“Glad to have you!  Make yourself at home, Aggie!  Supper is ready.  Leslie, you’re in charge.”
“OK, Mom.”

Leslie took a deep breath, and then smiled.  “It’s going to be fine, Aggie.  Are you famished?  Or would you like something to drink, and then we could loaf around a little before you have supper, and get ready for bed?”
I said I could use a juice, or a soft drink, and supper whenever Les was ready.  She led me to the refrigerator, and we poured ourselves some pear juice, which was weird, but tasted OK, and Leslie picked up a jacket—it was getting very cold, and I had my warm coat on from the bus—and Leslie led the way out to show me around the neighborhood.

By the time we had gone around a sixteen-block area, I had told Leslie all that she needed to straighten me out.  She was startled to learn that I had never had sex with anyone, or even a romantic relationship.
“I kind of thought this was the case, from some things you let drop at college,” she said.  I frowned, because it was pretty uncomfortable to think that my history was such an open book to detective Leslie.  She hastened to make it clear that there was nothing to be ashamed of, and nothing to worry about.  It just made it easier for her to understand my reaction to things that people said or did.
“I was wondering why you were so upset because she kissed you,” she said.
“I don’t know; now that I think of it, I really don’t mind her kissing me at all.  I guess you had to be there; I felt as if it was a big deal to her.”
“Tell me exactly what happened on the picnic?” she asked, and I did.

We interrupted our conversation to have supper, which was quite nice, but not exceptional.
“First chance we get, we gotta go get ourselves a little Buffalo Hot Wings,” Leslie said, her eyes wide.  “If you want, we can do it tonight; just don’t eat too much right now!”
“Tonight?”
“Yeah!  I sneak out for Buffalo wings all the time!”

So we ate just enough to satisfy Leslie’s mother, who had already gone to bed, and slipped out again.
The Hot Wings place was just round the corner; in fact, we had passed it earlier on our tour of inspection.  Leslie ordered a sampler, which consisted of twelve pieces of a variety of flavors, and we took a table and sat down.
Whoa, this was pretty scary for a first impression.  On Leslie’s advice, I first tried mild, which was totally awesome.  Then I was urged to try medium, which was quite hot enough for my taste.  I tried a hot, and couldn’t finish it, so Leslie put it in a separate container to take home.  Other flavors, like garlic, and barbecue and so on were OK, but not up to the quality of medium.
We packed up the wings we were taking home, took our leave, and headed back.  This little adventure alone seemed to be worth the price of admission.

Back in the house, Leslie showed me where the bathroom was, and urged me to shower, to get rid of the grime I must have accumulated on the buses.  Then I got into my nightie, and was invited into Leslie’s room.  There was none of the goofy decorations she had surrounded herself with in college; just a college football pennant, and pretty much nothing else.  She had an enormous bed, and we both got under the covers, because they kept the house fairly cool.
“You can sleep here, really; it would be great to have company after a long year of nobody else!”
“We never even talked when we were in bed, in school!  Lost opportunities!”
“I know!”  She turned out the lights, and we turned towards each other.  “So tell me more about this Judy person!”
So I told her.  I had already told her all about the picnic, so there was not much really left to tell.
“Is she tall?  Short?  I know she has red hair, in a braid, but what does she look like?”
I said that she had pretty lips.  And we got talking about the kiss, and Leslie said that I had pretty lips, too.  I was surprised.  I know that I have just the most ordinary features, including lips, but Leslie insisted that mine were superior lips.  And then she kissed me on my lips.
“You’ve gotta get used to being kissed, Aggie; with lips like yours, it’s a total waste not to get kissed!”
“You’re crazy!  These lips can’t be rated higher than a C, on anyone’s scale!”
“Oh, no.”  Leslie was serious.  “Let me check again.” and she kissed me again.  And then she kissed me yet again, and this time, I felt her tongue.  Then she pushed me down, and gave me such a passionate kiss that I was left shaking.  She apologized, and said she got carried away, and stroked my face and my arm, to calm me down.
“You practically gave me a heart attack,” I told her, feeling taken advantage of.
“I won’t do it again, Aggie,” she said, sounding contrite.  “You’re so sexy, I lost control,” she added.

—:—:—
22 practice
True to her word, Leslie rolled off me, and put a little distance between us.  By now I was too excited to sleep.  I had never realized that a kiss could be such an erotic thing to do; I had felt as though Les was … I can’t describe it, as if she was invading my soul.
I complained to her gently.  After all this time, I still didn’t know her well enough to know how much anger I could show her, and yet not lose a friend.  I offered to go back into my own bed, but she reached out, just to touch me lightly, and said no, no, no, I will be good, and things like that.
“That’s the end of that,” she said, and she sounded as though she meant it.  “I’m not … like that.  But, you know, when you keep to yourself, for a long period of time, and you … trust someone …” she briefly covered her head with her pillow, while she thought what to say.  I appreciated that she was being careful.  “Trust is important.  I know you.  I’ve lived with you for a year—well, about eight months, anyway—and I know you fairly well.”
I shook my head, because though we shared a room, we had hardly exchanged any thoughts about anything.  We had certainly observed each other, but I had had absolutely no inkling that Leslie could be such a tiger.  It all goes to show that you never know someone until, well, you spend a really long time with them.
“Are you mad at me?”
By this time, I had cooled down considerably, and I said no, I wasn’t mad now, but no funny business while we were sleeping, or while I was trying to sleep, anyway.  I told her that I wasn’t sure that I could sleep now.
“You know what?  If you trust me enough, I could get you relaxed enough to fall asleep.”
Oh, no thank you, I said, and she hurried to explain.  She meant only a massage.  She said that it would relax me completely, but she had never tried it on anyone, so I would be sort of a guinea-pig.  I asked her how did she learn how to do it, and she said she had bought a video, and she said we could watch it together.
I was getting just a little tired, at this point.  The bus journey was exhausting, though you wouldn’t think it.  I said we could watch it later, but she could go ahead and do the massage, if she could remember how.
She asked me to take off my nightie, but that I could keep my panties on.  Then she rolled me face down, and climbed on me, all the time insisting that there would be no funny business.  Then she began the massage.
By now, I know that most people know what a massage is, so I don’t have to describe it in detail.  She was definitely an amateur, I could tell right away, but she did an amazing job.  As always happens, my tiredness seemed to slowly evaporate, and she gently coaxed, without pounding or really any invasive touches, all the tension out of my muscles.  Long before she was done, I was fast asleep.

—:—:—

It was morning when I woke up, and Leslie was watching me.
“Did you sleep well?” she asked with a smile.
I replied that I had, though I hadn’t expected to.  I saw that I was dressed only in my panties, and I hurried to pull my nightie back on.
“You won’t believe how happy I am that you’re here, and that you didn’t get angry at me last night,” she said, very seriously.  “I’m a very sexual person, but I don’t go for girls, usually.  But I’ll make an exception for you!”  She smiled a little, at that last remark, but I scowled at her, and asked her to back off.  She laughed heartily at that, and I had to smile.  It was impossible to get really annoyed at the silly girl.

We went out and had a good time that day.  I had brought a certain amount of cash with me, but Leslie seemed to be a little more flush than she had led me to believe, and she bought me lots of things.  Not extravagant things, but some items of clothing that I would not have bought for myself, including miniskirts, which were just at that time coming back in style, and leggings.  I bought a couple of items I could wear for work, though the manager had let drop a hint that I might get a tiny little clothing allowance very soon.  Apparently our restaurant was doing a little better, though I knew better than to assume that I had anything to do with it.
Leslie was excellent company.  Most interestingly, we met up with a guy who worked with her, who seemed really young, but we learned that he was a college graduate just a year behind us.  His name was Andy, and we hung out together, the three of us, for a while, and I could see that Andy really liked Leslie.  We arranged to meet again the following day.
There were quite a few stores in the town where Leslie lived, but she said that the bigger branches were in New York City.  Andy had said that he hated shopping, right at the outset, and of course, I never shop usually.  But Leslie was a born shopper, but hated to do it alone.  She said she had to do just a little holiday shopping, and it seemed that her excitement could help us through the ordeal.

Leslie was a little shorter than me, I’d say 5’ 6”, and a lot curvier.  With the short haircut, she looked at lot more alluring.  (I had to use the Thesaurus for that; I couldn’t get the right word out of my head.)  She also acted and behaved differently; there was a light in her eyes, and a smile on her lips, and a sort of spring to her step that I had never noticed when we were in school.  Back then she had been serious in the extreme.  She had strongly disapproved of some of the people she took classes with, who were not very serious about their work, or who were trying to get her to join them in some frivolous activity or other.  She had worn her long blond hair caught at the neck with a clasp or scarf, and she had worn serious clothes, much like I wore.  She occasionally wore jeans, and shorts in the warmest weather, which I never did.  But now, she was dressed really beautifully, but not tastelessly.
Something that impressed me was that Leslie seemed to be as attentive to me as she was to Andy.  I wondered whether that meant Leslie was more interested in women than men.  But when I looked back at the two of them flirting, I had to abandon any theories I had in that direction.

We went into a tiny little restaurant that specialized in Buffalo Wings that Andy had heard about, and ordered just six wings each.  “Just only get the mediums,” Leslie said, “If that’s what you like.  These are a lot more expensive, so you’ve got to be careful.”  Man, they were good.  Andy loved them, and Leslie, of course, was in heaven.  She loved medium too, as it happened.
The three of us went into a restaurant, and ordered something inexpensive and nutritious, to offset the extravagance of the wings, and then headed back home.  Andy had had a wonderful time getting some oddball items he had always wanted, and a few gifts for his kid brother and sister, whom Leslie said she had to meet sometime.

“You know,” Leslie said, that night in bed, this time in my bed, “you have a beautiful mouth, and beautiful hair, but the rest of you is also just perfect.”
I said she had better be careful, or Andy would go for me, instead of her.
She blushed furiously, and said that she really liked him.  And, she said, didn’t I notice that he was seriously salivating after me?  I had totally not; and he hadn’t.  He had been a perfect gentleman, though I know the word is going out of favor.  He was very good looking, and excellent company.
When I had the chance, I sneaked a peek at the mirror, and I had to admit that my hair was getting to look quite pretty, if you like long hair.  I could now afford better shampoos and conditioners and stuff, though I still refused to spend a lot of money on toiletries.  I hardly wore makeup, just a little lip color and a dash of moisturizer.  But Leslie had carried on about my eyes, and my eyebrows, and my complexion, and now I was getting a little self-conscious.
That night, I had relaxed just enough that Leslie felt she could persuade me to fool around a little more.  I reluctantly agreed, and we found ourselves exploring a little.  I don’t know where she learns all these little things, she seems to be just as much of a virgin as I am.  She whispered to me that she had never shared a bed with anyone, and never really kissed anyone like she had kissed me.  But her hands were gentle, and we got to touching each other very gently, anxious to be absolutely quiet, though she said that the rooms were almost perfectly soundproof.
What Leslie wanted me to do most, was to caress her breasts.  We were young, and at that time her breasts were just perfect, and felt soft and firm, and she seemed to look as if she was filled with love for me, which was nice, but also a bit worrying.  Her pupils were completely dilated, which is sort of a sign, and she kept moistening her lips, and she slipped a pillow between her legs, and released a long, shuddering breath.  She said that I had the most wonderful hands, and that I should never stop.
When she first offered to touch my breasts, I kind of discouraged her.  Nobody had ever done that, of course, and I had even felt strange—in a nice way, I have to admit—when Judy kissed me, and her breasts just pressed on mine, very gently.  But Leslie begged, and pleaded, and offered to do it while I was still dressed in my nightie.  I finally caved, and allowed her.
My goodness, it was quite an experience, and I still can’t write about it easily.  She was gentle, as always, and we locked eyes together, and I wanted so hard for her to kiss me, and she bent her head, and she kissed me, and for several minutes I was more in love with her than I thought I could be with anyone.  I felt my arms going around her, and she held me, and her hand slipped down from my breast, and made its way across my stomach, and I could not help tensing myself.  Her hand came back up, and she sighed.  We both wanted what I knew should come next, but we were friends, not lovers, though at that time I could not quite think what the difference was.
“I love you just the way you are,” she whispered, which were the words I was thinking about her, too.  The most perfect thing about her was that she would not push where I did not want her to go.  Or where I wanted her to go, but I had said I did not want her to go.  But just holding her, and feeling her hand on my breast was—like heaven.
She kissed me again, or maybe I kissed her.
Then I tickled her.  It was just a crazy impulse.  She squirmed like crazy, so I stopped.  “You crazy woman, you!” she exclaimed, very softly, a surprised smile on her face.
“Did you like your massage?” she asked.
Very much, I said, it had been perfect.  She asked whether I wanted another one, and I said no.  I would have liked one, I made it clear, but tonight I could fall asleep much more easily.

The next morning, we talked a lot while we lay in bed.  She asked whether I wanted to do a little more exploring with touch.  There were a couple more things she wanted to try, but she wasn’t sure whether I was ready.  I said I wasn’t, but once I went home again, we couldn’t do anything.
“You could do it to yourself,” she pointed out, and I shook my head.  If I started off down that path, I could see myself doing nothing but that sort of exploration.  I knew perfectly well that it was harmless, and not at all unhealthy, but something made me determined to avoid it.  But I would let Leslie play doctor.
In the brightening daylight, it was quite different.  Leslie was as gentle as always, but there was a clinical feel to what she did, that took away the romantic aspect.  Mostly.  I felt her fingers slip into various places that I had always known were supposed to be where lovers touched, and it felt good, and she kept asking, and I kept nodding, and she got as much pleasure as I got, I knew.  Then it was my turn, and I tried to be as gentle as she had been, and I succeeded.  She lay on her back, and she looked utterly beautiful, and my hand worshipped her, and she was a goddess, completely under my control.  She pulled me on top of her, and she kissed me.  Since that invasive kiss she gave me on that first night, we had only kissed gently, feeling the beauty of each other’s lips—her lips, anyway.
“You have blessed hands,” she whispered.  I said “So do you, Les.  You are an angel.”
“I love you,” she said, and I said I loved her too.  She was special, and I had come to love her in a different way than I thought I would love anyone else to whom I would say I love you.  And in future, I was determined to say: I love you to anyone for whom I felt love.  Somehow, Leslie had made it easier for me to love.  I just knew that something in my eyes would give it away to anyone, that I had spent a few days with Leslie.
All the way back, on the bus, I kept imagining Leslie and me lying in bed, as her hand slowly drove me crazy, and herself, too.  And I would do the same for her, ever so gently, and I wondered whether a guy could be so gentle.
—:—:—
23 cookies
Sometime later, I was back home.  It was a Monday, and I had already been at work for the early shift.  (I did two half-shifts a day.)  Now I was ready to go back to work, and I had seen Judy go down the street.  I was wearing one of the new skirts that I had bought with Leslie, and I felt smart and just a tiny bit sexy.  I got my stuff together, and was at the steps when Judy passed them.
“You’re back!” she said, her face full of joy, and I understood what it meant when someone said their heart took flight.  “You look different!  How are you?”
“I’m well,” I assured her.  “How are you, and Miss Molly?”
“We’re fine,” she said.  “Drop by after work, if you can!  I’m going to bake cookies!”
I said OK, I’d see her then.  She waved, and walked away, looking back at me, as though she thought I might disappear.  I was watching her rather hungrily, too, until I remembered that we were in a public place.

Work was fine; everybody was being very nice and polite.  I was just a tiny bit less grim than I usually was to the customers, and the four hours sped by quickly.
I walked up the street briskly, and up into the entrance of Judy’s apartment, and rang the bell.  There was the usual excitement, and there were Judy and Molly at the door.
I bent down to fuss over Molly briefly, and then Judy closed the door behind me, and folded me into her arms.  Somehow, she felt different from Leslie.  Maybe it was the different feelings I felt for each of them, and the perfume that each of them wore was a large part of it, I know now.  Leslie had got me to buy some perfume.  It was a very delicate scent, but I know that Judy noticed it.
The house smelled of baking cookies.  Judy hustled me over to the kitchen, and looked doubtfully at my clothes.  “You’re going to get covered with flour, Aggie.  Did you bring a change of clothes?”
I said I had a change in the bag, and quickly changed right there.  Judy watched, with slight amusement, and quiet approval at my new underthings, which were different from the rough-and-ready underwear I had worn most of my life.  (She had never seen me in my usual underwear, or she would have been a lot more surprised.)  So, soon I was in jeans and a heavy T-shirt.
She had been making sugar cookies, which I did not much care for, but which she loved.  When I said I preferred oatmeal-raisin cookies, she said she was glad she had got the sugar cookies done earlier.
The oatmeal-raisin cookies were done next.  That took about an hour, because she had quite an elaborate recipe, to minimize the sugar she used.  Then we made other varieties of cookies that I had never heard of.  Evidently she was quite an expert on cookies, about which fact she was a little embarrassed.
When they were in the oven, and we were tasting the oatmeal-raisins, which were fantastic, she asked where I had gone, and what I had done.  I managed to fill her in briefly, and then she brought up the question of the electronics I was planning to buy over the holidays.  I had avoided spending money on electronics while I was visiting Leslie, because she said electronics in the NYC area were just a little too expensive that season, and that I could probably get better deals at home.
We arranged to get together the next day, and that she would pick me up right after lunch, and that we would get started setting me up with an Internet account, and the equipment I wanted.
24 electronics
The following day, I finished off the first shift, and ate lunch fast, and got dressed for work.  That way, if I spent a lot of time with Judy, I could go in straight to work.

I got a call around 2 in the afternoon.  “Have you had lunch?  If not, I could order in something for you to munch on,” said the sweet voice.
“No, I’m good,” I said.  “I’ll wait for you on the steps, or I could walk over, if I knew where it was.”
“No, I drove in, just so I could pick you up, Aggie.  Wait on the steps; I’m coming right over.  It’ll be a couple of minutes.”
Two minutes later there she was.  She stepped out of the car and smiled at me, as if I was some celebrity, and I hurried down and got in the car.  It was the same old Plymouth, but she had had it washed, and it gleamed.
“OK!  We’ll first go to my office, and set you up with an Internet service, and our guys will come over tomorrow, and hook you up by cable.  There is also wireless, which we connect over a network of transmitters, but cable is more reliable, and a little faster.”
“Oh, I don’t care; I don’t use the Internet at all, right now, so I’m not going to worry about speed.”
She shrugged.  She explained that if I watched movies over the Internet, speed would be important.  Then we got into the ever-fascinating topic of how wonderful I looked, especially after my visit to New York.
“Guess what.  I left the braid you put in on there, and my friend in New York thought I looked specially glam!  Actually I liked it, too.”
“Yes, it brings out your … features.  Here we are, this is the place.”
It was a block of businesses, and there was a large car park.  We got our stuff, and hurried to the door of her office.  There were numerous cubicles, and customers waiting anxiously for Judy’s people to work on their computers, and so on.  We went all the way to the back, and into Judy’s office.  A guy came over, and stood nervously at her door once we had taken a seat.  “Any messages?” Judy asked him, and he said no.  Judy said we were fine for about an hour, and he grinned, and went into the cubicle next to hers.
It didn’t take long; Judy set me up with the fastest service available to ordinary customers, and apologized profusely for charging me a nominal amount.  She said it was a good rate, but she got her own service for free, obviously, and they laughed together.  They could also offer phone service, she said, but that could wait until I wanted it.  Right now, she said, whenever I was home, phone service would be free, over the Internet.  This was good, because I had only gotten the least expensive phone service.
Then she took me over to where they sold computers.  They only had a few models for sale, and they were rather expensive.  So, having taken leave of the salespeople in the computer department, we put on our coats, and left the building.
“Any preferences where you’d like to shop?”
I mentioned the store at which I’d bought the phone.  Okay, she said, they’ll have some good deals, she was sure.
The store was a couple of blocks away, and we walked fast.  I was tempted to be affectionate with Judy, but I didn’t do anything silly.  In New York, Leslie and I had held hands, and she had kissed me, while we were walking down the streets.  I had been embarrassed, but in a pleasant way.  But here, I had to be careful.  I lived here, and these people would see me often, and Judy was the boss of her business, and it mattered how she appeared to them.
We were at the store, and we headed to the computer section, and by the greatest luck, they did have a sale on small computers.  Judy urged me to go for a larger one, on which they had even a better deal.  I came away with quite a powerful computer, and a couple of standard software packages that I knew how to use.  I would have to pay a hundred dollars a month or so for a few months.
Back in Judy’s office, we connected up the computer, and we took turns to get it set up, with all the software and services.
I said I would walk straight to work, and I left everything with Judy, and she would bring them home.

I had been nervous that I would be preoccupied with Judy and the new computer, but other interesting things came up, and I was kept on my toes at work.  The traffic was heavy; evidently people in our town liked to eat dinner at the Rooster on the week of Christmas.  We had added tables for the holidays, and I had to be creative where to seat people.  We eventually had a happy crowd, chowing down on the special holiday dinner fare, and I didn’t chase anyone out; they were all quietly seen to the door by a little after ten, and the workers all smiled at each other, and declared that it had gone smoothly.  I stayed just a little longer, to make sure that everything was getting closed down as desired, and got my coat on, and headed toward Judy’s.
It was a half-hour walk, that night; I was tired, and it was uphill, so I went slowly.  I rang Judy’s bell, and I heard Molly’s excitement, which I was beginning to expect now.  Molly must know exactly how I ring that bell, or maybe I’m the only one who ever visits the house!
“Come in, come in!  Oh, you look tired!”
“No more than usual!  Hi, Molly, girl!”  I got a nice lick; just a little too nice, really.  The happier she was, the wetter the kisses got, I was noticing.
“I have cookies, and a slice of roast beef, if you’d like it.”
I walked over to the dining table, and there was a plate with a slice of beef, as promised, and some vegetables, exactly what I needed right then.  Judy was eating cookies, and Molly had been given a bone treat.

A little later, we found ourselves seated in front of the fireplace, and something magical happened.  Judy was seated very close to me, and Molly was relaxed on the floor, and Judy rested her head on my shoulder, and took my arm in both of hers, and she sighed.
“Upset about something?” I asked her, awkwardly.
“No,” she said.  “Everything is just perfectly right.  I’m just afraid that this is too good to be … to be true.”
At that moment, I realized that I was probably falling in love with her.  It might not be forever, but if I didn’t grab hold of it, I might not ever find it again.
I quietly said that, in my own assessment, things would never get any better for me than they were right then.
They were honest words, but just as I said them, I realized that they could hurt her.  They could have been taken to mean that I was just settling for Judy.
There was a long silence.  “Aggie,” she said softly, ‘you’re new to love.  I’m not.  I’ve been in love many times; I only described some of the people I’ve been in love with.  I can wait until you’re absolutely sure, Aggie.  I can wait forever.  I love you.  I don’t think I’m ever going to take that back.”
I said OK.  Anything more I said would end up being the wrong thing to say.
She pulled me close, and kissed me.  It wasn’t like Leslie’s crazy kiss, but it was more passionate than the kisses we had shared until then.

“Stay the night with me?”
“OK,” I said.  “Do you have a nightie I could use?”
“Yes.  Several!”  She giggled.  I loved her giggle.  I loved everything about her.
She led the way to her bedroom, and dug out a nightgown for me, and straightened out the sheets on her bed, looking slightly embarrassed, then she undressed, facing away from me, while I got undressed as well, laid my clothes on a chair, and slipped on the nightgown.  I sneaked a glance at Judy while she was changing, and only got a glimpse of a nice round butt, which was quickly covered by her own nightgown, a flannel business.
“I keep the room fairly cool at night,” she said.  Everyone I knew did that.  “Molly sleeps over here,” she said, indicating a nice doggie bed in a room adjoining hers, where Molly was already curled up.  She led the way to the bath, where I washed my face—I just have to wash my face, otherwise I just can’t fall asleep.  Presently we were under the covers in her bed.
“I’m going to kiss you silly,” I said, tongue in cheek.  I wouldn’t do anything she didn’t want, but I felt like rocking her confidence just a bit, because she was so in charge, in her own wonderful condo.
“You can kiss me anytime, in this house,” she said.
I crept over, and lay on her, and we had our arms around each other, and it felt completely different from Leslie.  Judy was all soft and warm, in a way Leslie was not.  Judy gave the impression of being small and defenseless, and when she opened her arms to me, I felt enveloped in softness, and then there was the waiting softness of her lips.  We kissed repeatedly, over and over again, until I could not catch my breath, and neither could she, and our hearts were beating so hard, I buried my face on her pillow until I could breathe again.
“I love you,” she said softly.  “I think I’m going to die of love for you.”
What could I say?  She was getting crazy with the whole idea of love; it was as if she needed to be madly in love with someone.  I was just in seventh heaven that she would even say that she loved me, whether it was true or not.  I was utterly confused, but I liked the way this was going.
We settled back, then, and she drew little circles around my nipples with her finger, with a smile on her face, just so happy to have me there, and happy that she could play with my body, so gently.
“You make me so happy!” she whispered, and she made me happy.  We were two very happy girls.

That night with Judy sort of sealed something.  From then on, Judy would call me every morning, and she would try to see whether I was watching for her when she passed my window on her way back from the Post Office.  I wasn’t trying too hard to remain hidden; if she saw me, she would come in and give me a hug.  The look of worry on her face had mostly disappeared—I wish I could say it was completely gone, but it was still there.  If she was thinking of me, it would be gone.  If she was worrying about something, it would be back, but now it was just a tad more intense, and more as if she was thinking of a plan, and less as if she was weighed down.
It felt very different to have someone check on me like that; I was quite self-sufficient, but it was a nice feeling, anyway.  Within a couple of days, I felt that I was ready to say “yes” to anything Judy would propose.  I had come to trust her completely; there was not an atom of deceitfulness in her.  This was illustrated dramatically fairly soon.

25 surprise
She had not paid attention to my name and address when we were entering all this into the computer, but when she saw the name Harper one day when we were setting up something, she looked at me funny, and said that she remembered that name from somewhere.
“Oh, yes; that’s the name of the lady who is my auditor, Ellen Harper.  Any relation?”
“Ellen Harper?  Well, my mother’s name is Ellen Harper …”
Then Judy’s expression suddenly became a little anxious, and she blushed.  “Did your mom tell you anything about … er, your dad, and … How shall I put this …”
“Oh my gosh, are you the one?”  It was unbelievable that it was on Judy that my father had the crush that, well, ultimately ended my parents’ marriage.  “My mother had thought that my father had the hots for a certain lady, but it turned out to be a case of totally in his imagination only!”
Judy covered her face, not in shame, but embarrassment.  “Yeah, that was me, I guess.  So your mom told you!”
I nodded.  “Where did you guys meet?”
“Your mom does my audits, so of course we meet.  Your dad: I have never met him.  Your mother said she would show me a photograph of your father, but I guess it never reached that stage.  Wow … if you have a photo of your dad on you, I’d like to see it, but …”
Suddenly, I thought I saw the light.  My father had got Internet service for the house somewhere along the line.  He must have been assigned a CSP at Judy’s office, but he must have seen her while he was there, and Cupid’s pesky arrow must have hit.
The next day, Judy examined her customer base, and found my father’s name.

“Well,” I said, “for what it’s worth, I apologize on behalf of my father, if the whole thing was an embarrassment.”
Then Judy replied, and it gave me a lot of insight into her character.
“It was much more of an embarrassment for him, and for your mother, than it was for me, Aggie.  Guys are like that—lots of people are like that, really.  They fall in love with an image, a picture, and only afterwards, grow to love the person.  It’s just human nature.  If your father is anything like you, he must have lots of good qualities!”
I told her that I couldn’t think of a single quality that would recommend my father to anyone.  It was the first time Judy looked at me with disapproval, and shook her head.  She said that, for some people, you had to look a little harder, but she couldn’t believe that I would be so harsh in judging my father.  She asked whether we kept in touch, and said that I ought to quietly ease into a new relationship with him, now that I was an adult.  I only snorted at the time, but this conversation kept coming into my head.

Then, somehow, we got onto the subject of what had got us noticing each other, in the beginning.
“I fell in love with your lips, at first,” I said.
“Really?” she asked, I nodded, with a slight smile.  Reflexively, she ran her tongue over her lips, and it was totally cute.
She looked at me with a strange smile of her own.  “You can probably guess how I started … seeing you a certain way!”
“I don’t know; the umbrella?  Or the parapluie, rather?”
She shook her head.  “It was Molly!  Couldn’t you guess?”
Then I told her that it had boggled my mind when she braided my hair.  She looked at me—oh, sometimes it was so difficult just talking with Judy, because of the way I felt about her.  But it was getting so that I recognized some of the good sense she had, and I recognized more of it each day.

26 trouble
But much more serious than that was a letter I got from Leslie.
Dear Aggie,
I want to tell you something very important, and ask you something that is very important too.
Remember Andy?  The crazy, reluctant shopper?  Well, we went out a couple of times after we sent you off, and it has got serious.  Very serious indeed.  In fact, it appears that Andy feels that you and I completely bowled him over.  He’s just twenty-one, and far too young to make any serious decisions about anything, but last night, he sat me down, and slowly and carefully told me that … he wanted to marry me.  He says that he realizes that there are millions of women out there that he could be happy with, but the most important thing is for us to have the same values.
I have no idea where he found out what my so-called values are, but he’s crazy about me, and I’m beginning to be crazy about him.
This letter is really me trying to slow it down.  Because I don’t have too many friends out here, all my high school classmates have moved away, I have to consult you on every little thing!  I know we never talked about anything while we were at college, but I often imagined how you would deal with various things, and that helped a lot.  Now that I know you, actually, we squeezed a lot into those two days!  Andy is a great guy.  I don’t know; I need to talk it out with you.  Maybe I’ll call you.  But once I start calling you about every little thing, I know I’m going to be a nuisance.  So I’ll wait for your reply!
<3
Your friend,
Leslie.

My life was going out of control.
For many years, I had considered that the desperate love affairs that my high-school classmates wallowed in were foolish, self-indulgent, and ultimately irrelevant.  When we got to college, the same thing happened again, and now the girls seemed to be a little more mature about the whole thing, but I got the impression that the guys were being a little more demanding, and quite intolerant.  I didn’t have any friends in college, except my roomies, who were most definitely not friends at the time, except of course Leslie, who has become a sort of buddy.  But I realize that she never had any serious relationships either, romantic or platonic or anything.
Could it be that staying away from all that foolishness was a mistake?  I sure wouldn’t have done so well in school if I had gotten distracted with relationships.  But if not for Leslie, and Judy, I would be so terribly alone!
I had to come through for Leslie.  Though we had got into things that could be dangerous in some ways, I think she basically was kind and well-meaning in what she did with me.  Neither of us had any sexual experience, and the tiny bit of experimentation we did at least opened up the doors for each other, with someone we each of us trusted.

Leslie,
So what’s the trouble?  What’s not to like about brother Andy?  You guys should hang out together for a while; I think just doing things together, discussing things, will be good for you.  I think just listening to your ideas will mature him, you know?  Him being young will definitely not be a problem.  Matter of fact, I think it might be a disaster if he went with a girl younger than him.  That would be completely wrong, for him.
Just don’t go to bed with him.  It seems to me that sleeping with a guy has always been the wrong thing, until it is inevitable.  The more you delay going there, the better for both of you, especially for him.  Don’t show him this letter; I don’t want him to hate me.
On the other hand, Judy and I slept together, and though I must draw a veil over what happened, in actual fact, it was fairly restrained.  But because of how I feel about her, it was intense, though not physically.
And guess what?  It turns out that it was over Judy that my parents got divorced, though she was never mentioned in the divorce proceedings.  And Judy says, I ought to take a serious stab at trying to get to know my father, now that I’m an adult.  I expect that, having had to live on his own for several months, he’s an adult too, now.  How crazy is that?
Aggie.

I brought up the matter of Leslie and Andy with Judy, to see what she had to say about premarital sex, and just casual sex in general.
“I think you gave good advice,” she said, very earnestly.  “You should give her some more persuasive reasons, but waiting is a good plan for them.  But, you know, I have read that some women felt that there was no substitute for teen sex.  It completely messed them up, they said, but they would do it all over again.  But I think if their main objective was a good family life, teen sex puts that very much in jeopardy.  You can have fabulous excitement, or you can have a stable marriage.  You can’t have everything.”
“You and I slept together, the other night,” I pointed out.
She blushed furiously.  “But it was very limited intimacy.  If I was younger, for instance, it could have been a lot crazier, and we might have found it hard to think straight about … what we wanted to be for each other.”
“I already find it difficult to think straight about that,” I told her directly.
“I know you do,” she said, smiling.  “But I can’t keep away from you, and I can’t think what we could do, that’s less … less than this, Aggie.”  Then she stopped talking, and looked at me, and her eyes said that she didn’t trust herself to explain things to me any better.
“Let’s talk about something safe,” she said, with a smile.  “Tell me about your mother; at least, you seem to have a healthy relationship with her!”
“Well, she works for you, doesn’t she?  Doesn’t that make her sort of an employee?”
She shook her head.  “She’s my internal auditor; she audits our accounts, and we send them in to the system headquarters.  She’s not supposed to be too hooked-in to management.  She does a great job for us; very knowledgeable, and objective and impartial.”
“Yeah.  I get the impression that she’s very bright, and very professional.  But we haven’t got very mother-daughter.  She was more like a teacher, or something.”
“But you seem to have turned out all right?  You’re quite affectionate, and warm, and sort of well balanced?  Was that your father’s doing?”
I was thoughtful.  If I was those things, how did it happen?  Of course, I had a niggling feeling that I wasn’t as wonderful a person as Judy made me out to be; that was probably the fact that she liked me influencing how she analyzed my character.  Of course, there must be some things, I thought, that your upbringing would not change.  
This was crazy.  Leslie and Judy were making me think about things that I usually did not.  At least, I had to be grateful that they were not assholes, trying to screw me up.

—:—:—
27 a glimpse of dad
Well, quite by accident, I found myself looking at my father.  Our downtown area is quite moderate in size, typical for a town of some 50,000 population.  One day I went into a bookstore, the largest bookstore in town, and saw my father browsing the shelves.
He had cleaned up rather dramatically, and looked quite distinguished, in a jacket and tie and everything.  I mean, he always wore suits to work, wherever he worked, even at the grocery store.  But here, he looked as though the costume department of a movie had put him together.  Very nice.  I took cover behind a bookshelf, when a lady approached my father, and they greeted each other quite cordially, and they headed outside, where there were a few tables set up, for people to sit and have their refreshments.  He looked very calm and collected, and it was clear that Judy was absolutely right, I had to research my father as if I was an HR department, and he was applying for a job.  I walked smoothly out, and headed to work, and I think he spotted me at the last minute, but I had gone too far for him to attract my attention.
—:—:—
27 escalation
Aggie,
Listen.  Andy wants to sleep with me.  And I want to sleep with him.  But I don’t want to sleep with him, because I have never slept with a guy, and he has never slept with a girl.  And, we like each other so much, that if we get it together in the sleeping situation, we will go all the way, in every sense of the word!  Before we know what is happening, we’ll be married, and have a honeymoon in a five-star hotel in Bermuda, and have six kids by late afternoon of the second day.  It’s a disaster waiting to happen.
And—this is going to floor you.  He told me that he has absolutely the worst case of the hots for you!  How can he want to sleep with me, and lust after you at the same time?  Did I tell you he was just 21?
In a strange way, I wish he would get it together with you, and get it out of his system.  I have thought about this a lot, and if he does spend a night with you, it might solve some problems.  But I realize, that will cause crazy problems for you.  The thought that I would be the only woman he ever slept with kinda worries me a little.  He would always be thinking that he never had a chance to … be with another woman, you know?
Well, at least I broached the idea with you.  He had been pestering me for more than a week to try and arrange the whole thing, but so far I have told him that he was crazy, and why would I do a thing like that.  But sex is burning him up, and burning me up, and we might be on the brink of a desperate mistake.  A mistake that other people have made and survived, I know.
Okay, I apologize in advance for making you mad.
Leslie.

Holy heck.  It was not as though I didn’t have enough temptation with Judy.  At least once a week, Judy and I would wind up on her bed, and we’d kiss like teenagers, and then hold each other tight while we hyperventilated for a long time, and then Judy would tell me that she loved me, and I’d say, I love her too, and we would look into each other’s eyes, and wonder whether it was time for more invasive sex, you know.
I did not tell Judy about Leslie’s letter.  I just imagined sleeping with Randy Andy for a night, and being so entranced that I would beg him to marry me, and we would run away together, where Leslie couldn’t find us.
I had to know what it was like to have a penis inside me.  It had to be a fundamental female right.  After I had thought about this scenario for a couple of days, and Leslie had pestered me by mail asking me whether I was upset, and whether I was alive, and please, reply, just reply so that she knew I wasn’t mad, I wrote back by email: I got your letters, I’m not mad, I’m just thinking it over.
Then, my phone rang.  It was Leslie.
“Aggie: forget the whole thing!  It was a crazy idea.  I don’t know what I was thinking; it could screw up everything.  It could screw up your romance with Judy—if it is all right to call it that—and Andrew might not get anything straight in his head.  He’s still pestering me, but it’s time I was firm and asked him to shut up.”
“I was just thinking about saying that I would do it, actually.”
“Oh my god … are you serious?  Were you really?”
“Yeah … you made some good arguments, Les.  I want to know what it’s like, sweetheart … If I’m to spend the rest of my life with Judy, at least I want to know what I’m missing.  If Judy and I swear to each other—which we might do; I’m crazy for her at this time—I would not want to go with a guy for a night, after we do that.  Right now, we haven’t said anything about commitment.  But I can see it in her eyes, and heaven knows it is certainly in my mind, and I’m an open book to most people; certainly to Judy.”
“Oh Aggie … you are an open book, most of the time.”
“Where does he want this to happen?”
“The discussions never went that far.  He lives in an apartment, but he says it is small, and it is a dump.  He’s kind of untidy.”
“OK, I’ve thought about this, and it seems the best place is … right here, in my place.”

It took a certain amount of arranging.  I had to first tell Judy that I was going to do something very risky, and that I wouldn’t talk to her for several days, and then I would call her.
Then I cleaned up my room, which didn’t take long, told Leslie that the coast was clear, and that Andy could set out for our meeting, and that I would pick him up at the bus station, and then went out to meet my mother at the library.
By this time, I was pretty good at putting on a poker face for one person in the world: my mother.
The lady in question had definitely become a lot more relaxed and cheerful since I had first left home to live in my apartment.  I had asked her why she had been so miserable with my father, and why she was so chirpy now.
“I don’t really know,” she said.  “We were very eager when we were dating, but a little after you were born, I think we were overwhelmed by the responsibility.”
I did not like this one tiny bit.  “Oh.  So it seems that I mysteriously caused this …”
“No, idiot.  We were just not ready for being parents, and I blamed him for putting us in the family way, and he blamed me, I think, or he blamed me for blaming him … You get the idea.  We were kids, Aggie.”
“But you had twenty years to figure it out!”
She shook her head.  “Once he had revealed himself as being constantly on the edge of panic, I just couldn’t take him seriously.  And he has always accused me of being unfeeling.  And I’m sick and tired of being accused of being unfeeling, because I am not unfeeling in the least.  I definitely feel that he was a pain in the ass.”
I didn’t know what I was trying to do.  I certainly had no vested interest in them settling their differences; as far as I was concerned, we just needed to throw in the clods into the grave of their marriage.  But I had been intensely curious about what it must have been like to watch them when, if ever, they had been in love.

—:—:—
28 picking up andy
I walked over to the bus station, and there was Andy, with a large backpack.  I had been nervous ever since I had told my mother that I would see her next weekend.  But when I saw Andy, somehow a little of my anxiety faded.
“I had better get you something to eat,” I said.
“Oh, I can get myself something, really,” he began.
“Just come along, wise guy,” I said with a grin.  “I work at a restaurant.  You did know that?”
“Really?  I thought you were a big time teacher, or lawyer, or something!”
“Hey, it’s a big time restaurant.  And I’m a big-time greeter, you know?  A greeter can make or break a restaurant.”
“In that case, lead on!”

There was a policy that employees got a discount at Roosters; quite a good discount, as it happens.  Andy got comfortable, and we were seated at Wes’s table.  When Wes came round, I asked whether there was any chance of Buffalo Wings, and he said he would find out.  Meanwhile, he brought us complimentary glasses of wine.  He came back to say that they were all out of wings, but there were other appetizers that Andy would like.  He looked at Andy with barely concealed dislike—the Rooster guys tended to be a little protective of me, I guess—and suggested some things.  Andy picked a sort of sampler, and Wes went off to get it for us.
“This is awkward,” said Andy.
“It was your idea,” I said.
He smiled.  “Both of you guys are cute!  But … I really, really, really like Leslie.”
“Just call me chopped liver, that’s all.”
“But awesome chopped liver.  Awesome!”
I laughed.  What could I do with this idiot?
“You’re not too bad yourself!” I gave him a one-sided smile.  But he was serious, and he swallowed and told me what was on his mind.
“I don’t want to take this as a joke,” he said awkwardly.
“No?”
“Not at all.  I … I want to pretend … that we’re in love.”
I was taken by surprise.  I was totally planning to take it as a joke, and tease him the whole time, but he did not want that.  “OK … if that’s what you want.”
He nodded.
The appetizer came, and he ate a couple of pieces, but then he stopped.
“What’s the problem?”
He shrugged.  “I don’t know.  I’m too … upset to eat.”
“You have to eat something!”
He took up another piece, and got it down.  I was beginning to feel sorry for him.  He looked up at me as he swallowed, and there were tears in his eyes; this wasn’t an act.
“Look.  If you’re going to be miserable about this, I don’t want to do it either.”
“No, I want to do it,” he mumbled.
There was a pause, and I ate some of the appetizer.  By now I was beginning to feel bad about it too.
“Anything special you want?”  It just came out; I hadn’t even planned to ask him that.  I managed a smile then.
“You know anything about oral sex?”
“I’ve heard of it,” I said.
“Oh.  I thought you’d know all about that sort of thing,” he said, with an awkward smile.
“Andy … you know I’ve never been with a guy.”
The color left his face.  “Really?”  I nodded.  “You’re a … v-v-…?”
“Yeah.  I thought that might be nice for you.”
Then he looked at me so strangely, I realized that he was so on edge, and so confused, that I could easily manipulate him into falling in love with me.
Wes arrived with our entrees, which were quite modest choices, and looked a warning at Andy, smiled at me, and left.
“I can’t eat,” said Andy again.
I began to eat; there was no way I was going to waste the food.  Then, unexpectedly, I heard a familiar voice.  I swung round, and saw my father talking to the greeter.  Just then, he turned slightly, and saw me, and his eyes grew wide.  He said something to the greeter with a smile, and she shrugged.  My father walked towards our table.
“Well, long time no see!” he said, smiling at me.  I was expecting trouble from many different sources, and I must have looked it.  The smile vanished, and he asked me if I was OK, and I managed to say I was fine.  He looked at Andy, who was looking puzzled, and I belatedly introduced him as a good friend.  Andy got up, and my father and Andy shook hands, and my father smilingly told Andy who he was: Aggie’s father.  Andy managed to smile, and my father asked him to sit down.
“I’ll leave you to your meal,” he said, and asked me to call him, and was led to a table some distance away.
“You look a little like your dad,” said Andy, with a sickening smile.
“Oh yeah?”  He nodded.  “I’m supposed to look like my mother,” I said.  He shrugged.  I had to agree; I was discovering that I was a true mix.  This was disturbing; I was beginning to think of myself and my parents the way adults do.
“Let’s get back to the oral sex,” I said.
Andy’s eyes popped out of his head.  “Are you crazy?  With your dad just around the corner?”
I covered my mouth and sniggered, and Andy smiled, and his eyes drifted away to glance at my father.
“I’m going to do some research,” I said, and got up to go outside.  “You just finish your lunch,” I said pointing at the food.
“Jeeze, you’re worse than my mother,” Andy grumbled.  But he was not as tense as he had been, and began to take a bite.

“Hey, … what’s oral sex?”  I had called Leslie.
“Oh god!  Okay … I don’t think it’s a big deal.  Once the guy gets an erection, his partner takes his penis in their mouth, and sort of strokes it with their lips.  It’s considered more erotic than vaginal intercourse.”
I clarified some details, because it was a new concept for me.  I realized that it was all new to me, and I picked Leslie’s brain, and she was amazed that I was so ignorant.  And I was amazed that she knew so much, despite being a virgin herself.  Before she rang off, she begged me to be nice to Andy, and I promised I would.  He was so helpless that it was impossible to give him a hard time.

When I went back in, Andy had made inroads on his meal, and I gobbled up enough to sustain me through the evening’s agenda, and asked for a take-home box, and filled it with everything that was left, including the appetizers.  Wes said he would put it all on my account, and I left a small gratuity on the table when Wes wasn’t watching, and led the way out.
“We go this way,” I said.  “Want to trade your backpack for these boxes?”
“No, I’m good,” he insisted.
We were about the same height, and I was just a bit taller because I was wearing a slight heel.  Andy was good looking, with curly light brown hair.  Leslie was a lucky girl.  I was praying that Andy would not enjoy this so much that it destroyed Leslie’s chances with him.  But I wanted to get as much out of it as I possibly could, because it could be my only experience with a man, and something told me that it was stupid to not enjoy it.  Stupid for both our sakes.
“This is the place,” I said, and we went in.  I just happened to look over my shoulder, and far away I saw a tiny figure on Judy’s steps, but I could not make out the expression on its face.

—:—:—
29 asparagus stalks
We decided to strip completely naked.  I was white; I did not wear the sort of clothes that would give me a tan.  Andy was white, too; we looked like white asparagus stalks.  But Andy looked at me worshipfully, and I shook my head; I did not want to hear how beautiful he thought I looked. I tied my hair back in a knot, while he gazed at my tiny breasts and salivated.  What an idiot; after Leslie’s beautiful breasts, mine were nothing.  All I had going for me was that I was slim, and I had a tight stomach.
I crawled on him, and quietly kissed him.  He sighed, and I kissed him again.  Then I kissed his stomach, and then I stroked his penis until it was erect.  Then I crouched over it, and took it into my mouth, and it was beautiful.  I could not think why anyone would not do it; the whole world should have lined up to have the sensation of Andy’s erect penis in their mouths.  I caressed it with my lips, and I quickly understood how I should do it, and I did.  Andy tried to press around the root of his own penis with his hand, and I moved his hand away, and did it myself.  He stroked my hair away from my forehead, and I looked up at him, and his eyes looked at me, as if he was dying of love.

It was a long night of love.  It was all experimental; at first we were doing what we each thought the other wanted, then we started doing what we each wanted to do.  He kissed me, and we were kissing for hours, it seemed, and then he asked whether it was all right if he went inside.  I swallowed, and nodded.  He knew as little as I did, but we did manage to have conventional vaginal sex, and he tried to slow down his orgasm as long as he could, and I closed my eyes, and tried to hurry myself along as fast as I could, and suddenly, I felt I was there.  But just as it was happening to me, he was filling me with a lot of fluid.
He wanted to kiss me, and I wanted just then to be kissed, and we kissed, and he had no more energy, and he told me so.
“Are you going to be in love with me?” I asked softly.
“I don’t know,” he said, in a soft whisper.

We were both tired after all that, but we found the energy to caress each other lovingly.  It didn’t matter that we each had another, to whom we had given our hearts already, in my case informally, and I didn’t really know about Leslie and Andy.  They were not very good at being clear about what they meant.
I think, in my case, because Judy was a woman, it was easier for me to consider that what Judy and I had was different, and did not contradict what I was feeling for Andy.
While Andy was lying on my breast, I asked him whether he would mind if I called Leslie.  He asked if I had to, and I said no, I didn’t, but I would like to.  “Leslie was my friend before I met you, Andy,” I said, and I knew there was love in my voice.  “I want to tell her how I feel, right now.”
He sighed, and said OK.

“It’s me, Aggie,” I said.  “I wish I had a longer name, Les; it seems so short!”
“You’re just getting started, or you’ve just finished,” Leslie said, in a hopeless voice.  “Tell me what happened!”
“Nothing unexpected,” I said.
“What did you do?” Leslie insisted.
“Everything.  Everything, at least once, some things …”
“OK, you don’t have to rub it in!”  I was silent.  “Was it good?”
“Yeah.”
“Are you in love with him?”
“A little!  I wouldn’t be human if I weren’t.”
“Is he in love with you?”
I handed the phone over to him.
Leslie cross-examined him, and she asked him, point-blank, whether he had fallen for me, and he, too, said he had, a little.  That, I know now, is the way it would work.  If I had been married, and I had sex with someone outside our marriage, I would certainly be a little in love with that person.  Some people can have sex without falling in love, I know I can’t.  And Andy couldn’t.  Leslie was a lucky girl, to have a boy like that.  A guy who can have sex with someone, and not fall in love with them, was a guy to stay away from.

—:—:—
30 debriefing
It was mid-morning on Sunday.  I had sent Andy off, and walked over to Judy’s house, and rang the bell.
There was the usual clatter of claws on hardwood, followed by soft, slipper-clad steps, and the door opened, and Judy’s confused and worried eyes looked at me, and Molly poked her head at me, and licked me.
“Hi, girl!”
“Hi, Aggie.  What’s going on?”  Her voice was gentle, but her face was anxious.
“Can I come in?”
She nodded, and led the way to the living room sofa, and I slowly sat down.
I explained about Leslie and Andy, without looking in her eyes.
“So … yesterday, Andy came over, by bus, and … spent the night with me.”
I finally looked into her eyes.  She looked hurt, as I knew she would.
She sighed.
“I’ve heard of people who did that,” she said quietly.  “It didn’t always work out the way they expected.”  I nodded.  “Do you feel any different?”
I shrugged.  “Now I know how it feels to … be with a guy; something I didn’t know before,” I said, feeling guilty.
“How do you expect me to feel?” asked Judy, with a humorless laugh.
“I can’t even guess,” I said.  “You probably hate it.”
She looked about.  “I don’t know,” she said.  “You were so … innocent, but … now I can see in your eyes, the … knowledge.”
I nodded.  At least, I thought, if Judy and I could ever be in love again, at least I would not think of sneaking off and finding out whether love with a guy could be magical.  It was magical.
“Was it … wonderful?”
I nodded, and in my eyes I knew there was the full expression of how glorious it was.  It had been glorious!
Then big tears poured down Judy’s face.
“If you had never had sex with … that boy, at least I would have known that whatever intimacy we had, you and me, you would never compare it with that, and feel that ours is a pale shadow of what women feel with men!”
This, I felt, was not fair.  Judy had had boyfriends, and she had told me that she had had regular sex with the boy who she said was mean.  But she had hinted that he was a skillful lover.  When we were in bed, she could compare what we did, and who knows what score I would get?
“I still love you, Judy,” I said.  “It isn’t for the sex that I want to be with you.”
She smiled slowly.  “You just made me remember why I love you,” she whispered.  “We haven’t really had sex,” she said.  “We just cuddled, and …”
“I know.”
“How did he feel?  What was his name …”
“Andy.”
“Yeah.”
“He said I was like an angel.”
“You are.”
“He said he would love me forever.”
Judy nodded, dumbly.  Then she said, “your first sex partner becomes something special, unless he or she is …”
“An asshole.”
“Well, yeah, though I wouldn’t put it like that!”
I smiled.  That she wouldn’t put it like that was one of the things I loved about her.
“I’m not sure whether that … ruined me, but I’ll never forget it, for certain.”

Later, Judy and I talked, and she said that it was not a bad thing that it happened.  The relationship between Andy and Leslie, and Judy and me would be awkward, but it would not be too awkward to overcome.  We would have to get together sometime, when everything had been settled, and have a good laugh over it.
Then Judy stood, and came over to me.
“Will you be my love, to have and to hold, and everything I own will be yours, and everything you own will be mine, and we will live together, and die together, and be buried together?”
I gasped.  She smiled a soft smile at the joy that must have settled on my face, and I put my arms around her, and was filled with pleasure in the poetry that had come out of her.  And we became a couple at that moment.
The End
<<<<>>>> 
Afterword
Hi there!
Well, it struck me that I had left out some nuggets of information that you readers might worry about.  And worry leads to all sorts of problems.  I considered inserting these items right into the story, but then it sort of started interfering with the flow of the thing.  So I’m going to put them here, as a sort of Appendix, but I didn’t call it Appendix, to avoid the anatomical flavor.

Firstly, Molly!  Judy and Molly and I went on more than the one Ramble; if you’ve ever had a friend with a nice dog, you would realize that one Ramble does not at all cut the mustard.  Also, Molly was centrally responsible for Judy beginning to think seriously of me as a, you know, permanent addition to their family.
The first time we went on a picnic, we didn’t play Tag; we tried to play Fetch.  Molly was quite willing to do it, but her eyesight was very poor, and soon after I had flung a stick into the air intending for her to get it, she would lose sight of it.  There was a panicked looking back and forth between where Molly thought the stick should have been, and Judy and me, and meanwhile Judy was trying to explain that somehow Molly just couldn’t figure out how to do Fetch.  I put three and five together, and tried to bring Judy to the conclusion—which she was reluctant to do—that Molly’s vision was not up to the job.  If she could sniff the stick, there would have been no problem.
On the way home, we bought a hard rubber toy suitable for the type of game that might have worked with Molly, and we played Tag the next time, and Molly was overjoyed with her success.  So the story of the Ramble was really one that was the stories of several occasions telescoped together.

Secondly,  Thanksgiving.  I recounted that wonderful Thanksgiving as if it were my first, but actually, there was another Thanksgiving in between.  That’s where I learned how Rooster’s did the feast; it was the principal restaurant in our town that was open for Thanksgiving, but the first Thanksgiving, Judy did not show up.  In fact, I was nervous that either my father or my mother might show up, just to see how I was doing, but somehow, nobody I knew came by; in fact, Rooster’s was poorly attended that year.

Thirdly, Andy.  I related the story as though I had simply tossed Andy out after the Great Encounter, but in actual fact,  each of us had to talk the other down.  Andy and I showered separately, in case you were wondering.
I was tongue-tied; just babbling some nonsense does not normally come easy for me.  But my fevered brain was able to come up with a few sentences that tried to put the whole thing in perspective.  Andy, in fact, did a far better job of talking me down.  This is what really convinced me about what a great fellow he was.  I was only half listening to him, but I was beginning to realize that Andy was someone Judy and I might want to keep in touch with, just as Leslie was.  Once you find people like that, you just can’t toss them aside, you know?  But this visit was the wrong time; Judy and I had to firmly become established as a twosome, before we began to handle things like socializing with another couple.

There are other minor details, such as how I got on the Internet, and how I got to get comfortable with my father, and who was dating my mother, and so on, which are not really important, but which Judy considered very significant indeed.  But then, that’s Judy, and I love her for that.
When anyone finds an ideal companion, he or she is temporarily convinced that everyone needs to know how it came about.  So forgive my enthusiasm; you have already been very patient about a story that you can imagine is important to me!
Aggie.
By the way, ‘Yraid’ is simply ‘Diary’ spelled backward.
