
Zeus
By Kamery Solomon

Praise for Zeus

Nominated for the 2013 “Best Sugar Shock Novel Award,” Best Cover, and Best Male Character

"Oh-Em-Gee!!!"
~ Jeannette Medina, I Heart Books

“I can't wait to read the next one!”
~ Sam Pearce, Amazon Customer

“It is the perfect start to what is sure to be a fantastic series.”
~ Random Museomy

"This was my most ABSOLUTE FAVORITE book that I have read in a long time… I was unable to put this book down from beginning to end and I definitely want more."
~ Lisa Markson, Paranormal Bookworm

"I couldn’t put it down! It’s one I want to carry around with me everywhere so in those spare moments waiting on someone or something I can escape back into it... This is a beautifully written story that I highly recommend! In fact I already have to all my family and friends. "
~ Brenda Anderson, Naughty Bits Book Reviews

“Loved this book!!!”
~ Delphina, Delphina Reads Too Much

“I literally couldn’t put it down!”
~ Tigerakp, Amazon Customer

“PLEASE READ.”
~ Stellak, Amazon Customer




Other books by Kamery Solomon

Forever 
Hell Hall(A Halloween Novella)
What Happens in Vegas


The God Chronicles
Zeus
Poseidon
Hades
Adrastia
Exoria


The Dreams Series
Taking Chances 
Watching Over Me


The Swept Away Saga
Swept Away 
Carried Away
Hidden Away
Stolen Away 
Buried Away
Passed Away
Taken Away (A Swept Away Saga Origins Story)


The Lost in Time Duet
Finding Freedom
Abandoning Anarchy

Shot Through Time


Zeus
By Kamery Solomon





Starlight Run Productions - Arizona
Copyright © 2012 Kamery Solomon
Edited by Irene Hunt, Third Eye Tight Editing Services
ALL RIGHTS RESERVED
Published by
Starlight Run Productions
Arizona
Smashwords Edition
Without limiting the rights under copyright reserved above, no part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in or introduced into a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form, or by any means (electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise) without the prior written permission of both the copyright owner and the above publisher of this book.

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, brands, media, and incidents are either the product of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously.  The author acknowledges the trademarked status and trademark owners of various products referenced in this work of fiction, which have been used without permission. The publication/use of these trademarks is not authorized, associated with, or sponsored by the trademark owners.

This book is available in print and ebook format.


Sign up for the Kamery Solomon Books Mailing List and receive a FREE copy of 
Poseidon (The God Chronicles #2)! 

Click here to get started:  www.kamerysolomonbooks.com

For my loving family. Thank you for always believing in me, no matter what!




Prologue

Zeus

“For your crime, you are banished to the human realm for nine years.” 
“You have no power over me,” I growled back, loud enough the sound bounced off the smooth, gray marble floor and pillars around me. The high roof remained sky blue as always, but I wished I could darken it to match the rage boiling through my veins. Maybe then they would realize I meant business. “I am Zeus! I fought in the Great War and earned the right to be your king! You cannot exile me, I forbid it!” My fists clenched as I silently dared anyone tell me different. I’d slam a lightning bolt right into their face if they did. 
“Actually brother, the Fates oversee all vows made on the River Styx. They have the authority this time.” Hades snickered, no doubt loving that I was the one in trouble this time. I grabbed a bolt, thunder clapping as I hurled it right at his head. He jumped out of the way, laughing harder.
“Zeus, control yourself!” Poseidon stepped forward. “You have done this and must pay the price for breaking your vow.” 
“I did no such thing! Hera was starting an uprising—she deserves to be banished, not me!” My fingers itched for more lightning. 
“There was no uprising, you made sure of that,” Hera retorted from her corner. “I wouldn’t have attempted a rebellion if you’d been paying attention to me instead of those humans you kept whoring around with!” Her voice shook with fury. “I’m glad you divorced me. Now I don’t have to watch my husband be unfaithful.” 
The thunder was roaring in my mind, calling to be unleashed. I turned back to the Fates, trying to display an outer calm. 
“Hera deserved what she got. She was going to commit treason, and it wasn’t the first time she’s tried something like this. I may have broken our marriage vow, but I know treason is the bigger offense.” My calm evaporated as I continued. “I am your king! I think some leniency is expected, or even required in this situation.” 
“We have turned a blind eye all these years, knowing you’ve violated your vow by being with other women,” one of the three Fates said. “But you have declared the vow broken now. You must obey our laws—especially as the king.” 
“Fine,” I roared. “But I will rain down terror on Earth with my lightning and you’ll have no one to blame but yourselves!” I grabbed more bolts and turned to leave, sure someone would stop me. 
“Wait,” the first Fate said, and I smiled to myself. “We have not given your entire sentence.” The lightning in my hands crackled in anticipation. 
“Do your worst.” The deadly whisper made several of the gods shift uncomfortably. 
“In addition to your exile, your powers will be stripped from you,” the last Fate replied. The color drained from my face as a collective gasp hit my ears. “You will not be able to return until you’ve earned them back—even if your nine years are up.” From the corner of my eye, I could see the Gods whispering to each other in shock. 
“How will I earn them back?” My mouth had gone dry, and the hoarse words stuck in my throat. 
“You must fall in love—completely—and she must love you back. Total fidelity will be eternally required,” the Fate answered. “You will still be immortal, but I suggest you don’t take forever to find her.” 
I shot Hera a fierce scowl. She probably hadn’t had anything to do with this part of my sentence, but her face was a picture of pure glee. Resigned to my fate, I glanced back at my three punishers. 
“When must I leave?” 
“Now.” 

Chapter One

Karly

I was nervous, even though I told myself a million times I wasn’t.
It seemed silly. Here I was, twenty-one years old and barely moving out of my parent’s house. I should’ve been on cloud nine, especially since I was moving to the party capital of the country, if not the world. Who didn’t want to live in Las Vegas, Nevada, celebrating it up during their college years? Me, that’s who. 
I could still remember every word of my refusal letter from the Academy in San Francisco. Dear Karly, we are sorry to inform you . . . The rest didn’t really matter after that. Sure it had been upsetting, but there were other schools with art programs. I could still do what I wanted. 
The denial stung, though.
I watched the yellow paint strips blur into one as I drove down the highway. There wasn’t actually anything exciting to see, a lot of dirt and rocks—the same thing I saw every time I drove anywhere outside my tiny hometown. My car was probably the most interesting thing on the road. A car suddenly came from nowhere, speeding like the devil was on its heels. It shot around me so fast that dust clouded around the front of the car, my foot automatically slamming on the brakes and my hand shooting out to steady the laundry basket buckled into the passenger seat, multicolored bags stuffed around it and on the floor for further stability. The dirt finally settled, the crazy driver nowhere in sight, and I was on my way again. Every now and then I would glance out the rearview mirror, but the backseat was full of trash bags and boxes, which held the rest of my belongings. I kept forgetting, however, and would become disoriented when there was nothing to see. I felt like I had the tiniest bit of room available to myself, squished into the driver’s seat with my purse on my lap. Someone once told me it was illegal to drive with all of your windows blocked like that. I agonized I’d get pulled over—something I’d never experienced— but there weren’t even any cops around. I really was in the middle of nowhere.
My parents didn’t want me to move. They were most likely sitting in the living room right now, plotting ways to get me to come back. I’m sure they wanted the best for me, but they were actually suffocating me. 
They were the reason I’d put off applying to the Academy right out of high school. Somehow, I’d been convinced I needed to stay home and get my associates degree at our local community college. I tried not to blame them for the rejection, but sometimes I couldn’t help it. Maybe if I’d applied earlier, I would have made it. I had a hard time not dwelling on the past. 
When I wasn’t accepted into the Academy after graduating with my general education degree, they tried to get me into nursing. Our small college had a program—they wanted me to stay home longer—but I finally found a streak of confidence and told them no. I was tired of feeling like I was missing everything. All my friends had already left town, and I was there all by myself. Like before, I was sure they only desired the best for me. They had a hard time understanding art was best for me.
So I started searching for a new college. There were several possibilities, but I wanted someplace with a good art community, as well as a great program, and close to my home in northern Nevada. When I’d finally settled on the university in Las Vegas, I was afraid to tell my parents. They’d been there once, and my father’s words still echoed in my mind—things like “den of iniquity,” and “Satan’s lair.” My parents were kind of religious.
The night I told them I was going to move, we had a huge fight. They accused me of wanting to party instead of focusing on school. It was repeatedly hammered into me that Vegas was “Hell on Earth” and I would become a prostitute by association. They tried to scare me with stories and videos about the Mob as well. I probably watched one hundred episodes of CSI with them. In the end I told them I didn’t want to stay at home any more, and I was going no matter what they said. I was relieved when they finally agreed. True, I might be a legal adult, but I still liked to have my parents’ support.
In the hazy distance, I could see Las Vegas appearing before me. The Strip stuck out like an oversized diamond with all of its fancy, over-the-top resorts. I couldn’t even imagine what it would look like in an hour or so when it was all lit up at night. The road became progressively more congested as it moved into the city. Nervousness poked at me again, and I hoped no one was staring at my tiny car, packed full of stuff. I felt like the scene from A Goofy Movie when everyone breaks out into song, using the junk from the car as musical instruments. Heaven help me if anyone starts singing. 
I wanted to live in the dorms at the university, but they were already full by the time I called. After asking around and leaving messages with a few apartment complexes, explaining I needed a place to stay, I found an opening in a building close to the college. I agonized over whether the three girls I’d decided to live with were drug dealers or murders. But they seemed nice enough on the phone. 
Good grief. My parent’s brainwashing attempts were working.
I struggled to pull the directions out of my pocket. Unfolding the paper, I tried to decipher my scribbles. I already didn’t understand the city streets. Some of them had so many signs it was impossible to miss them. Other’s came and went so fast you never knew they were there. It was my luck the street I needed was one of the latter. The knot in my stomach grew exponentially as I found a place to turn around. The last thing I needed was to get lost. 
Finally, I pulled into the parking lot of my new housing complex after what felt like an eternity of missed signs and U-turns. I crept around the two story building, scanning for the right number. When I found it, I parked the car and turned it off. 
And then I sat there. 
I already had a key—the girls had mailed one to me—but I was too scared to get out and start my new life. I really wished I was in San Francisco. 
Taking a deep breath, I grabbed my purse and backpack. Quickly, before my courage ran out, I got out of the car, locked it, and walked up the stairs to the second level of the tan building. Apartment number forty-two—my apartment—was past the stairs on the right. I stopped in front of the door for a moment and knocked. When no one answered, I took a deep breath, unlocked it, and walked inside. 
I paused in the doorway, taking everything in. I don’t know what I’d been expecting, but was surprised at how normal everything appeared. I wanted to go straight to the nice, light-brown couch in the living room, made of that cool micro suede stuff, and stretch my car-cramped muscles. In the middle of the room was a coffee table with a few books and candles on it. I already knew I’d enjoy the big, flat screen television hung on the far wall. As tempting as it was to sit and relax, I decided to continue my examination. 
A matching brown table was off to the side of the triangular kitchen which was angled really cool into one corner. I walked into it, running a finger along the island that held the sink and counter and formed the base of the triangle, facing out to the rest of the apartment. The other two sides were made up of cupboards and more counter with the normal appliances spaced perfectly apart. I loved the way everything felt super chic and out of the ordinary. I headed towards the hallway on the right of the kitchen, assuming it led to the bed rooms. 
“Hello?” I called. There was no reply. 
I moved towards the sleeping area, catching my reflection in the bathroom mirror on my left. Stopping to wipe a smudge of mascara away, I surveyed myself. I looked tired—my brown eyes a little red from driving so long. My light brown hair appeared pretty good in its ponytail, the ends touching my shoulders. I hadn’t worn much make-up, and my red t-shirt and jeans were wrinkled, but I figured I was good enough to meet people. 
The two rooms at the end of the hall, created an “L” shape. I softly knocked on the door of the first and slowly opened it. Everything was covered in pictures and both beds were obviously taken. I closed the entrance and opened the next, seeing my bed right away; it was completely bare, nothing on the walls around it. My roommate’s side was much like the other room. 
I tossed my purse and backpack onto the bed and went back outside. I wanted to get my stuff moved in while they were gone so I wouldn’t be a bother. It would also help a lot if I could get most everything in before dark. 
Trudging somewhat across the thick carpet, I headed back to my car, not knowing exactly where to start. Packing everything had been super easy, shoving it wherever it would fit in the vehicle. As I stared at the mass chaos through the windows, I realized I’d grossly underestimated how hard it would be to pull everything out of its place. Maybe I should have made a list of the order I put everything in. But I didn’t because no one does that, and there was no remembering how I did it now. I took a deep breath and opened the back driver’s side door, praying there wouldn’t be an avalanche.
Gratefully, I moved everything in quickly. Every inch of the room was occupied by items needing my attention. The bare mattress of my bed overflowed with black trash bags bulging with clothes and an extreme amount of shoes. Pictures of family, along with my art leaned against the walls, waiting to be hung. In the corner, a pile of metal poles and racks would soon resemble a closet rack. Bedding, knick knacks, ironing board, iPod dock, free weights and various other odds and ends littered the floor—all expecting to find a home in my small assigned space. This was going to take awhile, so I paused and went to the kitchen for a cold drink. A note addressed to me was propped on the black, granite countertop.

Karly~
Welcome to your new home! 
We went out for the night, won’t be back till late. Sorry!
Help yourself to any of the food. There’s a good Chinese place down the street too, if you wanted to go out. 
~Jenny, Jessie, and Julie

I took another deep breath and decided not to worry that my name didn’t fit in with the others. 
I had enough worrying for the day. 


Chapter Two


I awoke the next morning to a clean, organized room. It took several hours to put everything away, just as I’d thought, but there was a happy feeling of accomplishment that came with finishing the job. 
Suddenly, I remembered there was supposed to be three other girls living in the apartment with me. I glanced at the still human-less side of the room—it didn’t look as though anyone had been there all night. 
Rolling out of bed, I went to splash some water on my face and brush my hair. The night before, I’d discovered the hall bathroom had two doors. I worried over someday forgetting to close both doors and embarrassing myself. A bigger fear was the fact that four college girls only had one place to get ready. Actually, I’d been afraid about a lot of things. I was mildly amused over it now. I guess moving had set me on edge, but I’d made it through the night by myself without being murdered. Vegas and I were going to get along fine. 
Once in the kitchen, I began looking for bowls in the second cupboard since I knew from the night before the plates and cups were in the first 
“Oh, hey! You must be Karly!” 	
I spun around in shock and saw three beautiful girls in the living room. Their similar features implied they might be triplets, but if they weren’t, there was no doubt they were closely related. They each wore a black cocktail dress, which matched their long hair and complimented their sun-kissed skin. I quickly said a silent prayer of thanks I’d worn more than my underwear out of the bedroom. 
“Yes, that’s me. I’m sorry—I didn’t know you were home. I wa—” 
“We actually just got home,” the same girl replied. “We stayed with a friend who was having a rough night.”
“Oh, I hope your friend is okay,” I said, confused about how to politely answer a statement like that. 
“Where are our manners?” she blurted again. “I’m Jessie, your roomie.” Her eyes were blue, and she appeared to be slightly taller than the other two as well. I’d have to remember that in order to tell them apart, at least until I got to know them better. 
“I’m Jenny,” the green eyed, and shortest of the group, said. 
“And I’m Julie,” the brown eyed beauty said. “Don’t worry—you’ll be able to separate us eventually.” She laughed, her sisters joining in. 
“It’s nice to meet you all.” I smiled back. “I’m sure I’ll get it eventually. I’ve been somewhat scatter-brained the past few days.” I frowned slightly and looked down at the floor, trying to gather my thoughts. 
“Are you alright?” Jenny asked. 
“Yeah—yes—I think all the CSI my parents made me watch before I came freaked me out a bit, that’s all.” I smiled uncomfortably. Silence filled the room. 
“That. Is. Hilarious!” Jessie burst out. “You poor thing! It’s not that bad here, I promise. We live in a good neighborhood. That’s the nice thing about living around the school—campus security is still close enough that any rowdy behavior or petty crimes are almost none existent.”
“Thanks, that makes me feel a lot better,” I replied truthfully.
“No problem.” There was a short silence again as I folded my arms and stood there, awkwardly, not knowing what to say next.
“We won’t bite,” Julie said softly. “We all know it would be hard on us if we moved in with complete strangers.” 
I blushed, ashamed I’d been acting distant. 
“We all basically share one mind anyway,” Jenny said. “I guess that’s what happens when you’re together from birth.” 
“What my sisters mean to say is that we’re friendly.” Jessie gave them both a warning glare I didn’t understand. “We all know you’re going to fit in fine here.” 
“Uh, thanks?” I had the odd feeling I’d just been told a fortune. It almost seemed like the three really did have one mind—their conversation flowed effortlessly between them. Maybe it was because they’d been together their whole lives. Wasn’t that what people said about couples who’d been together forever?
“So,” Jessie spoke again, interrupting my thoughts. What are your plans for the day? If you don’t have any, we can take you sightseeing. We love all of that touristy stuff—unless you need help putting your things away.” 
“Actually, I already did that last night. It only took a few hours.” I observed the clock and realized it was almost eleven in the morning. “Except I apparently slept in super late because of it,” I groaned. 
“We were glad you were still sleeping,” Julie piped in, speaking for all of them. “We felt bad we were gone all night.” 
“No, it’s fine,” I replied, thrown off by the way she spoke for all of them again. “All I have planned is to visit the university today and check things out—maybe see if I can meet a couple of my professors before classes start. I want to inquire about a work-study job also.” 
“I think the campus is open until five today,” Jenny said. 
“Great! That’s what I’ll do then. Thank you for inviting me, though. We’ll definitely go sometime.” I grabbed a breakfast bar from a box on the counter, deciding it was too late to stop and eat. I turned to leave. “It was nice meeting all of you!” I called over my shoulder as I headed back to the bedroom.
“Do you need help finding anything?” one of them called.
“No, I’m good. Thanks, though. Sorry to eat and run!” I turned and smiled at them as I walked backwards to the room. 
“It’s fine. We were deciding who was going to shower first—before you woke up. Have fun, and let us know if you change your mind,” Jessie replied. 
“I will, thanks!” I closed the bedroom door behind me as I took a bite of my food.
I’d never met people who meshed like they did. Their connection was almost creepy, but I thought I could get used to it. Relief flooded through me, and I realized I was actually going to get along fine with my roommates. I smiled and mentally checked off another useless worrying session. 

I sandwiched the phone between my ear and shoulder, enabling my hands to return to the papers I’d been going through.
“Yes, Mom, I’m fine. I’m sorry I didn’t call—by the time I remembered, I figured you were probably already sleeping.” 
The heat inside my car was going to kill me. Wasn’t it supposed to cool off as the day went on? 
“Mom, I said I was sorry, okay? It won’t happen again, I promise.” 
My visit to the university had been very successful. I managed to meet almost all my professors, as well as interview for a work-study position in the library. The bookstore was open also, and I left campus the somewhat-proud owner of several overpriced textbooks. I’d been feeling pretty good about my ventures until Mom called and chewed me out for not letting them know I was alive. Parents. You leave home, and suddenly they think being abducted by aliens is an actual possibility. 
I’d been battling to get off the phone the whole drive back to the apartment, and had now been sitting in the parking lot going on fifteen minutes, listening to my mother speak in tones only dogs could understand. I imagined several people staring, wondering why I didn’t get out of the vehicle and go inside. The truth was there was no one around to stare. It was simply entertaining for me to be as dramatic as my mom. 
Five minutes later she was finally convinced I wasn’t going to forget her completely, and I was allowed to get off the phone—after I promised to call at least every other day. 
I gathered my books and got out. It was somewhat disappointing to find the air outside was as hot as the air in my car. I didn’t regret leaving the engine off, though; I needed to save all the money I could until I found a job, even if it meant being overheated.
As I came through the door, I was greeted by Jessie. 
“Why did you sit out there so long? Are you okay? I was going to go check on you, but it looked like you were talking to someone. I didn’t want to interrupt.” 
I guess I wasn’t imagining people staring after all. 
“I was on the phone with my mom,” I explained. “Sometimes she gets a little long-winded, and I didn’t want to bother anyone with it.” 
“No biggie,” she said, smiling. “So listen, we’re going to hit a totally awesome club on the Strip tonight, you in?” She plopped down on the couch and folded her legs crisscross style, waiting for my response with anticipation. 
“Oh . . . I, uh, I wanted to look over my books tonight.” 
“Whatever!” she laughed, rolling her eyes. “What is it really? Why don’t you want to come?” 
“That’s really what it is,” I said apologetically. “Classes start in a few days, and I think I might get called about the job I interviewed for. If I skip going over them now, the chance to do it before school starts might pass.” 
“Are you like super excited about school?” She studied me with curiosity. 
“No! Yes? I don’t know,” I replied, laughing. “I’m here on a scholarship. I don’t want to lose it because of bad grades.”
“That, I can understand.” She smiled again as she got up off the couch. “I’ll go tell Jenny and Julie you can’t make it. They’re in their room getting ready.”
About an hour passed before the beauty queens emerged from their rooms. Jessie was wearing a tight, red dress with matching pumps, her hair pulled into a curly side ponytail. Jenny had opted for a black dress much like the one she’d been wearing that morning, with sparkly pink belt and matching heels, and her hair was straightened perfection. Julie was wearing a blue, halter top dress and white wedges, her hair let down in loose curls. 
“You all look fantastic!” I stared at them dumbfounded. If I ever decided to go out with them, I was going to have to get a new dress. Odds were I already had some awesome shoes, but I didn’t own any party dresses like theirs. 
“Thanks, Karly,” Julie said, opening the front door. “Are you sure you can’t make it?”
“Positive.” I waved as they walked down the stairs and then closed the door behind them, locking it right away. 
True to my word, I spent most of the night combing through my school stuff. There wasn’t anything surprising in the textbooks, but the paint set I’d bought for Advanced Painting and Drawing was practically calling to be broken-in before school started. 
By the time midnight rolled around I was putting my paintbrush down so I could survey the background I’d finished. The painting as a whole wasn’t nearly done, but I was pleased with my work. The finished product would be a stormy sky over the desert. Right now it was a bunch of black and grey on canvas—like I’d spread ashes and soot across the canvas. 
I’d been painting in the kitchen to avoid getting anything on the carpet and decided to leave my work there to dry. I pushed my easel into a corner where I thought it wouldn’t be in the way, and placed the chair back at the table. Carefully, my brushes were cleaned and put away with the paint. The mess gone, I headed to the bathroom to get ready for bed. 
The girls still weren’t home after I finished my evening routine, but I hadn’t really expected them to be. So I went to sleep by myself again, feeling a little bit more at home than before.


Chapter Three


“Breakfast!” I hollered with my happiest voice.
My morning had started beautifully, and I decided to make pancakes to hopefully show my roommates I wasn’t purposefully staying away from them or selfishly eating them out of house and home. If they were willing to share their food with me, the least I could do was cook for them. Hopefully they would see it as a gesture of kindness and not hate me because I was disturbing their sleep. As I was warming up the syrup, Jenny came out of her room. 
“Wow! That smells divine!” She was wearing a baggy t-shirt and shorts, her hair sticking up in every direction. Not far behind her was Julie, looking more or less identical. I felt a little better about my own bedraggled appearance. 
“I thought you could all use a good breakfast after your partying last night,” I said with a smile, pulling out plates as they sat down. 
“And it was some party.” Jessie yawned, announcing her presence as she came down the hall. “This is exactly what I needed this morning. Thanks, Karly.” 
“It’s nothing, really. I mean, it’s your food anyway.” I put the dishes on the table and Jenny set them in their places. 
“Well, we don’t cook like this,” Jenny sighed in pleasure.
“Hey, Karly, I moved your picture last night because I almost bumped into it. I hope that’s okay?” Julie asked, while pulling out some milk from the fridge.
“It’s fine, I figured that’s what happened.”
“It looks awesome. What will it be?” Jessie stood in front of the canvas, staring at it intently. 
“A storm over the desert,” I replied. She nodded, continuing to gaze. After a moment, she turned. 
“Do you need help with anything? Sorry, I spaced out looking at your work. I was imagining what it would look like with one big bolt of lightning stretching across it.” She shrugged her shoulders while her sisters chuckled. They all exchanged another one of their grins I didn’t understand, as if they shared an inside joke. 
“No, I think we’re ready to eat, actually.” I carried the pancakes to the table, cutting their glances short. 
“I’ve got the syrup,” Jessie said, grabbing it off the kitchen stove. 
Once seated, we dug right in, remaining silent as we savored the taste. After a few mouthfuls there was general thanks and compliments to my cooking, accompanied by exaggerated eye rolls and moans of ecstasy, which made me embarrassed. It was probably the best batch of pancakes I’d ever made. 
“So, tell me about the party,” I said after a few more moments of quiet.
“It was a ton of fun,” Julie said through a mouthful. 
“The DJ was totally rocking it all night,” Jenny added, after swallowing. 
“Sounds like you had a good time.” I felt a little disappointed I’d decided to stay home. Now that I was finally getting over my nerves and feeling more comfortable with living here, I wanted to do something. 
“We’re going again tonight, if you want to come,” Jessie said. “You need to get out of this apartment! School starts tomorrow; come play on the last day of break. Please?” 
I laughed at her mock pleading tone of voice. 
“I think I will,” I said, after appearing to debate with myself for a bit. “I’d like to see what all the fuss is about!” 
“Yay!” Julie leaned over and wrapped an arm around my shoulders, squeezing me in a one armed hug. “You’ll love it! You’ve never been to the Strip before, right?” 
“No, I haven’t,” I admitted. “I could see it from the highway on the way in, but that’s about all my experience with it. You know, besides what I saw in the videos my parents tried to scare me with.” We all laughed. 
“You poor thing! We’ll show you everything tonight. Just wait, your mind will be blown!” Jenny grabbed a couple more pancakes as she spoke. “They do these shows at each resort every night. They’re timed so you can walk down the sidewalk and watch them one right after the other.” 
“I don’t think I have enough money to do all of that.” I wasn’t super, super broke, but I doubted I could pay to see a whole bunch of shows, especially if I was roasting myself in the car to save gas. 
“They’re all free, sweetie,” Jessie said. “That’s the best part. I think we should walk one side on our way to STYX and then we can walk the other side another night—we won’t get out of the club until after the shows have stopped. Most of what we’ll skip is inside anyway. They aren’t as exciting. I mean, do we really want to wait in line to watch a movie about candy?” 
“No?” Confusion was setting in, as we jumped from topic to topic, but I wasn’t as bothered by it now. “Sticks is the club then, I’m assuming?” 
“Yeah,” Julie piped up again. “It’s at this new resort called Tartarus. I love how everything is named after stuff from Greek mythology—STYX is named after the magical River Styx. Tartarus is like the Greek Hell. It’s so awesome! Anyways, it’s been open for a year or two. One day it suddenly popped up and was ready for business. I think it holds the record for fastest construction job.” 
“Like I said, sounds fun!” Excitement bubbled up inside me. I was finally going to see some of the things the world had to offer! 
“Does eight sound like a good time for everyone?” Jessie finished her food and began to clear her place, her sisters following suit. 
“Sounds fine to me,” I said getting up to carry my dishes into the kitchen. Jenny and Julie agreed and excused themselves. 
“What are your plans for the rest of the day?” Jessie asked as we began to load the dishwasher. 
“Well, I did get a voicemail early this morning asking me to come in for a second interview at the library. I need to go shopping for a dress now too.” I laughed. 
“Well, good luck with the interview, and I know a sweet place to go shopping if you’d like directions.” 
“Sure, thanks!” 
She gave me the instructions and then excused herself to her sisters’ room. 
“We have a family phone call this morning,” she explained as she walked down the hall. 
I washed down the table and counter and went to get ready for the day.

That night, at seven thirty, I surveyed myself in the bathroom mirror. I’d ended up buying a little black dress. It was definitely more club material than fancy dinner. I loved the cap sleeves and how it came to slightly above my knees, but my favorite part was the back. It was ripped to create a kind of layered necklace affect. I’d paired the outfit with my favorite neon green heels and some silver jewelry. My hair was down in loose curls, sprayed with some mild glitter hairspray. I’d gone a little heavier on the makeup than usual, but not enough to make me look like a prostitute. Overall, I was pleased with my appearance. I hadn’t ever really needed to get dressed up for anything in the past, and it felt nice to pamper myself. 
I was on cloud nine for the first time since I’d arrived in the city. So far, I really liked my roommates—despite the weird, mind reading they always seemed to do. The apartment was cute, I was going out for my first real club experience, and I’d gotten the work-study job. Everything I’d hoped for was happening. 
Jessie knocked on the door and let herself in after I’d given the okay. She’d gotten ready before me, and her dress was a dark, midnight-blue with matching pumps. Her makeup, as well as the pendant on her necklace, matched the color too. She opted to wear her hair up in a chic ponytail this time, making her appear even more amazing than usual. 
“Wow! You look fantastic, Karly!” she exclaimed. “I love the glitter in your hair. It’s perfect. The boys are going to be fighting over you all night.” 
“Right!” I rolled my eyes. “They won’t even see me next to you. I’m sure Jenny and Julie look amazing as well, and I’ll be pretty much invisible.” 
“No, seriously, Karly. You look great. Don’t let anyone tell you any different, not even yourself!” She smiled at me and turned to fix her lip gloss.
There was another knock at the door, accompanied by some light laughter. 
“Are you guys ready to go?” Julie’s muffled voice asked. 
“Sure, be right out,” I called. 
“Did you call a cab yet?” Jessie asked them. 
“Yeah, it’ll be here any minute,” Jenny answered. 
“Oh, we could’ve taken my car,” I said, feeling stupid I hadn’t offered it before. 
“Actually, I thought it would be safer here,” Jessie smiled softly “We would have had to park it at the opposite end of the Strip from where STYX is. I thought you might be more comfortable leaving it.” 
“I hadn’t thought of that. Thank you,” I smiled appreciatively. 
“Shall we?” she said, holding the door open for me. 
“We shall,” I said in my most enthusiastic voice. We laughed as we left the bathroom and joined the other girls in the living room. 
They were both stunning as usual, wearing blue and green dresses with matching shoes. Jenny had her hair in a French twist and Julie had left hers straight. 
“Well, won’t we be knocking socks off tonight!” We all chuckled at Julie’s comment as a car horn sounded outside. 
“That’s our ride,” Jessie gave me a look of excitement as she spoke. “You ready?” 
I nodded, trying to calm the butterflies in my stomach. “Let’s do this!” 
The drive was uneventful, unless you counted the cabbie trying to hit on all of us. He seemed nice enough, but lost points for trying to get us all at the same time. 
“So, do you want to walk the whole way, or do you want to start in the middle? There’s not a lot of shows at the first couple of places.” Julie had taken charge of deciding where to tell the driver to drop us off. 
“I wouldn’t mind seeing everything. Is it a long walk, though?” I worried my feet wouldn’t be able to handle a long walk and then all night at the club in my shoes. 
“It’s like two or three miles long,” Jessie said. “I think we should start in the middle, at The Bellagio fountain show. Sound good?” The rest of us agreed wholeheartedly—I think we were all trying to be kind to our feet. 
We finally reached the Strip, and I stared in wonder as we passed Mandalay Bay. “It’s huge!” I looked at the girls in disbelief. 
“Wait till you see the inside of Paris or The Venetian,” Jenny laughed. “They go all out here. The inside of Tartarus resembles Greece, complete with a Mount Olympus in the middle of the casino. It’s quite fantastic, if you ask us.” 
“It blows my mind,” I said. “I can’t even imagine how much it must cost to build something like that.” 
“Well, this is Sin City,” Jessie laughed. “There’s probably been enough money lost here to build a whole second world.” 
“Crazy.” 
Lighted signs flashed from every direction, advertising shows and buffets. I craned my neck trying to see everything as it zipped by us. Some of the cars were even advertising escort services, much to my dismay. I blushed deeply at the pictures they displayed, but not as badly as when I saw three girls on the sidewalk wearing nothing but fishnets and vests which read “booty police.” It suddenly occurred to me how sheltered my life had been before. No wonder my parents hadn’t wanted me to come. 
The cab slowly made its way down the street, battling other crazy drivers and pedestrians who went wherever they wanted, whenever they wanted. There might as well have not been any signals telling them when to walk, for all the attention they paid them. We witnessed five near‑accidents before we reached our destination. I said a silent prayer I wouldn’t have to drive through all of that craziness. 
We pulled into The Bellagio and Julie paid the cabbie, giving him a good tip even though he’d hit on us. There were lots of people there, some getting out of cars like us, others getting in. I saw a bride who was completely drunk out of her mind and couldn’t walk straight. I didn’t know whether to laugh or feel sorry for her. 
“Hey, Karly, this way!” Jenny waved for me to follow them as they headed back towards the main road. 
“What show do they do here again?” I asked as we pushed through the throng. 
“It’s a big water fountain show, choreographed to music,” Julie answered. 
“Oh, yeah! I’ve seen some of it on TV before, duh. I’ve always wanted to see it in person, though.” I couldn’t help the grin that spread over my face. I was incredibly excited to finally see everything the Strip had to offer.
“Hopefully we can squeeze in somewhere around the center,” Jessie added. “We’ll be able to see it from wherever, but it’s nice not to deal with people walking in front of you, or some guy standing in the way the whole time.” 
We walked down to the main sidewalk and into the mass of people heading every which way. A man ran up to me, flicking something like trading cards, and put one in my hand. I dropped it like a hot coal as soon as I saw what was on it. 
“That guy handed me porn!” I was mortified, feeling like I needed hand sanitizer. 
“Sorry, I forgot to tell you!” Julie grimaced. “They’re on every corner. You have to ignore them, or they’ll hand you stuff like that. It’s not only guys; there are girls out doing it too. Don’t look at the ground if you can help it, people take the cards and then drop them.” 
“That’s horrible,” I said in disgust. “Do I look like someone who’d want something like that?” 
“They don’t care,” Jessie said simply. “They’re basically trying to make money by getting people to come to the show.” 
“It weirds me out,” I said uncomfortably. “I’ve never seen anything like it before.” 
“Try not to think about it,” Jenny said softly. “Let’s have fun instead.”
“Okay,” I agreed, trying to put the image out of my head. “I think what people do in private should be that—private. I’m not one to judge, but I don’t want to know.” I laughed nervously. “Whatever, let’s forget it and have a good time!” 
I put the card out of my mind. There was no sense in letting it ruin my night. It hadn’t been too bad really, mostly shocking. I smiled to myself as I pictured my dad’s reaction to being handed the same thing. The mirthful image drove my own worries from my mind. 
We were fortunate enough to get a center spot for the fountain show. Water spurted into the air as Frank Sinatra sang Luck Be A Lady, shooting so high at points that I almost fell over gazing up at it. When the show finished, there was thunderous applause and screaming, followed by an announcement that the next show would start in fifteen minutes. 
“That was amazing!” I said in awe as we headed towards the next resort. “They do this every night?” 
“Yes,” Julie laughed. 
“Like we said, no expense spared.” Jenny smiled. “We have to hurry if we’re going to make the next show—it’s only every thirty minutes and it’s a bit of a walk to get there.” 
We stopped at Caesar’s Place, The Mirage, and Treasure Island for shows. Each one was stunning. I could easily see how some called Vegas the entertainment capital of the world. 
As we walked away from Treasure Island, I could see our destination rising before us. A huge, glittering sign welcomed everyone to Tartarus, a resort unlike any other I’d seen so far. I hadn’t noticed it until we were close because of the dark color it was painted. The only parts that sparkled were the glowing sign, the pillars holding them up, and the arches in between the pillars. As I peered closer, I could see the pillars were actually groupings of giant hands. There must have been at least fifty hands a pillar. Behind the pillars were several statues of giant Cyclopes, at least ten stories high, their arms reaching out and connecting into the pillars. 
“It’s all symbolic,” said Jessie, who had been watching me. “In Greek mythology, Tartarus was a prison, thus the dark colors. The original King of the Gods, Kronos, banished the Cyclopes, Giants, and Hundred Handers there. That’s why the statues are giants, have one eye, and one hundred hands.” 
I nodded as the pieces fell into place, amazed at the research that had been put into one building project. 
“It’s beautiful, even though it doesn’t stand out a lot like the others.” I couldn’t tear my eyes away from the façade; it held my attention so fiercely.
“Wait until you see the inside,” Julie giggled.
We joined the crowd entering Tartarus, and I continued to stare in awe at the statues until we were inside. I gasped as I looked around, not able to absorb the sights and sounds jostling for my attention from every direction. The casino was surrounded by a mural, which covered each wall and the ceiling. It depicted an ancient Greek marketplace. The carpet was even the color of the ground in the painting. In the middle of the room, at least three stories high, was a recreation of Mount Olympus. It could be a perfect re-creation of the real thing, right up to the snow on its peak. The dome it reached into was painted with storm clouds and lightning. I’d never seen anything more amazing. 
We walked through the casino and got on an escalator to the second floor. It was a little mind boggling to think their second floor was four stories up, to make room for the mountain. When we stepped onto solid ground, I could see an ad for their pool off to one side. They had made it to resemble the coast of Greece, with the ocean spread out across the room. The art on the wall gave the illusion that the water went on forever. Glancing the other way, I recognized several modern stores behind the facades of ancient temples. My breath caught at the beauty. I wished we had time to visit all of the shops, but I could guess from the beat pounding out around us that we were next to the club. It seemed to call out to everyone like a siren, urging them to join the dance. I glanced up and saw the glittering sign confirming my thoughts. 
Excited, I headed to the door with the girls, showed my I.D. and stepped inside.

Chapter Four


The music was excruciatingly loud—the beat pulsing through the floor—but it only added to my excitement. Everywhere I looked there were people grouped together—some along the wall seated at black tables with purple chairs, others crowded around the bar in the opposite corner. The majority were smashed together on a huge sunken dance floor in the middle of the rectangular room. It took a moment for my eyes to adjust to the dim lights that highlighted every other table as well as the purple splotches on the black carpet. We pushed our way through the crowd away from the entrance towards the center of the extraordinary room.
“Do you want to start with a drink?” Jessie yelled over the noise. 
“Like what?” I yelled back, moving closer so I could hear better. 
“What . . . like?” I heard her yell back. 
“I don’t know I haven’t really had anything before, just wine at weddings and stuff.”
“What?” I could tell she was itching to dance as her hips swayed with the music. 
“Never mind,” I yelled again. “Let’s go dance!” 
She did hear that and smiled, nodding her head. As soon as we hit the floor, we were enveloped by the pulsing crowd. Soon we were lost in the music. My heartbeat matched the thrumming of the bass, and a burst of adrenaline flowed through my veins. I closed my eyes and surrendered myself to the sounds around me. After a few moments, I opened my eyes to find myself dancing with a man I didn’t know, but I didn’t care. I wrapped my arms around his neck and let the beat lead us where it wanted. The girls had been right—STYX was definitely the place to be. 
The music ended and everyone cheered while someone stood to announce that night’s DJ. Jessie pushed her way back to me and suggested we at least get some water since we had walked so far. 
“That sounds like a good idea,” I confessed. My mouth and throat were so dry it felt as if they were filled with cotton. “To be honest, my feet could use a break.” I loved wearing heels, but they were hard on my toes. 
We headed to the bar as the next song started. Once we had our water, we took a seat at one of the recently vacated tables. We laughed as we watched Jenny and Julie flirting with a pair of twins. They were hitting it off, but one of the guys looked like he was going to pass out because they were talking to him. I kicked my shoes off and enjoyed the refreshing feeling the cool water gave me as it ran down my esophagus. After two more songs, I was ready to go back in. 
“You go ahead,” Jessie said. “Julie might be heading over here. I’ll sit with her for a while.” 
I squished myself back onto the floor and was immediately asked to dance by a very cute young man. I agreed and was soon lost in the music again. The night continued on in a swirl of music and partners and I hardly noticed when my friends either left or entered the dance floor. I was having the time of my life. 
When my throat screamed for the dry fire to be put out, I made my way back to the bar, squeezing through the ever-growing number of people in the room. My savior, the waiter, flashed me a dazzling smile as he handed it over and I smiled back. I’d missed having guys my own age to flirt with. 
“Let me guess, designated driver?” The deep, smooth voice soared through the din and my knees went weak. I didn’t see the man who had spoken to me, but if his voice was any indicator, he was smoking hot. 
“No,” I said as I turned around. His image stopped my thoughts dead in their tracks, and I stood there with my mouth gaping like a fish out of water. 
He was gorgeous. I felt like I was looking at a statue of a Greek God. Medium length, black hair—perfectly styled—hung slightly across his perfect, golden brown eyes. The facial hair covering his slightly pale but flawless skin was rugged, without making him resemble a mountain man. It was the perfect addition to his chiseled jaw line. Butterflies erupted inside me as my eyes travelled down his form fitting, black suit, my jaw still flapping in the wind. It didn’t help that he was wearing the suit, perfectly tailored to him. I was a sucker for a handsome man in a suit. Realizing that I appeared to be staring at his crotch, I quickly tore my gaze back to his face.
He was staring right into my eyes and I couldn’t look away. He seemed amused as I fell silent, like it was an everyday occurrence. It probably was with his body. 
“No . . . ?” He questioned, a small smile gracing his face. I felt my knees start to shake a little. 
“Uh,” I stammered. “Sorry,” I said, shaking my head and covering my eyes. When I finally felt composed enough, I lowered my hand.
“I just like water.” 
I couldn’t believe how stupid I sounded. I could feel the heat burning in my face and my eyes widen in horror. I waited for a weird look and his departure, but he started laughing instead. 
“You’re cute. I like that.” He took a sip of a drink the bartender had brought him. 
“Only cute,” I joked back. “I guess I’ll head out then, no reason for a simply cute girl to be here.” I tried to keep a straight face as long as possible as I made a show of turning to leave, and he laughed some more. It was a deep sound, but effortless. I liked it a lot, especially because it brought his perfect smile back to his perfect lips. 
“What’s your name?” He grabbed my water before I could and started heading to a table. It seemed a little bold, but I was feeling brave and followed him. 
“Karly,” I said as we sat down on opposite sides. “Yours?” 
“Zeus,” he replied while surveying the dance floor. I couldn’t help it—I snorted into the drink in my hand and started laughing. 
“Wow, your parents must have hated you!” 
“Actually,” he replied, turning back to me. “My parents are Greek. It is a great honor to be named after their God.” All humor was gone from his face as he watched at me. I felt the blush coming back again. 
“I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to offend you,” I apologized. 
“It’s no big deal, it happens a lot actually. The joke about the name—not the offending,” he added as a side thought. He turned his attention back to the dancing, slouching in his seat and drumming his fingers on the table. I sat there awkwardly, wondering if I should excuse myself. All my successful flirtations from earlier in the night were sorely missed. I was goofing up big time with this guy. 
“Do you want to dance now?” he asked out of the blue. 
“Uh, yeah. Sure.” 
I stood and started back to the floor, a wave of shock flowing through me when he came up beside me and wrapped his arm around my waist. When we reached the floor, he released me and grabbed my hand instead, pulling me to the middle of the crowd. We finally stopped and he turned to face me, pulling my body up against his. His golden brown eyes met mine once more, a small, seductive smile flickering across his face as he placed my hands on his hips. My knees started to tremble again as I felt his abs and “V” shape cut. He was definitely hot, too hot for me, but I wasn’t complaining. 
He wrapped his arms around me, placing his hands at the small of my back. Slowly, he began to move against me, testing the beat, pulling me along with him. It was a lot more intimate than I was used to—it felt exciting and new. The longer we danced the faster the movement became. He slid one of his hands up my back until it rested on my neck and rubbed his thumb over the skin there, still holding me close with the other hand. Goose bumps started popping up on my skin and a smile crept onto his face. Holding me tighter, he slid his hand from my neck to my jaw, rubbing his thumb just under my lips. Hot breath warmed my face as he leaned in, lips hovering over mine but never actually making contact.
My stomach fluttered and my entire body suddenly felt very hot. Zeus was creating foreign feelings part of me really liked. I wasn’t sure what was happening since I’d never experienced anything like this before. Honestly, I didn’t know I could dance like that, but I wasn’t about to stop. What was the harm in enjoying myself if I was probably never going to see him again?
Time seemed to stop as we danced together, wrapped in a close embrace. Other guys asked to cut in and he refused. Every song flowed effortlessly into the next, creating the illusion that it was all one melody. After what seemed like hours, he finally slowed down and placed his mouth against my ear. 
“Do you want to come up to my room for the rest of the night?” His breath was hot, creating more goose bumps, but my insides went cold. I pulled back and looked at him. He wore a sultry expression, one that was meant to tempt me into saying yes. 
“Excuse me?” 
“Come upstairs with me,” he purred, pulling me as close as he could. “It will be fun, promise. We can sneak out without your friends noticing. No one has to know.”
He placed a hand on the back of my head and leaned in for a kiss. Fortunately, my brain caught up in time, and I slapped him as hard as I could before he got there, causing several people around us to stop and stare. Zeus seemed frozen, his lips still puckered slightly as he faced the direction my attack had sent him.
“If you want a call girl there’s plenty of them out on the corner. I don’t sleep with pigs,” I whispered into his ear, ice lacing every word. I scowled at him only long enough to see the shock registering on his face, before pushing away and walking right out of the club. 
I hurried through the casino below, fighting back tears. The girls caught up with me as I walked through the doors and back out to the Strip. My hands balled into fist so hard the knuckles turned white. My entire frame shook, and I squeezed my eyes shut, fighting angry tears. 
“Karly, what happened?” Jessie was out of breath, her shoes in her hands. 
“Just some jerk,” I mumbled, finally opening my eyes. “Can we call a cab? I want to go home.” 
“Sure,” Julie said, concern written on her face. She stepped up to the curb and waved one down. 
“Please tell us what’s wrong.” Jenny reached out and put a hand on my shoulder. 
“In the cab,” I said as one pulled up for us. 
On the way home, I told them everything that had happened. I didn’t cry thankfully, but it was obvious I was fighting it. My breath caught every few minutes while I blinked furiously, trying to control the prickling I felt there. Anger and hurt battled over which would get to be my predominant feeling. Zeus had ruined the evening for me.
“I’m sorry I made us leave earlier than you wanted.” The girls had never been home sooner than one in the morning. I was sure they’d planned on staying out much later than eleven thirty. 
“You don’t need to be sorry,” Jessie said. “We understand.” We were both smashed together in the middle. She rubbed my back in an effort to calm me. 
“You said his name was Zeus?” Julie questioned from the front seat. 
“Yeah.” 
The girls exchanged a knowing expression. 
“We know who you’re talking about,” Jenny explained. “That was Zeus Drakos. For as young as he is, he’s the owner of Tartarus. He also has a huge reputation for being a player. I thought I recognized him, but I wasn’t sure. Sorry, Karly.” 
“What a jerk,” I said under my breath. “I mean, do I come across like a one night stand?” I knew it wasn’t fair to rant all my anger on them. 
“No,” came the resounding reply. I really was starting to love my roommates.
“It’ll be alright,” Jessie said soothingly. 
I was tired of letting stupid things upset me. Life was full of ups and downs, so why should this one moment ruin the fun I’d had earlier that night? I could put it out of my mind—like the card from the street. I watched the scenery pass by and listened to the cabbies honk their horns in anger. There was so much more I could occupy my thoughts with. 
“Yeah, it will be. I’m simply not going to let it bother me. What’s done is done.” I sighed as we arrived at the apartment and got out of the car. 
“Thanks for the cab,” I said. “I would have hated to drive through that.” 
“No problem at all.” Jessie beamed at me as we headed up the stairs. 
“School in the morning,” Jenny said, changing the subject. 
We all groaned. 


Chapter Five


A loud beeping sound ripped me from my uneasy slumber. I sat up in alarm, trying to blink the sleep from my eyes. Confused, I looked around until I finally realized the ringing was coming from my alarm clock. A groan escaped my lips and I flopped back, burying my head under the pillow. I guessed the pounding headache marching through my brain was probably what a hangover felt like, since I’d never had much alcohol. It felt like a million horses were galloping from one ear to the other and each annoying call from the nightstand felt like a dagger plunging clear through my skull. Finally, fumbling around without emerging, I managed to shut off the annoyance. Gingerly, I came up for fresh air and sat up. My feelings of disgust had lasted through the night, disrupting my sleep. I felt a little better this morning but was still trying to let everything go. 
Jessie was still sleeping, a slight snore coming from under her pillow. It was only the first day of school and already I was regretting signing up for an early class. 
Throwing the blankets to the side, I placed my feet on the floor and yawned, scratching my head. I stood and shuffled towards the bathroom, still stewing over having to wake up. I closed both doors softly and turned to my reflection. Last night’s makeup had turned into this morning’s black eye and my hair stuck up like the bride of Frankenstein. I remembered why it was so important for me to wash my face and put my hair up every night before bed. I rubbed the makeup off the best I could, ran a brush through my tangles, and went to eat.
My mom made a hot breakfast almost every morning of my life. Sundays were usually the only day I would wake up and not smell something delicious wafting through the halls. Now that I was on my own, it was becoming clearer I would not be making pancakes every morning. Luckily, I liked cold cereal. I pulled a bowl out of the cupboard and poured myself the first thing I grabbed.
As I ate, I studied my recently begun painting. It was ready for the next layer, and I made a mental note to save time for painting that night. After rinsing my bowl and putting it in the dishwasher, I trudged back to the bathroom to get ready for the day. 
Jessie finally woke up as I was sliding my last notebook into my backpack. She wore the same disheveled look I had. Wishing her a good morning, I slung my bag over my shoulder. She mumbled something in return, and I laughed to myself as I stepped out the door. 
The college was only a few blocks away, in between the apartment and the Strip. I probably lived close enough to walk, but it was so hot. Now that I’d been hired to work in the library, I wasn’t as worried about money. The air conditioning was now officially my best friend. 
The campus was a mixture of architectures; each building was made to suit the department it housed. The physics building confused me the most—I didn’t get why it was shaped like a wave and had a variety of multi-colored banners in the windows. It wasn’t a big deal, though; I wasn’t there to study the buildings. The grounds were fantastic also, combining local desert and grassy areas to enjoy. It had a nice feeling, like most scholarly places, and was relaxing as well. 
I had signed up to attend full time, knowing I would be taking more classes focusing on art since I already had my associate’s degree. Thankfully, it worked out that I would only be spending the morning at classes three times a week. After my classes I would go to work and get off around five. It made for long days, but I liked that I had a day off between everything. 
I parked my car next to the art building and started towards my first class. I’d met the teacher and was excited to finally start the next step in my education. As I entered the room, I smiled at my fellow classmates. They were all different types—different races, sizes, and personalities—and I liked that. It made for an interesting class. I chose a seat in the middle and settled down for a good first day.

At ten after five that night, I flopped into the driver’s seat of my car. My head was buzzing from the astronomical amount of information that had been shoved down my throat and I was now trying to commit to memory. The classes hadn’t been bad, but I’d been overloaded with information in the library. I’d known there would be some technical stuff to learn, but I had grossly underestimated how much there really was. I hoped I would get it all down soon. Getting things wrong would only slow me down, and I didn’t want the librarian to have any reason to replace me. 
I took a deep breath and laid my head back against the seat. It had been a good day— a little overwhelming, but still successful in my opinion. I had high hopes for the rest of the semester. I was especially excited about the art show at the end of November, right before break. I was already considering entering the painting I’d started in the kitchen, if it turned out good enough. 
I turned the car on and backed out of my spot, adjusting the air down to low despite the fact the sun hadn’t set yet. Traffic was bad, a combination of students and workers heading home. I was grateful for the radio keeping me entertained and boosting my mood with a few good tunes. By the time I pulled into my spot at the apartment I was feeling less worn out and more like I could go out and party again. 
I got out of the car, humming a song from the radio, thinking that I should probably call my mom before she had a panic attack again. I looked up as I approached the stairs and stopped dead in my tracks. 
Zeus. 
He was sitting on the second step from the bottom, wearing tennis shoes, faded jeans, a white V-neck t-shirt, a goofy smile, and holding at least a dozen of the largest red roses I’d ever seen. When I didn’t move towards him, he stood, still grinning like an idiot and held the flowers out to me. 
“I came to beg your forgiveness,” he said in a noncommittal, mocking tone. 
I felt sick to my stomach and my lips pinched together, turning down. I remained silent, having no desire to speak to him. 
“What’s the matter? Don’t you like them?” He walked toward me as he spoke. “Every girl likes roses.” 
I felt rooted to the spot, but my disgust at what he’d said to me the night before was boiling up inside me. I still wanted to punch him in the nose, but I was pretty sure I’d break my hand before I could break his face. 
“Here, take them,” he said forcibly, closing the last bit of distance between us and shoving them into my arms. 
Their sweet aroma filled my nose as the petals blocked my view entirely. I pulled them away from my face so I could see better. Zeus was still standing right in front of me, his eyes boring into mine. 
“Well?” he demanded. 
The irritation finally took over, and I threw the flowers on the ground. Tearing my eyes away from his, I did a quick sidestep and ran up the stairs into my apartment. I locked the door behind me and leaned against it, adrenaline pumping through my veins as I closed my eyes. 
He had such nerve, showing up where I live! I wondered for a brief second how he had discovered that piece of information and then brushed it aside. Sure, I’d had a little time to think about what he’d done, but it wasn’t enough for me to forgive him yet. I wasn’t raised to be a one‑night‑stand kind of girl, and I refused to be treated like one by a total stranger. 
A muffled yelling started from outside, causing my eyes to snap open. I moved to the window and opened the blinds enough to see what was going on. 
Zeus was pacing back and forth over the scattered roses, waving his arms and gesturing from them to my apartment. I couldn’t understand what he was yelling, but his rage gave me some satisfaction. He began kicking the already battered flowers, still yelling at the top of his lungs. Once he’d thoroughly ruined them, he turned back towards the apartment and continued shouting, pointing his finger and stomping his foot. His face was a remarkable color of red, a stark contrast to the cool I was now feeling. 
I left the window, Zeus still screaming in the background, and headed into the kitchen. I scavenged for some dinner, settling on Ravioli, and made a note to go grocery shopping. I needed to stop eating my roommates’ food and get some I could share with them in return.
The screaming continued outside as I sat down to eat. It was impressive how long he’d been going at it, but I was starting to ignore him. It wasn’t until I’d finished washing my dishes that I realized it had stopped. 
I went back to the window, carefully peeking out to see if he was still there. The roses were mashed into a pulp and scattered all over the ground, but Zeus was no longer next to them. I quickly scanned what I could see of the parking lot and discovered him sitting on the back of what must have been his car. It was a silver convertible, obviously meant to show his wealth, but I was unimpressed. He had his arms crossed and appeared to be mumbling to himself. 
I considered calling the cops, amazed that a neighbor hadn’t done so already. In the end, I decided to keep snubbing him. He had to leave eventually.
I went to my room and pulled out my paint supplies, eager to work on—what I hoped would be—my entry in the art show. Back in the front of the house, I glanced out the window again to check on the situation there. He was still sitting on his car. 
I moved my painting into the kitchen and got to work. Soon, a dry, cracked desert ground covered the bottom half of the canvas. I was very pleased with how it was turning out, but knew it still had a ways to go. 
I looked at the clock. It was almost eight. 
Leaving my work in the kitchen, I got up and returned to the window. Zeus was still there, on the back of his car. His arms were folded tightly across his chest and he stared up towards me with tight lips. I laughed at his continued fury, astonished at how upset he was over a couple of flowers. It was impressive how long he’d been out there. Hopefully, he wasn’t waiting for me to come out for another confrontation.  
A car pulled into the parking lot and stopped a couple spaces away from him. Jessie crawled out, coming home from work. I’d never seen her without her sisters, both of whom were still away. I felt a slight panic when Zeus jumped off his car and strode over to her. 
He followed her as she walked to the stairs, talking to her and angrily, gesturing from the roses to the apartment. She finally stopped and turned to him, clearly arguing, until he threw his hands in the air and went back to his car. I could see him muttering as he got in, then slammed the door, and pealed out of the complex. 
“What happened, what did he say?” I asked as I opened the door for Jessie once she was upstairs. 
“Huh?” She looked at me, confused. “Oh, him.” She rolled her eyes and put her bag on the counter. “Apparently, he recognized me from the club and knew we were friends. He was going on about how much the roses cost. He wanted me to tell you he is quite put out that you ruined them.
“Actually, I only threw them on the ground. He’s the one that smashed them to pieces,” I giggled. 
Jessie let out a long sigh as she sat on the couch and covered her face with her hands. 
“Hey, what’s wrong?” I asked, all humor gone. “I’m sorry he took it out on you. You didn’t have anything to do with it—he shouldn’t have treated you like that.” 
“It’s fine,” she said, putting her hands in her lap and sitting up. “I had a rough day at work. No big deal.” A tired smile graced her face. 
“Oh,” I said softly. “Do you need anything? Want me to make you some food?” I sat on the couch next to her and placed a hand on her shoulder. 
“No, it’s fine,” she said. “I think I’ll just go wait for my sisters in their room.”
 She got up and walked down the hall, shutting their bedroom door behind her. I worried I had upset her somehow, but my gut said it had to do with something else. 
I pulled my phone out of my pocket and called my mom, remembering she’d wanted to hear about my first day at school. About twenty minutes into my call, Jenny and Julie came through the door, laughing over something their teacher had said. 
“Jessie’s in your room,” I whispered as I covered the mouthpiece of my phone. “She had a bad day and is really upset about something.” 
The two girls gave me their thanks and hurried to her. 
“Huh? Oh, yeah Mom. I’m listening.” 
I talked with my mom about school for another ten minutes then decided to go check on Jessie. I put my phone on the counter and headed down the hall, hearing soft voices through the bedroom door. 
“He knows,” Jessie said. 
“What are we supposed to do now? Do we refuse to acknowledge him?” Julie asked. 
“The time is up,” Jenny added. 
Unconsciously, I leaned against the door trying to hear better, and it suddenly jerked open, shocking me. 
“Sorry,” I stammered. “I was coming to check on Jessie.” I rubbed my arms nervously and smiled, trying to ease the discomfort of having almost been caught eavesdropping. 
“I’m fine, thanks. Just tired.” Jessie smiled at me and I relaxed some. 
“Good, good. Is it ok if I take a bath tonight then? Or did you guys need the bathroom for anything?” I said, trying to find another reason for my presence.
“Nope, we’re all good,” Julie said. 
“Okay, thanks.” I smiled awkwardly and turned to the bathroom. If I was going to be forced to do something, at least it was a bath. 
The tub wasn’t terribly small, but it wasn’t as big as I would have liked either. I turned the water on, letting it warm up before I plugged the drain. Feeling like some extra relaxation was in order, I pulled out some old bubble bath I’d had forever and brought along on the move and poured it in. 
While the bubbles grew in size and number, I went into the bedroom and grabbed the two candles on my dresser. They smelled wonderful and would add a new level to my soak. Once everything was situated and the warm water was calling my name, I stripped down and slid into happiness. 
The silence gave me room to think over everything that had happened since I’d arrived in Las Vegas. I was surprised to find I was more than happy with the way my life was turning out. I also mused over what little of the girls’ conversation I’d heard. What could they have been talking about? Was “he” Zeus, or someone I’d never even met? Why did they need to talk about it privately if it didn’t have anything to do with me?


Chapter Six


“No, no, no, no, no!” I groaned. “I can’t afford this!” I looked around, as if I was expecting to catch the perpetrator.  
“You,” I growled, spotting Zeus sitting in his convertible a couple spots away. 
I stomped over to him; my fists clenched and smoke practically billowing from my nose. 
“Did you really pop all my tires over those stupid roses?!” I spat, raising my hands to fight. “You are such an a—“ 
“Whoa, hold on there!” He held his hands up in defense, innocence plastered on his face. “I didn’t pop anything.” 
“Really? Then why are all of my tires flat?” I wanted to literally rip his ear off and readied every swear word I knew, preparing an arsenal to loose on him. 
“I thought something was wrong with the valves, so I fiddled with them a little. I guess I accidently let the air out.” He was still the picture of innocence, but I caught a slight twitching of his mouth. 
“I cannot believe you!” I screamed. “Do you know what this means?! I’m going to be late to class because I have to fix them! It’s only the second day of school. What will my professor think?” I grabbed the top of his door and leaned over, right into his face. “If I lose my scholarship, so help me, I’ll—“ 
“Hang on baby,” he crooned. 
“Ugh. Do not call me baby.” If I had a knife I would have been slicing things off, Bible style. 
“Chill out, will you? That’s why I stuck around; I’ll drive you to school. Look,” he grabbed a cup and held it out to me. “I even brought coffee.” 
I stared at the cup dumbfounded. 
“You flattened my tires so I would have to hitch a ride?” I raised an eyebrow, folding my arms. 
“Get in the car,” he sighed. “You said yourself you’ll be late if you don’t come with me.” 
“I did not say that.” 
“You implied it.” He smiled at me, lowering his designer sunglasses so I could see his eyes. 
“I did not! I—whatever. But I’m not drinking the coffee.” I walked around to the other side of the car, hating that he was right. I needed the ride. 
“Touchy,” he joked. 
“I don’t drink coffee before art class,” I shot back. “It makes my work jittery.” 
“Art huh?” 
“Don’t talk to me.” 

I fumed through all of my classes, struggling to maintain focus. Zeus agreed to have my tires aired back up and my car dropped off, so I wouldn’t have to find a ride home. I could only hope he’d hold up his end of the deal. 
I couldn’t believe he’d come to my house. Twice. Especially after the way he treated me at the club. He’d still been as handsome as sin, his maroon shirt and jeans practically painted on . . . .I needed to focus. This guy was going to make my life miserable! Maybe I should have forgiven him when he brought the flowers. Then I never would have had to see him again and life would have been great. 
I tried to pay attention to what the teacher was saying. It was my last class for the day, and I was supposed to be taking notes for a quiz next week. I gripped my pen and started writing furiously—leaving ink blots on the page.
What if my parents were right and this was the start of a stalking? I could end up dead in a dumpster—or worse! Several worse case scenarios started to run through my mind, many depicting my bones being used as decoration in his resort. So much for concentrating.
I hated him! He thought he could have whatever he wanted—whoever he wanted. Well he was in for a trip if he thought he was getting anything from me. I drummed my fingers on my desk, scowling. Maybe he’d get the picture if I burned his resort down. Running my hands through my hair, I sighed. I was really worked up and couldn’t shake it. Something about Zeus just drove me up the wall.
I was one of the first people out of the room when the professor dismissed us, heading straight to the parking lot to see if my car was there. 
It wasn’t.
Cursing under my breath, I headed to the campus student center. At least they sold food there, and I didn’t need my car to go get any. 
I tried to calm myself again over lunch. I needed to remember everything I’d learned in the library yesterday. Being mad wasn’t going to help me at all. I put some headphones on and jammed for a couple of minutes then headed to work. 

Surprisingly, I was remembering everything well. Everyone I’d worked with was very nice and patient. It felt much more comfortable than it had the day before. I must have had the first‑day jitters. 
I was shelving books next to the window that overlooked the parking lot and rolled my eyes when I discovered my car still wasn’t there. I was off in two hours and didn’t even know who to call to pick me up, other than a cab. At least I’d know who to tell the cops to go after for grand theft auto. 
“Whatcha lookin’ at?” Zeus’s voice in my ear made me jump and bump into him. 
“What is wrong with you?” I demanded. “And where is my car?” 
“I parked it in the lot, like you said.” He raised an eyebrow at me. 
The nerve. 
“It’s not out there, I looked.” I let venom course through my voice. 
“Oh, you meant this one? I parked it next to the math building.” 
“That’s clear on the other side of campus,” I groaned. “I told you to park it here, next to the library!” 
“I guess I’ll have to walk you across campus then—just to make sure you find it alright.” He smiled brilliantly at me, and I wanted to knock his teeth out. 
“Fine,” I ground out through clenched teeth. Turning my back, I went back to shelving books. 
“Need help with anything?” I glanced over my shoulder and saw him holding a couple of books from my cart, a goofy grin on his face. 
“Don’t touch those!” I hissed. “Just leave me alone, okay?” I grabbed the hardcovers from him, shoved them on the cart, and stormed away with it. 
A few aisles later, I went to place some manuscripts on a shelf, and my heart seized when Zeus’s face appeared from the other side. 
“Hey,” he said in a flirty tone. His countenance was still one of conquest. I was pretty sure I’d become a prize for him to win and that was all. 
I shoved the tomes in his face. 
When it was finally almost time to go home, and I was behind the help desk with one of the assistant librarians, he came up to me again. 
“Excuse me, miss. Can you help me?” His voice was pleading, and he held a novel in his hand. 
I rolled my eyes and turned to pass him off, but the librarian nodded in encouragement to me. I faced him again, my fists clenched under the counter. 
“Yes, sir. What may I assist you with?” He grinned like an idiot as I spoke. 
“Well, you see, I have this book here,” he began in his pleading voice again. “And I wanted to get the whole series while I was here. Could you help me find it?” He held the volume out to me like a child trying to show a parent the picture they’d drawn. Snatching it from him, I quickly jotted the required information into the computer. 
“Excuse me, sir.” I had to bite back a sneer; my boss was watching. “This novel isn’t part of a series.”
“Oh, my mistake.” His eyes sparkled. “Thank you for your help,” he said with a seductive smile as he took the book back.
I was going to kill him.
I hurried to grab my things from the library office and then peered out to see if he was anywhere in sight. I made a mad dash to the door when I didn’t find him. Victory surged through my veins as I hurried across campus, glad to be rid of him.
“Hold on there!” A rock-hard arm shot out and caught me around the waist, almost knocking the air out of me.
“How did you catch me,” I groaned as Zeus released me.
“I figured you needed your keys to start your car.” He dangled them in front of my face, and I made a grab for them, but missed.
“No, I don’t think so. You can have them when we get to the car.”
If looks could kill, he would have been dead on the sidewalk. And I may or may not have danced over his body.
He tried to talk to me for the rest of our little walk but I ignored him. I figured all of the rudeness in the world wouldn’t ever equal what he’d done in the club. When we reached the car, I held my hand out for the keys. 
“Can I have a ride?” he burst out suddenly. “I don’t have my car because I drove yours here.” He flashed me a sheepish grin. 
“Give me the keys,” I demanded. He pulled them from his pocket and dangled them in my face. My glaring finally got to him, and he handed them over. I unlocked the doors, muttering, and got in. 
Immediately, I could tell something was different. Not only did the car now smell like Zeus, but there was a shiny new stereo in place of my old one. I investigated the rest of the interior. It appeared to have new speakers as well. 
“Nice, right?” Zeus nodded his head as he climbed in and reached over to turn the system on. I slapped his hand out of the way. 
“No, not nice! What did you do to my car?!” I looked at him with unbelieving eyes. 
“I got you a new sound system. A thank you would be nice,” he said as he cradled his hand, pretending to be hurt. 
“No! Not thank you! I bought the old system myself! I saved my money for months—every single penny I had during high school! I even installed it myself so I would know how to take care of it!” My fists balled on the steering wheel and I could feel the angry tears filling my eyes. 
“I just thought—“
“You thought wrong,” I said simply. “I can’t be bought. Not with flowers, not with coffee, and most definitely not with a sound system.” He seemed shocked. “Please just get out of my car. Call a cab. You obviously have the money for it.” 
I was shocked when he did so without saying a word. I practically flew out of the parking lot in my haste to get away from him, the tears finally spilling over. I was so irritated, but I was more hurt. It was upsetting that he thought he could buy my attention.
I ran inside when I got home. Zeus’s car was still parked in the lot, which meant he would probably be arriving soon. 
“Oh my gosh, Karly, what’s wrong?” Jessie jumped up from the couch where she’d been watching a movie. “Are you okay?” 
“Not really,” I admitted, wounded tears falling anew. 
“Do you want to talk about it?” she said softly. 
“Not now, if you don’t mind.” I hiccupped as I headed to my room. 
There was a soft knock at the front door, and I heard Jessie answer. 
“Is Karly here?” It was Zeus. 
“I don’t think she wants to talk to you right now.” Jessie was soft but sure. I silently thanked her even though she couldn’t see me. 
“Okay. Um, could you tell her I’m sorry? I won’t try to buy her things anymore.” 
“Yeah, I’ll tell her.” 
“Thanks.” 
The entrance clicked closed and Jessie came down the hall. 
“You hear that?” she asked when she saw me leaning against the wall. 
“Yeah.”


Chapter Seven


The next morning there were some flowers tucked under my windshield wiper with a note.
K-
Picked these from the patch in front of your car. I’ll try to appreciate the things you like more; I enjoyed our time in the library. Have a nice day.
-Z 
I looked in front of my car and, sure enough, there was a weed patch the flowers had been growing in. I wasn’t happy he was still bothering me, but it was a step up from being showered with expensive items. I laughed as I realized how many girls would have loved to be showered with gifts. I guess I wasn’t most girls.
I got in the car and headed to school, the weeds—flowers—in the backseat. I was a little curious over the comment about appreciating things I liked, but pushed it aside as I walked into art class. 
“Class, today we have an amazing opportunity!” My teacher, a pretty, middle-aged woman, bounced on the balls of her feet as she clapped her hands. “We’ve had a model offer to pose for us today, so we’ll be taking a break from our oil-based landscapes. Please be advised, our model will be disrobed.” 
I sighed and went to grab one of the school’s easels and paint sets. I wasn’t so concerned about the model being nude, I’d seen lots of nude paintings, but I was disappointed I didn’t have my own materials to work with. 
I picked a spot next to the platform set up in the middle of the room and started laying everything out. I liked to be in front, so I wasn’t craning to see over anyone’s head while I worked. I didn’t look up when the teacher began to speak again. 
“Class, this is our model for the day! And your name is . . . ?”
“Zeus.” 
My head snapped up so quickly I thought my neck might break. 
He was wearing nothing but a white bathrobe and the cockiest grin I’d ever seen. My eyes must have been like orbs, I was so shocked. He gave me a quick wink, and my mouth popped open in disbelief. 
“Well, Zeus, thank you so much for volunteering to do this for us,” the teacher continued. 
“It’s no problem,” he said. “I simply want to appreciate every art form out there. I thought if I was a part of the art, it would mean more to me.” 
“We’re very happy you’re here,” the teacher said. Her eyes were glazing over as she stared at him, and I could almost see the fantasy she must have had playing in her head.
“Should I?” He pointed at the platform and moved to take his robe off. 
“Oh, yes, please!” She grabbed an easel herself, never taking her eyes from him, and sat down. 
I gasped as his robe came off, snapping my mouth shut and averting my eyes just in time. I could feel my cheeks blushing a million shades of red. 
“This is officially my favorite class ever,” the girl next to me said with a grin, her gaze devouring the man in front of her. 
“Uh-huh,” I agreed weakly. I glanced around the side of my canvas and saw Zeus, lying on his side with his legs stretched out straight, propped up on his elbow, facing me. 
“Hey,” he said, cocking an eyebrow and smiling devilishly. 
I gulped, my eyes still wide, and made sure my easel was positioned so that there was no chance of me seeing his lower half. If the professor had wanted a full body portrait, then I was getting half off—I wasn’t even going to look at that part of him. 
I heard him laugh softly and peeked up again. He was still staring at me, a wide smile on his lips. 
“Did you get my flowers?” he whispered. 
I nodded and gulped again, focusing on my still-blank canvas. Maybe if I didn’t speak to him, he would quiet down himself.
“You know what? This position is a little bit uncomfortable,” he said to the class. “Do you mind if I move?” 
There was a chorus of approval from the females in the room and some grumbling from the males. Zeus scooted a little farther down, laid his head on his arm, and bent his upper leg, so his foot was now on the floor behind his other leg. The position opened up his private area, and I squirmed as I readjusted my painting so I wouldn’t see it. 
“We should go out tonight,” he whispered to me again. “It’ll be fun, I promise. We can talk about today’s class” 
I died a thousand deaths inside. The girl next to me was sending a murderous glare my way. This was not an experience I ever wanted to talk about. To anyone. Ever. I remained silent, trying to paint his head and shoulders. Maybe a bust would still get me a good grade. 
“Is that a yes or no?” There was laughter in his eyes as he spoke, clearly aware of my discomfort. 
“I’m sorry, this one isn’t working either,” he announced loudly and stood up. 
I ducked my head down—my easel was too short to cover anything up. I could hear him chuckling. 
“So date or no date?” he whispered again, in spite of my bowed head. “Wow, it must be hard to paint me without looking. Unless you’ve memorized my amazing good looks. Have you? That would be so flattering, as well as a good indicator you want to go out tonight.” 
I dropped my paintbrush and covered my face with my hands. 
“Just stretching for a minute,” he announced again. From the girls giggling around me I could guess he was pointing his hips in my direction.
I dropped my hands, without shifting my eyes, and sighed. 
“If I say I’ll go out with you tonight, will you stop trying to show me your crotch?” The whisper was soft and quick, but he heard it anyway. 
“I don’t know, are you saying you will?” I could hear the laughter in his whisper. 
“Yes.” 
“Sorry, I’m not feeling comfortable; I think that’s what it is. I’m going to cover my lower half up, if that’s alright.” 
I heard quiet groans of protest, and when I looked up, he had wrapped a towel around his waist. He lay back down in his original position and winked at me again. 
“Pick you up at eight then? And I can spend whatever amount of money I deem necessary?” 
“Sure.” I sighed in relief. And then I realized what I’d agreed to. Angry prickles bit at my insides. He’d somehow managed to get me after all.

I didn’t know what Zeus had planned for our date, so I dressed up. I figured it was better to be overdressed than underdressed. I had a cute white dress I’d completely forgotten about in the excitement of buying a new one. It had a tank top bodice and came a little past my knees in a pencil-style skirt. It was formfitting, but not so tight that it left nothing to the imagination. I chose a pair of red heels and necklace to offset it. Once again, I wore my hair down and curly, the way I liked it when I went out. 
At eight on the dot there was a knock at the door. Zeus stood on the other side, wearing a suit of impeccable taste. He’d also worn a red tie, which matched my shoes. He may have been driving me crazy lately, but I couldn’t deny he was extremely attractive. 
“Good evening.” He smiled and held his arm out for me. Butterflies fluttered in my stomach as I took it and walked out to the car with him. 
“Now, I was tempted to bring a limousine to pick you up, but I thought it might be frowned upon.” 
I laughed at his confession as he opened the door to his convertible for me. 
“Well, thank you for the consideration.” I smiled as he closed my door gently and got in the car. With a turn of the key, we left the complex. 
“So what are we doing?” I asked, tired of being kept in the dark. 
“That’s for me to know and you to find out,” he replied. 
Every now and then he’d look over and smile at me, soft music playing on the radio. I realized we were heading for the Strip as traffic increased around us. More lights glowed in the night air, and soon, pedestrians were crossing every which way in front of us.
“We’re not going to the club, are we?” I asked, uncomfortable at the prospect. 
“No, actually. Is that okay?” 
“Yes,” I breathed out a sigh of relief. 
Secretly, I was afraid we would end up flying somewhere like Paris. I’d seen that once in a movie. The girl hated the guy but finally agreed to go out with him. Then he took her on this huge, expensive date, and she fell in love with him right away. If Zeus was hoping for the same reaction, he was greatly lacking in judgment. If I so much as saw a runway, I would dive from the vehicle.  
We pulled up to The Bellagio and Zeus paid the valet to park his car. I released the air that I suddenly realized I’d been hoarding and relaxed into the seat. Instead of a resort employee opening the door for me, Zeus came around and swept it open with as much style as possible. I accepted the arm he held out for me and we strolled inside. It was breathtaking. My eyes scanned high and low while we walked through the front lobby, wondering what we were doing here. 
Finally, we came to a restaurant called Picasso. I could tell right away that it was one of the finest restaurants in the city. There were several awards hanging on the walls, but my breath caught when I saw the artwork. 
They were all Picassos. Zeus graciously let me stop in examine them more closely. I knew they weren’t originals, but they were very good replications. I wanted to stand and stare at them the whole night, but it would be rude. Still, I had to apologize to a couple for standing at their table too long while I surveyed the canvas on the wall next to them.  
We were seated at a table in the corner so we could be by ourselves. My menu didn’t have any prices on it, so I knew nothing would be cheap. My stomach twisted uncomfortably, but I knew I’d agreed to let him spend whatever amount he wanted. 
“What do you think?” Zeus asked quietly, studying me. 
“I think it’s amazing,” I said truthfully. “I also think you shouldn’t have gone through this much trouble for me.” 
“It was no trouble,” he said with a wave of his hand. “I have a couple of friends here, so I can get in whenever I want. I thought, since you were an art student, you would enjoy eating here.” 
“There’s only one problem,” I whispered. “I don’t know what to eat!” 
Zeus laughed and opened his menu. “I’ll tell you what’s good. Just be warned—it’ll be everything. The chef here can do no wrong.” 
I laughed in return and started asking about certain dishes. 
What followed was one of the largest, most delicious meals I’d ever had. He’d been right—everything was delicious. The chef even came out to ask us how it tasted. I’d never had an experience like this before. It was almost eleven by the time we stood to leave. 
“Thank you for dinner,” I said as we left the restaurant. “It was a nice date.” I was surprised to find that I meant it. My anger from before had greatly dissipated.  
“The date’s not over yet,” he said smiling. “The best part is yet to come. Do you trust me?”
“No.” I laughed nervously. I really didn’t trust him all that much—he had a lot to make up for. 
“Well, too bad. You have to wear a blindfold for this next part.” He pulled a piece of cloth out of his jacket pocket, and I eyed it hesitantly. 
“Why?” 
“Don’t worry, it will come off. I want our next destination to be a surprise.” He smiled reassuringly. 
 “What the heck, go ahead.” I threw caution to the wind and decided to go with it. It couldn’t be much worse than him showing up naked in my art class—unless, of course, I ended up dead in a dumpster. I grinned inwardly as I imagined the “I told you so” I would be missing from my parents if that were to happen. 
He tied the blindfold loosely around my eyes, making sure not to tie my hair in it. 
“Alright, here we go.” He took my hand and squeezed it as he began leading me forward. It was odd how comforting his hand felt in mine, and I found myself squeezing back. 
We didn’t leave the resort as far as I could tell, but we did walk through a few doors. Finally, we stopped, and he let go of my hand. 
“Are you ready?” he asked, excitement burning in his voice. 
“I guess so,” I said, still not sure what was going on. 
I felt his arms encircle me and his fingers work at the tie of my blinder. 
“Close your eyes before it comes off,” he said. His warm breath washed over my face. Soft fingers traced over my cheek and through my hair, causing my breath to catch and goose bumps to form on my arms. “I want to see your expression when you see everything.” 
“Okay,” I laughed and closed my eyes. The blindfold fell away, and I could hear his footsteps moving a few paces away from me. 
“Alright, open your eyes.” 
There were paintings everywhere—Monets, Picassos, and all sorts of other fine works. I gasped as I took them in, turning in a circle to see each of them. They were beautiful. I couldn’t decide where to start first. 
“Do you like it?” he asked from behind me. 
“I love it!” I turned to face him, a smile spread across my face. “Where are we?” 
“Still in The Bellagio,” he explained. “This is usually closed right now, but I managed to convince them to let us in. I thought you might enjoy it more without all sorts of people in your way.” 
“This is . . . Not what I expected,” I said honestly.
“What did you expect,” he laughed. 
“I’m not sure. I didn’t know what to expect from a man who had to get naked for me to go out with him.” 
“Hey now,” he said, acting hurt. “You were the one that made it difficult.” He clutched a hand to his chest like I had mortally wounded him. 
“Yeah, well . . .” I didn’t want to ruin our date by calling him out on his actions when we first met. 
“Listen,” he said, moving closer to me. “I really am sorry about that. I was a jerk and I know it. Thank you for helping me realize I’m better than that. And you’re worth more than that.” 
“Oh,” I said embarrassed. There was a little awkward silence. 
“So, do you want to see the rest of it?” He held his arm out for me again, ushering the uncomfortable feelings away. “There are a few more large rooms like this one.” 
“I would love to,” I said. It wasn’t like me to hold a grudge for so long. I decided that despite his piggish behavior before, he was a good guy. I finally found it in myself to forgive him and get to know who he really was. And if it turned out he really was a jerk, well then, I knew how to take care of him. I reached out and took his hand instead of his arm, blushing at the grin he gave me. 
“Show me the rest?” 
“I’d love to,” he replied.

Chapter Eight


I awoke the next morning in my own bed, cuddled into the covers with a stupid grin on my face. I was kind of amazed at the wonderful time I’d had. Zeus had shown me the rest of the gallery, stopping at each work to explain it in detail. I had wondered at how he obtained his vast knowledge of art. My smile grew as I remembered the tight way he’d held onto my hand the rest of the night, gripping it tightly and never letting go until he brought me home. 
And that was it. When it was time for our date to end and we were back at the apartment, he walked me to the door, wished me a goodnight and left. No kiss or anything. It had been somewhat shocking, especially after he’d pretty much asked me to sleep with him the very first time we’d met. 
I sighed, feeling content. I was sure he would call soon. I’d given him my number on the car ride home, more than happy to go out again. If he’d gone through so much trouble for a first date, he’d want a second, right?
I stayed in bed for a little while longer, until I absolutely had to get up and get ready. I laughed when I caught myself already checking my phone for messages. 

Overall, the day went quickly, but I couldn’t stop checking my phone. I shouldn’t have been so excited to get a call from the man who had tormented me my first couple of days here, but I couldn’t help it. He had really improved his image on our date. It meant something that he had catered to what I loved, instead of being merely some lame first date that any girl could have enjoyed. The fact that he’d even refrained from kissing me goodnight had also impressed me. It made me feel like he really wanted to get to know me and was trying to make up for being inappropriate before.
By the time I got home, he still hadn’t called. I was beginning to feel obsessive. Putting the phone down was hard, but I did it. I spent the night adding another coat to the latest layer on my painting and went to bed discouraged. 
If I’d known I would follow that basic pattern for the next two weeks, I would have never gone on the date in the first place. He never called. Every night I would work on my painting, do homework, call my mom, or whatever else I could think of. I wasn’t moping because he hadn’t called—I was fighting the urge to go down to his precious resort and punch him right in the nose. I felt like I’d been played, like this was his way of getting back at me. 
Finally, I decided to go down there. He wasn’t going to have this power over me. I didn’t want him ruling my emotions. He was going to find out exactly what he had missed out on by letting me get away. 
I slipped into my tennis shoes and headed for my car. I took the roads parallel to the Strip in order to avoid traffic. Rehearsing in my head what I would say to him, I pulled into the front entrance of Tartarus. 
“Leave it here,” I snapped at the valet. “I won’t be long. If you’ve got a problem with it, then you can take it up with Zeus—I’m here to see him.” The poor valet appeared shocked, but nodded his head and started waving the other cars and cabs around mine. 
I stormed into the front lobby, which closely resembled the casino except there was a large front desk instead of slot machines. 
“Where is Zeus’s office?” The girl standing behind the counter jumped at my demand. She pointed towards a pair of closed, dark-brown doors, off to the left side of her station. She looked just as stunned as the valet had been, but didn’t argue either. For that I was grateful—I already felt bad for yelling at both of them. If someone slowed me down before I got there, though, I wouldn’t be able to go in and deliver my rant.
Making a beeline for the doors, I took in a couple deep breaths, my hands forming fists at my side. Angry tears were trying to form, but I pushed them back down. I would not give him the satisfaction of seeing me cry. 
“Who, exactly, do you think you are?!” I yelled as I burst through the doors. “We had a great time and then you never called! Is this your way of getting back at me? Do you feel superior now? I should have—” I stopped dead in my tracks when I saw Zeus’s face—like the weight of the world was resting on his shoulders. There were deep worry lines creasing the corner of his eyes, and his hair looked like it had been run through with a rake. The stare he was giving me plainly displayed surprise mixed with guilt.
“Oh,” I said softly, my fire having suddenly burnt out. “I’ll come back later, I didn’t mean to—”
“No, Karly, please stay,” he sighed. “I owe you an explanation, you’re right. Please sit down.” He gestured to a pair of chairs next to a window. Despite being on the ground floor, the window showed an amazing aerial view of the Strip. 
“It’s a video feed,” he explained, noticing my confusion. “It shows the view from my room. I felt like the office needed a little bit of pizazz. You can only spend so much time in a dark office before you lose your mind.” He smiled weakly as he got up from his desk and moved towards the chairs. I followed him there, still confused as to what his explanation would be.
His office was dark. It was decorated in rich brown colors, with giant bookshelves lining the wall behind his desk. Between the doors and his desk was a large rug, which depicted a map of ancient Greece. There were similar paintings hanging on the walls. The ceiling was vaulted, giving the room an open feeling, but the lack of lighting added to the darkness. 
We settled into the arm chairs in front of the window-like screen.
“I did mean to call you,” he began. “But I didn’t want to seem too eager by calling the next day.” 
“Two weeks was too long,” I said, not able to stop the ice creeping into my voice. 
“I know,” he shot back, growling a little. “Just let me finish, okay?” 
“Okay,” I conceded. 
“I decided I would call you back in three days. That seemed like a good time. But then things got . . . messy.” 
“What does that mean?”
“My . . . uncle, Kronos, sent a message to me.” 
“You weren’t joking when you said your family was into Greek names,” I said, mostly to myself. Zeus still smiled at my comment, but continued on like I hadn’t interrupted. 
“He feels I’m not fit to run . . . uh . . . Tartarus. He wants to take control of it from me.” 
“But didn’t you start it? I mean like paying for everything, getting it all set up, all that?” 
“Yes, I did.” He slid a hand over his face, the tired demeanor growing. 
“Well, that doesn’t sound very fair,” I said. He laughed a little at that. 
“You’re right, it’s not very fair,” he chuckled. “He won’t stop until he gets it, though. That’s the problem. He’s not a very honest man either. I worry about what he’ll do to get it. This is where the messy part comes in.” He slouched over in his chair, resting his elbows on his knees. There was silence while I waited for him to continue, and he studied the screen in front of him. 
“What do you think he’ll do?” I asked after a few moments. 
“It’s not what I think he’ll do, it’s what I think he’s done.” He turned towards me, one hand raised to his chin, pulling on the short hairs there. After a minute, he turned back to the pretend window. 
“My friend, Niki, was supposed to come for a visit. She’s like a little sister to me, and I haven’t seen her in a long time.” He ran a hand through his hair and returned to resting his elbow on his knee. “I’d thought she would be here about a week ago, but she hasn’t shown up. No one knows where she is.” 
“You think your uncle kidnapped her?” I gasped. “Zeus, that’s a huge accusation! Are you sure you want to accuse him of that?”
“It wouldn’t be the first time he’s done something like that,” he grumbled. 
“Then why isn’t he in jail?!” I couldn’t believe he actually thought his uncle would be so nasty and evil over a casino. 
“He has been, for a long time. I guess he got out.” Zeus shrugged his shoulders and then stood up. “Anyway, that’s why you didn’t hear from me. I was trying to find a way to deal with my uncle and figure out what happened to Niki. I’m sorry I didn’t call. I will, though. I do want to go out again; I’ve been busy, that’s all.” 
“Hold on a second,” I said standing up. “What are you going to do about your uncle? How are you going to find out if he has Niki? Don’t you want to talk about this some more? It all sounds like a really, really big deal!” I looked at him in shock. How could he be so calm about this? 
“Zeus,” I began again, softer. “I think you might be in shock. Normally, people have already gone to the cops with stuff like this. I know he’s family, but I really think you need to talk about it some more, with someone who’s not me—someone who can actually do something about it.” He wore a small grin as he met my gaze, so I walked over and placed a hand on the side of his face. His eyes closed and he sighed deeply. 
“This is a big deal,” I said softly. “You need to get someone to help you.” He opened his eyes and stared into mine, taking my breath away. I loved their golden brown color. They were unlike anything I’d ever seen. I felt his hand cover mine and pull it towards his mouth. 
“I’ll call,” he said. He kissed the palm of my hand. 
I tried to clear my head, shooing the butterflies in my stomach and reminding myself to breathe. “Is there anything I can do to help?”
“Just keep your phone on you.” He smiled seductively. 
“You know what I mean,” I said, finally breaking eye contact. 
“I’ll be fine,” he said, releasing my hand. 
“Okay. I guess I’ll go then,” I stammered. “Sorry I burst in yelling and everything,” I added sheepishly. 
“It’s okay,” he laughed. “I deserved it.” 
I reached the door as he finished talking and opened it. 
“Karly?” 
I turned to look at him again. 
“Thank you. For listening.” 
I smiled and nodded my head. I closed the doors behind me as I left. I smiled apologetically to the girl behind the counter as well. I also made sure to tip the valet, even though he hadn’t touched my car.


Chapter Nine


I was deeply ashamed of how I’d acted. Never before had I decided to call someone out and then actually done it. It was my luck there would be a good reason for him not calling. In fact, I wouldn’t blame him if he didn’t call now. I still kept my phone close, waiting for it to ring. 
I didn’t have to wait long. 
Bright and early the next morning, my alarm was replaced with a ringtone. Groggily, I pulled the buzzing phone out from under my pillow. 
“Hello?” I found the time on the clock across the room. It was five thirty. I groaned. 
“Well, that’s no way to say hello.” Zeus’s voice came through the earpiece happy and loud. I was going to kill him. 
“Do you have any idea what time it is?” I whispered, not wanting to wake Jessie. 
“Time to wake up?” He was entirely too chipper. 
“I thought boys didn’t get up until noon,” I teased, getting out of bed and slipping into the hallway. 
“They don’t if they have a business to run—and a pretty girl to call, of course.” I could hear the teasing in his voice, as well as the smile that was sure to be accompanying it.
“I’m not very pretty right now,” I teased back, going into the living room and sitting cross‑legged on the couch. 
“I wouldn’t say that,” his voice purred. “I think you look good enough to eat.” 
I froze. “How do you know what I look like?” 
“I like the way your hair is sticking up, very sexy—almost like we spent the night together. Also love the green tank top with the black shorts. It complements the rosy color your face is turning.”
My eyes felt as wide as saucers, and I curled in on myself, quickly readjusting my bed-head ponytail. 
“Where are you? How can see me?” I was never leaving my room without being ready again. 
“Check the window, my dear,” his cocky voice came through. 
I did and, sure enough, the blinds were open just enough that I could make out Zeus standing on the other side, watching me. 
“Are you stalking me?” I teased, trying to cover up the mortification at my appearance. 
“Maybe,” came the seductive reply.
“Oh, then maybe I’ll call the cops,” I whispered dangerously. 
“Hey now,” he laughed. “I don’t have any weapons on me, just coffee. I thought you might be up for a cup this morning.” 
“Well, I’m up, that’s for sure,” I laughed. “Hang on a sec, I’ll unlock the door.” 
I hung up the phone and ran back to the bathroom to drag a brush through my hair. When I finally got to him, Zeus was pretending to be asleep, leaning on the siding. He was wearing a long sleeve, black shirt and faded jeans. If I looked good enough to eat, then he looked good enough to kill for.
“Huh? Oh, sorry,” he yawned, continuing with the ruse. “You took so long I thought I would take a little nap while I waited.” He grinned devilishly at me and stepped across the threshold. 
“So this is where you live,” he said, studying the apartment. “It’s so tiny! That sucks, I’m sorry.” He laughed some more, protesting when I punched him in the arm. 
“It’s no fancy resort,” I retorted. “But I love it, so there.” 
“That’s good enough for me.” He smiled and held out a paper cup. “I thought if I came early enough, you wouldn’t say no to my coffee this time.” 
I snorted and rolled my eyes. “That depends on how good it is,” I said, switching to mock seriousness. My face the perfect mirror of concentration, I took a large gulp of the coffee and promptly spit it out. 
“Oh my gosh! I didn’t think you were serious!” He grabbed the cup from me as I coughed, bent over with my hands on my knees. 
“No, it’s good!” I coughed out. “Just a lot hotter than I was expecting!” My eyes watered as I tried to breathe normally. Zeus sounded like he was ready to cough up a lung himself, he was laughing so hard. 
“What’s going on?” a groggy voice said behind me. I turned around to see Jessie, yawning and rubbing her eyes. “What time is it?” 
“Sorry Jessie,” I coughed. “I didn’t mean to wake you up, it’s still early.” 
She seemed to suddenly realize who was standing in the room with me and her eyes narrowed. 
“What is he doing here?” Her voice displayed her distrust. 
“He brought me some coffee. I really was trying to be quiet; I’m sorry.” I hadn’t told any of my roommates I’d even been out on a date since I’d moved here, let alone one with Zeus. “We went out a couple weeks ago,” I added sheepishly. “I forgot to tell you.” 
“Well,” she said thoughtfully. “Good for you guys. I’m going back to bed.” She winked at me, and Zeus chuckled. 
“That went a lot better than I expected,” I whispered as our bedroom door closed. 
“So, I had another reason for coming over,” Zeus said, setting our coffee on the table as I turned around. 
“What’s that?” 
“I want to go out again, tonight maybe? I thought we could go out to the mountains and do some stargazing.” 
“How about,” I said, mulling it over, “we go out to the mountains tomorrow. I don’t have anything going on because it’s Saturday. We could make a day out of it if you wanted.” I passed by him and picked up my coffee, being careful not to burn myself as I sipped it. 
“That sounds awesome,” he said. “But I was hoping for something to distract myself with tonight. No one’s heard from Niki still.” He picked up his own cup and gripped it tightly, staring down at it. 
“So come over tonight. We can watch a movie or something.” 
“Alright, cool.” He smiled at me and leaned up against the table. “So will the nightcap be here or at my place?” 
“Get out!” I pretended to throw my coffee at him and he laughed. “No seriously, get out. I have to get ready for school.”

“You have got to be kidding me,” Zeus groaned, as I held up the “movie” we were going to watch. 
“What? You’re Greek. I thought you’d get a kick out of it.” I smiled as I pulled the disc out of its case and put it in the player. 
“It’s not even a movie, it’s a television show! You said we were going to watch a movie.” 
“Come on,” I said, rolling my eyes. “It’s Hercules. Everyone loves him.” I shot a wink his way as I sat down on the couch. 
“Not everyone,” he grumbled, moving to join me. 
“Oh, really?” I said skeptically. “Who doesn’t like Hercules?” 
“Hera,” he shot back, sitting next to me and folding his arms. 
“Touché,” I laughed. “Either way, this is what I want to watch tonight. I thought we might be able to get a couple dates out of the series—if you wanted.” 
“Fine,” he sighed. “But only because I like the idea of more dates!” 
“It’ll be fun, you’ll see,” I said, picking up the remote and scooting closer. “The graphics are awesome. And by awesome, I mean nowhere near as good as what we have today.”
I pressed play, and the first episode started.
“That is not how they dressed! Or talked! And why is that short guy with Hercules? Who is he supposed to be?” 
“Calm down!” I laughed. “It’s just a show; relax a little.” I slipped my hand into his and snuggled closer to his side, resting my head lightly on his shoulder. I was rewarded with a smile and a slight hand squeeze. When we reached the part where Hera killed Hercules’ family, Zeus spoke softly again. 
“That isn’t how it really happened.” 
“Really?” I asked. His voice was full of pain reflected in his eyes. “How did it happen then, according to the actual myth?” 
“Hera caused a deep sleep to come over Hercules. In the dream she gave him, he was slaying beasts to protect his family. She tricked him, though; while he slayed the monsters in his slumber, he slaughtered his family in real life.” His face had gone pale, and I could see how much this hurt him. 
“How terrible,” I said, horrified. 
“Yes,” he whispered back. 
“Why would she do that?” 
“She hated Hercules because he was the product of one of her husband’s affairs.” 
“Why didn’t Zeus stop her?” I studied the grave look on his face, amazed at how deeply his country’s ancient religion affected him. 
“He was with another woman,” he said mournfully. “Hercules’ family was dead before . . . Zeus even knew what had happened. I don’t think he ever felt more guilt over anything in his life.” 
“I’m sorry this upsets you so much,” I said, noticing a slight shining in his eyes. I paused the show. “We can watch something else if you’d like.” 
“No,” he said, clearing his throat. “This is fine. I didn’t mean to turn into a big baby about it. Real macho, right?” He laughed at himself and shook his head. “Let’s make some popcorn. You were right, these graphics are awesome!” 
I laughed at his enthusiasm. All the sides I’d seen of him lately fascinated me—the annoying one I could do without, as well as the player and the jerk. But I liked this side of him—the one that was always laughing and getting me to laugh along. He was cocky, but sometimes that wasn’t so bad. It made for good banter, something I had always hoped for in a relationship. 
I blushed as I got up and put the popcorn in the microwave. Neither of us had said anything about being in a relationship, but we’d both said we’d like to go out more, didn’t we? He had been making up for his first impression quite nicely. I almost forgot that I’d never wanted to see him again. It seemed odd—to be so happy spending time with a guy who’d made me feel like dirt. 
There was something different about him now. I could see it in the way he looked at me and spoke with me. He wasn’t treating me like he had at the club, not that I was complaining. I really enjoyed the change. 
“Well, hello you two!” Julie said as she came through the front door. “I didn’t know we were going to have company tonight,” she said nicely. “You must be Zeus,” she held her hand out and he shook it, laughing. “Pleased to meet you.” 
“You as well,” he said, smiling. “And you are Jessie’s sister, I’m assuming?” 
“Julie,” she said promptly. “Jessie and Jenny are my sisters.” 
“Ah, triplets,” he said, making the connection. 
“Yes! I’m actually going to be meeting them at a friends’ in a few minutes. Sorry to barge in!” She smiled at me and then halfway turned to Zeus. “Don’t screw it up,” she said so softly I almost didn’t hear her. A nearly unperceivable acknowledgment passed over his face and he nodded slightly. She turned and walked down the hall to her room, closing the door behind her. 
“That was odd,” I said. 
“What was?” Zeus turned around on the couch to look at me. 
“What she said to you.” I pulled the popcorn out of the microwave and poured it into a bowl. 
“She was probably just saying not to be a tool,” he laughed. “Watching your back for you.”
“If you think so,” I said skeptically. “It didn’t seem like it to me.” 
“Come here,” he said, starting the show back up. “That popcorn smells divine!”
He pulled me down next to him, throwing an arm over my shoulders. With his free hand, he placed the popcorn on the coffee table in front of us then wrapped that arm around me as well, effectively making me feel like I was in a cocoon. I squirmed a little to get comfortable and we stayed that way for several, laughter-filled episodes.


Chapter Ten


At seven in the morning, Zeus arrived to pick me up. He’d stayed until after midnight planning our hike for today, but we’d decided to leave early for the Valley of Fire State Park to get some hiking in before the worst of the fall heat hit. He was wearing a white t-shirt and jean shorts, complete with hiking boots. I had gone for a tank top and Daisy Duke Style shorts—I didn’t want to risk roasting to death in the desert. 
“Did you remember to pack a pair of long pants too?” he asked, picking up my backpack from beside the door. 
“Yes. But I don’t want to die of heat stroke, so I didn’t put them on,” I laughed. 
“We’re probably going rock climbing, that’s why I wanted you to bring them. It’d be a shame if you cut your legs up. Also, it gets cold in the desert at night.” 
“I know,” I smiled. “I have lived in the desert my whole life!” He gave me a dazzling smile in return. 
“I got everything for lunch and dinner in the car, are you ready to go?” 
“Yes,” I grinned again. I had a feeling today was going to be one I’d remember for the rest of my life. 
“Let’s go then!” He reached and grabbed my hand, tossing my bag over his shoulder. 
I was surprised when he threw everything into the back of a Jeep. I should have known he had more than one car. I shook my head and rolled my eyes.
“What?” He opened the passenger door and helped me in. 
“Nothing,” I laughed as he ran around the front and got in the driver’s side. 
“I like cars, so what,” he joked. “There is a car for every occasion, and I think I should have one for each of them.” 
“If you say so.” 
“I do! Don’t you like it? This Jeep will be awesome in the park, you wait.”
“A car is just that, Zeus—a car. I don’t understand men’s obsessions with them.” 
“You will after today, baby,” he crooned, peering at me over the top of the sunglasses he’d just put on. 
“Baby?” I questioned, one eyebrow raised. 
“Yeah. I like it, don’t you?” 
“We’ll see,” I laughed. 

The park proved to be as amazing as Zeus promised. Everything was a brilliant red, thus the fire reference. I kept having giggle fits because some of the sandstone was wavy and resembled bacon sizzling on the cliff face. There were ancient dwellings throughout the park, as well as cool rock formations. 
We went rock climbing in one area of the park, analyzed some interesting petroglyphs after a small walk to another site, barbequed at the campground, and walked through the visitor’s center during the hottest part of the day. Once it hit about six, we started our hike. We’d be finished by sunset and then head back to the city, stopping in the mountains to star gaze. I was especially excited about the last part. I’d been able to see the stars every night in my hometown, but here the city lights washed them away. 
The trail we walked had legends that went with the whole valley and all sorts of cool rock formations. One even looked like a piano! It seemed impossible for some of them to exist—they should have crumbled millions of years ago—but somehow they had stayed strong. Zeus impressed me once again by displaying his knowledge of the area; everything from dinosaurs to ancient basket-weavers. It sounded a lot like history class, but felt a lot like art class. I had more fun than I thought possible. 
The air was still dry and hot as we drove back towards the city, although the sun was beginning to set. The mountains rose up in front of us, the only barrier between us and home, but even with the wind blowing through the open vehicle, I still had to pull my sticky, damp shirt off my stomach. 
“It would be so fantastic, if there was a little rain, don’t you think?” I looked out the top of the Jeep, glad I’d worn my hair back and it wasn’t blowing in my face. 
“Rain, huh?” Zeus smiled and reached one hand out to hold mine. “Maybe it will rain, you never know.” He glanced up at the sky quickly and then returned his gaze to the road, concentration etched on his face. 
“What are you doing?” I laughed. 
“Nothing,” he grumbled, giving the empty sky a death glare. 
“You are so peculiar!” I laughed and tightened my grip on his hand. 
We were soon situated a little ways off the road, huddled next to a cliff face. Several rocks created a semicircle, effectively making it feel like we were closed in. It was apparent people had stopped here before since there was a fire pit and lots of tire marks on the side where we had parked. Zeus had a fire going with a couple of chairs set beside it. He had even brought a couple of blankets. It was simple really, more of a natural pullout from the road, but it was perfect. I’d never enjoyed plain dirt and rocks so much. 
“Surprise!” Zeus pulled a bag of marshmallows out of one of his packs, followed by chocolate and graham crackers. “I brought hot coco mix too, if we want some.” A small saucepan and a bottle of water were pulled out of the bag as well. 
“How thoughtful of you!” I smiled and looked up at the sky. The sun had just finished setting, and several stars shone through the dim light. “It’s beautiful up here. How did you find this spot?” 
“Remember how I told you I planned where we were going?” He pulled out a radio and got up to set it on top of the car behind us. 
“Mmhhmm.” 
“I lied.” He laughed as he plugged his phone into the player. “I just kept driving until I found a place I thought was good enough.” 
“Well, remember this place then,” I laughed back. “Because it’s more than good enough, it’s perfect. I love it.”
“Then I guess I have accomplished my goal tonight.” He turned and smiled at me, while pressing a button on his phone. 
Music started playing and I giggled. “May I have this dance?” He asked in a silly voice, moving from the car and back in front of me, bowing like he was before the Queen. 
“Of course you may!” I replied in my best imitation of his voice. 
A goofy grin spread over his face, and he rushed over to me, grabbing my hand and pulling me up. We proceeded to invent a dance, which in no way matched the music. Our laughter echoed off the rocks around us, and the fire threw our shadows every which way, making it appear as if there was more than one couple dancing. Suddenly, a chill overtook me. I hadn’t realized how far the temperature had dropped, and I was starting to wish I’d put my long pants back on after our hike. 
“Here, let me help,” Zeus said, releasing me for a moment and grabbing a blanket. “I worried it would get really chilly tonight. It’s not so bad in the summer, but once fall hits, it can get pretty cold when the sun goes down.” 
“I know, I didn’t realize how frozen I was until now,” I chattered. 
He wrapped the blanket around his shoulders , pulling me close and covering me as well.
“It’s a little frosty; I thought I’d help warm it up for you.” He smiled sincerely, even though the cover alone was fine. 
“Right,” I said, unable to concentrate. He was very close. There was something about his proximity that made it hard for me to focus. “Thank you,” I managed to get out.
We were silent for a moment, looking at the stars. I really enjoyed his company and felt sad we would be parting soon. 
“Hey, Karly?” he whispered, turning toward me. 
“Yeah?” I kept my eyes on the sky, devouring the twinkling lights which would soon be lost in the city’s glow. 
“Can I kiss you?” 
I snapped my attention back to him. I felt the blush rise in my face as I answered. “You don’t have to ask.” 
“Good,” he smiled softly, leaning in as he looked at my lips. “I didn’t want you to call me a pig again.” 
His lips touched mine before I could reply. My breath stopped as my body became hyper aware of his rock hard abs against me. 
He pulled the blanket around us tighter, locking in the heat and trapping me against his chest. While one hand held the corners together behind my shoulders, the other rested on my hip, gripping me softly. Fire shot through my veins as his hot breath warmed my face. 
His lips moved over mine gently, like feathers barely brushing my skin, but my insides twisted as if the kiss were filled with deep passion. The heat churned in my stomach as my body cried out for more. I blushed as he pulled his mouth away and rubbed his cheek against mine. Even with the heat from his body and the blanket, goose bumps erupted over my skin. Suddenly, I couldn’t get enough of him. 
I recaptured his mouth with mine, using all the strength I could muster. I felt my hands on his chest, crushed beneath my body as I returned his soft caresses much more roughly than he’d delivered them. My heart pounded as he softly nipped my lower lip with his teeth, tightening his hold on me. He quickly licked the inside of my top lip and then gave me one last, lingering kiss. My knees felt as if they would buckle, and I sucked in a breath, suddenly remembering how to breathe. Lightning raced through my veins, filling me with longing for another kiss. 
Zeus rested his forehead against mine and smiled. “How was that?” 
I giggled in embarrassment, snuggling deeper into his embrace. “I don’t kiss and tell,” I teased. 
He laughed as he scanned the sky. “Well, what do you know, baby. It looks like rain.” He turned back to me, triumph in his eyes. 
“Wow, how did those clouds get here so fast?” I looked up at the dark clouds in wonder. 
“Maybe someone heard your plea for water,” he teased me. 
“Ha ha, very funny,” I said smugly. “There’s no rain yet, so I obviously don’t have that much pull!” 
I was answered with a crushing kiss, much stronger than any before. I threw my arms around his waist and squeezed back, reveling in the feeling. My heart raced in my chest. Every inch of me wanted to be touched by him. My lungs begged for breath, but I couldn’t tear my mouth from his. He tasted like honey, his lips burning into mine. 
I didn’t want him to stop, but rain slowly started to fall, plopping onto my hair and face. It was only a sprinkle, but it was enough to draw our attention back to the sky. 
“What do you know; maybe I do have some pull after all.” I smiled, wiping a single drop off my cheek. After a moment, I watched Zeus as he surveyed the storm. He seemed proud, like he’d brought on the storm himself, but there was a shadow of sadness there also. 
“Hey,” I said, touching his face with one hand. “What’s wrong?” 
“Nothing,” he said, smiling at me. “Did you have a good day today?” 
“It was the best date I’ve ever been on,” I replied honestly. I couldn’t think of any other time I’d connected this well with someone, especially a guy. I couldn’t believe I’d thrown out and labeled him no good and he’d turned out to be such a nice person. 
Thunder sounded in the distance and his eyes flashed, a full blown grin overtaking his face.


Chapter Eleven


The next month was a blur. Zeus and I saw each other between classes and our work schedules, sharing kisses and growing closer together. I knew he needed the distraction from what his uncle was doing. 
There was still no news about Niki, though he said the cops were finally involved. He didn’t talk about his uncle, but I knew there were some major problems where he was concerned. I didn’t really bother him about it, choosing to let him relax when we were together. Every now and then I would ask short questions, but that was all. 
Thankfully, a rather large distraction was taking up most of his time lately. October had arrived, and every resort was frantically arranging their Halloween celebrations. However, Zeus informed me that there is no such holiday in Greece. At first I thought that meant he wasn’t going to do anything, but I was wrong again. Apokries, a mix between Halloween and Marti Gras, was going to be the celebration of choice at Tartarus. It normally took place in February, but since we were in America, we were celebrating it now to help hype the resort. It would last three weeks, as tradition dictated, ending on the last day of the month. Zeus had planned a large costume party and parade for the final day of the festivities. His staff decorated the entire resort accordingly, wanting the carnival to go over well as much as he did. 
We were at a local costume shop, searching for the perfect outfits. By ‘we’ I mean me. Zeus was a more-than-willing audience as I tried on every costume that caught my eye. 
“Vhat do you think?” I drawled in my best Dracula voice, sweeping the long, black cape up to hide the bottom half of my freshly fanged face. 
“I still think you should go with my first suggestion,” he answered, continuing to read the magazine he’d picked up. 
“I’m not going to be a slutty bunny,” I argued. 
Finally looking at me, he said, “They have a nice, super-hot vampire one over there too.”
“No way!” I rolled my eyes and went back to change into the next getup. “I want to have fun, not ward off creeps all night.” 
“You won’t have to,” he called back. “I’ll keep you right next to me the whole time.” 
I came out in witchy attire and examined myself in the mirror. I liked it, especially the black and orange socks. The black dress and matching cape fell a couple inches above my knees, perfect for showing off the cute stockings. “I like this one a lot,” I said, placing the pointed hat on my head and turning to him. 
“Slutty nurse?” he asked, a hopeful look on his face. 
“Nope.” I stuck my tongue out and went to change again. 
“What about the Santa one?” he pleaded with me. 
“Not a chance!” I laughed back. 
I came out dressed in my normal clothes, witch uniform in hand. 
“This is the one,” I said, smiling confidently. “Where’s your costume?” 
“Here it is.” He held out a bag as he grabbed my hand and headed toward the checkout stand. I laughed when I saw the picture on the front. 
“You’re kidding, right?” 
“What? I think it’s perfect.” He laid his stuff on the counter and grabbed my purchases from me. 
“It is. I think that’s what’s so funny,” I laughed some more. 
“Will this be it for you?” The pimply, teenage boy behind the desk asked. 
“Yes,” Zeus confirmed. 
“Alright then, one witch costume and one Zeus, King of the Gods, costume,” he droned. “That will be forty two fifty.” 
I had to cover my mouth to keep from laughing as we paid and left the store. 

“So I have arranged for the casino to be decorated like the underworld. Cool right?” 
We were speeding down the highway, in typical Zeus fashion. 
“If I’m going to die in a car accident, I want to at least have fun doing it,” he would always say. I personally thought he was crazy. He drove like there was no chance he could die, despite the statistics I’d stuffed him full of. 
“That sounds awesome,” I said, somewhat distracted. I’d wanted to ask him something, but my nerves had kept me from speaking up. I felt like doing so would be a big step for us—it really was a big step for anyone to take. 
“If we work fast, all the props and decorations can be down in a couple of days. Then we can rest until Christmas.” 
I saw my window of opportunity open and jumped through it. 
“You won’t be doing anything special for Thanksgiving?” I held my breath, waiting for his answer. 
“No, I don’t think so. I’m sure the stores will have Black Friday sales, but that’s all. You can only see so many turkey decorations before you’re ready to shoot them.” He laughed. “That was punny. Go me!” He glanced over at me and smiled dorkily. I rolled my eyes at the bad joke. 
“Well,” I dug up the courage to say what I wanted, “I’m going to my parents for the break.” 
“Sounds like fun,” he said nonchalantly. 
“Really? Because I was wondering if you would, you know . . .” I was stammering and I hated it. 
“Sure, I’ll come if you want me to,” he said enthusiastically. “I’d love to!” 
“Wow, that’s really great,” I laughed, relieved. “I didn’t know if you’d want to.” I grimaced, embarrassed I’d admitted to it. 
“Why wouldn’t I want to spend the holiday with my girlfriend?” 
I sucked in a startled breath. He’d never called me that before, although I knew we were dating exclusively. 
“I would very much like to meet your parents. I want to thank them for sending you here.”
I burst out laughing. “Don’t tell them that!” I gasped. “It will make them hate you for sure!”
We pulled off the highway and headed toward my apartment, laughing over my reenactment of the fit my parents had thrown before I moved.
We pulled into the lot and Zeus got out. Walking around the front of the vehicle, he opened my door for me. 
“So, boyfriend,” I said, liking how it sounded. “I think some celebrations are in order. Are you free tonight?” 
“I’m not actually,” he said, frowning. He seemed to ponder that for a moment and then his face lit up. “But I am free right now, for about five minutes.” He gave me a seductive smile as he pulled me out of the car. “So I guess this will have to do.” 
He wrapped his arms around me and slammed the door shut with his foot. Taking my face in his hands, he pushed me up against the car, leaving no space between us. Eyes smoldering, he lightly brushed his thumb over my lips and tilted my face up. I returned his smile as he leaned in closer. 
His lips met mine, one of his hands sliding down my side and grabbing my hip. I threw my arms around his neck as he deepened the kiss, his other hand leaving my face and trailing down my back. My mind was going fuzzy with warmth. Everywhere he touched burned, begging for more of him. 
I gasped as he picked me up and laid me over the hood of the car, practically climbing on top of me. I grasped him tighter, half out of fear of falling, half out of wanting more. His lips left mine, making a path of kisses down my jaw and onto my neck. I’d never been kissed like this before—it was heaven. My breath was coming in short bursts and my body seemed like it would burst from desire. 
“Hey! Get a room!” a voice yelled from somewhere.
I blushed a deep red, but Zeus kept kissing me. One hand found its way into my hair, pulling on it gently. Coming back to my lips, he licked them, tugging on the bottom with his teeth. He then feathered kisses all over my face, his hand leaving my hair and brushing down my side. One of his fingers hooked on my belt loop, and he used it to pull me even closer, if that was possible. 
“I’m serious!” the voice called out again. “I’m going to call the cops!” 
Zeus growled and I heard glass breaking. The man who’d shouted at us said something about a light bulb exploding. I laughed as Zeus rolled his eyes. 
He lifted me off the car, placing me on my feet and leaning me against the metal, giving me one last kiss. 
“I’ll see you later,” he murmured, his forehead resting against mine while he played with a lock of my hair. 
“Okay,” I said breathlessly, wishing he didn’t have to go. “Tomorrow?” 
“You know it, baby.”


Chapter Twelve


“So what are we watching tonight?” 
We were in the elevator at Tartarus, on our way to Zeus's penthouse. Another movie date was on the calendar, and I was sure he had picked something scary since it was the season of spooks. 
“You’ll see,” he laughed, squeezing my hand. 
I couldn’t stop staring at him. His faded jeans hugged him in all the right places, a white belt adding exactly the right amount of sexiness. A long sleeve, button up maroon shirt which fit him perfectly, accented his chest and shoulders. I wanted to reach out and stroke them, he looked so delicious! His hair was fixed in the normal, messy way I loved. Everything about him was magnificent, as always. 
I frowned slightly as I examined myself in the reflective doors. I’d thought my jeans and pink tank top looked good when I got dressed, but now I looked downright awful.
“Don’t even think it,” Zeus said, stepping behind me, wrapping his arms around my waist, and resting his chin on my shoulder. 
“Think what?” 
“You’re beautiful and you know it.” His reflection mirrored the smile he wore. 
“I wasn’t thinking about that,” I lied. 
“Yes, you were. I could tell from the look on your face.” 
“No I wa—wow!”
The elevator opened and I sucked in a breath, taking in his home. It was decorated in dark grays and blacks, with low lighting. The outside wall, opposite us, was wall to wall windows. The Strip glittered outside, and I suddenly realized the video feed in his office was from this window.
With hesitant steps I entered, marveling at the sunken living room. The gray suede couches looked incredibly inviting, but were outshined by the massive television which sat in front of them. The floor was mostly gray marble tile, except for black carpet under the sofas. On the walls, several pieces of black and white abstract art complimented it all nicely. Everything was immaculate, almost as if he were never here, which, come to think of, he wasn’t. Between work, running errands, and spending time at my apartment, he had very little time left for being home. I think he’d avoided bringing me here due to the awkwardness of our first meeting. But since we were officially “a couple”, he’d invited me to watch the movie at his place this time.
“This is amazing,” I whispered, mostly to myself. 
“It’s not a whole lot, but I like it,” he laughed.
“Not a whole lot? This is huge!” I stared at him in disbelief. 
“You’ve been living in your tiny apartment too long.” With a kiss on my forehead, he walked down into the living area, leaving me standing there speechless. He pulled a disc off the coffee table in the middle. 
“Ready to be scared?” he teased in a menacing tone. 
“Yup,” I said, finding my voice and putting on a brave face. I actually scared very easily, but I wasn’t about to admit it.  
“Awesome!” The smile on his face was contagious. “Do you want some popcorn?” 
“Uh, sure. I guess so.” I shrugged my shoulders. 
“You guess so?” He folded his arms in mock judgment. “There is no guessing in this relationship.” 
“It’s just . . . everything is so clean!” I burst out. “I’m afraid to even move because I don’t want to mess it up. Popcorn is messy!” 
“Only if you throw it on the floor,” he laughed, walking back to me. “I’m going to make some. Why don’t you sit down?” He kissed my cheek and walked into the kitchen on the right, also decorated in a lighter shade of gray. A dining area furnished with a matching black dining set, was off to the side, complete with a fantastic view. 
I stood by the elevator for a second longer and then went to the couch. I was feeling anxious. When he’d invited me over, I was excited to see where he lived. Now that I was here, all I could think of was how many other girls had been invited up. It wasn’t that he hadn’t proven himself trustworthy—we’d spent loads of time together and he’d never pushed me too far or asked for something he shouldn’t have. The uneasy feeling in the pit of my stomach wouldn’t go away, though. 
“You okay?” He sat by me, bowl in hand. “You look a little sick.”
“I’m fine,” I said, clearing my throat. “A little nervous over the movie is all.” 
“Aw, are you scared?” The baby voice almost made me find him less attractive. 
“No!” I grabbed a throw pillow and did exactly what its name implied, hitting him in the face. 
“Hey!” He threw it back at me but I ducked, managing to only get tagged in the shoulder. 
I picked it up again to chuck back, but was tackled by a wall of muscle. I vaguely noticed the popcorn on the coffee table, the pillow tossed across the room, before Zeus’s eyes held me captive. 
My back sank slowly into the couch as our combined weight pressed into it. Zeus held himself carefully over me, but every inch of my body was touching his. There was an uncomfortable twisting in my stomach. His eyes said so much, asked for much more than I’d ever been ready for.
Slowly, he took each of my hands in his and raised them above my head. My racing heart joined in the dance the rest of my nerves had started, blocking everything else from my mind. His head lowered, eyes focusing on mine, while his hot breath caressed my face. Goose bumps erupted across my skin and I squirmed under him, trying to free my hands. The grip he had on me tightened, and I gave up, waiting for him to make his move.
His breath continued to warm my skin after he broke eye contact and rubbed his jaw against mine. I gave a shudder of pleasure when he finally, softly licked under my ear and placed a soft kiss there. He blew warm air into my ear and then slowly rubbed his stubble across my lips, scratching them slightly. A moan escaped my throat as his lips found mine, and he released my hands, sliding his down my arms. They continued down my sides, barely grazing the sides of my chest, until they rested on my hips. I pressed myself against him, reveling in the feel of his body against mine. There was something about his abs and V cut that made my brain go fuzzy, giving my hands a mind of their own. All the while, he kissed me like he never would again. Lips smashing into mine, he gripped me tighter and moaned. 
My skin tingled like I was catching fire, hands moving to his chest where they fisted in his shirt. I knew we were getting into dangerous territory, but I couldn’t seem to care at the moment. 
One of his hands slid down my leg, squeezing my thigh. I became acutely aware of the other hand slowly creeping to the button on my pants. One of his fingers slipped inside the top of my jeans. 
“Why don’t we watch the movie now?” I said, breaking the kiss, I pushed him away while I tried to wiggle out from underneath him. The ensuing sensations made the warning bells sound even louder. 
“We don’t have to,” he said, holding me in place, rubbing his jaw along mine again. 
“But I want to,” I said, trying to ward off temptation. My entire body was screaming at me to shut up and let him have his way. 
“You sure?” He finally pulled himself away a little, examining my face. 
“Yeah, I’m sure,” I said, pushing myself out from under him. 
“Okay,” he said, sitting up. “If that’s what you want.” He sounded surprisingly indifferent. 
“It is,” I said strongly. My mind was made up, but my body was marinating in disappointment. 
He got up and put the disc in the player. I shook my head while his back was turned, unable to even look at him. That had been a close one. Relief and dissatisfaction battled inside me. 

I sat wide eyed as the credits started to roll, hugging my knees to my chest. Zeus laughed, one arm around my shoulders. 
“If I’d known it would scare you that bad. . . I would have insisted we watch it anyway,” he chortled. 
“Jerk,” I said, slapping his arm. “I’m going to have nightmares for weeks.” 
“I’ll protect you. Promise.” He pulled me onto his lap and kissed me softly. “I have a sitting area in my room where we can watch the Strip if you want. Maybe it will help you wind down and forget about the movie.” 
I was hesitant to answer, my mind flashing back to our pre-movie activities. The movie had distracted me, but simply sitting on his lap now was making me feel things I shouldn’t. I was curious to see his room, though, so I agreed. 
Taking my hand, he pulled me off the couch and led me over to the silver‑handled double doors on the left side of the room. 
“After you,” he said, opening one of them.
The lights weren’t on, but I could instantly tell everything followed the color scheme of the rest of the house—the glow from the Strip filled the room. There was a large, king size bed in the center of the room, pushed up against the far wall. The comforter was gray, matching the metal rods which twisted together to form the headboard. The black pillows looked absolutely heavenly. Two closed doors, which I thought were probably a closet and bathroom, were on the left wall. The right was a continuation of the giant window. Precisely as he’d said, there were two arm chairs and a small round table set up next to the window, much like his office on the ground floor. 
“What do you think?”
I turned, not realizing I’d walked into the room, leaving him by the door. 
“It’s very nice,” I said truthfully. “It feels . . . relaxing.” I smiled softly. 
“It is.” He pushed himself away from the wall he’d been leaning on. Walking over to me, he grabbed my hand. “And it’s got one heck of a view.” 
We walked to the window and took a seat. I could feel the nervous energy growing in my stomach again. Every sexy thing I’d ever heard of or seen in a movie was running through my mind like a freight train. 
Silence filled the room for a long while as we stared out the window. Zeus seemed perfectly content to sit there all night, but I could hardly stand being this close to a bed with him. 
“I should probably go home,” I finally said, standing up. 
Without saying a word, he stood up and came over to me. Pulling me into his embrace, he placed a gentle kiss against my lips. 
“Why don’t you stay here tonight?” he whispered. 
“I’m a virgin!” I practically shouted, then covered my mouth in horror. Zeus’s eyebrows had risen so far they were in danger of disappearing into his hairline. 
“Sorry!” I said in dismay. “Oh my gosh, I am so sorry. I’m going to go.” Moving to escape his arms, I looked down at the floor in embarrassment.  
“No you don’t,” he said, tightening his grip on me. “Why’d you say that?”
“I’m so sorry,” I said again, my cheeks flaming so brightly I could feel the heat radiating from them. “I don’t know. I thought you wanted to . . . you know . . .” 
“I did.” I flinched at his brutal honesty. 
“I can’t,” I whispered. “I’m so, so sorry, Zeus. I just can’t.” I wanted to, but I couldn’t tell him, not with his bed right next to us. It was too much for me to handle. 
“It’s fine,” he said, surprising me again. “I won’t do anything you’re not ready for.” 
“It’s not that I’m not ready,” I said uncomfortably. “I simply want to wait—until I’m married.” I cringed as I said it, hearing what my parents had said so many times. 
“Okay,” he said. “Why till marriage?”
“Well, as much as I don’t want to be like my parents, that’s what they did. And I can tell it made them stronger as a couple. Don’t get me wrong,” I said hurriedly. “I’m sure there are couples who did it before they were married and they’re just as strong, but this is something I always knew I’d follow my parents’ example in.” I grimaced in embarrassment. This was not the conversation I’d imagined having. 
“Alright. That’s fine. I totally understand.” He nodded his head and smiled at me. “I still think you should stay here tonight, though. We’re both really tired, and I think it would be a bad idea to drive.” 
“I can take a cab,” I interjected. 
“Nope, you’ll sleep here in my bed, and I’ll sleep on the couch.” 
“I can’t take your bed from you!” 
“Sure you can,” he purred. “All you’ll have to do is say the word, and I can come lay with you.” His eyes gleamed as he rubbed his hands down my arms. 
“No thanks,” I squeaked. 
“If you say so,” he chuckled. “Call if you need anything—anything at all.” He kissed me and then winked as he headed back to the living room. 
The door closed quietly behind him, and I turned to his bed. His understanding amazed me. I thought he would try and talk me into it. I mean, we had been dating for a while now. I’d been more shocked he hadn’t tried anything until now. 
How many girls had slept in this bed? I really was tired and knew I couldn’t fight over who got the couch—I would lose. I realized it didn’t matter who else had been in his bed. I was not a one night stand, and it wasn’t like the sheets had never been washed. If Zeus respected me enough to let me do things at my own pace, then I could trust him enough to sleep in his bed. Leaving my clothes on, I climbed in between the covers and slipped into a peaceful slumber.
Fingers ran softly through my hair, and I sighed contentedly as soft kisses were placed on my forehead. It was so warm and comfortable—I didn’t want to move ever again. I’d be content if this dream went on forever.
“I love you, so much,” the velvety voice whispered in my mind. 
A small smile crept onto my face, a reaction to the kisses being placed on my cheeks now. 
“You mean everything to me,” the voice picked up again. Was it Zeus? It must be. “I can’t believe I spent all that time without you, not realizing what I was missing. It’s like I was blind, unable to see what was waiting for me. If I’d known . . . maybe it would’ve been worse, waiting for you.” 
The softest of kisses fell on my lips, like the whispering of angels. 
“I love you, Karly—from now until the end of time.” 
The warmth around me dissipated slightly as I slipped from this dream into the next.


Chapter Thirteen


Seeing Zeus naked was not something I felt adequately prepared for. However, the temptation to walk into the bathroom and get in the shower with him was beating strongly against my brain. I imagined that it would be like . . . seeing the sun for the first time—a total life changing experience. Whatever happened after that was sure to be life altering as well. 
Plucking up what little self control I had left, I slid from his bed and quietly left the room, leaving him there. Naked.
There was a wonderful smell filling the house and I focused on that, using it to distract me from the handsome man in the shower. My nose brought me to the kitchen, where I found French toast keeping warm in the oven. I turned and spotted fruit and syrup on the table, as well as a vase full of fresh flowers.  
Everything looked delicious. I smiled as I poured myself some orange juice and pulled a chair over to the window. Settling into my seat and taking a sip of my drink, I decided to wait for Zeus so I could properly thank him for his hard work. 
The warm morning light washed over me in the silence and I closed my eyes, breathing in the peace of the room and the relief I felt in knowing he wasn’t going to push me to sleep with him. Part of me was still wary, but I felt much better. Remembering last night’s dream helped with my uneasiness. The things he’d said were perfect. Maybe someday he would say them to me for real. Smiling softly, I recalled his soft kisses and the smoothness of his voice. Lightly running my fingers over my mouth, the shadow of his kiss still lingered. Is it possible he actually came in? A warm flush filled my cheeks at the thought. If every day of my life could be like that dream, I'd die a happy woman. 
Suddenly, the elevator doors opened and a woman in a very low cut, dark-purple dress barreled into the room. Her red hair, pinned up elegantly, revealed black gauges in her ears. She was a beautiful person, until you looked into her eyes. All I could see there was hate and anger, directed at me. 
“Well, well, well,” she said, stopping behind the couch, crossing her arms, and frowning at me. “What do we have here? Another little tramp?” 
My mouth popped open at her rudeness. “Excuse me?” 
“Don’t talk to me,” she snapped. “You are nothing. You will never be worth anything.” 
“Who do you think you are?!” My face was flushing and I fought the urge to jump up and throw something at her. 
“Where is Zeus?” she demanded, ignoring my question. 
“No, who are you?” I shot back, rising from my chair. 
“Listen you little slut,” she hissed. “Tell me where my no good ex-husband is or you’ll be sorry!”
I snapped my mouth shut, stung as if I’d been slapped in the face, and pointed to the bedroom. Without a word, she turned and threw the doors open, storming through them. 
“What the?” I heard Zeus yell as the bathroom door burst open. 
“Honey, I’m home!” the woman sneered. “Miss me?” 
“What are you doing here?” Zeus growled. 
I quietly crossed the room to listen better.
“What, you’re not happy to see me?” I could hear the pout in her voice. 
“If it were up to me you’d be hanging off a cliff somewhere,” he shot back. 
“That’s too bad. I wouldn’t be able to tell you the message Kronos sent.” 
I gasped. If she was working with his uncle then she must be nuts. 
“He proposes a bargain,” she began again. 
“I don’t do bargains,” he snapped. “If he wants to take what I have, he’ll have to do it over my dead body!” The shower door slammed shut and I flinched at the sound. 
“That can be arranged, honey,” she hissed. 
“Leave, now,” he demanded. “You have no right to be here.” 
“That’s a pretty one out there. What number is she? Three thousand?” She jeered 
“You leave Karly out of this!” 
“Oh, it has a name. How cute! You must like her more than all your other whores.” 
“Leave!” he bellowed. 
I flinched at a crashing sound, like a vase thrown against the wall, and the woman stormed back into the room. She stopped to glare at me, opening her mouth to speak, when Zeus emerged from his room with only pants on, his hair dripping wet. 
“I said leave.” His voice was dangerously low, sending chills down my arms. I hoped I wasn’t about to see what happened if she didn’t listen. 
She turned her glare on him for a moment and then turned back to me. With a huff, she got on the elevator and left.
“You were married?” I demanded as soon as the doors shut. 
“Damn it,” he sighed, closing his eyes and massaging the bridge of his nose. “You weren’t supposed to find out like that.” 
“Was I supposed to find out at all?” My fingernails were biting into my palms, but the revelation hurt more than anything. 
“Of course you were. I was just waiting for the right moment,” he said, exasperated. 
“I think the right moment should have been around the first time we went out!” I said in dismay. “How could you not tell me something like that?” 
“I don’t love her,” he argued back, taking a step toward me. “I never did. She’s crazy—you saw for yourself!” 
“It doesn’t matter! You still didn’t tell me about her! If it wasn’t that big of a deal, why did you keep it from me?” 
“It’s complicated,” he yelled. “I didn’t want you to leave me over something like this! That’s why I didn’t tell you!” 
“Stop yelling at me!” I shouted back. 
“I can’t do this,” he growled. “She’s gotten me all riled up, and I can’t talk now.” He turned and went back into his room, closing the door behind him. 
Scowling and trying to push down the tears forming, I pushed the button for the elevator and left, not knowing exactly what had happened. 
Once out of the private room, which hid the way to his home, I headed to a restaurant next to the casino. I wasn’t hungry any more, but for the first time since I’d arrived in Vegas, I wanted a drink. Unfortunately, the shop hadn’t opened yet, and all the bars were still closed. 
I sat down at one of the tables outside the dark eatery. If Zeus had told me from the beginning he’d been married, I would’ve been fine with that. I’d be fine now if he’d talked to me about it, instead of yelling. A small part of me whispered I had possibly overreacted also. 
“Karly, right?” I groaned silently as I recognized the voice of the red-haired woman. 
“Can I help you?” I said in my most polite voice, looking over my shoulder at her. 
“No, but I can help you.” She passed by and settled into the seat across from me. 
I really didn’t want to talk to her, but I didn’t think she’d leave until she said her piece. 
“He doesn’t really want you,” she started. “He says he loves you, buys you things, and makes you feel like you’re in heaven. It’s all a lie. You’ll get dropped as soon as you put out. I should know. I was married to him for years. He cheated on me. A lot. I never left him. I thought we were supposed to be together forever. Until he left me! After all the time I’d spent devoted to him, he left me in the dust.” 
The warning lights were going off in my head, indicating she wasn’t sharing the whole story. 
“What’s your name?” I said cautiously. 
“Hera.” She smiled at me. 
“Right.” I balled my hands into fists and stood up. “I’m not stupid. You think because his name is Zeus, you can tell me your name is Hera? And you expect me to believe that? You really are crazy.” 
“Don’t call me that!” she hissed, the she-devil display from the penthouse returning. 
“For your information, Zeus has never told me he loves me. He doesn’t shower me with gifts, and he’s never pushed me to sleep with him,” I spat back. “And I have a hard time believing you had nothing to do with your divorce, especially if you’re in league with his uncle. Why don’t you do us both a favor and get lost?” 
I turned and stormed away, adrenaline rushing through my veins. I hadn’t spoken to her for more than three minutes and already I knew she was manipulative beyond belief. Clearly, she hadn’t thought this attack through. What were the odds Zeus had actually been married to someone named Hera? It sounded like a bad joke parents would play on kids they’d forced into an arranged marriage.
When I walked out the doors of the resort and onto the Strip, dark clouds hovered in the sky, the smell of rain heavy in the air. I flagged down a cab and, climbing into the backseat, gave him directions then rested my head in my hands. 
I should have gone back to Zeus, I knew that. We needed to talk, but he’d seemed so upset and said he couldn’t talk about it. Maybe if I let him come to me, we could make things right again. All I knew was I didn’t want our relationship to be over. Hopefully, he felt the same way. 
All too soon, the cab pulled into my complex, and I slowly got out, thanking the driver as I paid him. Lost in my own bubble of tumultuous thoughts, I ascended the stairs and headed in the direction of my door.  
“Zeus?” 
Sitting with his back rested against the door, knees up, head in his hands, he looked up when I said his name. 
“Karly!” He jumped to his feet and closed the distance between us in a few steps, pulling me into a crushing embrace when he reached me. 
“I’m so sorry,” he murmured into my hair. “I should have told you. I should have talked to you about it right then. I don’t know what came over me. I tried to catch you before you left, but I didn’t know where you’d gone. I knew you’d be coming back here.” His voice was soft, but fast—like he was worried I would cut him off. He pulled back to look at me, his eyes searching mine. I’d never seen him so sad and hurt before. 
“Please say you’ll forgive me,” he whispered.
“Of course I do,” I laughed sheepishly. “We just need to talk about this, that’s all. You said you wanted to be alone so I left.” 
“I was stupid, I know,” he said humbly. 
“Not as stupid as that woman,” I grumbled. “Let’s go inside.”


Chapter Fourteen


Relief filled me as we sat on the couch. It was good to know that—so far—our relationship was going to be okay. 
“That stuff she said, Karly,” he began. 
“It’s alright, Zeus,” I sighed. “You were with other girls before me. I already knew that.” 
“No, it’s not.” Anger passed over his face. “The things she called you . . . You never should have had to listen to it.” 
“You should have heard what she told me downstairs.” 
“What? She cornered you downstairs too?” 
“Not really. She just showed up and started talking to me—told me her name was Hera. Can you believe that? I think she was trying to mess with me. Anyway, she pretty much tried to convince me she was the perfect wife and all you ever did was cheat on her until you left. I didn’t believe her, though.” 
“Great.” He sighed, running a hand through his hair. “I’m sorry I have to tell you everything this way. I should have done it in the beginning.” 
“You’re telling me now, and that’s what counts.” I slid my hand into his and squeezed, giving him a reassuring smile. 
“She wasn’t the perfect wife,” he said, dropping his gaze to the ground. “She was hardly a wife at all. But what she said about me was true. I did nothing but cheat on her. I don’t even know how many girls there were.” He grimaced and held onto my hand tighter, like he was afraid I was going to run away. “I’ve never cheated on you, though.” He looked up from the piece of carpet he’d been riveted on. “This is the longest I’ve ever gone without sleeping with someone. I don’t want to be with anyone else. I did leave her, but she was in no way innocent. I know it was wrong to cheat on her, but she would do horrible things to the women I’d been with. I tried to let it pass because I felt guilty, like she deserved to be mean to them because I was so awful. She claimed I had ruined her life so she was going to ruin mine. I finally realized she was crazy, and I needed to get out. I called it quits.” 
“I understand,” I said softly. They had both been in the wrong, and it ended their marriage. Zeus was evidently the only one who’d let it go and moved on, though. While this new information made me nervous about any future we could have, I also knew what a trial it must have been for him to share this with me. I’d never heard of a man confessing his greatest faults and mistakes to a woman he only wanted to sleep with—not in real life anyway. He’d also never pushed me, and I appreciated that. If offering my understanding in this situation was what it took to show him how much I appreciated that, then I would do it.  
“So now she’s working with your uncle?”
“It looks that way. She would have gone to him for revenge, that’s the kind of person she is.” He released my hand and put his arm around my shoulders, pulling me closer. 
“Do you have any other secrets I need to know?” I asked quietly, dreading all the possible answers he could give me. If we were going to be confessing things it would be better to get everything out now. 
Zeus opened his mouth and then closed it again, unsure of what to say. He seemed to be having a battle within himself as he tried to decide if he had anything to confess. 
“No,” he finally breathed out. 
“Are you sure? It looked like you had something else to say,” I probed. I believed what he told me before, but I was sure there was something else he was keeping from me. 
“I’m sure,” he sighed. “Except I do have one more secret I just remembered.” He smiled wide, eyes shining. 
“What’s that?” I asked, a little shocked over his sudden mood change. 
“I went back to the costume shop and bought the bunny costume for you.” His grin turned wolfish and lustful as I slapped him on the arm. 
“I’m not wearing that!” 

Halloween fell on a Sunday. It felt like everyone in the city was at Tartarus for the costume party. Zeus had really outdone himself. The transformation of the entire resort into a carnival paradise was incredible. There were stands selling funnel cake and cotton candy that smelled like heaven, people shouting at stalls housing impossible-to-win games, face painters transforming people right before our eyes, costume rentals, anything you could think of at a fair. A blanket of twinkling lights covered the ceilings while multi-colored banners hung on the walls declaring everyone should “Celebrate”. 
The casino was the only exception to the exuberant decorations. True to his word, Zeus had made sure it resembled the underworld. Mount Olympus became a giant mountain of bones, some of them whole skeletons reaching out, as if begging for release. Fiery banners danced on the wall, shimmering. Dark drapes lined the roof, giving the whole place a feeling of gloom. 
Zeus had explained that in Greece, Apokries wasn’t a holiday meant to scare people. It was more like Mardi Gras. Being in Vegas, though, he’d added the creepy element in the casino to make it feel more like Halloween. I liked the extra touch, even if the skeletons did freak me out a little.
We entered the conference center where the party was getting underway. It was decorated like the rest of the resort, games and all. The only exceptions were a huge dessert table covered in every sweet imaginable, and a live band everyone in the room was dancing to. 
Zeus’s costume was going over gangbusters, just like I knew it would. He had completed the white robe and sandals with Styrofoam lightning bolts he pretended to throw at people. Every now and then, I would pretend to cast a spell to stop him from tossing them around, but only for him. I was too embarrassed to do it in front of everyone.
I’d invited Jessie, Jenny, and Julie to come, feeling bad I hadn’t spent much time with them. When they showed up as the Fates, dressed in long black robes, I almost died from laughing. It was a perfect fit for them, and it went well with the resort’s main theme. 
About halfway through the party, Zeus and I left to be in the last parade of the season. There had been several others throughout the week, but this one was the biggest of the celebration and wound through the ground floor, wrapping around the outside of the hotel and ending in the back lot. There were many families there, and I had a great time throwing out candy. Our float was the very last and largest of the show. We waved at people from a large, cloud covered Mount Olympus. Zeus played his role as King of the Gods very well, and I had so much fun that before I knew it, it was over. We reached the disbanding area and Zeus and I decided to skip out on the rest of the party for a late dinner at his place.
“It was fantastic,” I said, setting the table while he heated up some leftovers. 
“I’m really happy with how it turned out,” he said. “I think we got a lot of new customers out of it too.” 
“Oh yeah,” I grinned. “I always forget you make money off this stuff.” 
“That’s because my girlfriend gets in for free,” he said, setting the pizza on the table. He grabbed my waist, pulled my back up against him, and kissed my neck. “You look absolutely bewitching tonight,” he laughed. 
“You’ve got to stop with the puns,” I said, pulling my pointed hat off. 
“No way—you like them. I can tell.” He kissed me again and ran one hand along my skirt, onto my stripped stockings. Suddenly, he spun me around and crushed his mouth to mine. I savored everything about him—the musky way he smelled, the feel of his mouth on mine, and how he tasted like cookies from the party. I rested my hands on his chest and melted into his embrace. 
“Do you trust me?” he whispered softly.
“Uh-huh,” I mumbled. 
Very carefully, he slid the fabric off one of my shoulders, his lips softly caressing the skin there and then gently nipping with his teeth. My knees were starting to give out when the phone rang. We both murmured complaints as he released me to answer it. 
“Hello?” he growled. “You did? Where?” His tone changed suddenly, and excitement covered his face. It fell when whoever was on the phone answered his questions. “I see. Thank you for telling me right away. I’ll plan a couple meetings and let you know.” He clicked the phone off and put it back on the receiver. Sighing, he turned to the window. 
“What’s the matter?” I asked, coming up behind him. I placed a gentle kiss on his shoulder blade and wrapped my arms around his waist, resting my head on his back. 
“They found Niki.” Something was wrong, he wasn’t as happy as he should be.
“Is she okay?”
“We don’t know. She’s with Kronos.” He continued to gaze out the window, his voice soft. 
“Is there anything anyone can do about it? The police?” My heart beat faster. I hoped I would never meet the man causing so much strife. 
“I’m working on it. I’ll have a couple meetings and see what we can come up with. It’s all that can be done now.” 
“Alright.” I stood with him for a while longer, worried over his silence. Finally, feeling he needed to be alone, I spoke up again. 
“I’m going to go home. I’m tired,” I lied. “I can take a cab so you don’t have to leave.” 
“No it’s fine,” he said, turning around as I released him. “I can drive you home. It’ll help clear my head.” 
“If you’re sure,” I said hesitantly. 
“I’m sure.” 
“Thank you,” I said softly, grabbing my hat and taking his hand. 
Only the sound of tires on pavement accompanied us on our drive. I was worried about him, but I knew there was nothing I could do to help, and I hated it. 
“I’ll call you when I know more,” he said when I got out of the car. 
“Let me know if you need anything, okay?” I hated to leave him with this weight on his shoulders. It was better to let him sort it out, though. If he needed help he would call, I was sure of it. 
“I’ll call,” he said again. 
He waited for me to enter the apartment before driving away. 


Chapter Fifteen


School would be finishing soon with the semester ending shortly after Thanksgiving. While I waited for Zeus to call, I dove into my work. I had a couple of essays to write, plus the art show to get ready for. I’d finished my painting weeks ago and submitted it for review. I was really pleased with how it turned out, especially with Zeus and Jessie’s suggestion to add lightning to it. I loved the way it lit up the mountains and contrasted the dry desert sand in the foreground. 
I was excited when I found out my work had been accepted and called home to tell my parents. I also told them I was bringing someone home for Thanksgiving. They couldn’t stop asking questions about him. In the end, I told them they would just have to get to know him while he was there. 
Zeus was always in meetings, some having to do with the casino, some to do with Niki. I was worried about him. I didn’t understand why the police weren’t doing anything about the whole situation. 
The first day, I only received one text. 
Nothing yet. Z.
After that, we fell into a pattern of messages, about three a day. 
Any news yet? Karly
Nope nothing. Z. 
Okay, let me know  Karly
After a week and a half of text messages, he finally showed up at my door. I was shocked at his appearance. He hadn’t shaved in a couple of days and there were slight bags under his eyes, suggesting he hadn’t been sleeping well. His suit was a little rumpled, probably from sitting through meetings all day. 
“Are you okay?” I asked in shock. 
“I’m really tired, that’s all. It’s been a long day . . . week.”
I stepped aside and let him in. Letting out a long sigh, he drug his feet across the threshold, shoulders slumped, a defeat mirrored in his eyes. He practically fell onto the couch and let out a deep sigh, laying on his back. 
“Is there any news?” I asked tentatively. 
“Not really.” He sounded defeated. “I’ve been trying to figure out the safest way to get Niki back, but nothing’s working out. Even if I give up Tartarus, I don’t think he’ll release her.” 
“And the cops can’t do anything?” I was starting to doubt he’d even called them. 
“They don’t know where he is, only that she’s with him,” he said, exasperatedly. “My family is the best option for help, and I can’t talk to any of them unless they contact me first.”
“Why not?” I asked in surprise. 
“We aren’t on the best of terms.” He frowned as he said it, the exhaustion growing in his eyes. 
“What happened?” 
“It’s not a big deal, just a disagreement about my marriage. At least that’s what it was for me. Apparently it was a much bigger deal to everyone else.” 
I wanted to press him further, but I could tell he wasn’t going to say much more on the matter. 
“I don’t know what to do!” He suddenly burst out. “Niki was my good luck charm, my best friend. Whenever she was around I couldn’t make a wrong decision. I could talk things through with her, and she would understand completely. The best part was there was never any attraction between us. She was like one of the boys. Now she’s been taken and it’s all my fault. If she hadn’t been coming to see me, she’d probably be home right now, absolutely fine.” 
“It’s not your fault,” I said softly, moving from the door and sitting on the floor next to the couch. I placed a hand on his arm. “Your uncle is the one doing all of this. None of it’s your fault.” 
“It’s entirely my fault,” he said mournfully. 
“Why don’t we talk about something else?” I’d never seen him act like this before and it scared me. The situation was really messing with him—getting into his head—and I didn’t know how to help. 
“Thanksgiving is next week,” I added, trying to be cheerful. “We’re going to get away from all of this for a little while and have some fun, okay?” 
“You have no idea how wonderful that sounds,” he breathed. “I can’t wait.” 
“Me neither.” I smiled and stood up. “I think ice cream is in order. Wanna watch some more Hercules?” 
“Sure,” he laughed weakly, sitting up. “I’ll welcome any distractions right now.” 
“Well, we need to plan our trip, if you want to do that too.” I walked into the kitchen by myself, leaving him to set up the television.
“Great, let’s get it done,” he said with mock enthusiasm. 
“I already called and told them you were coming,” I laughed as I pulled the carton from the freezer. 
“How’d it go?” His face was brightening a little, which was good. 
“As well as I hoped for, I guess. They had a lot of questions, but I told them to chill out.” 
“So you’re going to make me suffer the interrogation alone.” I loved how he didn’t phrase it as a question. 
“You got it,” I said, winking. “They’ll be much more polite to you—I hope.” 
“You hope? That’s comforting. It makes me overcome with joy to meet them,” he laughed, standing up. 
“I’m sure they’ll love you once they get to know you,” I said, dishing our treats. 
“Ouch. I didn’t know I was one of those people.” He pulled out the disc we were on and put it in the player. 
“One of what people?” 
“One of the ‘once you get to know them’ people. You know, the kind everyone hates but they get over it eventually.” He raised his eyebrows and folded his arms. 
“Stop making fun of me,” I laughed, bringing the ice cream to the couch. “You know what I meant!” 
“Did you mean I’m so fantastic you can’t find the words to describe me?” 
“Something like that.” I handed him his bowl and we sat down together. 
“Good, because I have no idea what else you could have meant.” He took a big bite and smiled wolfishly. 
“Dork!” I laughed and kissed his cheek, happy at the mood change. I was still uneasy over everything he was going through. It was like everything my parents had warned me about—kidnapping, blackmail, pretty much everything—was actually happening in his life, and mine by extension.


Chapter Sixteen


“Come on Eileen . . . sing with me, Karly!” 
We were on the way to my parent’s house, and Zeus had been singing the whole time. He had downloaded at least six hours worth of road trip music and insisted on doing his best impressions of each singer—which wasn’t saying much since every time he opened his mouth he sounded like a dying cat. Among the songs already played were 500 Miles and Route 66. I had gladly blared the music, trying to drown out his screeching, but I didn’t know how much more I could take. 
“Shoot. My phone is going to die. I knew I should’ve burned all of these onto discs,” he said as the song ended. 
“That’s fine!” I shot my hand out and turned the sound system off. My grip on the steering wheel relaxed as sweet silence filled my ears. 
“We’re about halfway there, right?” He drummed his fingers on the dash and started humming to himself.
“Yeah,” I said, searching for something to talk about so he would stop. 
“So my parents,” I started, finally landing on a relevant topic, “they’re a little conservative.” 
“Is that bad?” he laughed. 
“Not really,” I said uncomfortably. “I wanted to warn you, that’s all.” 
“Why would I need warning?” 
“Because I worry they’ll pull you aside and try to have a talk with you about stuff—my dad especially.” 
“Ah,” he said with understanding. “Don’t worry about it. They should make sure I’m treating you right. That’s their job, to make sure their little girl is taken care of.” He smiled at me, the full force of his affection slamming into me with that one look. 
“Is there anything else I need to know about them?” he asked when I didn’t say anything else. 
“Um, I’d call them Mr. and Mrs. Rawlins, or just Sir for my dad. They find that respectable. Also, I didn’t tell them you own a casino. You get to do that. If you have any educational background, pump that up. Pretty much, be polite as possible and pray they like you.” I laughed as I realized how harshly I was painting my parents. 
“They really are nice people,” I reassured. “They’re definitely set in their ways, that’s all.” 
“Don’t worry,” he said, taking one of my hands. “I’ll be on my best behavior.”
We stopped at a gas station so I could take a little break. Zeus offered to drive, but I thought having something to do the whole time might calm my nerves. When I came back out to the car, he was standing in front of it, holding a cord. He looked like a kid in a candy store. 
“What’s that?” I asked, laughing. 
“It’s the car charger for my phone! I remembered I packed it in my suitcase!” 
“Awesome . . .” I got back in the car and was soon being serenaded again. 

“So, what’s the story that goes along with this pumpkin patch?” Zeus gently intertwined his fingers with mine, pulling me down the row of gourds at the local farm. 
“What do you mean?” I laughed, tucking a piece of hair behind my ear. 
“You keep smiling to yourself and staring at everything way too long.” Mock seriousness crossed his face before being shut out by his enormous grin. 
“It’s nothing,” I giggled, stopping to examine the produce in front of me. “I worked the haunted corn maze here one year. We scared lots of people—one girl so bad that she wet herself. I led her out of the maze, but she kept crying that I was going to take her somewhere to be scared again. I felt so bad! It feels even worse when I think back on it, because I still think that it was funny.” 
Zeus pulled his hand from mine, horror etched into every inch of his expression. 
“You scared people? For fun?!” His mocking tone was awarded a snort and my best exaggerated eye roll. 
“Ha ha, very funny. Yes, I was a horrible person.” 
“No—it’s not that—I can’t believe that anyone would hire sweet, innocent, loving Karly to scare the pants off of people. That was a risky investment right there.” Zeus’s laughter filled the air as heat filled my cheeks. 
“Jerk!” 
Swatting his arm—and almost tripping over the vines around me—I spotted the perfect pumpkins. 
“Alright, calm down. I found the ones I want!” 
Zeus finally calmed down to a chuckle in time to help me gather my purchases. 
“Let’s get going, already. I’m ready to meet your folks!” His warm smile washed over me and my skin prickled in delight. 
Maybe this wasn’t such a bad idea after all. 

We pulled into town with the two pumpkins we had picked up to surprise my mother. It felt nice to be home, which was odd after all of the times I wished I’d never see it again. 
“See that little book store?” I asked, pointing out my window. “I worked there one summer. It was lots of fun spending all that time surrounded by books. On slow days, I would sit by the front window and paint.” 
I smiled at the familiar hometown stores, remembering things that happened there. 
“The grocery store we just passed,” I said again, “one of my friends worked there during high school. The power went out when I was there once, and she screamed like she was about to be murdered. At first I thought she was doing it to be funny. Turns out, she really was scared.” I giggled, remembering that night. The friend moved away after graduation and we didn’t talk any more. I hoped she was enjoying life, wherever she was. 
“That’s where I went my first two years of college,” I said as we drove by the GBC campus. “The high school is down another street.” 
I finally turned down a side road and could see my parent’s house. It looked the same as it always had; green grass, red-brick walls, white-trimmed roof and windows. The front door was white as well. It was a cute little house, comfortable for our family. 
I pulled the car up to the curb and shut it off. Thankfully, Zeus had ceased his singing when we got into town so all was quiet. 
“Ready?” I asked, nervously. 
“I am.” He smiled. 
We got out of the car and he grabbed our two bags out of the back while I got the pumpkins. The front door burst open as we walked up the sidewalk dividing the lawn in half, and my mother came running out. Her slacks and a long-sleeve, white blouse, were covered by a pink apron. She’d probably been baking in preparation for tomorrow’s feast. 
“Karly! John, Karly’s home!” She gave me a bear hug when she reached me, despite the two large gourds I held. 
“Hi, Mom,” I said, laughing.  
“And who is this?” she said, turning to Zeus. 
“Zeus Drakos, Mrs. Rawlins.” He put one bag on the ground and shook her hand. “It’s nice to meet you.”
“And very nice to meet you!” My mother gave me a look much like the one she wore when reading a particularly good romance novel. 
“Hey kiddo!” Dad stood in the doorway looking the same as usual—slightly graying, short, brown hair, jeans, and a work shirt. His typical appraising eyes made me feel like he had Zeus under a microscope. I walked up to him—my mother and Zeus behind me—and gave him an awkward hug. 
“Hi Daddy,” I said, smiling. 
“Zeus, is it?” Dad said, reaching out to shake hands as well, all the while studying Zeus’s face. 
“Yes, sir.” Zeus appeared confident, but I was positive he would be having a private talk with my father later. 
“Come on in, make yourself comfortable,” Dad said cooly. 
“How was the drive?” asked Mom. 
It really was nice to be home.

Chapter Seventeen


 I got up early the next morning to help Mom cook, as was tradition. For as long as I could remember, we made pies first—the day before and the morning of—then prepared the turkey and put it in the oven, worked on all of the dips for crackers and vegetables, and finished with the non-pie desserts. It was a lot of work, but definitely worth it. Throughout the day, extended family members would show up and help, women for the most part. 
I left my old room and tiptoed down the hall, passing the door to Zeus’s. Thankfully, he hadn’t made any jokes about sleeping in the same bed last night. It was weird to have him sleeping down the hall in my parent’s house. So far they seemed to like him well enough, but they hadn’t really talked much. 
We arrived in time for dinner the day before. There wasn’t a whole lot of conversation at the table. Mom was a good cook—people usually preferred stuffing their faces over talking. 
I could tell from Dad’s face he wanted to give Zeus “the talk.” I wasn’t exactly sure what it entailed, but every boy who’d ever taken me out had received it. A lot of them never asked me out again. They usually came out of “the talk” looking a little sick. I didn’t know if Dad was threatening them or grossing them out with personal things about me, like potty training stories. 
Mom, on the other hand, looked like she was about to burst from all the things she wanted to say. It wasn’t her style to interrupt dinner, though, so she’d remained silent. Cleaning up afterward had kept her from chatting as well, and even with our offer to help, she’d refused. He tried to help her anyway but got chased out with a soapy spatula. I already knew better.
I smiled at the feel of the shag carpet under my feet. I didn’t think I’d missed home at all, but now that I was here, I realized I had been homesick. Everything looked older because, frankly, the house was older. The avocado green carpet matched the brown wood paneling on the walls, but it felt warm and cozy. All the furniture was a matching floral orange and the kitchen had decorative plates hanging on the walls. I didn’t think much had changed since they bought it in the late seventies, but I still loved it. 
The smell of fresh pies beckoned me to the kitchen. Early as it was, Mom had definitely already been up and working. I made my way through the living and dining rooms and past the open kitchen door. The tile felt cool on my feet, but the air was hot. 
Mom had donned her apron again, over her jeans and special Thanksgiving sweater she wore every year. The sleeves were rolled up past her elbow, her arms covered in flour. She paused in her task of rolling out pie crust. Using her elbow, she tried to brush a light-brown strand of hair out of her face. She had pulled it back into a low ponytail, but it her work was making it come undone. I smiled as I stood just inside the door, listening to her hum as she worked. 
Like Dad, she hadn’t wanted me to move. After my first visit to the Strip, I understood what they were afraid of. Zeus was right; they had only been trying to take care of me. Mom had given her permission for me to go first. I’d talked with her about it a little and she, in turn, helped Dad come around to the idea. 
As I thought about Zeus’s uncle, and what a horrible man he seemed to be, gratitude for my loving parents filled my heart. 
“Morning Mom,” I said, announcing my presence. 
She jumped, dropping her rolling pin and spinning around. I laughed at the shocked look that was peeking out from under the flour on her face. 
“Karly, you startled me! I’m not used to having people up and about yet, anymore.” 
“Sorry,” I said, still laughing. 
“What’s so funny?” She was so clueless sometimes. 
“Mom, there’s flour all over your face.” 
“Oh dear!” she laughed, bending over to see herself in the shiny, silver mixing bowl. She grabbed a relatively clean corner of her apron and wiped her face. “Is my makeup still good? I want to look nice for the handsome young man you brought home with you.” She winked at me and I blushed. 
“You look fine, Mom. Promise.” I walked over and gave her a kiss on the cheek. “Do you mind if I have some cereal before I start helping?” 
“That’s fine, sweetie. Clean bowls are in the dishwasher.” With that, she picked up her rolling pin and went back to work while I grabbed a clean bowl and spoon and poured myself some food. 
As I leaned against the counter across the room from her and ate, there was nothing but the sound of the rolling pin. It was nice—almost therapeutic—watching her work. She had already finished several crusts and laid them in their pans so she would have room for the batch she was working on now.
After I finished, I rinsed my dishes and washed my hands. My apron, a perfect match to my mother’s, was folded in its customary place in one of the kitchen drawers. I slipped it over my head and tied it in the back. 
“What do you want me to start working on?” It was best to let the master run things. I couldn’t even imagine a future where I was as good at running holiday affairs as she was. 
“Why don’t you prepare the pumpkins you brought?” she suggested. “Put all the seeds in a bowl and then you can stick them in the oven—it’s already on. They should make really nice pies.” 
Even though pumpkin pie was my favorite, I loathed making it completely from scratch. I obediently got a carving knife out of a drawer and began cutting the pumpkins in half. 
“So, tell me more about Zeus,” she said, huffing over her exuberant rolling. 
“What do you want to know?”
“How did you two meet?” She lifted her eyes and smiled at me, still rolling while she waited for my answer. 
“Uh . . .” I didn’t know if she would appreciate the fact we met in a club. She was bound to find out the truth eventually, though. 
“We met at a club in one of the resorts on the Strip.” Zeus could tell my dad about how we met. He was strong enough to fend for himself. 
“A club? I thought you didn’t go to those things.” She looked concerned, but not angry. That was good. 
“I don’t very often. My roommates took me out to see the city and all of the shows. It was fun, but we didn’t stay out long.” 
“Why is that?” 
“It wasn’t my scene,” I fibbed, dropping a spoonful of seeds into the bowl. 
“But that’s where you met Zeus,” she continued. 
“Yeah, we danced together for a little bit.” 
“Was it your first date?” She was smiling again, having moved on to the next step in the pie process: laying the crust into the pan. 
“No, we went out to dinner and a fancy art exhibit for our first date.” I grinned, remembering how my opinion of Zeus had altered that night. 
“That’s nice,” she said, distracted as she trimmed the crust and began to crimp it. “Why didn’t you tell me about him during our phone calls?” 
“I didn’t know if it was going anywhere. It seemed pointless to tell you about every date I went on,” I laughed. 
Her face remained serious as she took a deep breath. 
“Do you two sleep together?” she blurted out. 
“Oh my gosh, Mom,” I groaned. “Really?” 
“Yes, really! This is something I need to know!” She put the crust pie filling down and placed her hands on her hips. 
“No it’s not, not really,” I argued. “But, to make you feel better, no. We don’t sleep together.” 
She went back to work without saying anything. After a moment she turned to me again. 
“Good for you. He’s a very attractive man, and you are a beautiful woman. Thank you for being strong.” 
“You’re welcome,” I said sarcastically, mostly to myself.
“Morning ladies,” Dad said from behind us. “It smells marvelous in here!” 
“It’s all Mom so far,” I said, turning to look at him. He was wearing his jeans and a football jersey. His folded sweater was hanging over one arm. 
“Where’s your beau?” he asked. “I want to take him for a walk this morning.” Mom shot a knowing glance my way, and I stifled a giggle. 
“I think he’s still in his room, Daddy.” 
“For Pete’s sake, John. At least let the boy eat before you scare him away,” Mom yelled after him as he left the room. 
“Walking on an empty stomach is good for ya!” he called back. 
I shook my head. They hadn’t changed one bit. It was like I’d been away for the weekend, not almost a whole semester.
I could hear my dad talking as I began the messy work of deseeding the first pumpkin. The stringy, seed goop worked its way up my arm as I struggled in vain to hear what he was saying, and I could only hear the mumble of Zeus’s answer. Mom’s laughter filled the room at the sight of me—seeds fell to the floor, and sticky sludge was on my cheek from where I wiped a strand of hair from my face. I loved her joyous face—I guess that is why I do this year after year. I smiled back at mom as the front door opened and then closed leaving the rest of the house quiet again. 
“He’ll be fine,” Mom said reassuringly, and I suddenly wasn’t worried at all. 
“I know he will be,” I said surprisingly confident. Zeus had the smooth talking skills of a politician. Dad would be completely on his side in no time at all. 
I finished my work, placing the clean, cut pieces face down on a cookie sheet and slipping them in the hot oven along with a couple of mom’s pies. She’d already moved on to making stuffing while I started cleaning up my mess, but had left a clean mixing bowl for me to finish my pies.
A couple years back she upgraded to double ovens in the kitchen. It was the only thing I could remember her purposely changing. It made holidays like today easier. While pies baked in one, the turkey would cook in another. 
My first task done and waiting for the second step of actually making the pies, I moved on to the next tradition. While Mom made stuffing, I pulled the bagged organs out of the bird and got it completely ready to go. We worked in comfortable silence. I enjoyed the peaceful feeling of it all. 
By the time the turkey and pumpkin pies were finished and in the oven, the first family members walked through the door. I was hoping it was Zeus and Dad, but they were still out somewhere, talking about who knows what. 
“Good to see you Karly!” my Aunt Violet said as she walked into the kitchen, placing her contribution of crackers and dip on the table. “You too, Mary!” Mom stopped working to hug her sister, welcoming and thanking her for coming over.
“What do you need help with?” Aunt Violet started rolling her sleeves up, prepared to dive right into the work. I chuckled as I caught sight of her shirt with a turkey holding a sign that read, “Eat more chicken!” Her pilgrim hat earrings swung back and forth, peeking out from her half‑pulled‑up, black hair as she walked over to the counter. We really got into the festivities around here. 
“Actually, we’re running a little bit ahead of schedule,” Mom laughed. “I was thinking we could take a break and watch the rest of the parade on the television. I love seeing Santa come at the very end!”
Mom was way into Christmas. I was grown-up, yet she still left baking soda and glitter footprints in front of the fireplace, claiming Saint Nick had left them. I briefly entertained a vision of Zeus here, opening presents and sipping hot chocolate while listening to festive music. By the time I was done fantasizing, I’d decided to invite him for Christmas too. 
“By the way,” Violet said as we headed for the living room, closing the kitchen door behind us, “I saw John out walking on our way here. Who was that young man with him?” Her voice sounded innocent enough, but the gleam in her eyes told me she found him very attractive. 
“Hey guys,” her husband, Jeremy, said as he entered the house, herding their small children and preventing us from answering. There were several years between Mom and Violet. Jeremy and she had a hard time getting pregnant during their first years of marriage, but that had all changed eventually, and now they had three beautiful boys who were some of the most skilled destroyers I’d ever seen. They could turn the house upside down in two minutes flat and refuse to help clean anything. Usually, it took several hours to put right all the messes they made. It was getting better as they got older and learned to listen to their parents. 
Uncle Jeremy was wearing jeans and a jersey, as were his boys. Their black hair looked like it hadn’t been combed yet. I could tell from the names on their shirts they were cheering for a different team than Dad’s. That should make for an interesting football game.
“Go play outside!” He waved them all to the backyard and sat down on the love seat, pulling Violet down next to him.
 “How are they?” I asked, in reference to the boys, settling onto the couch with mom. 
“Josh has started second grade,” Violet said proudly. “He’s doing very well. Henry is in first grade and wants to join the youth soccer league. Zack started school this year and got the same teacher the other boys had. She said she feels like she keeps getting the same boy year after year, they all look so alike!” She shared a laugh with her husband, ignoring the yelling coming from the backyard. “They’re a bit of a handful,” she admitted. “But we love them. Our family wouldn’t be complete without them!” 
While her sister had been talking, Mom turned the television on and found the parade. Soon we were all making comments on the giant balloons, marching bands, and musical acts. 
The door opened and Dad and Zeus walked in, laughing. The knot I didn’t know had formed in my stomach loosened. I smiled widely.
“Good morning!” I said cheerfully, ignoring Aunt Violet’s questioning face. 
“To you as well!” Zeus beamed, walking over to me and giving me a quick peck on the lips. Violet’s eyes almost bugged out of her head. 
“Are you hungry, boy?” Dad said, clapping a hand onto his shoulder. 
“Famished actually,” Zeus laughed. “I usually don’t go so long without eating after I exercise.” 
“Yeah,” Dad said, talking to the whole room. “I thought I’d have to wake this guy up to go for a walk with me. He was doing pushups when I opened the door!” He laughed again, obvious admiration in his eyes. 
I’d been sure Zeus could win him over, but I didn’t know how he’d do it. Somehow he had, and I intended to finally find out what “the talk” really was. 
“Let’s get some food in ya,” Dad said, pushing him towards the kitchen. 
Zeus grinned and grabbed my hand, squeezing it gently before allowing my father to lead him away. 
“Again,” Violet said as soon as they were out of earshot. “Who is that?” 
“It’s Karly’s boyfriend, Zeus,” Mom said appreciatively. 
“Marry him.” 
Jeremy groaned at Violet’s statement. “Vi, let her be.” He shook his head and focused his attention back on the television. 
“I’m serious,” she continued. “He’s gorgeous. I’d marry him myself if I wasn’t already spoken for.” 
Mom and I stifled giggles as Jeremy jumped to his feet. 
“What is that supposed to mean?” He threw his hands in the air and walked into the kitchen without waiting for an answer. 
“What are we talking about?” Mom’s other sister, Ashley, asked as she walked through the front door. Her red, curly hair bounced as she turned and closed the door. Her clothes, like her hair, didn’t match the rest of the women—she had donned a jersey as well. 
“Karly’s fiancée,” Violet said. 
“You’re engaged!” Aunt Ashley squealed. 
“No!” I laughed, raising my hands in a plea for mercy. 
“She should be, he’s beautiful,” Violet said as Ashley took Jeremy’s place. 
“Ooooh, I want to see,” Ashley said. 
“Girls, calm down!” Mom laughed as she shushed them. I mouthed a silent thank you to her. 
“Somebody talking about me?” Zeus’s head poked through the kitchen door, curiosity on his face. “My ears were itching.” I heard my aunts sigh softly as he released one of his devastating smiles. 
“Nope, we’re just watching the parade,” I said, trying not to giggle.
“Alright then.” He smiled at me for a second longer and then retreated back through the door. 
“Holy cannoli,” Ashley whispered softly. 
“Wait till you get a look at the rest of him,” Violet murmured, flexing her arms like a strong man.
This was one of the things I loved best about my aunts—their inability to not say what they were thinking. Mom had never been outspoken, not unless she had to be. But her sisters . . . they were on a whole separate level. 
I blushed furiously at their comments, wondering if Zeus had heard them saying we should get married. Part of me thought it wouldn’t be so bad if he had.
A few question filled minutes later, Zeus came through the door again. 
“Mind if I crash the party, ladies?” he asked. 
My aunts gushed their approval while Mom simply invited him to take a seat. He settled down on the couch next to me, putting an arm around my shoulders and kissing me quickly on the forehead. 
“You look nice today,” he said and I laughed. 
My old, torn up jeans and paint splattered high school shirt were anything but nice. My hair, which I hadn’t even really combed, was in a messy ponytail. I surveyed his designer jeans and tight black t-shirt. 
“You’re the good looking one in this relationship,” I laughed. “It’s a miracle I’m not still covered in pumpkin!” 
“You’re wrong,” he said, his eyes twinkling. “You’re beautiful.” 
There was a sigh from my aunts’ vicinity. I blushed as he smiled and kissed my forehead again, not seeming to notice anything other than me.
“Well, we should get back into the kitchen, now that the parade is over. And we can finally put up our Christmas decorations since it’s officially the season!” Mom beamed as she left the room. Supposedly, Christmas didn’t really start until Santa finished the parade. 
“Do you mind if I hang out with the guys?” Zeus asked as we stood up. “They said something about a game on TV.” 
“Sure, that’s fine, they watch it every year.” I smiled and kissed him quickly on the lips—blushing the whole time—before he left the room. There was something different about having my family watch us kiss. It felt weird. 
Once we were back in the kitchen with the door closed, Violet sighed deeply. “Yup. You need to marry him.” 


Chapter Eighteen


We were ready to start our somewhat early dinner. I laid forks and knives on the table at each seat, mouth watering over the turkey in the middle, looking nice and buttered. Cranberry sauce, spinach dip, salads, and the side dishes all surrounded it. Delicious pie smells were wafting in from the kitchen, calling me like a mouse to cheese.
As I placed the silverware on napkins, Mom set the glasses and my aunts set the plates. I was quickly becoming distracted, watching the scene playing out in the backyard. 
Although the house wasn’t very big, the backyard had always seemed the size of half a football field. The grassy lawn was perfect for getting immovable stains. The leaves had started changing colors, and were falling from the trees, which lined the full brick wall surrounding the yard.
Josh, Henry, and Zack were crawling army style through the lawn, dirt smeared on their faces. They each held an imaginary weapon in their hands. I could see them whispering instructions to each other through the open window. 
Suddenly, Zeus burst out from behind the trees and onto the trampoline, shouting a war cry. Jumping high into the air, he mimed throwing things at the boys, who had issued their own battle shout and were advancing rapidly. 
Zack was making machine gun noises while waving his arms back and forth. 
“Grenade!” Henry yelled, taking a rock from his pocket and throwing it onto the bouncy mat. 
“Surrender!” Josh yelled over and over again, making his own battle noises in between. 
Zeus fell to the ground, making one last attempt to escape before Henry declared his bomb had exploded. Everyone acted like they’d been thrown back from the force, all of them falling onto their backs. 
Zeus was on his feet in an instant, grabbing Henry. He straightened, pulling him clean off the ground. 
“Let me go or Henry gets it!” he demanded, backing up against the wall. 
“Don’t listen to him,” Henry shouted. “Take him down; I’ll do it for the team!” 
Josh and Zack rushed at them, firing their pretend weapons. Zeus dropped Henry, groaning and clutching his side. He made a dash for the sturdy swing set on the far side of the yard. 
“He’s getting away!” Zack screamed. 
“Quick, to the fighter jets!” Josh instructed. 
They all ran to the swing set, Zack and Henry taking the double swing, Josh the second single—Zeus already being in the first. 
“Shoot him down!” Henry yelled. 
“You’ll never catch me!” Zeus yelled back while they all began firing at him again. He jumped from his swing, flying through the air. When he landed, he fell over onto his stomach and became still. 
“We got him!” Josh said triumphantly. 
They all got off of their swings and went to investigate. I had to cover my mouth to keep them from hearing my laughter when Zeus suddenly came back to life and a massive wrestling match began. 
“He really is something,” Mom said in appreciation. 
I nodded my head, realizing she’d caught me watching. 
He fit in so nicely with everyone. I didn’t know what he’d told Dad on their walk, but it was clear he’d passed the test. I could tell Mom liked him, as did the boys. There was no doubt Violet and Ashley approved of him. I’d even heard him joking with Jeremy while we were cooking in the kitchen.
It was surprising that it meant so much to have everyone like him. I knew I really liked him, and asking him to come home with me hadn’t seemed like such a big deal, It’s not like we were going to get married or anything. 
As I finished setting the table, it occurred to me that’s exactly what I wanted. I didn’t just really like him—I was in love with him. I froze, watching him again as he played in the yard. He wasn’t the man I’d met at STYX. He had grown into something better, someone I wanted to spend the rest of my life with. His snarky side still showed up every now and then, and I loved that. I loved the way he looked at me right before he kissed me. I loved the way he treated me. I loved that he had never pushed me into anything. 
He caught me watching him and gave a small smile and wink before he was tackled by the boys again. My insides warmed and I blushed. 
I loved him! How hadn’t I realized it until now? He was everything I never knew I wanted. It didn’t even bother me that he’d been married before. I knew he was being honest when he said he didn’t want to be with anyone else any more. 
I thought back to the dream I’d had when I spent the night in his penthouse. What if I hadn’t been dreaming and he really had said he loved me? Butterflies erupted in my stomach as I realized he might actually feel the same way about me.
“Time to wash up for dinner boys!” Violet called out the window. “You too, big guy!” she added jokingly to Zeus. 
They all headed for the door, still wrestling a little. I started to feel panicked. How was I supposed to act now that I knew how I really felt? Did I tell him? Should I wait for him to say it first? 
I didn’t know what to do, so I seated myself at the table. I could hear them laughing as they came through the back door in the kitchen and washed their hands at the sink. 
“You have dirt all over your faces!” Violet didn’t sound too happy with her boys. 
Zeus came from the kitchen laughing, stopping right outside the door when he saw me. 
“Hey good lookin’,” he said softly. The smile he wore and the sound of his voice made my heart race. 
“Hey,” I said shyly, feeling the blush creep onto my face as I smiled. 
He stood there for a second longer, looking at me. His eyes seemed to sparkle and I couldn’t take mine off him. 
“Sorry I didn’t help with the food,” he said. 
“It’s fine. Mom wouldn’t have let you anyway,” I laughed. “It’s tradition for the girls to do it. The boys make Christmas dinner.” 
“Sounds fun,” he said, moving from the door and taking a seat next to me. 
“It is. We usually have homemade pizza. It’s Dad’s specialty. Sometimes he makes doughnuts, but not every year. He likes to keep it fresh.” 
I was rambling. And saying weird things like “keep it fresh.” What if he noticed I was acting differently? My palms were sweating so profusely I had to keep rubbing them on the nice pants I’d changed into for dinner. He would say something funny, and I’d laugh unnecessarily loud. 
Eventually, everyone else joined us at the table. Mom brought out a pitcher of water, and I filled my cup, proceeding to gulp it down like I was dying of thirst. 
“You okay?” Zeus said, putting a hand on my shoulder, a look of mild concern on his face. 
“Yeah, fine!” Did I say that too fast? How did people sit next to someone they loved and act completely normal?! 
“Welcome everyone!” Dad said, rising from his seat. “I’m happy that we’re all here to give thanks together. I would especially like to welcome Zeus. We’re happy you could join us.” 
“My pleasure,” Zeus said, squeezing my shoulder. I laughed nervously. I needed to keep it together! 
“Jeremy, would you like to say the blessing?” Dad asked. 
“Sure.” He stood and folded his arms. The rest of the family remained seated but folded their arms also, bowing their heads. 
I didn’t hear anything Jeremy said. All I could think about was trying to act normal. It would be a miracle if I didn’t blurt out my feelings during the car ride home. 
“Amen,” everyone said in unison.
“Let’s dig in!” Dad said, grabbing the carving knife and going to work on the turkey. 
Plates were passed around and filled to maximum capacity. Laughter and small talk filled the air, along with the clinking of utensils.
“So what do you do for a living Zeus?” Ashley asked as soon as everyone had their food. 
“I’m a business man,” he answered politely. 
“Don’t be shy boy,” Dad laughed. “He owns a casino.” 
“Wow, that’s interesting. Especially since I thought John despised casino owners,” Jeremy joked. 
“This is true,” Dad laughed. “But Zeus here explained some of it to me. He’s not really in charge of the money part of the casino. He owns the resort it’s in. Someone else handles taking everyone’s money.” He raised his fork as if toasting Zeus, chewing up the turkey he’d just put in his mouth. 
“That’s mostly true,” Zeus laughed. “I have some control over money issues in the casino, but it is mostly handled by bankers. Everything goes into the vault, and the bank comes and picks it up. I do have full control over the rest of the resort, though.” 
I remained silent through the conversation, my emotions making me a nervous wreck. Zeus must have noticed I was in some sort of distress. He placed his hand on my knee and subtly scooted his chair closer to mine. 
“How did you two meet?” Violet asked, picking up her glass to take a sip. 
“At the club in my resort,” he said, smiling at me. “I was sitting at the bar when she came up and asked for a water. We danced a little after that—“
“And that was it,” I said, interrupting him. “He asked me out on a date a little while later.” 
“Oooh, what did you do?” Ashley asked. 
“Uh,” Zeus gave me a confused look before answering. “I took her to a nice restaurant and art gallery.” 
“I bet you loved that, Karly,” Mom said smiling. 
“I did, thank you.” I took another bite of my food, not able to hide my smile at the memory of our date.
“Dating is gross!” Josh piped up, his mouth full of mashed potatoes.
“Let’s talk about something else!” Henry agreed. Zack only nodded his head, the amount of food in his mouth preventing him from speaking. 
“How about we talk about the war you guys lost in the backyard today?” Zeus said while everyone else laughed.
A play by play of the battle ensued so the rest of the family could vote on who won. I remained silent, watching Zeus interact with the family. It was like he’d always been a part of it. I knew I loved him with my whole heart. I would find the right time to tell him and pray he felt the same way. 
Once dinner was over, Zeus insisted on clearing the table and doing the dishes. Mom threw a fit about it, but finally conceded. He excused the rest of the family to go relax as well, but I stayed to help him. 
We were gathering the last of the plates when his hand brushed mine and an extreme electric charge caused me to drop everything I was holding, one of the plates breaking as it hit the floor. 
“Ouch! You shocked me good!” I laughed, shaking my hand. It was tingling like it had fallen asleep. 
“I don’t know how that happened,” he apologized. “I am so sorry! Let me see it real quick.” He grabbed my hand and another shock went through me. 
“Cut it out!” I laughed, my eyes watering a little. That one really hurt. It felt like what I imagined getting struck by lightning would, but on a smaller scale.
“Sorry . . .” Confused, he stared at his hand. “I didn’t shock you earlier when I touched you, did I?” 
“No, but you were touching my clothes,” I said, thinking back. “It’s no big deal, really. You just have a shocking personality.” I raised my eyebrows, with a goofy smile. 
Great. A pun. I was turning into him.
“Right,” he said slowly. He looked away from his hand and into my eyes, as if hunting for something there. Suddenly, he jumped up into the air, doing some weird split kick and pumping his fist. 
“What are you doing?” I laughed nervously. 
He broke out into the biggest grin I’d ever seen him wear and grabbed me, spinning around and pulling me into a bear hug. 
“Nothing. I’m happy to be here, that’s all.” 
“Zeus, I can’t breathe,” I choked out. 
“Oh, sorry!” he said, releasing me immediately. “I’m sorry I shocked you too, I won’t do it again, promise.” 
“Okay, weirdo,” I laughed. “Because you can actually control it!” 
“Hey,” he said as we picked up the things I’d dropped, careful not to cut ourselves on the broken plate. “Do you want to go for a walk with me after the dishes are done?” He smiled, touching my hand softly as I reached for the plate in front of him. 
“Sure.” I smiled, my heart seeming to flutter. 

“What did you say to win my dad over? I’ve got to know. Every other guy he’s talked with has run for the hills.” 
We were walking down the street, holding hands. A storm was blowing in, which was weird because the forecast had called for a clear weekend. Dark clouds gathered on the horizon, and a cold breeze whispered through the houses. I’d donned a light hoodie sweater, as had Zeus. 
“I told him the truth. Every single shred of it—the good and the bad.” He smiled. “At first he was quite appalled. I thought he was going to send me packing for sure. But then I told him how strong you had been, how you’d made me want to change who I was. You make me a better person. He seemed to like that.” 
“I bet you laid the charm on super thick too,” I laughed. 
“Maybe,” he grinned. “Then he asked me about my job and how things work. He seemed really interested in stuff.” 
“Well he likes you. That’s for sure.” 
“Good, I’m glad,” he laughed again. “Thank you for inviting me. I’ve had a really great time.” 
“I’m happy you came,” I said softly. We’d made our way back to the house, and I stopped in front of the door. “Zeus, I—“
“Hey you two!” Violet and her family were leaving and Ashley was on her way out behind them. 
I swallowed what I’d been about to admit and hugged each of them as they exited, as did Zeus. The boys made plans for their next battle, making him promise to come play again. We waved goodbye with my parents as they all drove away, going inside as it started to sprinkle. 
“I’m beat,” Dad announced. “I think Mom and I are going to head to bed. You two have a nice night.” 
He must have really trusted Zeus if he wasn’t going to sit up and make sure we went into separate rooms like he did last night. 
They headed off to their side of the house, and we walked down the hall to our rooms. 
“I guess this is goodnight.” I smiled, turning to face him. I leaned one shoulder against the wall, still holding his hand. 
“I guess it is,” he said, his eyes smoldering. 
His other hand found my waist as he stepped closer, filling the gap between us and pulling me from the wall. I closed my eyes and relished the heat between us as his lips found mine. He kissed me slowly and softly, with enough force to melt my heart completely. I let go of his hand and wrapped my arms around his neck. With both hands on my hips now, he pulled me a little closer and deepened the kiss, exploring my mouth for a second longer. 
He pulled away all too soon, an affection I couldn’t quite understand glowing in his eyes.
“Sleep well,” he murmured, reaching past me and opening my door for me. 
“You too.” I smiled and walked backwards through the threshold. I didn’t take my eyes off him until the door was closed all the way.

I didn’t know how long I’d been asleep. The rain was tapping on my window, but that wasn’t what had woken me. I could hear voices outside my room. Who was up talking? 
I rubbed my eyes and yawned, trying to ward off sleepiness. It wasn’t working. I wanted to find out who was up, so I pulled myself from the bed. 
The mumbling became clearer as I cracked open my door, causing me to come into the conversation mid-sentence. 
“. . . need to tell her right now, you can’t wait any longer!” 
I recognized the voice but couldn’t put a name to it in my haziness. 
“I can’t. Now is not the time. You have to understand.” Zeus sounded a little panicked. 
“We need you now. If you wait any longer, everything will be lost. Everything you’ve done won’t matter at all!”
I was jolted completely awake as I realized who the voice belonged to. It was Jessie. 
“I can’t tell her, not now! It would ruin everything.” 
“Everything is ruined if you wait. Either you tell her, or I will.” 
I picked up my hoodie and slipped it on over my tank top and long pajama pants. I needed to know what was going on. Taking a deep breath, I opened the door the rest of the way and stepped out into the hall. 
“Tell me what?” 


Chapter Nineteen


“Tell me what?” I repeated. 
Jessie was standing on the front porch, just out of the rain’s reach. Zeus stood next to the open door, looking like a kid who’d been caught with his hand in a cookie jar. 
“Karly,” he said hesitantly. “I thought you were sleeping.” 
“I was.” I folded my arms and walked to them. This was so peculiar. 
“I didn’t mean to wake you up,” he stammered. “Please go back to bed. We can talk in the morning.” 
“No, you can’t!” Jessie glared at him before turning to me. “There’s something you need to know, right now. Zeus is—“
“Shut up,” he growled at her in a deadly whisper. 
Something was very wrong. 
“I mean it. You tell her or I will.” 
He slammed the door in her face, grabbed my hand, and pulled me down the hall to his room. 
“Zeus, you’re hurting me,” I said softly. He released his iron grip, and I sat down on the bed. “What’s going on?” 
“This wasn’t supposed to happen now,” he said mostly to himself, pacing in front of me. 
“Just tell me,” I said, exasperated. “You’re scaring me.” 
He stopped moving and stood right in front of me, still dressed in his clothes from earlier. The only difference was the look on his face—like he was ready to be sick. 
“Kronos,” he started. 
“Your uncle!” I said in alarm. 
“No, my dad.” 
There was silence. Why would he tell me his dad was his uncle? And what was their family’s obsession with Greek Gods? 
“He’s attacked. Everything has fallen. I wasn’t there to help. We would have won if I was there, like last time.” His eyes never left mine. 
“So . . . I’m confused. He took over the resort?” 
“No. He took over Mount Olympus.” 
“He took over the fake mountain in the middle of the casino?” I said slowly. He was talking crazy though his exterior was calm. His eyes displayed plain desperation, though. 
“No! Why is this so hard to say?” He started pacing again, running his hands through his hair. 
“I’m not who I said I was,” he started again. 
“What?!” I stood up so fast I almost fell over. A sinking feeling filled me. “Are you still married?” I whispered. 
“No, I’m not! This is coming out wrong. I need you to understand, though.” He walked over to me and grabbed my shoulders, pulling me into a hug I didn’t return. 
“Who are you then?” He pushed me back and held my gaze. I fought the tears begging to be released. Everything I’d realized today was crumbling if he wasn’t the person I thought he was. 
“I’m Zeus.” He hesitated before continuing. “I’m your boyfriend, the owner of Tartarus, divorced, and . . . King.” 
Whatever I’d been expecting him to say, that was not it. 
“King of what?” I asked incredulously. 
“King of the Gods.” He didn’t smile like he usually did when he was joking. His face was a complete mask of honesty, but the lie burned into me like a brand. 
I couldn’t help it—the tears I’d been holding back started to fall. How could he be so cruel? What did he gain by playing a joke like this on me? This was not the man I’d fallen for. If anything, he was the jerk I’d first met. 
“Please don’t cry, Karly,” he said, trying to hug me again. 
“Don’t touch me!” I pushed him away and quickly put the bed between us. “What kind of joke is this? I’m not finding it very funny!” 
“It’s not a joke!” He looked shocked. 
“First you tell me your uncle is trying to take over your precious resort and that your friend has gone missing. I worry with you over all of your problems, stand by your side in every decision you make, and now you’re saying that wasn’t the truth? Now you’re a Greek God and your uncle is your dad? What about Niki? Your uncle—er, uh, your dad— still has her? I don’t think she’d think this was funny! Or is she even real?” I was angry. Nothing he said was making sense. The way he was saying it wasn’t making sense either. I could tell when he was joking, and this was not one of those times. The words coming out of his mouth couldn’t be true—he must be losing his mind.  
“Karly please, you have to believe me!” He reached out for me, taking a step in my direction.
“Stay where you are!” I yelled, backing away and running my hands through my hair. What was he doing? 
“Why should I believe you?” I demanded. 
“I can’t go home until you do,” he pleaded. “Please, I’m telling the truth.” 
“I’m pretty sure you can go back to Vegas whenever you want, Zeus,” I declared. 
“No, home to Mount Olympus!” 
“You have got to be kidding me,” I muttered. “Why won’t you just let this go? It’s not funny, okay! I’m not amused by your attempts to confuse me and pull me into this little fantasy land you’ve cooked up!” 
“I was married to Hera,” he said quickly.
“Good grief!” 
“She tried to start another uprising against me,” he continued as if I hadn’t said anything. “It wasn’t the first time, and I was angry so I declared us divorced. I thought I could get away with it, being King and all, but I broke a vow that had been made over the River Styx. I was banished for nine years, lost my powers, and told that I couldn’t come home until I truly fell in love. In order for me to get my powers back and return, the girl had to love me as well.” 
He was pushing the knife deeper. I didn’t know what he expected to gain from making all this up. 
“My nine years ended, but I hadn’t fallen in love,” he continued. “The other gods couldn’t talk to me during that time—I had no idea what was going on. As soon as the time was up, however, some of them contacted me, saying that a huge war had been going on. My father, Kronos, had heard of my banishment, broke out of prison, and was trying to take back what he thought should be his. I needed help and fast.
“I had been hitting on every girl I saw, trying to find the right one. I thought if we slept together, then she would want to stay.” 
“That’s cocky of you,” I said smugly. He rolled his eyes. 
“Anyway, I spent every year—except the two it took to get the resort designed and built—getting girls to come back to my room with me. You were the first one who ever told me no. I was furious. I saw your roommates leaving behind you, and I realized what was going on. Do you see where I’m going with this?” 
“The loony bin?” I sneered, the tears having stopped for a moment. 
“Nice,” he said smugly. “They are the Fates. They were the ones who banished me! I thought I recognized them when they were there before, but I wasn’t sure. When I saw you with them, I knew they were bringing you to me. You were the one I was going to fall in love with.” 
“Hold on a second,” I said suddenly, the puzzle falling together. “You’re saying that Jessie was part of this too?” 
“Yes!” He said triumphantly. 
“I know exactly what’s going on.” The tears started falling again, and I felt my heart break completely in two. 
“You all planned this somehow. A big joke on the naive girl from out of town. I get it. They’ve been to your club before, and you’re all friends. They got me to come to you and you started this prank to get revenge after I turned you down. Well congratulations, it worked.” I turned and headed for the door. 
“Karly, no! That’s not it, I swear,” he pleaded, blocking my path. 
“Get out of the way,” I said softly. 
“I know you love me, Karly. I can feel it.” He dared to look hurt after everything he’d said to me. I shuddered when he placed his hands on my shoulders, his eyes pleading with me.
“The shock in the dining room today, that was my powers coming back. You fell completely in love with me today, we both know it!” 
“You’re wrong,” I whispered. Tears fell with new force, a confirmation to myself that I couldn’t possibly be in love. I focused on the floor, unable to meet his gaze. “I don’t love you. I couldn’t love someone who lied to me like this—someone who has never been honest with me.” 
He jerked his hands from me like he’d been burned, disbelief plainly displayed. 
“Karly, don’t do that. Please, we can talk about this. I swear, I’m telling the truth.” I didn’t know if I imagined his eyes were shining. Truthfully, I couldn’t see through my own tears. 
“Sure,” I hiccupped. “We’ll talk about it, later.” 
“Okay,” he said. Relief rolled off him. “It’s late. Do you want to talk tomorrow, after you’ve slept some?” 
“Sure.” 
I felt numb. A nagging voice scolded me for lying to him, but I didn’t care. 
He kissed me on the forehead and moved out of my way, opening the door for me. 
“It’s going to be okay, you’ll see,” he said. “I’m not lying.” 
I didn’t look back as I left, walking straight to my room and closing the door behind me. I leaned against it, holding my breath until I heard his shut. Tremors wracked my body as I slid to the floor, covering my mouth to keep the sobs that were clawing their way up my silent throat. 
My roommates had seemed so nice. They didn’t appear capable of treachery like this. Seeing Jessie in the doorway, though, I knew something had been going on, something they hadn’t told me about. The people I’d trusted most in this new step of my life had done this to me. And why? I’d been nothing but nice and in no way deserved this! I was a good person—what kind of a person would want to break me like this? 
I should have known Zeus would always be a jerk. My first impression had been right, and I’d tossed it away like it was nothing. Letting myself get too close was a mistake. There were warning signs, things I simply wrote off. 
I didn’t love him, not anymore. It was sad to have loved so much for so little a time, but I couldn’t feel the same way about him anymore. What if every single thing he’d ever said to me was a lie? Maybe he’d never been married before. It was possible that he could have taken the casino from Kronos—whoever the heck he was—in the first place. Maybe . . . . There were so many maybes I didn’t even know what to think. I did know I never wanted to see Zeus again.
With this realization, my tears ceased and I stood, my feelings finally quiet. My parents weren’t going to be happy when they woke in the morning, but it would be okay. Zeus could tell them how he was a liar. 
I pulled my suitcase from the closet and laid it on the messy bed. Slowly, my things were gathered from every corner of the room and packed away. Zipping it up, I heaved it off the bed and set it on the floor next to the door, my heart in my throat. 
There were no sounds other than the rain, slapping every surface in reach—everyone seemed to be asleep. Quietly, I slipped through the door, heaving my bag up behind me. I inched passed Zeus’s room, holding my breath until I was safely past and hurried down the hall out the front door. 
Within a few seconds I was soaked through. I was grateful for the rain. The storm masked the opening and closing of my trunk, as well as my shoes squelching to the driver’s side. I was sure no one heard me get into the car and drive away.


Chapter Twenty


I drove out of town, my need to escape pulling me down the highway at breakneck speeds. Going back to Vegas stung like a slap in the face, so I went the opposite direction, taking the exit for Sacramento. San Francisco called out for me like a siren, the once place that had always felt right for me.
After several hours on the road, my cheeks were tight with dried, salty tears that fell intermittently. The drive was a lot longer than going back to Vegas would have been but, thankfully, I had extra money on me. I’d planned on going shopping, like everyone else in the country would be on Black Friday, but not anymore. 
Each piece of Zeus’s confession seemed to stab at me, drawing blood with each jab. I thought the girls were my friends. It was true I hadn’t spent much time with them once Zeus and I started dating, but it had still felt like we were close. When I’d seen Jessie in the doorway, I’d worried something bad had happened. Now I knew the truth—she was merely out to get me. I wished I’d screamed at her too. Nobody should have to feel the way I did. 
Zeus had broken my heart. I could get over the stupid joke if he hadn’t told me that they’d planned it from the beginning. Now I didn’t know the difference between the lies and reality. Did he even have a friend in trouble? It was embarrassing to realize I hadn’t caught on. I could’ve saved myself so much heartache if I’d stuck to my guns and refused to go out with him. I could only imagine the jokes I would have suffered through if I had slept with him. 
Cities and towns rolled by as I continued to drive, letting the warm morning rays dry my face. Each mile I put behind me was a lie I’d been told—left in the past where it could gather cobwebs.
I arrived in San Francisco in the early afternoon. Each turn took me further away from the pain and closer to what I’d wanted to begin with—the art institute. When I’d been in high school, I’d memorized every mile of the long trip to the school, dreaming of the day I would finally attend and all of my dreams would come true. 
As I analyzed my situation, I realized it probably wouldn’t look very good if I dropped out of school now. The semester was almost over, and I could probably persuade my teachers to let me turn things in online, so I could stay here. I wouldn’t be able to go to the art show, but that was fine. If I could go to school here, none of that would matter anyway, right? 
I pulled into the empty lot and gazed in wonder at what I’d hoped would be my alma mater. I wasn’t accepted before, that was true, but I would beg them to reconsider—paint a portrait of the dean, offer to teach disadvantaged youth in the area about art, anything that would persuade them to let me in. I’d tried other routes and been screwed over. This was the only thing I’d ever really wanted. I had to have it—why couldn’t they see that? 
I was so tired. I wanted to finally feel like I’d won at something, instead of settling for something else. After sitting there for an hour, I drove away and headed to the beach. 
There were no more tears left for me to cry, only determination. I knew I should call home, but Zeus might still be there. Mom would understand eventually, but for now she needed to stay in the dark. 
The road ended at the ocean, a pier jutting out over the water with only a couple people in sight—either everyone was out shopping incredible deals, or they were all still in a food coma.
I parked and got out to stretch, feeling like it was safe to leave the comfort of the car at last. There was a slight breeze, which made my sleepy ponytail flutter around my face, and it was nice there wasn’t anyone to see my “just out of bed” appearance—neon green and yellow pajamas and all. 
The smell of salt and the sound of the waves calmed me further as I walked down the beach. I flopped down into the sand when I reached the water’s edge, removing my shoes and rolling up my pants so the liquid could wash over my skin. 
When I was little my family had taken a road trip, and we’d stopped in Los Angeles for a break at the beach. I’d tripped and skinned my knee while running around, and I didn’t know where my parents had gone. As I sat crying in the sand, a man walked out of the ocean and asked me what was wrong. After a short explanation, he helped bandage me up and sent me on my way, seeming to return to the waters he’d come from. 
I smiled to myself as I remembered the pure childlike wonder I’d felt at this magical being whom I know now was nothing more than a lifeguard. It was a shame that there weren’t any lifeguards around—it would have been nice to have him here to help me—to tell me it was okay and make the hurt go away. 
I wiped away the single tear that had fallen while I’d remembered, laughing at myself. There was no such thing as magic. 

I threw my suitcase on the modest hotel’s generic, stiff bed and headed for the bathroom, feeling the need for a shower As much as I didn’t want to admit it, I needed to go back to Vegas, even if it was just to get my things. I would finish out the semester and move on one day at a time. The salt air had helped clear my head—I was an adult with responsibilities and would act accordingly. 
And then I would run away from it all. 
I made the water hotter than normal, trying to burn away the hurt and anxiousness. Thankfully, it helped me relax some, though I still felt pretty bad. The heat never ran out, and I finally dragged myself from the tub. My pajamas were covered with sand, so I slipped on a pair of cotton shorts and a t-shirt before combing my hair. 
After almost twenty-four hours with no sleep, I crumpled onto the bed, pulled the sheets up to my chin, and knew no more for the time being. 

I was standing in the middle of a large, empty room. There were no windows or doors, just the shiny wood floors and a full-length mirror, which sat right in front of me. Light was coming from somewhere, but I wasn’t concerned enough to find its source. 
Instead of reflecting me, the glass was showing my dark hotel room. It appeared I was still sleeping in the bed. For a minute, the picture remained unchanged. Suddenly, the door’s deadbolt moved—slow and silent—to the unlocked position. My form remained asleep in the bed, but my stomach tightened into a knot as I watched from above. 
A beam of moonlight grew through the room as the door opened silently. A figure sneaked in, shut the entryway, and slipped back into the shadows. Try as I might, I couldn’t find the person until I caught the moonlight glinting off of the blade in their hand. I couldn’t help it—I screamed in terror. 
I grabbed the sides of the mirror and started shaking it, yelling in horror. The sound of rushing wings filled the air and a man blocked the view of my room. I realized the beating wings were his and jumped away from the glass as if I’d been burned. His face portrayed fear as he tried to say something, but I couldn’t understand him. He was ripped away by something and the rushing sounds faded.
I ran back to the mirror and the man who stood over my sleeping form, the back of his dark suit facing me. The knife was still in his hands, and I screamed as he raised it high and slammed it down into my chest then ripped it out again. Somehow, I was suddenly falling through the glass, my hands and arms cut and bleeding. I landed on the floor with a painful thud, the wind knocked out of me. Gasping, I looked over to the bed at my side where the man continued stabbing me, over and over again. Blood from the sleeping me was seeping into the sheets and dripping onto the floor. I pushed myself up and ran to the other side of the bed.
“Stop, stop, stop!” I screamed, grabbing him by the shoulders and turning him to face me. He resembled Zeus. His nose was bigger, but the eyes were the same, unless you considered the cold, dead look in his. I froze in shock. I was so confused. Suddenly, his appearance transformed, and I was holding the strange angel man instead. 
“Wake up, Karly! Run!” he screamed.
I jerked away, tripping over my own feet, and landed hard on my back. The angel man was gone again, leaving my murderer in his place. Trying to put as much space as I could between us, I scrambled to my feet and ran to the door. 
The man was behind me in an instant. He shoved me hard, and I fell against the door with a loud thump. Blood trickled from my nose. Hands grabbed my shoulders and spun me around to a sickly smile on his face. Red splatters from the dead me covered him. I gagged at the sight but couldn’t turn away. His eyes were boring into mine, as dead as the form on the bed. 
“It’s a dream, just a dream,” I whimpered. The angel man told me to wake up. I was having a nightmare. It was the only explanation I could think of.
The man opened his mouth wide, wider than he should have been able to. There were rows of jagged teeth inside, like a shark. I continued to whimper as it gaped to epic proportions. A low growl rumbled in his chest and he suddenly jerked forward. His mouth snapped shut around me, and I screamed. 

A scream ripped from my throat as I sat up at light speed. I was shaking uncontrollably, my body drenched in sweat. My hands explored my chest, searching for knife wounds. They found no trace of injury or blood anywhere. I jumped out of the bed and ripped the sheets off, scared I would find stains. When nothing was revealed, I dropped to the floor and looked for the mess there. 
Nothing. 
I stumbled to the bathroom, tears of relief now joining the perspiration I was already experiencing. Placing my hands on the counter for balance, I examined myself in the mirror. Everything was normal. I looked like I’d showered with my clothes on, but other than that, I was fine. 
“It was only a dream.” I laughed at myself. It had seemed so real. 
I filled the sink with cold water and splashed some on my face. The trembling had mostly stopped, as had the pounding of my heart. I took a deep breath and let the water out of the sink. Taking a step back, I grabbed a towel and leaned against the door, drying my face.
The front door creaked, and I froze, my face still in the cloth. I didn’t lower the rag until I’d heard it close again. Bracing myself, I looked into the glass, searching the sliver of room it reflected. 
My breath caught—it was the man from my nightmare. Paralyzed, I tried to rip my eyes from his reflection and think of what to do. He was examining the bed I’d ripped apart. Finally, I managed to slide down the door and out of the mirror’s line of sight. I spotted my bathroom bag, under the counter. A memory flashed before me— my father had given me pepper spray when I moved and I’d tossed it into one of my bags, never planning on actually taking it anywhere. I hadn’t wanted anyone to think I was a freak for carrying it around. A cry of relief almost escaped me when I realized I’d thrown it into the bag now in front of me. 
As quietly as I could, I went through the large clutch until I found it. 
“Hiding in the bathroom, how cliché.” 
I spun around, the spray in my hands, and pointed it at him. 
“I don’t know who you are or what you want, but you need to leave now,” I said, my voice shaking. 
“Now, now Karly,” he said, leaning against the door frame and looking down at me. “You know who I am.”
“My boyfriend went to get ice and will be back any second,” I lied. Panic was starting to take over. 
“You and I both know that Zeus has no idea where you are, Karly.” 
I looked at him in disbelief. How did he know so much about me? Suddenly, it dawned on me. 
“You’re . . . his dad! You’re Kronos!” The resemblance was undeniable. There was no kindness in his eyes, though. 
“Bravo,” he said in a sickly sweet tone. “I am indeed Kronos. I’ve come to take you to Mount Olympus, my dear.” He examined the fingernails of his right hand as he spoke, not seeming to have a care in the world. 
“What?” I spat out. Fury started to replace the panic. Zeus had done this. He had sent his “Daddy” to bring me back to him. 
“You don’t need to play along,” I said quietly, the rage boiling in my voice. “He told me everything, and I know he’s lying. You don’t need to act like he’s some God. And I’m not going with you. I don’t date liars.” I stood, the spray still pointed at him. “You should leave now.” 
Kronos gave me that sickly smile again and stood up straight. 
“It wasn’t a lie, sweetheart.” 
My nightmare became real as he opened his mouth, revealing rows of sharp teeth. I screamed as he lunged at me, spraying him in the eyes and trying to run out into the room. He bellowed in anger, rubbing the pepper spray off of his face. I almost made it past him, but he grabbed me around the waist before I could escape, ripping the spray out of my hands. Desperate, I scoured the room for anything I could use against him. I beat him with my fists, pushing his face away from me. He snapped his terrifying jaw, and I jerked my hands away, one of them hitting the hair dryer on the wall. I tore it from the holder and swung it towards his face, connecting with his temple. He released me for a second, his bearings lost, and I tried to run again. 
I wasn’t fast enough. 
Kronos grabbed me by the neck and hoisted me into the air. I kicked my feet, trying to wiggle out of his grip, but only succeeded in choking myself more. His jaw opened wide, dislocating like a snake as I clawed at the hand around my throat. Finally, I managed to get in one good kick to the stomach. He grunted, his mouth closing most of the way, but his grip didn’t loosen. 
I was going to die. I could feel the edges of my vision turning black from lack of air as stars danced around me, but I couldn’t stop squirming. I kicked everywhere I could, clawed at his hand until there was blood, kept trying to get a scream to leave my mouth. 
Kronos wore a look of amusement, slightly clouded by frustration. Suddenly, he pushed me back harshly, snapping his teeth together repeatedly. My head connected with the mirror, and I slipped into peaceful darkness.


Chapter Twenty-One


My head was pounding. 
I didn’t want to open my eyes. Lying still would work just fine for me. Whatever I was laying on, while uncomfortable, was cool and helped ease the aches I was feeling. Every now and then I would hear voices, but I couldn’t understand anything they were saying. 
What day was it? I couldn’t even remember. Had I gone back to Vegas? It was a little unclear. I knew as soon as I opened my eyes and got up I would remember things better. However, I wasn’t ready to face the fact that my boyfriend and roommates had been lying to me, basically, the entire time I knew them. Who did that? 
Hours, maybe days, passed and I didn’t move or open my eyes. I didn’t have to worry about anything in my bubble. 

“Karly?” The voice was far away and fuzzy, but I could understand it. “Karly, are you okay? Are you awake?” 
It was time to go back to the real world. Back to school—back to work—back to figuring out what I was supposed to do now. 
“Yeah,” I mumbled softly. “What time is it? I know I’ve been lying here for a while.” 
“Karly,” the voice said hesitantly. “You’ve been bleeding. Are you okay?” 
My eyes snapped open. 
“What?” I choked out. My throat felt like sandpaper had been ripped through it. My entire body felt like it had been beaten and then tossed onto the floor I lay on now. I noticed my cut and bloodied arms, several pieces of broken mirror lodged in them. Chains held me loosely in place, and I slowly eased my sore muscles into a sitting position, my head screaming in protest. 
“Is your head alright?” the voice asked again. 
I surveyed the room. It was oval shaped and made entirely of marble. Greek-style pillars stood every couple of feet, holding up the ceiling painted like a cloudless sky. I imagined it looked magnificent when it wasn’t torn apart. 
The marble was cracked in several places, and what looked like blood stains covered the floor. One of the pillars was broken and laying in pieces on the ground. To my right I found a huge throne, the likes of which I’d never seen. It seemed to flow effortlessly from the floor of the same marble. The bottom was in the form of clouds and the back rose upward shaped like several lightning bolts. There was hardly any space between it and the end of the oval. 
“Karly?” 
I looked to my left and saw a woman who had clearly been beaten, chained to one of the pillars. Her brown hair was ratted and had gore in it. She was wearing a simple white robe, stained and torn in several places. Her expression was one of concern. 
I suddenly remembered she’d been asking about my head and tentatively reached a hand up, chains rattling, to feel it. When I reached the back I winced, feeling the cut and filth that had dried into my hair. 
“It hurts,” I croaked. “My throat does too. What happened? I can’t remember anything.” 
“It’s okay. Give it a couple of minutes.” She smiled at me and nodded reassuringly. 
“Who are you?” 
“Nike,” she said. “But you probably know me better as Niki, if I remember correctly. I think that’s the name Zeus and I decided to use while I was in Vegas.” 
“Niki! Oh my gosh, are you okay?” I was shocked at her appearance. I thought Zeus had made her up as part of the joke, but it was painfully obvious that she had been in a lot of trouble. “What happened to you—“I sucked a breath in as memories started to come back. 
“I went to San Francisco,” I started slowly. “I got a hotel room for the night and then . . .” I started to cry. “It was all real? Everything he said? It was the truth?” 
Nike nodded sadly. “I’m so sorry you had to find out like that Karly. I know Zeus very well. I’m sure he’d wanted to tell you at the right time.” 
“What’s going to happen now?” I asked fearfully. “Is Kronos here? I thought he was going to kill me. Why didn’t he?” 
“He will in good time,” a voice sneered from behind me. I knew that voice. 
“Hera.” 
“Why, yes! I guess I’m not just a liar trying to scare you off, huh?” She looked down her nose at me, a manic smile on her face. She wore armor like I’d never seen before; something fit for a queen. Its brassy color caught the light well, showing off her curves. While she was obviously well protected, there were several scuff marks and dents in the intricate design. It was apparent she had been part of whatever battle had happened in this room. 
“What do you want, Hera?” Nike growled. “You have no business here.” 
“Actually, I do.” She laughed and walked over to Nike. She grabbed the chains, which held the Goddess captive, and gave them a sharp tug, causing Nike to cry out in pain. 
“Stop it!” I cried, pulling against my own chains in an attempt to get out and help my new friend. 
“I will do whatever I want, and you can’t stop me!” Hera’s voice cracked through the room like metal meeting metal. “You are going to die, you little tramp. Do you understand that? Kronos is going to come in here and cut your heart out in front of the conquered Gods. There’s nothing you or anyone else can do about it.” 
“Don’t listen to her, Karly. She’s just trying to scare you,” Nike gasped. 
“Am I?” Hera feigned surprise. “We shall see, I guess. I’m off to tell our new King that his guest of honor is awake now.” She sneered at us again and left, her boots clicking on the floor as she went. 
“Was she telling the truth?” I whispered once she was gone. 
Nike didn’t answer. 
I fell silent, thinking over the things that had happened to me. Zeus would be furious when he found out; that was certain. If I hadn’t left without telling anyone, maybe I wouldn’t have been in this situation. He was sure to yell at me, if I was still alive. 
I wanted to hate him when he’d told me who he really was. I’d even managed to convince myself I didn’t love him. It was a lie, though. A million lifetimes could pass me by, and I would still love him. 
“Nike?” I asked after a few moments. “Why does Kronos want to kill me?” 
She remained silent, looking at the floor. 
“Please,” I said softly. “I think I deserve to know.” 
“Karly.” She returned her gaze to me, her eyes tired and a frown on her lips. “Zeus can’t come back until he truly falls in love with someone who loves him back. It’s clear he loves you. Most of us, if not all the Gods, have been watching him. We needed him to come back and fight for us—we wanted him to fall in love fast. That’s why I was coming to him. I’m the Goddess of victory. With me at his side, there was no chance he would fail. But I was captured before I made it, and Kronos used me to conquer Olympus. 
“Luckily, Zeus managed to fall in love without my help. I’m very happy about that actually. If there hadn’t been the threat of war, I would have left him alone to figure it out himself. He needed to learn what love really was. 
“You, on the other hand, were very cautious. We could tell he was frustrated at first and ready to give up. But then he decided you were worth it—that he wanted you. We saw how you fell in love with him—don’t deny it—but you didn’t even know it yourself yet. 
“Kronos wants you dead because you love Zeus. He thinks that if your heart is no longer beating, you can no longer love him, and Zeus will never be able to come home. He is trying to permanently exile him and strip him of his powers.” She shifted from one foot to another, wincing as the chains dug into her.
“I do love him,” I confirmed. “I thought he was lying before, and I told him I didn’t, but I do. I love him more than I can even understand. I don’t know if saying it now will help or if it’s too late, but I do.” 
Nike nodded her head sadly and gave me a weak smile. 
“Only time will tell.”

I pulled at my shackles again, trying to free at least one hand to fight back with. I knew I couldn’t do much for anyone, much less myself—in fact, I was positive I wasn’t going to make it out alive—but I was in love, and that was going to enable Zeus to save everyone. If I could survive long enough for him to realize he was no longer banished, then maybe he could defeat his father and regain his kingdom.
A small whimper escaped my lips as I pulled on my bindings again. Blood seeped from my wrists onto the marble beneath me. The more effort I used, the more my previous wounds split open again. Finally, armed with as much courage as I could muster, I pulled a shard of glass out of my right forearm that had been keeping me from really working against my shackles. The pain was so excruciating, I left the rest to spare myself the agony of removing them. Blood cascaded onto the floor while I cried. Applying as much pressure as possible, I coached myself through the pain, keeping my greater mission in mind. At least my head had stopped bleeding—dizziness was around every corner and blood loss was not helping the matter.
The sound of chains scraping down the halls had been going on for a few minutes now, a never-ending parade of defeat echoing through the massive room. 
“Keep moving dogs!” a loud voice barked. 
Still, the sounds continued at the same pace, a protest to the wearer’s captor.
“They’re bringing in the other Gods,” Nike explained from her still-chained-up position. 
A few moments later, her statement proved true. 
Some of them I recognized, probably because they had specific characteristics I’d learned about in school. I sucked in a breath when I saw the strange angel man from my dream. He made eye contact with me and frowned. I knew then that he had been trying to warn me, to get me to leave before I was caught. I mouthed a silent thank you and smiled weakly.
“Who is that?” I asked Nike as the man continued to his designated spot. 
“Morpheus, God of dreams,” she whispered back. 
Before I could reply, the last two chained Gods entered, and I was shocked again to discover that one of them was the man from the beach who had helped me when I was younger. They were placed slightly in front of the rest of the Gods, in their own set of chains. I remembered that while Zeus was King of all the Gods, he had two brothers who were also kings. There was only one logical conclusion—Hades and Poseidon had been captured as well. 
Though captured and chained together, the beaten gods all looked strong willed and determined. Each wore armor specific to themselves, none of which appeared shiny and new. Their presence in the broken room added another chapter to the carnage they had been through. Blood flowed freely from several, if not all of them. Some had sported a severe limp as they were paraded about the room. I didn’t know if Gods could die, but it was plain they could be injured. 
Hera entered, along with a few Gods I didn’t recognize. Disgustingly triumphant, they stared down at their fellow deities, a few of them stopping to spit in the faces of their defeated brethren before proceeding to the opposite side of the throne. Silence filled the room as the two sides glared at each other, and I wondered who would break first from the increasing tension. 
“He swallowed you whole, Hera! Did you forget that?” Hades spat out first. 
“Brother,” Poseidon warned. 
“No! I want her to explain why she helped the beast who swallowed us all! Why she went against the man who freed us from that! I want to know why she felt compelled to punish us even after her complaints against Zeus were dealt with justly!” 
“There is no need for that, my son,” Kronos smirked as he entered the room. 
His suit had been replaced with majestic armor of his own—completely black and form fitting, leaving virtually no weak spots. 
“I’m not your son,” Hades spat back. 
“We’ll see. You might decide otherwise soon enough.” 
With a snap of his fingers, my bindings dissolved. A guard who had entered unnoticed behind me, grabbed my arm and hauled me to my feet, dragging me in front of the throne. Sucking in a sharp breath, I pushed down a scream as the wounds he touched reopened. 
“For those of you who are unaware,” Kronos began while loosening the ties on his gauntlets and removing them. “This is Karly Rawlins. She is the mortal Zeus has fallen in love with. We cannot allow them to be together, can we?” He tossed his gloves onto the throne and smiled devilishly as his supporters cheered. 
As he removed a piece from around his waist, visibly confidant no one would attack him, he continued, “I have brought Karly here to die. I want everyone to know there is no chance of Zeus coming back.” He spat out the name as if it were a swear word, and my insides churned. 
“You are all going to watch her die. And then you will swear fidelity to me or you will die as she did.” Hera held a long box toward him, and he pulled out a shiny, silver dagger. 
“This has been dipped in water from the River Styx. I’m sure you’re aware it’s fatal to any God it stabs. Now, let’s begin!” 
Kronos walked over to me and grabbed one arm. 
“You’re too late,” I said, loud enough for everyone to hear. “I already love him. He can come back whenever he wants.” I prayed that was true. 
“You can’t love with a broken heart,” he sneered. “And I’m going to stab yours clean through.”
“You can’t kill love,” I shot back. “It lives forever, long after the people who experienced it are forgotten.” I winced as he tightened his grip and jerked me closer.
“We’ll have to see about that then, won’t we?” His whisper sent chills down my spine and bile to my throat.
“We won’t swear fidelity,” Poseidon said commandingly. “And you can only kill so many of us before you have no one to command.” 
“We shall see,” Kronos laughed, turning to look at him. “I plan on obliterating this mortal world anyway, leaving no one to worship you, your powers fading into oblivion. You will beg to be my loyal subjects just to stay alive.” 
“You can’t kill all those people,” I said in horror, my hand grasping the one he had tightened around my arm. 
“Watch me,” he hissed, turning back to me and ripping another piece of glass from my shoulder. I cried out as fresh blood ran down my arm, the laughter of my enemies ringing in my ears.
Before I could move to fight back, the knife raised high into the air and I froze, new chains magically appearing and holding me in place. 
This was it. I was going to die. I would never be able to tell my parents or friends goodbye. I’d never finish school and follow my dreams of being an artist. And I would never be able to tell Zeus I loved him. I’d never get to see his face when I told him I loved him so much it hurt to breathe. 
The dagger descended, and I squeezed my eyes shut, hoping it would be over quickly and Zeus would arrive in time to save the others. Time stood still as I waited for death, the air crackling with electricity. I imagined it was the end as my hair stood on end and a warm wave overtook me. A loud rumbling, like thunder, filled my ears, making it hard to hear anything else. I felt something hit my feet, and my eyes popped open, looking for the cause. 
The knife lay on the ground, free of blood. I looked up at Kronos, but his eyes were locked on the other side of the room, fury radiating from every part of him. I turned my head to see what was happening. 
The crowd had parted the best it could, considering the chains. There, lightning bolts in hand, stood a man. 
Zeus. 


Chapter Twenty-Two


I’d never seen him like this before. Elegant black armor covered his body, glowing with power. Lightning in his left hand crackled dangerously but did no harm—I didn’t know if it was from the gloves he wore or the power he held. Pure hatred rolled off him, filling the room with the force of his rage as he scowled at his father.
“Kronos,” he growled. 
The chains that held me evaporated, and Kronos released me with a push towards the throne. A guard stood by, sword in hand and poised, ready to pounce if I tried to run. 
“Zeus,” he said, his voice remarkably calm in spite of the anger emanating from him. 
There was a strained silence as we waited to see what would happen next. Then—so fast I almost missed it—Zeus released a mighty shout, pulling a sword from the scabbard at his waist with his free hand. Light glinted off the blade as it sliced through the air, breaking the chains holding both his comrades and brothers. Sparks shot from the tip as he dragged the metal across the marble floor, pulled it up in a grand arc, and leapt at Kronos, releasing the lightning he held in his other hand.
Mass chaos ensued as the opposing sides leapt together, each determined to destroy the other. Screams of agony and triumph filled the air and the smell of blood grew stronger. My guard rushed into the battle, leaving me free to run behind the throne—the only shield I had among these immortals.
It was the most brutal thing I’d ever seen. Blood slowly covered every inch of the floor. Gods I’d never heard of—wielding strange weapons—climbed the pillars and walls like spiders and jumped around so quickly I could hardly see them. Some slipped on the slick floor, sometimes gaining the advantage, others being dealt what should have been a killing blow. Silent screams were lodged in my throat as I watched a terrifying monster cut the head off Morpheus. Before I could even comprehend what happened, his body picked the severed head up, placed it back in its spot, and a bright light sealed the two pieces back together. Evidently, none of the weapons were fatal. It seemed that everyone around me should be dead, their body parts littering the ground, but they weren’t. Impossibly, they were pressing on, determined to snatch a victory for their respective sides. My brain couldn’t even comprehend what was happening—it all seemed so fake. 
I suddenly remembered Nike and looked over to her pillar. Still chained there, her eyes were locked on a specific point in the battle field. A weak golden glow emanating from her, matching what must have been her heartbeat. My gaze searching for her target, I realized she was using her powers to try and help Zeus. 
I didn’t have to scan the crowd long to find him. The other Gods were giving him and Kronos a wide berth, trying to stay out of the way of the lightning. As soon as I started watching, I wished I hadn’t. Thunder shook the building, causing the floor to pitch and roll, while white hot lightning danced around Zeus. Kronos was wielding a large scythe, his jaw unhinging and snapping repeatedly. Every move they made left me fearing the worst, and I cringed at the sights and sounds around me. 
Tears were beyond me—all I could hear was the hammering of my own heart, matching each blow Zeus dealt and received. I couldn’t look away, and the desire to run and forget everything happening around me gripped my throat. Regardless, there was nowhere to go, and even if there had been, I needed to be here for Zeus. I began sending out victorious thoughts—my own kind of helpful vibes.
He and Kronos were moving so quickly it should have been impossible for them to even lay a blow on each other. Every few seconds, there would be a bright flash of lightning, and I would hold my breath until I could see them again. Each time, the previous underdog seemed to have stepped up to the winner’s seat. I was certain they hadn’t touched each other, but blood trickled down Zeus’s face while Kronos’s shoulder spat out grey smoke, proving otherwise. I was glad that I was far enough away I didn’t have to smell the burnt flesh. Although, I don’t think I could’ve smelled anything past the overbearing iron smell of blood—which seemed to be permanently stuck in my nose. 
Hatred emanated from both kings as they fought. Neither gave any ground as they each pushed to gain the upper hand. Their previous battles had supposedly accustomed them to each other’s fighting strategies. With a loud growl that ascended above the din of combat surrounding them, Kronos hooked his scythe under the edge of Zeus’s shoulder plate and ripped it off, adding a long cut to his bare skin. A mighty shout bursting from his lips, Zeus shot a ball of electricity from the palm of his hand, hitting Kronos in the jaw, which popped open and flapped around, reminding me of a cartoon I’d seen as a child.
Hades suddenly leapt into my line of sight, a battle cry tearing from his lips. Fire was obviously his weapon of choice, and he conjured it out of thin air. Snapping it like a whip, it crackled with the power of a thousand men, sparks exploding in every direction. The God who fought him beckoned him forward, unfazed by his theatrical display, widening his stance, and tossing his sword from one hand to the next. 
They crashed into each other in a vicious frenzy. It felt like my eyebrows were singeing off as the fire snapped over my head. Hades howled as the God landed a blow on his leg, causing him to fall to one knee. The God laughed, advancing in for the kill, apparently forgetting about the fire whip Hades still held. 
“Burn in Hell!” Hades snarled, whipping the flames back and sending them full force into the God’s face. 
I crouched in frozen terror as he turned into a human torch. The smell of charring flesh filled the air as the God ran away screaming, desperately trying to put himself out.
“Stop, drop, and roll, moron!” Hades called out gleefully, as he seared the cut on his leg before turning, in search of his next opponent.  
As soon as he and his fire whip were out of my immediate sight, a wave of water deposited Hera right in front of me. Behind me, Poseidon called the water back, leaving a sputtering Goddess on the floor. I pressed myself back against the throne, the cool stone biting into my skin. If she were to see me and attack, I wouldn’t have a chance at survival.
I wasn’t so lucky. 
“You!” she snarled, her sopping wet hair falling into her face. She picked up a golden dagger, which had washed up beside her, and stood. The horror movie I’d watched unfold around me turned in my direction as she charged me, screaming like a mad woman. 
Run, Karly! Run, run, run, my brain screamed, but fear grabbed hold of me and wouldn’t let go, rendering me a useless heap on the floor. A scream issued from my mouth, only to be silenced in awe as another massive wave of water crashed down in front of me. Quickly, it pulled back and swirled in the air around the man who controlled it.
“This has gone far enough, Hera. Step down!” Poseidon ordered, his voice bouncing around us. 
“Never.” She slunk back, crouching like a tiger, her eyes calculating and deathly. Her instant calm was more terrifying than the crazy directed at me a moment ago, and suddenly, I realized she was smart—really smart. 
Without any warning, she jumped the short distance between them, jabbing the dagger towards Poseidon’s heart. I screamed, thinking he was about to be run through, but he dodged to the right just in time, and the knife only clipped his shoulder armor. A jet of water knocked Hera back a step and out of jabbing reach for a moment.
They began exchanging blows, the perfect match as opponents. Despite Hera’s elegant appearance, she was a skilled fighter. Poseidon held nothing back, meeting each of her attacks and striking with brute force. Try as she might, she couldn’t get past him to destroy me. Frustration slowly pushed past her calm expression, and Poseidon noticed. Her suddenly worthless aim and lack of attack strategy caused his shoulders to relax and each blow became softer, more forgiving. Desperation washed over Hera.
“Hera, let it go!” he pleaded, taking a step to the side and extending a raised palm as if he could stop her by sheer will.
Hera’s stone cold expression snapped back into place and she smiled triumphantly, leaping forward. Poseidon, realizing his mistake, attempted to obstruct her path, but was shoved aside as she rushed toward me. As he slipped on the bloody, wet floor, water shot towards her in one last failed attempt to save me. 
“You don’t get to live today,” she snarled, grabbing the front of my shirt and heaving me up onto my knees. In one swift motion, I was shoved against the side of the throne, the cold blade pressed against my neck. Eyes wide, warm blood beginning to run down onto my shirt, I tore at her hands, trying to push her away before irreparable damage was done. Hope trickled from me, and I stared into the eyes of my murderer. Poseidon’s trident shot between us, barely missing me, but knocking the blade from my skin and out of Hera’s hands. 
“No!” she screamed. Hands wrapped around me, cutting off my airway, only to be torn away by a relentless wave of cold water that soaked me clean through. Sputtering, wiping my eyes clear, I caught a glimpse of Poseidon riding the same wave out, a very angry Hera in front of him, shrieking in manic anger. Their battle would continue elsewhere. 
I placed a shaky hand to the cut on my neck, just under my ear. Thankfully, the cut was small and missed a major artery. If she’d had one more second, Hera would have sliced clean through. Standing, a shaky, deep breath aiding what was left of my nerves, I turned my attention back to the fight.
The other Gods were still going strong, and it was clear our side was winning. Hope blossomed inside me again as I edged around the front of the throne to get a better view of everyone. 
Bright light, accompanied by an earth shattering crash, washed out the entire room, knocking me to the floor and bringing the first pause since the battle started. When my eyes finally adjusted, and the silence in the room remained, I sat up, turning my gaze to the two kings. Kronos lay on his back, his weapon out of reach, while Zeus held a lightning bolt to his neck. 
Everyone froze as they looked on, waiting for Zeus to deal the final blow. 
“You should die for what you have done here,” he growled as Hades came forward with the blade dipped in the River Styx. 
Suddenly, Kronos dissolved into a black mist, catching Zeus by surprise. For a second, no one could see where he had disappeared to. I stood, my eyes scanning the room like the others. 
“Go ahead and throw that bolt now, son!” A hand grabbed me from behind and spun me around. Kronos had materialized right behind me—I was now his shield. He lifted me into the air by my throat, exactly as he had when he kidnapped me. Fear and panic seized my heart once more as my airway was cut off.
I clawed at his hands, beginning the all too familiar battle for air. Little red dots burst in my eyes as darkness threatened to take over. My neck wound burned, and I imagined it widening as my skin stretched from the pull of gravity. In spite of the roaring sound in my ears, I could hear every word being said.  
“You’re weak, Zeus!” Kronos spat out. “You can’t even protect that which you hold most important! You’re not fit to run this kingdom! You stole it from me before, and I take it back now. You may have made it home, but you will not have the satisfaction of winning today. Olympus is mine, as is the girl’s life!” 
His jaw opened wide, teeth gleaming in the light as he prepared to swallow me. I couldn’t breathe, let alone think straight, but something in me jumped into action. I did the only thing I could think of and kicked him as hard as possible in the groin. 
With a roar of fury, he jerked me back, lessening his grip and giving me some much needed air. Feet flailing, trying to use the moment to escape, I clawed at his hands once more. Fury rolled off Kronos as the grip around my windpipe crushed down once more and he held me at a greater arm’s length. Lights popped in my eyes and, again, I knew the end was near. Suddenly, lightning shot between the two of us, striking Kronos square in the chest and knocking him from his feet. I wriggled away from his grasp just in time—Zeus leapt forward, burying his sword in Kronos’s shoulder. 
I crawled over to Nike, still chained to the wall, and crumpled in a heap, barely holding on to consciousness. My wounds had reopened, blood running from so many places it was impossible to distinguish which spots were bleeding the worst. The skin on my throat burned and felt like it had been stretched too far. Dizziness threatened to pull me under, but I was determined to witness what happened next. 
“You sicken me,” Zeus said. “Using Karly—a mortal—as a shield! I can’t even comprehend what kind of God would do that.” 
“Zeus,” Kronos rasped out. 
“No! You do not get to speak!” Zeus roared, holding the poisoned blade to his neck. “You will be taken back to Tartarus to await trial. My brothers and I will decide your sentence. Until then, you and your followers can rot there. It may be a while,” he sneered. 
“You can’t do that!” Hera screeched as she fought against her captor, Poseidon. 
“Watch me,” Zeus growled. 
The offending party evaporated into a mist, much like Kronos had done before, but I knew they were going to Tartarus—the Gods Prison. 
“Cutting it close there, eh Zeus? That wasn’t the punishment I’d hoped for,” Hades drawled as he walked towards the throne, his fire whip slowly fading away. 
Zeus ignored him, instead turning to Nike and myself. 
“Someone please release Nike and tend to her wounds,” he said as he moved forward. When he reached me, he gathered me into his arms and carried me out of the room, into one the many connecting halls. Zeus remained silent, looking ahead as he walked down the endless, door-filled corridor. My skin prickled against his cold armor, but his warm, bare shoulder offered my pounding head the comfort it was seeking. Now that the battle was over, I felt so incredibly tired. Every part of me ached, half of me was bleeding, and I just wanted to lie down and sleep. 
We reached the entryway Zeus wanted—though I had no idea how he told them apart—and entered the room behind it. Once inside, he closed the door softly behind us and stood me on the floor, steadying me by holding onto my hips. 
My dizziness increased when his lips met mine with a crushing force. If it hadn’t been for his tight hold on me, I would have collapsed at his feet. His frame shook as he kissed me over and over again, trailing his lips across my cheeks and eyelids with desperation I’d never felt from him before.
His armor evaporated as he pulled me against him with one arm, running his fingers through my hair with the other. The cut on my head stung when he touched it and the smallest of whimpers escaped my mouth, causing him to pause. I could feel the anger, hurt, and fear coming from him as he moved on but remained silent about my condition. Relaxation settled into my bones as kisses were feathered over my face and down my neck, lips lightly brushing the cut there.
His mouth returned to mine frantically. He held on to me like he was afraid I would disappear, his caresses too much for me to handle. 
I quickly became breathless and he pulled away, his eyes locked with mine. 
“Karly.” His voice broke as he spoke, the emotions inside him battling to be manifested in more than just his body language. “I’m so sorry. This is all my fault. I can’t believe I let this happen to you.” 
“You didn’t do any—“
“I did, Karly. I didn’t warn you, and I wasn’t there when you needed me. This is my fault.”
“If I hadn’t run away I wouldn’t—"
“If I’d explained better, or shared my secrets sooner, you wouldn’t have felt like you needed to run.” His eyes were full of sorrow. “I’m so sorry, Karly.” 
“I’m sorry, too,” I whispered. 
“You have no idea what it was like, realizing you were gone. First I was angry, but then . . . a dream. Morpheus came to me in a type of day dream, showed me that you were on Olympus and hurt. The Fates confirmed it and I . . . I was scared. I didn’t know if I could go back, if there was any way for me to bend the rules and save you. I knew I had to try, though.” He pulled me closer, resting his chin on my head. 
“You looked so horrible in the vision. I was scared you’d die before I could get to you. Kronos was going to kill you, and if that happened, it would destroy me. I was afraid of living without you, so whatever I needed to do, I would do it.
“Everything was open to me like I’d never been banished, though. Nine years of being shut out of my home and suddenly, I could do whatever I wanted again. It was like . . . getting dressed in the morning—completely familiar. As soon as I realized, I came right here.
I knew it was bad—that Kronos had already conquered the gods still here. In another time, I probably would have waited, biding my time until he became weak. Now, there was you, and I couldn’t let him take you from me. 
“When I walked in and saw you there, seconds from death, something broke free in me. I’ve never fought with that much strength of purpose before. And now, I feel it’s a miracle to have you here in front of me, alive.” 
He stepped away from me then, looking at the ground. 
“I won’t make you stay with me,” he said softly. “I know I lied and really hurt you but, I told the truth when it mattered. And that should count for something.” He turned away from me, folding his arms across his blood-spotted chest. Everything was still for a moment as I stared at his back, a dorky smile on my face. 
“You don’t have to stay there, you can go!” He didn’t turn, pain laced through his forceful exclamation. 
“I love you,” I said simply. 
He spun around, shock and disbelief etched into his face. Clearly, he had not been expecting that. 
“I don’t know why you’re so surprised,” I mused. “I’m sure you suspected as much when you had no trouble getting here. That’s proof you love me too. You’re not going to get rid of me that easy, not after everything we’ve been through today.” I walked over and wrapped my arms around his neck, pulling his shocked face closer to mine. 
“I love you more than I thought possible. When I saw you playing in the backyard on Thanksgiving, I knew. I knew you were my guy and that I would never want another my entire life. When I finally realized you really were a God, I loved you that much more for telling the truth. And, heaven help me, your awful singing makes me happy. You make me happy. And I love that. I just love you. I love you more than the air I breathe or the earth I live on. I even love you more than thunder loves lightning!” 
A wide grin broke across face as he wrapped his arms around my waist. 
“You mean it?” he asked. 
“One thousand percent,” I laughed. 
“Marry me then.” 
The biggest smile I’d ever worn appeared on my face, and before I could answer, his soft lips met mine. A dull heat began to form in the pit of my stomach as he pushed me up against the door, his fingers twisting into my hair.
He nipped my bottom lip with his teeth and slipped his tongue inside, exploring first my tongue and then every inch of my mouth. Slowly his hands slid down my sides, careful to avoid the cuts on my arms, and gripped my waist, pulling me closer and crushing me into the door at the same time. 
His lips caressed every inch of my face and brushed down my neck, pausing for a second to nibble on my ear. I sighed contently, enjoying being with him again.
Deciding to test my strength, I put my pain out of mind and kissed him back, hard. The heat turned into a roaring fire. Surprisingly, I felt like I was the one in control. Through the dizziness, I pushed him backward, towards the bed in the middle of the room. Stumbling and gasping, we kissed each other like never before, our bodies tangled together as one. The back of his legs hit the magnificent four poster and we tumbled over. 
It was apparent we were going to end up with our clothes off if I didn’t act quickly. Hating that I was killing the mood, I whispered softly, “Zeus, I’m hurt. I can’t now. Later, yes, but not now. Besides, I don’t want you covered in my blood.” 
He responded by softening his kisses, rolling until I was under him, and then sliding back down to the floor. 
“Let me make you better then,” he said, placing a sweet kiss on my ankle. I giggled, but my breath was soon taken away as he continued up both of my legs, kissing every inch. When he reached the hem of my shorts, he skipped over them and slid my bloody, torn shirt up a little, kissing my stomach and fueling the flight of butterflies. 
“You’re cheating,” I moaned. “I mean it; not now! I’m all gross!” 
“I know. I don’t care,” he mumbled, pulling my shirt back down and taking one of my hands. 
Kisses were feathered up my arm and down the other. Next, he moved his lips slowly over my collar bone and neck, leaving no spot untouched. Kisses showered my face before my begging finally got me a kiss on the mouth. 
My strength was fading quickly, aided by his wonderful attack, but I kissed back with everything I had. His teeth caught my bottom lip, tugging softly, my back arching in an attempt to keep him there. A low growl broke through him, and his lips attacked mine again, adding to the bruises I already had. Every second was pure bliss. 
Finally, when my arms felt like fifty pound weights and sleep threatened to swallow me, he stopped his ravaging and rolled over to lie next to me.
“I love you,” I said as I drifted away.
He pulled away enough to look me in the eyes and smiled. 
“Marry me, Karly. Be my wife and stay with me forever.” 
“I will.”


Chapter Twenty-Three


“I really am very sorry. I’d hoped the nightmare would scare you enough to wake you and make you want to run.” Morpheus spoke quietly, barely above a whisper, his wings folded meekly behind his bare chest. He stayed on the other side of the room, next to the door, as if he were afraid to come any closer. 
“It’s fine,” I assured him once again from my bed. “I know you were trying to help and I’m greatly appreciative.” 
“We both are,” Zeus said from his chair next to me. “Who knows what would have happened if you hadn’t taken action—Kronos could have killed Karly in her sleep just like in the dream.” A soft smile graced his face as he took my hand in his, leaning against the side of the bed to kiss my forehead. 
“Again, thank you, Morpheus,” I said warmly.
“It was all I could do at that point,” he shrugged, sliding his hands into the pockets of his black jeans. 
“It was much more than that.” Zeus stood, moving towards him, a smile of gratitude on his face. “I would like for you and your father to come back to Mount Olympus.” 
“Back?” I asked, confused. 
“Long ago, my father angered our mighty King,” he nodded his head in respect to Zeus before continuing. “Because of what happened, he was banished and warned that he would be killed if he ever came back.” 
“Zeus,” I said, horrified. “How could you do such a thing?” 
“You mustn’t hold it against him,” Morpheus said, hints of the first smile I’d seen appearing on his face. “He was a different person then. You have done much to better him, if you don’t mind my saying.” 
“It’s true, it’s true!” Zeus laughed, clapping a hand onto Morpheus’s shoulder. “I apologize for my hasty judgments. Please, accept my apology and return home, to your family.” 
“Thank you,” Morpheus said, slipping from under Zeus’s grasp. “But it is much easier to work with dreams where we are now. My father is very old and sick as well—I will extend your invitation to him, but I’m certain we will stay where we are.” 
“If you are sure,” Zeus said after a moment. “But you are always welcome here.” 
“Thank you.” Morpheus bowed his head, moving to open the door. “I imagine Karly needs her rest, and my father will be waiting for me.” 
“Thank you,” I said once more.
“Safe journeys, my friend.” Zeus returned to his seat at beside me as Morpheus left, the door clicking shut softly behind him.
“Do you think he could tell?” I giggled 
“Tell what?” Zeus said, taking my hand once more. 
“That we’re engaged!” I was on cloud nine, despite everything that had happened. 
“How could he tell? You’re not even wearing a ring,” he laughed. “Besides, it’s not official until I get down on one knee.” 
“Sure it is,” I said, tugging on his hand until he crawled up onto the bed with me. 
“Well, it doesn’t count to me until then.” Wrapping his arms around me, he placed a kiss on my lips and pulled the blanket higher up around me. “Now, go to sleep. Morpheus is right, you need your rest.” 

 “Yeah, Mom. I know, I should have woke you up before we left, I’m sorry. I’ll remember if there’s ever a next time. Love you too.” 
I clicked the cell phone shut, a massive sigh blowing through my lips. 
“Were you talking to your mom?” Zeus asked as he came through the door, a breakfast tray in his hands. 
“Yes. She was upset that we left without telling her—understandably—but I think it will blow over fine.” Smiling, I sat up higher in bed, gladly accepting the tray of food and kiss that Zeus presented. 
“What did you tell her happened?” he said, stealing a piece of toast off my tray and flopping onto the bed next to me. 
“Roommate emergency,” I replied through a mouth of food. “She thinks Jessie and her sisters were in a car accident, but that they’re fine.”
“Why didn’t you tell her the truth?” He moved in closer, resting his head on my shoulder. 
“I will, eventually. I’m just not ready yet.” I laid my fork down, having suddenly lost my appetite. 
“Hey,” he said, noticing my change in demeanor. Soft, comforting caresses moved down my arm. “The time will come. I’ll be there to help you, and everything will be fine.” 
“If you say so.” I snuggled closer to him, deeper into the bed. 
“How about some good news, to lighten the mood?” he spoke up again after a few moments of silence. 
“Lay it on me,” I sighed. 
“Alright,” he said, sitting up and moving the tray away. “Since I know how important school is to you, I called all of your teachers and asked about finishing the semester from home. Ironically, I told them you’d been in a car accident. After explaining that you were home recovering from multiple injuries, they all agreed to let you finish and receive full credit.” 
“That’s wonderful! I bet you used your usual charm to accomplish that,” I teased. 
“Maybe,” he laughed. “But, that’s not all.” 
“What more could there be?” I asked, raising my eyebrows at his secretive look. 
“It’s about the art show.”
“Did my painting win anything?” I inquired excitedly, sitting up all the way.
“No.” 
Disappointment radiated through me at his reply. Nodding, I laid back down, defeated. I couldn’t even win a prize at a school show. How did I ever think I could be a working artist? 
“It didn’t win anything because someone bought it.” 
Shooting back to a sitting position, mouth gaping open, I grabbed Zeus by the shoulders. 
“Are you serious?” His responding nod and smile was like a shot of adrenaline to my system. Laughter bubbled up inside me, breaking free the same time as my tears.
“Why are you crying?” Zeus said, concern etched on his face. 
“I’m a real, working artist!” I laughed, grabbing his hands. “It’s been my life’s dream, and it’s finally come true!” 
All of the schooling, all the practice, everything I’d gone through, hoping to realize my dream had been worth it. I didn’t need to live in San Francisco—I didn’t need to be anywhere but here with Zeus. 
“Who bought it?” My face felt like it was going to spit in half, the grin I wore was so huge. 
“I’m not sure,” he laughed. “But I can find out if you really want me to.” 
“I do! I want to thank them.” I couldn’t wait to tell my parents, to prove I was successful. 
Crawling out from under the covers and swinging my legs over the side of the bed, I gingerly moved to grab clean clothes from my suitcase. Zeus had sent someone back to the hotel to get my things and make sure no one remembered I’d been there. 
“Whoa, hold on there!” He said, grabbing my arm and carefully pulling me back. “Where do you think you’re going?” 
“I can’t just lay around all day with news like this! I want to celebrate, call my parents, tell the whole world that I did it!” A struggle to escape his grasp ensued, ending with me back in bed, the covers pulled up to my chin. 
“It’s only been a few days, babe,” he said softly, fingers running through my hair. “You’re still hurt, you need to rest. The healers said you can’t go anywhere for at least a few weeks. We have to know you’re okay first.” 
“I feel fine,” I argued. “A little sore and tired, but I can handle it!” 
“I’m sure you think you can,” he said softly. 
“I know I can! Stop treating me like a child!” Anger rolled within me, fueled by my tired state. 
“Karly, calm down! I wasn’t trying to treat you like anything but yourself!” Zeus slid away from me in alarm, his hands held up in defense. 
“You’re acting like I’ll explode into a million pieces if I get out of bed!” I yelled. 
“You almost died!” he roared back. “Do you know how that makes me feel? To wake up one morning and have you gone? Then, I discover that, not only did you run off, but my biggest enemy has captured you and plans to publicly sacrifice you! My heart stopped beating at the thought! Every minute, every second after that was like an eternity—time spent thinking I was too late, that I was going to live the rest of forever without you. When I saw that you were alive, I fought as hard as I could.”
“And you saved everyone, I know, I was there!” It wasn’t fair for him to be yelling at me like this. He’d basically said this before anyway. 
“You didn’t see you though! You didn’t see the blood covering every inch of you, or the glass stuck in your skin. You didn’t see the cut on your neck that could’ve ended you. You didn’t see the love of your life dangling in the air, halfway strangled to death, while your own father readied a killing blow!” 
My mouth popped open in shock. I’d never thought of how seeing me in that state would have affected him. He seemed so strong and sure of everything he did. Was it possible that he was scared of things too? 
“I almost lost you, Karly,” he said, his voice getting softer, pleading. “It was happening right in front of my eyes, and I could hardly do anything about it. This I can do. I can make sure you stay in bed, rest, and get better the right way. Please, let me do that.” He sighed, laying down on the bed and wrapping his arms around me.
“I’m sorry, I didn’t realize,” I whispered. “From now on, I’ll listen to what you say. If it’s that important to you, I can do it.” 
“Thank you,” he said, nuzzling his face into my hair. 

As the weeks passed, my wounds healed nicely. Luckily, I would only have a few scars that could easily be covered with makeup. True to my word, I’d followed all of Zeus’s instructions, but I was getting very restless. 
“Am I ever going to get to leave this room? I mean, I’m on Mount Olympus! If you’re going to keep me from walking around, couldn’t you at least get a wheelchair for me or something?” I laughed at Zeus’s pondering face. At least he’d let me start sitting in the chair beside the bed. I only had to complain about bed sores a million times before he finally said I could.
“You know,” he said, smiling as he came over and took my hands. “Christmas is next week. I seem to remember your parents expressing great desire for us to come spend it with them.” 
“That would be wonderful! When can we leave?” I didn’t care where we went, as long as it was out of this room. 
“Well, aren’t we eager?” He laughed. 
“I do miss them,” I said defensively. 
“I know you do,” he purred. The softest of kisses were placed on my forehead. “ You’re also strong enough to be out and about again. That’s why I thought we could leave now.” 
“Right now?” I jumped up, excitement racing through me like lightning. 
“Right now!” Zeus laughed, swooping in for another kiss on the lips. 
Quickly, I helped pack my suitcase, chattering endlessly about the holiday. 
“Are we going to tell them we’re engaged?” I asked as we left the room. 
“We will—at the right moment,” he said mysteriously. 
“How will I know when that moment is?” I laughed. 
“I’ll let you know.” He winked, grabbed my hand, and we were gone from that accursed room. 

“Merry Christmas!” I called, waving goodbye to Aunt Violet and her family as they drove away. 
“What a wonderful Christmas Eve party,” Mom said dreamily. “We had better get to bed so Santa can stop by!” 
“Mom,” I laughed. “You don’t have to do that.” 
“Do what?” she said innocently, slipping back inside, her festive sweater disappearing around the corner. 
“Humor your mother, Karly,” Dad chuckled as he followed her inside. 
“How was your walk with Dad?” I asked Zeus once we were inside as well. 
“It was nice,” he said nonchalantly. 
“Well, what did you talk about? Did you tell him about . . . you know . . . our news?” I practically bit my lip clean through in anticipation of his answer. 
“No, I didn’t. It didn’t feel like the right time.” He shrugged, walking down the hall to his room. 
“Wait!” I said, following after him. “When will it be the right time? I’m having a hard time keeping it bottled up!” 
Laughter filled the air as he grabbed me, our lips meeting in a sweet kiss. Hands caressed my arms, fingers swirling patterns on my skin. 
“We should go to bed—you know, for Santa,” he said as he broke away. 
“You’re so mean,” I giggled as he pushed me towards my own room. 
“Goodnight, my love,” he whispered softly.

“Karly, will you marry me?” 
I’d awakened that morning to blinking lights, fresh cinnamon scent, Dad’s doughnuts, presents under the tree, and the traditional glitter footprints left by “Santa.” It was all expected, right down to the box of oatmeal I got in my stocking every year. But this—my mother sobbing, aunts screaming over the speaker phone, Dad, who never cried, wiping a single tear from his cheek, and Zeus on one knee in front of me, a black box and diamond ring in his hand—I hadn’t seen this coming. Now I understood what he meant when he’d said a proposal wasn’t real until there was a ring. 
As I looked into the eyes of the man I loved more than anything or anyone in the room, I said the one thing my heart had been screaming since he first kneeled on the floor. 
“Yes!”

Epilogue

Zeus

Karly. 
I’d never been so happy to wake up and see someone in the bed next to me. 
The white silk sheets whispered over my skin as I quietly slid closer to her. Her warm, soft skin glowed in the morning light, like the rest of the room. Long, perfect hair fanned out over her pillow, framing her beautiful face. Her hands rested on her chest, holding the sheets there. I smiled at the glittering ring on her finger. 
She was so beautiful, my June bride walking down the aisle in her brilliant white gown, her father in his tux at her side. Not even Hades—who always had something negative to say to me—could find a single flaw with her as Poseidon and he stood by my side.
She’d cried as she danced with her father at the reception, hugging him tightly. I asked Mary to dance during that time, since I had no mother of my own. I truly felt like part of the family, celebrating a love that would last for an eternity.
After a cheerful goodbye, we left the reception and arrived at a much different, but equally significant, celebration. Twinkling lights wafted through the air above us, lighting the way to the shores of the River Styx. It was there that my family—the Gods of Olympus—welcomed Karly into their midst. Our hands were joined together in a sacred, everlasting vow, effectively crowning her as my Queen and a Goddess. 
Much eating, raucous music, and dancing followed as each deity presented their gift to us. At long last, the celebrations were over and we retired to our new home on Olympus. 
I grinned as I remember what happened then. Karly had been so nervous, staring at the white, silky, canopy bed. It was adorable. Trying to ease her anxiety, I circled my arms around her waist, moving her hair out of the way, and kissed the back of her neck. She melted at my touch, a sigh escaping her. It was all the encouragement I needed. 
I spun her around, my lips descending on hers like they were water and I was a man dying of thirst. My tongue slipped inside her mouth, re-exploring the joy I found there. A crushing embrace held me close, bodies pressing together. Breaking away from her mouth and moving on to her neck, my hands found the zipper of her dress, pulling it all the way down. Sliding the fabric off her shoulders, I slowly pushed her back onto the bed, laying myself on top of her. 
What happened next was beyond anything I could have imagined. It was different from my previous experiences—completely free of lust and full of love. When I looked at Karly in Vegas, it felt like my world had completely shifted, complying to anything she wanted. When I looked at her on our wedding night that feeling was magnified a thousand times. I was positive I would never want another woman for the rest of my life.
As I smiled down at my beautiful, sleeping wife, she sighed, rolling over, and opened her eyes to look at me. 
“Good morning,” I said softly, tucking a stand of hair behind her ear. 
“Good morning,” she said, smiling. “I love you, Zeus.” 
“I love you, too, Karly.” 
I had never known such happiness in my entire existence.


Sign up for the Kamery Solomon Books Mailing List and receive a FREE copy of 
Poseidon (The God Chronicles #2)! 

Click here to get started: www.kamerysolomonbooks.com

Keep reading for a short teaser from Poseidon as well! 


The storm beat against the tiny fishing boat, pushing men to their knees. Wind whipped the sails in every direction. Water poured over the sides and took the sailors to their deaths. The machinery on board swung around uncontrolled, with no one to call them to order. 
 I commanded the din of course—he was here, on the ship. It was easy to board in the chaos without anyone noticing. 
Fury and hatred crashed within me, like the waves of the sea, driving me forward to the murderer hidden below deck. 
Many lifetimes had passed since Odysseus killed my son and I’d failed in returning the favor. He’d made it back home to his wife and his journey became legend. 
He didn’t deserve such praise. 
Eventually he died and came back a reincarnation of sorts. I didn’t know how, or what God had deemed to torment me with him, only that he was back. 
I killed him, along with every other reincarnation that tried to sneak past me.
Amphitrite, the sea, had whispered to me when he was close this time. She was like a siren, using her powers to call me to arms again, to take down the murderer. I had more than death planned this time though.
I walked, sure footed, across the deck, while the swell picked the crew away like the mighty Kraken. Their screams were lost to me, last utterances of terror and prayers to other Gods. It was unfortunate that they served as accessories to one man’s demise, but they simply didn’t matter to me in that moment. 
Using my foot, I bashed the cabin door in, sending shrapnel every direction. 
The coward was huddling in a corner, praying for his life. 
“No one’s listening,” I said smoothly, pulling the knife from my belt. 
“What?” He looked at me in confusion and fear, water dripping off the hood of his rain jacket and into his eyes.
With victory so close, I triumphantly pulled a small glass vile from the pocket of the pants I wore and squatted down in front of him. 
“This is water from Mnemosyne’s well,” I began. 
“The Titan Goddess of memory?” He looked at me skeptically, apparently having forgotten the storm outside in his panic. 
“I see you found a brain this time,” I said smoothly. “Yes, memories. She was quite mad when she discovered I’d taken some, said something about making me pay or regret it, blah, blah, blah. This will be worth whatever she throws at me." 
My arm shot forward, grabbing the man’s jaw and forcing it open. His hands clawed at mine, a scream tearing from his throat, as I shoved the entire bottle into his mouth and forced it closed. Blood spilled from his lips as the sharp shards pierced into his skin.
I released him, shoving him down to the ground, and waited. It didn’t take very long for the magic to do its job. 
“Poseidon.” Recognition finally flickered in his eyes as the storm raged around us. Calm overtook the fear on his face and he relaxed. “Haven’t we done this enough yet? How many more times must I die before you forgive me?” 
“I will never forgive you,” I snarled. 
The blade ripped across his throat easily. It was only a few moments more before he lay lifeless on the floor in front of me. After I tossed him into the near typhoon around me, I smiled to myself bitterly.   
They’d never find the body. They’d be lucky if they found the boat. 
Acknowledgements

This book never would have entered into existence if not for my husband and a little movie magic. During one of our fantastic date nights, we watched a superhero movie at our local theatre. As I watched the various scenes unfold, I had a thought. Wouldn’t it be fun to write about the God of Thunder falling in love? Obviously, it couldn’t be Thor, who was already having major motion pictures made. When we left the theatre, I shared my musings with Jake, who immediately suggested Zeus. Boy, did I love that idea!
I ran lots of ideas past a lot of people, so I’d like to thank all of my family and friends in general. I’m sure I rambled on about Zeus quite a few times—you were all really helpful, even if you were listening to me talk to myself!
Thank you to everyone who helped watch my daughter while I worked. I would still be writing Zeus now if I hadn’t had your help!
And lastly, thank you to my editor, Irene. You helped make this what it is today, for which I am extremely grateful! You’ve taught me a lot and I plan on learning more from you in the future.

~ Kamery ~
About The Author



#1 Bestselling Genre Author, Kamery Solomon, has been delighting readers with her God Chronicles series, featuring modern day adaptions of Zeus, nominated for Book of the Year and Cover of the Year, Poseidon, Hades, Adrastia, & Exoria. Kamery has also wooed her readers with her #1 bestselling fantasy novella, Forever, and her contemporary favorites, Taking Chances and Watching Over Me. Her most recent blockbuster series and #1 bestseller in Time Travel Romance, The Swept Away Saga, has had readers captivated on the high seas of romance and adventure! Kamery currently lives with her beautiful family in The White Mountains of Arizona and can often be found singing something from a Broadway musical with her siblings.
www.kamerysolomonbooks.com 
