
God Bless America

By Khaleel Jooste
Copyright Khaleel Jooste 2021
Smashwords Edition License Notes:
This free e-book may be copied, distributed, reposted, reprinted and shared, provided it appears in its entirety without alteration, and the reader is not charged to access it.



Other books by Khaleel Jooste

Justin
https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/1066964

They
https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/1060873

Thank you Allah – Purpose 
https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/764583 

Thank you Allah – Patience 
https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/913811

Thank you Allah – Gratitude
https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/947424

Bismillah 
https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/902550 

Whisperers 
https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/414163
Connect with Khaleel Jooste via email
kritzmanjooste@gmail.com
Taken from
Thank You Allah
Contentment
I seek refuge with Allah from Satan the outcast and I begin in the name of
Allah,
The Most Gracious, The Most Merciful.

Ayat Al-Kursi 
The verse of the Throne
Allah - there is no deity except Him, the Ever-Living, the Sustainer of all existence. Neither drowsiness overtakes Him nor sleep. To Him belongs whatever is in the heavens and whatever is on the earth. Who is it that can intercede with Him except by His permission? He knows what is presently before them and what will be after them, and they encompass not a thing of His knowledge except for what He wills. His kursi extends over the heavens and the earth, and their preservation tires Him not. And He is the Most High, the Most Great.

Surah Al- Baqarah (The Cow) 2:255

As Allah wills

For You
Your friend
Khaleel








They ask you, [O Muhammad], about the Hour: when is its arrival? Say, "Its knowledge is only with my Lord. None will reveal its time except Him. It lays heavily upon the heavens and the earth. It will not come upon you except unexpectedly." They ask you as if you are familiar with it. Say, "Its knowledge is only with Allah but most of the people do not know."

Surah Al A’Raf (The Heights) 7:187

A man asked the Prophet (ﷺ) about the Hour (i.e. Day of Judgment) saying, "When will the Hour be?" The Prophet (ﷺ) said, "What have you prepared for it?" The man said, "Nothing, except that I love Allah and His Apostle." The Prophet (ﷺ) said, "You will be with those whom you love."

Narrated Anas
Sahih al-Bukhari 3688



“Ready?”
These words suddenly seem spoken so long ago that it didn’t matter anymore. So much happened since then that it had no connection to what was currently happening. 
Still, it was the only word that rang true.
For them, this whole journey has been strange.
Strange was not correct.
Weird was too out of place.
Wonderful took away the uncertainty they each felt.
It was an adventure though.
That they could both agree upon.
Now, here.
It suddenly felt it was coming to an end.
This made her wonder if what they did was right.
Did they make the correct choice?
Following that thing.
Was it an angel?
They could still not be sure.
She was confused.
He?
It made him sad.
They both got so used to being alone.
There.
Now they were here.
It was sad that that was over.
He got used to being just with her.
What was going to happen now?
Was she going to up and leave?
What if they have no choice except to part?
It makes him sadder.
Did they have to come here?
Was it necessary for them to be here?
The sense of no obligation had left them both.
Now, they felt as if they were responsible.
Responsible for something big.
Yes.
Ready?
That was all that rang true right at this moment.
Ready seems to have been spoken so long ago, though it was mere seconds ago and now it dawns on them that that word meant much more than gaining your composure and catching your breath.
No.
Ready meant are you willing to do what is necessary.
Are you ready to do what must be done?
Are you ready to give it all up?
For the sake of all good?
Are you ready to endure what will come?
After the jump?
When this all settles in, they turn and face each other.
The realization sets in.
She was not confused.
He was not sad.
Their surroundings were sad and confusing.
Their gifts have somehow been amplified here.
They were picking up what was going on around them.
They were more in tune.
Perhaps they were always like this.
Perhaps there was no sadness and confusion where they came from.
But here.
It was tangible.
They understood.
Are you ready?
They had a job to do.
An important task.
Their eyes meet.
Yes.
They were convinced.
They knew what they had to do.
“Are you ready?”


Inner world

“It’s hard to explain, but I will give it my best.” She shakes her head. “And mind you, we have no real evidence of this.” She smiles and shakes her head.
She makes eye contact with each of the members.
There were twelve.
Thirteen if you counted the lady that manned the snacks table. She was more curious about the things she heard, then handing out food and coffee.
“Most describe the inner world as if it is a dream. It seems real and also not real.” She tucks her brunette hair behind her ears. Her hair was loose and tumbling to the back. It had a bouncy curl. Her eyes were dark. It was accompanied by circles of blue purple and heavy tea bags.
She has not slept for more than a week.
She bites the corners of her fingers, the soft edges just below the nail.
“I’m not quite sure what to say, but there is a place where we all get together.” She nods her head.
“It is like a central place where we are all able to get together and we are all able and capable to see and discern the one from the other.”
She looks up and makes eye contact with the lady by the snacks.
She had a round, flat face. Her eyebrows were barely there. Perhaps they were actually tattoos. Her face was red from too much sun.
She was smiling intently.
Her words must be having some effect.
She looks down and goes quiet for a second.
“It’s weird. All of us gathered there together. We are all different and we exist as if we are independent of one another, but we also somehow know that we are intricately connected.”
She looks up. “You know?” She looks for some understanding. The faces were all blank though.
She bites her fingers more.
The index and middle finger of her right hand were bleeding under the finger nails.
“I don’t know how I will be able to make sense of any of this to anyone.”
She rolls her eyes and closes them. She takes a deep breath in.
Puts her fingers to the bridge of her nose and stays like that with her eyes closed for a while.
“Sometimes,” she shakes her head more. She opens her eyes. “Sometimes, we do not even know who is in charge. We like to believe that I am in charge, but up until a few days ago,” she shakes her head hard and fast, “we are not so sure.” 
She looks at the ceiling and fixes her eyes on one spot.
She takes a few deep breathes and remains like that for a while.
The frills on the edge of her black skirt was bouncing up and down. It was clear that her body was shaking and she was doing her best to remain calm. She tucked at her white turtle-neck top. 
The black girl sitting opposite her in the circle, wipes a tear from the corner of her left eye. This girl just wanted to exhale, but she couldn’t even get a breath in. This burden was so heavy on her that she was clearly suffocating.
The black girl was both sad and angry. Who would do such things to an innocent girl?
“I think I will go next,” she says. “Let Dolly regain her composure.” 
“If you don’t mind, I would prefer to stand and move around.” She gets off the chair and moves slightly to the center of the gathering.
Dressed in a grey hooded sweat top and sweat pants, she looks nervous as she starts. The soles of her black sneakers made soft squeaky noises as she kicks her leg back and forth.
“God forgive me…but… I am just so angry!” The lady by the snack table gets a big fright. She seizes what she was busy with and moves closer to the gathering. Standing behind the young boy that was closest to the exit.
“I am angry at all these atrocidies that are bein’ commidded and people just gettin’ away with it!” She turns a few times in the circle, before coming to a standstill right in the middle of the circle.
“How many more children have to be tortured before someone will intervene?” She covers her eyes with her right hand. She sniffles a bit and clears her throat. She takes out a tissue from her sweat top pocket and wipes the tears from her eyes.
“I promised myself that I will not get all emotional and lose control, but it is hard.” She takes a few breathes and walks in circles again, jumps up and down a bit. Slowly, she raises her head again.
“I was gonna talk about black lives matter and all that, but somethin’ has been eatin’ away at me and I think I must first talk about that.” She stops pacing. She returns to her chair. She does not sit down, rather takes a stance at the back of it, holding onto the back for support.
“I had things happen to me. Still not sure when it all started, but I was young, still in diapers.” She pushes down harder on the chair.
“My dad was an alcoholic. He would normally entertain his friends at our house. Mom was never really home, cause’ she had to work to support us. She worked as a maid. Cleanin’ people’s houses. Mostly white folk. It was not much money, but she could put food on the table.” She takes a deep breath.
“Anyway, dad would have his friends over. They would gamble and not, poker, whadeva. Times his friends would hold me in their laps.” She looks down.
“They would, do, stuff, you know.” She clears her throat. “Sometimes when dad was decent enough to change my dirdy diaper, his friends would come in and want to have a peek. Times dad was just too drunk to nodice what was goin’ on and they would just have their way with me.”
The snack lady was standing with her hand on her mouth. Dolly, was crying to herself. The old man sitting next to her, was patting her shoulder. He wore big, black rimmed glasses and wore a grey suit.
“I am not sure for how long this carried on. As I am standin’ here, I don’t have much recollection of any of it. At times I don’t feel that any of it happened to me. Like it was happenin’ to someone else. But it was me. That is what is true. I snapped. I fractured or whadeva you want to call it. Disassociaded. Mom says I started pretendin’ to be a princess at around five and I also had imaginary friends that I played with a lot. Only later did the therapist establish that it was a disorder. Multiple personalidy what not, DID.”
She slumps her shoulders and hides her face.
“A lot happened when I got older. I would sometimes collapse and have fits. No one could explain any of it. I never felt good about myself. My dad also said such cruel and mean things to me that just broke me.”
She shakes her head.
“You’re so ugly, there’s no way I am your father. Your mother must have messed around with some ugly mother f@cka. You ain’t my daughder.” She swallows hard.
“It’s why I get upset listenin’ to Dolly. This was my own family who did this. The ones that are supposed to take care of me and love me. What are strangers not gonna do? I feel sick to my stomach just thinkin’ about it.”
She sits down and doesn’t say anything further. 
For a moment everyone just sits in silence.
The atmosphere this evening has been very morbid. Like most nights when they get together to share.
They have nights that they share, nights that they compare, other nights where they celebrate and talk of overcoming the despair. Some nights they have guest speakers. Like tonight.
She was yet to address the group.
Slowly the obese, white man, next to the young boy near the exit, gets up. He tucks at his too small shirt; his belly remains exposed. He pulls at his pants, but it just slides back down. The man puts his arms over his belly as if to hide it.
“I will go next. Thank you to everyone for sharing your stories. Ashley, Genene, Sean, Trey, Dolly… Nicky.” He takes a deep breath in.
“Nothing much has changed for me. I mean since I last spoke to you a couple of weeks ago.” He wipes the sweat off his forehead.
“I still can’t get myself to stop eating. The last time I binged was last night. I had a couple of burgers, fries, a whole bucket of chicken, I had a whole tub of ice cream, a few bags of crisps, five large candy bars.” He looks down.
“I washed that all down with one, maybe two gallons of soda. The sugar free one.” He laughs to himself. “Just sounds so silly, to be eating all of that, but having sugar free drinks.” He laughs more.
“Anyway. It was all just the same. I felt so disgusted after eating it all. I ask myself why did I have to eat all of it. I mean, literally eat it all with nothing left. Couldn’t I just have one of each and be satisfied?” He shakes his head. He keeps biting down on his upper lip.
“Lately things have been different. My body is really starting to take a toll. I find it hard to move, everything hurts. I am constantly just tired. I know I should exercise and stop eating so much, but in spite of that I just keep on eating and I keep on eating and I keep on eating. I get so full and uncomfortable, but still I want to keep eating and eating and I just want to eat.”
He doesn’t look at anyone. Just makes pointless efforts to close his exposed belly.
“The other day, I was thinking, perhaps I should eat, then stick my finger down my throat and just throw it all up. I could then at least stop myself from gaining more weight. Still enjoy the food. I was really going to do it, but I guess I am not crazy enough yet. Vomiting is not a nice thing. Things go down the wrong holes, the smell, the sore throat. I’d rather not have to deal with that. But I really wanted to do it. Some part of me stopped me. What if you develop another disorder on top of this like bulimia or something?” He laughs.
“I know it’s nothing funny or to laugh about.” He clears his throat. “I… I just don’t know what to say. Why do I eat? I am sad, I am lonely, I am scared, I am anxious and nervous, I feel worthless. The fat just makes me so much more insecure. I don’t want to be around people. I don’t want to see my so called friends, ‘cause I don’t want them to see how much fatter I am getting. I don’t want to see the judgement in their eyes. Or the imaginary judgement because my weight is always the only thing on my mind, perhaps another person thinks nothing of me being so fat. It is only me concerned with it and me making it seem that others are concerned with it. I am so messed up and crazy.”
He steps side to side before standing still, tucking at his shirt and pants.
“I don’t want to eat with my family, because I am embarrassed. I prefer to eat alone, so I wait for everyone to go to bed. I don’t want to eat homemade meals, I prefer to have the labgrown meats, the modified vegetables. I know these burgers and fries are manufactured in a lab, I know it is not good for me. I know it tastes the same and all, but it can’t be good for me. Simply replicating a taste, or texture or adding the same minerals does not make something wholesome and real. But still I eat it and prefer it. I just want it. I want it so badly sometimes.”
He looks at Dolly. She was still crying. Nicky was crying too.
“I just don’t know. My worry now is my weight and what am I gonna do about it. Diseases, diabetes, cholesterol, my heart and liver can’t keep up. I am sure nothing can happen until I get my eating under control. That means to get the reason for eating under control or deal with it, whatever it might be. I am just not happy. I must get myself into a state of being content and satisfied with my life. It’s either that or I must get some money so I can get some lipo done. Get all this fat just cut away. So lame, right. Put it back on and have it cut away again. Stuff myself and stuff myself more. I’m sorry, I really have nothing positive to say in this sharing session. I intend to go stuff my face with some ribs, burgers and fries, soon as I leave here. I’m out.” He sits down.
The room remains silent. There are just somber sniffles and soft crying can be heard. The group leader gets up and clears his throat. He was dressed in a grey shirt, faded jeans and comfortable shoes. He wore spectacles.
“Thank you, Rick. I can relate to all the things you shared. And together we will find a way forward to help us come to terms with our lives.” He nods his head as he keeps his focus on Rick. Rick briefly makes eye contact but then just stares at the floor again.
“Well, I guess our guest speaker can take the floor, unless anyone else has something they wish to share?” He looks about the room. 
There is soft mumbling and whispers.
Just as he was about to start talking again, the young boy by the exit gets up.
“I… I’ll share… if that is okay with you, Carlos. And everyone.” He pulls the cuffs of his black sweater top past his fingers. He was dressed in black jeans and black sneakers. He wore a black hoodie.
Carlos sits down.
“Well, I almost left you all.” He nods his head as he scans the room quick, before focusing on the floor again. He grips his sweater cuffs and balls a fist.
“This time I cut too deep. They found me past out on the floor. I was rushed to the ER. Had it been any longer I would have bled out.” He kicks the heel of his left shoe with his right.
“Not sure if that was such a good thing, being saved I mean. Perhaps death would have put me out of my misery.” His voice was hoarse and strained.
“That day I just wanted to feel better. I’m not suicidal. Sure life sucks. Life sucks big time. Can you all not see the lollipops? It just sucks.” He swallows hard. Takes a deep breath and sighs.
“Despite that, I still sort of, want to live. But everything is hard. That day I tried so hard, but as always, as per usual, like freakin’ clock work, it all just came crushin’, crashin’ and bustin’ down on me. That look.” He closes his dark eyes.
He keeps quiet for a few seconds.
It was like the whole room took a deep breath and just waited to exhale. It was not easy.
“I try not to let it get to me. After all these years, one would think that it shouldn’t bother me, that I should be used to it by now, but freakin’ no, I am not. I just freakin’ hate it. I hate him. I freakin’ hate him so much. I wish he would just die and get out of my life. Why are things so freakin’ unfair. I didn’t ask for any of it. My body is so full of cuts, a lot of them scars now. I cut between my thighs last. That’s when I almost left. I felt, just better. Whether it’s the hormones or just bleeding I freakin’ ain’t sure. All I know is the hurt just flows out of me. The pain and numbness goes away. My attention is focused not so much on him. I wish he would just die.”
He remains quiet for a moment. Stairs at the ceiling with his hands to his side.
“I haven’t cut myself since that night, yet. That was about a week ago. He hasn’t been around. Guess that’s why. Freakin’ left the day after the night I was rushed to the ER. Couldn’t be bothered with me. I’m his big disappointment.”
He sits down. “Word.”
The room was quiet.
Here and there you could still hear sniffling, a chair screeching.
The lady by the snack table gives a sad stare at the young boy. She shakes her head and turns to face the door.
Her left hand goes to her eyes.
After a few seconds she turns back and just fiddles with the food on the table.
Carlos gets up.
“Thank you, Ashley.” Carlos breaths in hard.
He was at a loss for words, that was clear.
He clears his throat.
“Well, I guess we have heard enough for this evening. I would now like to welcome our guest and she may take it from here. You all should know her,” he looks at everyone in the room,” yes, you were all present when she spoke last time. Such an inspirational woman. Maryam, the floor is yours.” He sits back down.
Maryam gets up and walks to the center of the circle. She was dressed in blue today; blue head-scarf, blue top and dress, as she moved, you could just see her black, flat shoes.
“Thank you, Carlos. And thank you all for having me here today.” She turns in a circle as she acknowledges everyone present.
She tucks at her scarf and clears her throat.
“I thank God for this opportunity. I thank God for this moment, to be here, with all you beautiful people. I am humbled and grateful. May He guide me and help me. I have so much to share with you today.” She looks to the ground and then back up.
“I begin with the name of my God. And I begin by telling you, that I am quite nervous.” She shakes her head and makes eye contact with a few of the people, before she settles her gaze on Rick. 
“I don’t feel too confident today. I haven’t really felt very confident for, what, a few weeks now.” She keeps looking at Rick.
Rick had a somber look on his face, but he maintains eye contact.
“As you can see, I am a curvy, big girl,” she smiles. “Some days my weight bothers me less than other days, some days it bothers me not at all. But now, it is. I feel so vulnerable. That even a look, or just one wrong word, can make me crumble and fall to pieces.” She smiles at Rick, then turns.
Rick pays more attention.
“I feel it is wrong for me to stand here and speak, when I know such intimate details about your life and you barely know anything about me.”
She puts her arms to her side.
“Before I begin to say what I want to say, I would like to share with you, a bit, bits and pieces of my life.” She takes a deep breath.
“Peace and blessings be upon our prophet, sallallahu alayhi wa sallam. Before my parents immigrated to America, a very long time ago, we used to live in India. My mom is actually from England. My dad was born in India. I was born in Calcutta. Now I think it is Kolkata. Anyway, the first years of my life was back there. I think we left when I was nine years old.” She shakes her head.
“Was I glad we left. Was I glad we left. Was I glad we left.” She looks down.
“I have a lot of aunts and uncles. Thank God that they are back there and not here. I don’t think I could bare to look at any of them if they were up in my face back here. And to be honest, I don’t think, as bold as I am now, as grown as I am now, that I would be able to keep quiet around them anymore.” She nods her head.
“I can’t really say when the touching started, but I recall from the age of perhaps three or four. A few of my uncles are definitely pedophiles. But the main perpetrators were my aunts.” She looks at Dolly and then Nicky. 
“They would touch me and do things to me. I was never hurt. I felt pleasure from what they were doing. It was our secret. As I got older, I just somehow always felt that it was wrong. This in itself, perverted me. During my rebel years, I would experiment with women, make out and that. During that time, I thought perhaps I liked women. But I always said I was bisexual. Growing up Muslim, this made my life very hard.” She looks at Justin and smiles.
Justin returns her smile. 
Justin spoke earlier that evening. 
“Anyway, because of this ambivalence and confusion and shame, I acted out a lot. I didn’t always cover myself up like I do now. My head was always uncovered. I shaved off my hair and I even had a boys cut for quite a while. You have no idea how angry this made my parents, especially my dad. Hair was the pride of a women and more than that, I shouldn’t be showing it off like I was. Did you think I was bothered to listen to him preaching? No, not at all. I was a rebel and I was going to live my life the way I wanted to. I wasn’t going to sit cooped up in our house, smiling at everyone, dolled up like a voiceless princess, covered from head to toe.” She laughs. 
She looks at Ashley.
“I can laugh about it now, but back then I was actually very serious about what I did and said.” Ashley made eye contact with her.
His dark eyes were actually dark brown and not black.
“I felt numb. I felt a lot of pain. I blamed my dad for a lot of this.” She nods her head, as she maintains eye contact with Ashley. He was immersed in what she was sharing.
“Why did he leave me alone with these people back in India, to endure this? Why was he never home and always on some business trip, whether that be in England or America? I felt he didn’t take care of me, the way I was supposed to be taken care of. I also felt like I disappointed him. This made me more insecure and made me blame myself a lot.” She sighs.
“You probably won’t believe me, but I have a few tattoos. A lot actually. And no, I am not going to show you any of them,” she scoffs. “But yes, I do. They are all, on different parts of my body. Most hidden, some exposed. It was an act of rebellion, but mostly, it was to feel something.” She smiles at Ashley.
“When I got the tattoos. The needle piercing my skin, over and over. That made me feel good. I didn’t feel so empty. I didn’t feel so numb. It also made me focus my pain away from my mind. It really served me well. Served me well for a long time. I looked forward to every tattoo I got. I looked forward to that needle piercing my skin.” She turns her head to the side as she says that. Tears flow down her face as she kept looking at Ashley.
She wipes them away and then turns.
“Such a lot was going on with me. Where do I even start with what I have to say. I too had imaginary friends. But later I found that they were not imaginary friends at all. These things I were seeing, were real.” She nods her head and acknowledges each one of them as she kept turning.
“No one believed me. No one believes me even now. They called me crazy. They had me see, sooooooo many psychologists, psychiatrists, shrinks. I was medicated a lot. These medications just made me feel worse and made me see more of these things. Those drugs did me no good. Not at all. It was more a curse, than anything. The only thing that sort of made me relax was a nice fat joint.” She makes a gesture with her fingers to her mouth. “Puff, puff, pass.” She nods her head. The smile was still there.
“They had me committed to a mental joint for quite a big part of my life. It was the most horrifying experience of my journey. That place, those people, they didn’t serve me. They rather served the system and served others. I do not wish to dwell on this, because that is not my purpose here today. Thank God that my mom persuaded my dad to get me out of there.”
She sighs and looks about the room.
“So, that is a bit of me. I can really relate to all of you, in some way. That is because we are all human and we behave as humans. The best way in which we are able.”
She turns and looks at Carlos.
“How then did I come from all that to this person you see in front of you today? All covered up, you can barely see my feet. Only my face and hands.” She lifts her hands.
“It was God. It was the Quran. Nothing else.” She smiles.
“If you would just read the Quran, with an open heart and an open mind, the truth will reveal itself to you. That is just the truth. If you believe in God that is. The true God. The Creator of heaven and earth. The Creator of you and me. The One that only wants what is best for you. If you believe in Him, your whole life will begin to make sense. It will begin to have a tangible purpose. You will have a direction and not be and feel lost anymore. You will not feel as lonely anymore. I still feel alone sometimes. Because I am human. No matter who you are, each human just wants some human connection.” She sighs.
“But with God, He will provide you with the right humans to be in your company. He will make you love in the right way. In the right proportions. Because our hearts are not meant for other humans or anything in this creation. Our hearts are meant for Him.”
She focuses on the lady by the snack table.
“I met this great lady, here in America. She is a revert. I choose to use the word revert, rather than convert. Why? Because when we are born, we are all Muslims. There is a stigma surrounding this word Muslim. A bad stigma, a bad impression. Those who serve the system makes every effort to encourage this. Make Islam out to be a religion that breeds terrorists. And I am not here to tell you that there are not Muslims who go around being extreme. These definitely do exist. But that does not mean that all Muslims are like that. That does not mean that that is what Islam is about.”
She gestures no with her head.
“When we are born, we are all born Muslim. The true meaning and essence of the word Muslim means to submit, surrender, to the will of God. You are in perfect submission to God when you are born. You cry. It is a submission to His will. He makes you cry. Everything about you as a baby is according to His will. Here I mean the things you do as a baby and as a young child. That is why all children are carefree and speak only the truth. Unless they, like me, have had to grow up quickly. But we all find the spirit of the young child beautiful, because the child is in surrender to and with God. Once the parents start instilling religion and beliefs upon the child, that is when the child changes, converts away from the state of being Muslim, away from surrender. If the child’s parents are Christian, the child will then start to adopt Christian beliefs, for example. This includes Muslims, if they are Muslims that are Muslim in name only. Some Muslims are all about culture and do not follow Islam, for example. And so we can then talk about any other religion that is out there.”
She keeps her gaze on the lady at the snack table.
The woman was focused on her as well.
“Anyway, it was with this revert, that I finally had an interest in Islam. Before that, it was just a whole lot of ritual. I must say this when I do that, I must make salaah, pray, a bunch of moves up and down, fast during the day of Ramadaan, sleep,” she rolls her eyes, “then have a feast at night. I was in Mecca many times with my folks for Umrah, small pilgrimage. It was just so easy for us to go, because dad has lots and lots of money.” She shakes her head. “What I am saying is, Islam meant nothing to me. It did nothing for me. To be quite honest, I hated it. My family played a huge part in me hating it. More than anything, why did Allah make these things happen to me. What God allows this?” Her eyes were imploring as she looks about the room, focusing on each member of the group.
“I found my answer with this lovely lady. I feel it important to mention she is a proud, white American. But she is Muslim. A true Muslim. As a Muslim is supposed to be. And she is just beautiful.” She smiles again.
Maryam walks over to Dolly, she puts her arm on her shoulder and turns to face the others.
“The first thing she gave me, was an English Quran. Yes,” she shakes her head and rolls her eyes, “no English Quran really exists, but let’s not get all technical now. It was an English version that I could read.” She keeps gently squeezing Dolly’s shoulder.
“It never before that day occurred to me that perhaps I need to understand this Arabic Quran that I sometimes heard my father and uncles recite, or what I heard in the streets or on the tv or radio. Before this, it never did.”
She turns and fills the gap between Nicky and Dolly, facing the others.
“She started explaining to me, to me, about the salaah. How the quantity means nothing if the quality of one is of no good. I didn’t know it was meditation, me actually connecting to Allah. Me ascending these seven heavens and appearing at His feet, Him ready to hear, to listen and to respond. Salaah to me was just really a form of exercise, move up and down and say this and just get it over with. It was an annoying part of my day and I had to get myself wet when I didn’t want to, just, just in order to do it, just to salaah.”
She stares at Sean. He was certainly an interesting looking guy. Seems like he was in his late thirties, early forties. Dreadlocks. He was focused on Maryam.
“But once I started focusing and paying attention to what I was saying, and also understanding what I was saying, I started experiencing things differently. My life started changing. I started to look forward to salaah.” She smiles at Nicky, glances at Genene and then rests her gaze on Sean again.
“Most importantly, this lady started telling me about Allah, and that He was all about love. This entire creation is one beautiful love story.” She narrows her eyes as she maintains eye contact with Sean.
“Can you imagine?” Her eyes were asking him.
She looks at Carlos and says. “I always just saw Allah as this punisher and I am going to be punished and I am going to end up in the hell fire, and scorch there. Forever. And ever. My aunts were always quick to remind me of that. It was also a way to keep me quiet about their unwelcoming, wandering hands. Yip.” 
Maryam moves away from Dolly and Nicky and goes to the center of the room again.
“She started telling me about the human personality. And that is where everything became much more interesting and it is what I would like to share with you today. I have spoken so much already, but only now am I getting to what I want to discuss with you all today. I hope you have benefitted, even a little, from what I have said so far. Even if it is just to know that you are not alone.” She takes a deep breath in.
“I feel much less nervous. I thank each of you for that. Thank you.” She smiles. 
“Anyway, this is getting back to what I spoke about last time when I was here. That day the room was packed.” She puts her hand to her mouth and shakes her head from side to side.
“I hope it helps each of you, this, what I am going to tell you.” She puts her right hand across her heart.
She softly clears her throat. “The human personality. So interesting. And God tells us about it. How He fashioned it and how you should be going about using it. Doesn’t it just make sense that the Creator knows best how this body and everything about it should function? What each part’s purpose is?” She stares at Sean.
“The human personality consists of the ruh, qalb and nafs. Lots of strange words perhaps, but the ruh is your soul, the soul that God blew into Adam. Lots of dispute whether this soul is created or actually a part of God himself. Anyway, lets stick to that it is a creation of Allah. A creation of God. This part of us, is the main feature of this love story, of the purpose of this creation. God wants this soul to know Him. He wants this soul to get to know who and what God is.”
She nods and smiles. “It’s beautiful, really.”
She turns again, facing Ashley.
“All the things around us, all the things the senses are able to experience, whether it be, smell, touch, sight, sound, this all impacts the mind, and that impacts the qalb, your heart. Our intelligence through these senses should tell us that God exists and love for Him should start to grow in our hearts and that makes the soul to grow and it experiences God more and more. That is its purpose. The soul must dominate the human personality. Then the qualities of God start to emulate through the human personality. We become as God intended us to be.” She nods yes.
“If however, the nafs are in charge, the heart darkens, the soul weakens and the self takes charge of the human personality. Nafs, this animal part of us. It takes care of hunger, thirst, procreation, and basically makes sure we do not die. So it is not anything evil. But if it is out of control, it can take us towards greed, gluttony, godlessness. If it is out of control, it thinks only of itself and its wants, not even needs. It only thinks of its own desires. I am what matters. No one else matters. So it is away from God and unlike God, the human personality that is dominated by the nafs. God and God’s qualities cannot and will not resonate and emulate from this personality.” Maryam stares at the ground for a while.
“You can see where this ‘I am’ and new age things stem from. From this lower self, the nafs, and it will only lead you away from God. The system wants us to follow this self, because the system is against the true God. You better start believing it.” She looks at Sean imploringly.
“The nafs are interesting. It is where our focus is for today. All these things we are struggling with, all the intimate things you all shared this evening, surrounds the nafs. The nafs is habit forming. Habitual. Once it gets into a pattern, it wants to remain in that pattern. Yip. It wants more. Once you give it so much, next time it is not satisfied with that, but wants more and just more and just more. Yip.” She winks. She sways a bit from side to side, moving her weight from her left foot to her right foot.
“The nafs does not discriminate. It knows no right or wrong. It just likes or does not like. And you can start to understand where this is going.” She looks at Ashley, then Rick, glances quickly at Genene and turns to face Nicky and Dolly.
“It will start to even like things that God does not want it to like. Behave in a way that God does not and did not intend for it to behave. If God created us, is it not His right to tell us to behave in a certain way? Is it not right that He teach us? And I have long moved past that God commands us to do things this way.” She purses her lips, shakes her head and makes a whole no gesture with her body.
“God loves us, so He is guiding us, teaching us, not commanding us. Not forcing things on us. He wants what is good for us. And he tells us that we were created for a purpose. The purpose is to get to know Him. To get to know Him, we must condition this human personality as He instructs. And He loves us so much that He gives us a choice.” She nods yes. She stares at Carlos.
Carlos was sitting with his hand under his chin. His eyes were fixed on Maryam. He had an inquisitive look on his face.
“This is the part of our free will. A free choice to believe in Him or not. Angels do not have this choice. A tree does not. A dog does not. A mountain does not. They just act according to the will of God. They just do as He instructs them. But we, we got a choice. See more of this love story. If we love Him, we want to love Him willingly. And once you get to experience God, you have no other desire or willing choice except to love Him. He is the Greatest. There are no two stories about that.” She gets so excited that it appears that she wants to jump up and down.
“But this all only happens if the soul is in charge of the personality. The nafs must be brought into obedience. The nafs is a necessary part of the human personality. The lady explained to me that the nafs is like a back of a mirror. The part that the shiny surface is on. In order for the qualities of God to be reflected it must have this nafs there. We are meant to emulate God. All His qualities.”
She is silent for a while. She sighs. Looks down, then up. She smiles. This time she settles her eyes on Trey.
Handsome young man. Tanned skin and curly black hair. 
“Why am I telling you this. Why am I so focused on the nafs and our purpose?” Her eyes were questioning Trey. He spoke earlier about several addictions he has. 
“Because our addictions are rooted in the nafs. That is why. We have taught ourselves to behave in a specific way, the nafs got fed and now it wants to stay fed.” She turns and faces Ashley.
“We got used to things, like things, we are not supposed to like. The nafs does not discriminate what is right and what is wrong. And surely, harming ourselves, something must be wrong with that. No?” She looks sadly at Ashley. 
He shakes his head in agreement to her statement.
She breathes in and then out, deliberately, before she continues.
“If I can sum up, it is that, that we must focus our minds, so that we can change it, and by doing that, we can start to get the nafs to obey us. We must make every effort to get it into obedience.”
She rolls her eyes.
“And here I am speaking about it as if it is such an easy task.” She shakes her head from side to side fast. “No, it is not. It is not easy at all.” She gives her words some thought. “It’s almost like we are asking to fill a cup that is already full.” She nods, “Right?” She stares at Trey. He had beautiful dark eyes.
“It is hard to admit that even our sexual preferences lay rooted in the nafs too. Many would want to disagree; I am born this way. I was made like this and left like this.” She nods in agreement to her statement. She was still staring at Trey. “If we are just honest with ourselves and can reflect on our lives, we would find reasons to why we are like we are, why we like what we like and why we prefer what we prefer. It all starts from when we are babies, who and what did what to us, what did we do to comfort ourselves, excite ourselves, enjoy ourselves, what programs did we watch? Yip.” She nods her head.
“We do not want to admit it even if the word speaks for itself. Program. The programming you are watching, is meant to program you. The mind is being molded, attacked. Attacked, especially if you are watching programs that are manufactured by the system.” She tucks at her scarf and tucks at her dress.
“What I am saying to you guys, each of you beautiful souls, is that we can be better and do better. As long as we are breathing, we can do something about this. We must just put in the effort. And if we think about it, it is hard. It is very hard. But is knowing God not worth it? He is a treasure. Look at the dangerous things we do to get hold of gold, silver, diamonds. People lose their lives to get to it. Is God not worth more than a precious metal or a rare jewel? He is a treasure that wants to be found. As hard as this all is, I know He is worth it. So I will keep on trying. Fail and try. Succeed and fail and try again. Try again and again. Succeed, fail and fail again. Try again. I will never give up trying and I hope you will never give up trying.” Her gaze rests on Ashley. 
She turns and faces Dolly.
“I want to end off, by saying this. Why did and does God allow these terrible things to happen to us?” Dolly was still shaking. She was no longer staring at the ceiling, but rather at Maryam.
“The solace for me lies in God’s words in the Quran, that He wants to complete His favor upon us and that He wants to take us from darkness into the light.” She walks over to Dolly and again puts her hand on her shoulder while facing the others.
“If we can just be patient and if we can just believe in Him, this dark moment of our lives, the moment that seems like there is no way out, this point in our lives where we feel we can’t do it anymore or it is all too much, or we are all alone, or we have no will to live, just hold on a little bit more. And a little bit more. The answer will come. The reason why you had to endure what you did, awaits you. Your gift awaits you. Your prize awaits you. You are not going through this because God hates you and is punishing you. He wants only the best for you and if you hold on, you will get to find out what that is. That is my conviction, that is my finding. I know it is meant the same for you. The more you have endured, the more you will be rewarded with. That I can guarantee. And the best of all gifts, of all rewards, is of course only nearness and companionship with the Lord our God.”
She squeezes Dolly’s shoulder one last time.
She smiles at Dolly.
“I really do thank you all for listening to me. I hope my words and presence made a difference to you. Remember that God loves us. I wish you all peace and contentment. Peace be upon our prophet, sallallahu alayhi wa sallam.” Maryam returns to her seat.
“I didn’t expect to see you here,” says Maryam as she exits the building. 
Justin was short on her heals.
“And who is this cute, fluffy, fellow?” She hunches down and pats the dog on its head.
The dog immediately gets on all fours and jumps onto Maryam. Licking her in her face.
“Hunter, no!” Shouts Justin.
He grabs the dog’s leash from Peter-John and pulls the dog away from Maryam.
“Sit!” He shouts.
The dog wants to play a bit more, but listens. It takes its place next to Justin and sits down, tongue out and wildly wagging its bushy tail.
“Hi Maryam,” says Peter-John. “Surprise!” He waves with both his hands. “Justin told me you would be here tonight, so I volunteered to baby sit. Hunter is his dog.” He smiles as he pats the dogs head.
Hunter immediately gets up and wants to jump onto him.
“Hunter, no!” Shouts Justin again. “Behave, boy.” The dog sits back down.
“He is still very young. Must be firm with him, otherwise he just does as he pleases. But he is learning to listen.” Justin was talking to Maryam.
Maryam smiles at Justin. “He is lovely,” she says. “How old is he?” 
“One year and a few months. Human years that is.” He laughs. “Hey boy.” The dog wags its tail faster, but remains seated.
“Wish I could have a dog,” says Maryam with a sigh, “but my folks would have a fit and half. I have been enough trouble, so I decided to just let that go. For now. Maybe one day when I move out of the house.”
“Dogs are great. Hunter is my first dog since we moved here from Crossroads.”
“Crossroads?” Asks Maryam curiously. She admired Justin’s face.
“Crossroads is, or was, our family farm.”
“Justin is from Oregon. They moved here a few years ago.” Peter-John put back up his hoodie as more of the people exited the building.
All of them thanking Maryam as they passed by.
Justin looks at Maryam. “I found what you said truly amazing. I have always believed that God was all about love and that there must be a good reason why all these things happened.” He smiles.
“He is the Greatest. He is truly our only true friend.” She looks at Peter-John and settles her gaze back on Justin. 
He runs his fingers through his thick, blonde curls.
“I was wondering, if you could perhaps, give me more information about Islam. Like, where can I get a nice English Quran?” Justin smiles shyly.
Maryam smiles. “As it happens, I do have a nice one, right here in my bag.” She opens her bag and takes it out.
She hands the blue, hardcover Quran to Justin.
“It is yours. May you find what is meant for you, in there.” She looks at Peter-John.
“It really is amazing,” says Peter-John excitedly. “It is almost like the story is written for me. You will see that it is written for you too, bro.” He winks at Justin.
“You think?” He smiles shyly. “I have only ever read the Bible. I never ever looked for God outside of Christianity.” He looks at the cover of the Quran.
“The Christians are the ones that are closest to the Muslims, says Allah in the Quran. We are like brethren. And if we are sincere, Allah guides us rightly to His chosen religion.” Maryam hunches down and pats Hunter on its head.
Justin and Peter-John both want to react, but the dog doesn’t get up to jump again. It rather only licks Maryam’s hand.
“You know, the nafs are like a wild dog. You need to tame it.” She stands back and looks Justin in the eye.
“Just like you are teaching Hunter to be obedient and to obey you, so too the nafs must be tamed into obedience.” She smiles.
Justin nods his head.
“If I get you correctly regarding these, nafs, it is our desires. These things we crave and lust after?” He takes in her dark eyes.
“Exactly.” Maryam nods her head.
Justin nods too.
“I thought I would accompany you home, Maryam. That’s why I’m here.” He clears his throat.
“It is getting late. I should be getting home. Before the sun sets.” Maryam smiles and pats Hunter on its head one last time. “Nice to meet you, boy.”
She stands more to Peter-John’s side.
“Ben should be here any minute now to pick us up, so you guys can go ahead. He texted me that he is almost here.”
He fist-bumps Peter-John and says good night to Maryam.
Maryam says good bye as she and Peter-John starts to stroll down the street.
“So thoughtful of you to come and accompany me.”
“Your company means a lot to me. You are doing me the favor by allowing me to be with you.” Peter-John smiles.
Maryam says nothing and just smiles as they stroll along.
“How is your book coming along? I hope you are still writing?” She asks.
Peter-John nods his head. “I am. It is coming along well. I plan to write some more as soon as I get home.”
“I can’t wait to read it.” Maryam says excitedly.
“Don’t get your hopes up. I am not that great a writer. Mediocre at best.” She scratches his head.
“Anything that comes from the heart, is worth reading to me.” She encourages.
“You will be the first to read it. You’ll have your hands full with all the editing you’ll have to do.” He laughs hard.
“I look forward to it.” Maryam laughs too.
They stroll further down the street.
The sky was bright orange-red.
The sun was about to set.

Peter-John stares at the wall.
It seems almost like the crack was getting wider.
It wasn’t bothering him as much as before.
Omar had scrapped off most of the old paint and had finished applying the base.
In the coming weeks he would be coming more to start work on the mural.
Peter-John was excited.
He had no idea what Omar was going to be drawing, but he was excited none the less.
If the murals done by Omar was anything to go by, he knew that this one too was going to be something special.
His thoughts go back to Drew.
It was almost time for him to come back home.
He looked forward to it.
The flat was not the same without him.
Drew had become more than just his friend.
He was his brother.
He missed him a lot.
If Peter-John was completely honest.
Drew has become just as important as Miguel was to him.
Drew was his home.
Miguel was his home.
He sinks more into the couch.
He wanted to write, but he thought rather to just reminisce a bit.
He could always write first thing tomorrow morning.
He stares at the crack in the wall.

Have they not travelled through the earth and observed how was the end of those before them? They were greater than them in power, and they ploughed the earth and built it up more than they have built it up, and their messengers came to them with clear evidences. And Allah would not ever have wronged them, but they were wronging themselves.
Surah Ar-Rum (The Romans) 30:9


And I did not create the jinn and mankind except to worship Me.
Surah Adh-Dhariyat (The Winnowing Winds) 51:56


Yesterday, I was thinking.
About home.
Strange that I have been gone for so long, but I still call it home. 
Why I still call it home, I am not sure.
All my friends are here.
The people I speak with every day, are here.
Sure my blood is there, but we were never really close.
But still, it is home.
No one really knows me. Not what I went through and what I had to overcome to still remain standing.
And yes.
I miss him.
I miss him a lot.
Miguel.
Mexico will always be my home, no matter what.
Perhaps me and my wife will move there one day.
One beautiful day.
When I will be able to return to my roots and not feel ashamed anymore.
Not scared anymore.
The more I pray and the more I practice, the more I feel the burdens lifting.
I feel lighter somehow.
But something still gnaws away at me. I can’t seem to shake it off.
Perhaps it will never leave me. Perhaps it is just part of the cross I must bear. 
We are here to be tested.
That is as certain as death.
We are here to have moments of happiness, moments of sadness.
We are not here to only live in one of the states continually.
The only certainty is that it is all for our own good.
What we think is good for us, may be bad for us and what we think is bad for us, might be good for us.
We must trust that He knows best.
Our only task is to be content.
Assured that He knows best.
I am nearly at the end of this book that I have been writing.
It seems so long ago since I wrote the first of it.
This is it.
X and the great Xscape.
X just seems to pop up everywhere suddenly.
I feel sad for whoever chooses to willingly be married to Mr X.
May God have mercy on us and forgive us.
We are all in this together.
That is just what is clear.
With everything that is going on, it seems that we are on the brink of a war.
Perhaps this war started when they first released it upon us. 
And what can we believe? 
Or perhaps this will be the reason for war.
Same as they did with 9/11.
Will the deaths of our American brothers and sisters be the reason we attack China? And will China retaliate and attack us back?
Will that guys “dream” finally come to fruition?
Will the Capital, the Big Apple and Los Angeles be destroyed?
What about the hibernating bear?
Russia.
It is all really scary to think about.
What if this is all irrelevant?
What if the extinction level event trumps that?
Will Griffin’s family bunker provide any protection against the water?
Why are they all getting ships?
Some even leaving earth.
What is this mother of all crashes?
All of it just lies.
More and more alien stories are hitting the news now.
The news just the mouthpiece of the grand deception.
Once it is on the news, you better believe it is “real”.
We are living in a gigantic lie and the sad part is, we will never really know the truth.
Perhaps my statement is off.
Though the truth of the lies will never surface, we can know the truth.
The only truth.
The truth is God.
The truth is what God tells us of this lie.
I am certain He can show us the complete truth. Show the falsehood for what it is and even make the falsehood wither away.
I am convinced of this.
The more I see it, the more I am convinced.
The only way to get to the bottom of it all, is to follow God.
To follow God, is to follow His Messenger.
That means to follow Muhammad.
It makes sense now why this man is hated so.
It is not the humans that hate him as such.
It is him.
Mr X.
I didn’t think I would ever come to accept any religion. 
I have always been a man of faith and believed in a higher being.
Religion is all just rituals and men controlling others.
But I choose to believe in Islam.
I choose to believe in the message of this man.
The more I practice what he teaches, the more I see a real change occur in my life.
A sure change.
A definite change.
A tangible change.
It is just for me to let go.
Untrain my mind.
It is not easy, most certainly not.
It is perhaps the hardest thing that I have ever had to do.
The more I think I am achieving something, the more I am reminded that I have still not done much.
I also realize that I cannot do anything.
It is only by Him that anything can happen.
I have no doubt in this anymore.
That is why this story keeps taking a twist.
Yes, they released their weapon upon us, but he is the originator and creator of it.
So it is Him who did it.
Yes, now we are all hosts of the next part of the plot, and this is by Him as well.
Nothing happens here without Him decreeing it.
All sovereignty belongs to Him. 
Mr X thinks he is in charge, but he is merely doing what he is supposed to do.
Suppose meaning he is fulfilling the part He wrote for him.
The originator of it all is Him.
As I am reminded of the story of Moses and the Children of Israel.
They fled Egypt and came to the sea.
The sea parted and they crossed it.
Pharaoh and his army pursued Moses and the Children of Israel.
Emphasis here is on pursued.
Pharaoh willingly made a choice to chase after Moses.
He willingly took up arms and wanted to kill Moses, I am sure.
They followed the path of the open sea and then it closed in on them and they drowned.
So God took care of Moses and the Children of Israel.
But the Quran is clear.
God says that He drove Pharaoh into the sea.
Here God is very explicit in letting us know that this conscience choice that Pharaoh made, was actually Him, who drove him to do it.
God drove Him into his destruction.
It must make it abundantly clear to us that God is in control of everything.
Same as they manufactured this thing in the lab.
Same as they injected their filth into us.
God is in control of it all.
There is no power and no strength except with Him.
This must be abundantly clear to us.
That is why this story keeps changing and taking twists.
Instead of fighting against one another, we should be helping one another.
Helping each other to come to acceptance.
Come to belief.
To believe in God.
Only He can help us.
Only He can save us.
Nothing we think we can do will make any difference.
Long as we give power to others.
To them.
We do not believe.
Giving power to them, means disbelief.
It means association with Him.
He has no partners.
He is Odd.
He is alone.
He is in absolute control.
Only when we accept this and believe this.
Only then will His help descend.
This is what I realize.
This is what I have come to accept.
I must be content.
Content in that this is all His.
I was reminded of home as I said.
And I was reminded of what happened.
Maybe once I tell you about it, I will be at peace.
Maybe then I will be able to truly move forward.
My home is Mexico.
My home is there where Miguel is.
Maybe it is time that I told you.
I’m a little nervous, to be honest, but I will give it my best.
Speaking about my family is always nerve- wrecking.
What if they were to read this, would they be proud?
I have no clue.
I must remember to breath.
Did I ever tell you that my brother Miguel is a singer?
A really good crooner at that. 
He plays the girls’, and boys’, hearts like a fiddle.
They would come from all over the city to hear him sing.
Miguel grew up in one of the southern Colonias in Zamora.
Near Las Fuentes.
He loved his home and heritage and it was always part of his writing and singing. 
Miguel was a real artist.
Painting pictures with his songs, of life in the Colonias and life in Zamora. He was proud of Mexico and everything associated with Mexico.
Despite The Michoacán Family and the things they got up to.
La Familia Michoacana.
Miguel always said he was El Más Loco.
He is the craziest one of them all. So they better watch out for him.
He would kill them with his bare hands if they were to ever set foot near his mom and family.
But Miguel was a man of peace. He rather used his voice to bring about change in his community.
He wasn’t one to merely sing stoopid love songs, no, he adorned the crowds with brilliant wordplay. He was a master crafter of the art.
Seems so unfair that one has a package so complete. Brilliant mind that is made to shape the minds of others, beautiful voice that made people just stare in awe.
He is so charismatic and handsome.
He was also proud of being Mexican. He loved to speak Spanish and chose to only speak it and sing in it too.
His clothes were also that of our people.
Whenever I visited him, he would insist I speak Spanish only and he would give me some of his clothes. 
He said it made me look good.
I know, however, that he just didn’t like the stuff I wore that much.
But it is because Miguel loves me.
He is and remains my brother.
Our tie lies beyond blood.
Home for us is where the other is.
I’m getting a bit emotional as I write this.
Not just a little.
A lot.
Like a lot.
I miss home.
Breathe. 
I must remember to breathe.
When I said our people, perhaps you’re wondering who our people are?
I don’t mean Mexican as such as what we understand Mexican to be today.
I mean our people.
And it is with our people that my story really begins.
I mean the people that were in this land before they were conquered or destroyed.
Annihilated.
I wonder if there was ever any good that came from being colonized?
Is it really right for one person to just go and take the land of another?
Is it really right to say that my stone house is better than your clay house, so I’m gonna tare them all down and force my stones upon you?
My way of doing things is better than your way of doing things.
You must accept my gods and reject your gods. You must stop speaking that nonsense you are and learn to speak my language.
Though we speak Spanish, our family kept the original language of our people alive.
I did know a few words, but because of…
Because of what happened, I just chose not to be a part of it any more.
Miguel can have long conversations with my aunts and so on.
But yes, did the colonists do us a favor when they bombarded our people with Christianity or did they do us more harm than even before?
This remains a mystery. 
If the biggest deception the world is yet to face is associated with Christianity, then I do not think that my people or we are better off.
Not that I think that what they were up to was exactly kosher.
But I am suddenly just thinking of this whole thing of colonizing people.
Then the wars that break out.
Then you complain of how the savages killed your people and retaliated and made life difficult for you, when you are the only one who is at fault.
You came from a foreign place and came to make a mess.
I wonder what can be wrong with people that they would do something like that without seeing the wrong of what they are doing.
Furthermore, I feel sad that we adopted their ways and in turn now see them as the ideal and our people as silly, gullible and inferior.
I mean heck we are so proud to speak Spanish and this is their language.
I don’t know why that all just came to my mind.
But anyway.
If I consider Islam and all of what I have read, and reflect on things, I can of course see where the cause of this all comes from.
And it is actually a whole lot of a big part of what I want to tell you.
I’m not trying to hate on anyone.
I love Spanish as much as the next Mexican and it is part of what makes us Mexican, so don’t be coming at me.
If you were to ever read this and be offended.
Even if you are offspring of the colonists.
Peace and peace.
I am just expanding my mind.
Anyway.
Breath.
Well, like I said, our people.
Remember my dad is Mexican and my mom is American.
Dad’s dad’s side of the family are descendants of the Aztecs.
While Dad’s mom’s side of the family are descendants from the Purépecha people.
The blood of great civilizations courses through our veins.
Miguel knew that and that put a real chip on his shoulder.
He would refer to himself as Skywalker.
Whether Miguel really believed all these myths of the people, I am not sure.
Whether he really believed in his heart he could walk on the skies and really control the elements as our people did, I am not sure.
He always said that I was part of the elements.
Me being the heart.
The central piece that made it all work cohesively.
Made the rest stronger.
He often referred to me as an Airbender. One that was capable of controlling all the elements.
Whether Miguel was serious, I don’t know.
I never liked these chats and I never wanted to get involved in them either.
It was at one of the less frequented plazas in the Colonia, that the first thing happened.
The first time it happened.
My first time to experience it.
My first encounter.
Tia abuela Rosita said it was when I was awakened.
Summoned.
When I was called.
I have a calling you see.
I didn’t think this was going to be so hard, but it is really much harder than I thought it would be, to write about this.
I don’t want to disappoint my family and I do not want to insult them with all these things.
I don’t know.
That is not what is hard.
Admitting that I am scared and afraid.
That is a bit harder.
What is hardest is having to go back there.
In my mind.
It was not nice.
At times I thought I would never be the same.
Like my mind would always be unhinged.
Like I was really beaten to insanity.
People really have no clue what it is like to have your mind unhinged.
It is terrible.
And trying to hide that it is, makes it even harder.
I was very afraid that they might want me committed or something.
Do we even have a say these days or ever to end up in a mental place?
I just don’t know.
I was not capable of trusting anyone.
It made me so paranoid and I felt utterly vulnerable.
Exposed.
Like I was naked and for the first time in my life really naked.
You think going nude without clothes is naked?
No, and I do not wish to burst your bubble.
There are other ways of being naked. And the real form of being naked.
Breathe.
The fact that I was doing drugs back then made it all much worse.
My great grandmother always warned that the vessel must be uncorrupted.
Pure.
That also means no marriage and no children.
Not only abstinence from drugs and alcohol.
Even food.
I was not to eat meat.
Meat negatively affects our spirit.
Our soul.
So we cannot receive the messages we are supposed to receive clearly.
They tried to make me commit, but I never did.
I did try to, but that was where it all went south and I have never been back to Mexico ever again.
But the first time it happened was at that small plaza.
I noticed a nightjar.
A Mexican-whip-poor-will.
I wasn’t sure whether I was really seeing it though, because it was so well camouflaged.
But I saw it sitting on the branch of a tree. 
Miguel was busy setting up.
He had a gig. 
Only reason I was there.
I was my brother’s biggest fan.
I always made sure his guitar was tuned and polished. Not only did my brother have to look decent, his gear had to look good too.
As I was testing the mic, I noticed the bird in the corner of my eye.
It was quick.
But it was enough for me to pay attention.
I looked at it and at first thought it was just my eyes playing tricks on me, but it moved. It sort of spread it wings. It was a beautiful bird. The brown of its feathers my favorite type of brown. Like it is metallic, and smooth and deep and chocolate and so on. You get what I am trying to say.
Anyway, then only did I hear it.
The sound very distinct.
But it was unlike any other sounds.
It was like it was directed at me.
Pointed at me.
I really have no words to describe what I am trying to say.
For a lack of a better way to explain it, imagine there was some rope tied to its small beak bill whatever you call its mouth, and that rope was extended all the way to my ears. 
Like talking with two cans.
It’s bill the one can and my ears the other.
It was crystal clear.
When I was focused on it, the bird twisted its head and looked straight at me.
Remember it was about 66 feet away from me in a tree, in a park, next to the plaza.
That is also the time that I felt sort of eerie.
Like something had touched me.
I knew it had something to do with that darn bird.
When I tried to tell Miguel to look, the nightjar just disappeared. It didn’t fly off, no. It went like that, poof.
Like, became nothing in front of my eyes.
Miguel didn’t think much of it.
Nightjars were rare in these parts and to see one is even rarer. You are more likely to hear one than see one.
He just said I was blessed.
And carried on preparing to do his skit.
The eerie feeling remained with me for most of the afternoon and night.
Miguel’s humble show was attended by hundreds of people. The plaza was buzzing. People having a good time, listening to my brother do what he does best.
Inspire minds.
I was proud like always. When I say I am my brother’s biggest fan, I mean it.
There is not a time that I would not be hanging on his every word and be the first to run to say how great that was.
They used to make fun of me.
Oh, there goes Jean-Pedro. Again. Miguel barely stopped singing, or barely stopped strumming and there is Jean-Pedro. Again.
It was sort of hilarious.
But I didn’t care.
Telling my brother that I was proud of him, and moved but what he did, was important to me and I always expressed it right in the moment I felt it.
Secretly, I think I was his only critic that mattered.
If he couldn’t do it for me, he wasn’t going to do it for anyone else.
That’s why he also quit when I left.
But I am moving way ahead of things now.
When we left the plaza, back home.
I had this eerier feeling that I was being followed.
The hairs on the back of my neck stood up.
My senses were also extremely heightened.
As we came around the corner from our house.
That was the weirdest part.
I saw a dog.
I think.
It is because it was a dog for a moment and then it was something else almost at the same time.
I didn’t say nothing to Miguel, because I wasn’t sure what I saw and it was also more that it was the beginning of not trusting my own mind.
The beginning of being scared.
The beginning of keeping secrets.
I was unnerved.
First the bird, then the dog.
I just don’t know.
When we got home, tia abuela Rosita looked at me strangely.
Like she knew something.
But neither of us said anything.
She made us Menudo, some carne en su jugo, and some lovely pambazos. She also made something she rarely makes and that was huitlacoche tacos.
All of it was quite mouthwatering.
Tia abuela Rosita could cook with her eyes closed.
That night I didn’t feel comfortable as I ate though.
It was like tia abuela Rosita wanted to watch me eat and specifically the tacos.
When I went to bed, she made sure to bring me a glass of water, which though not uncharacteristic of her, just weird that she brought it all the way to my bedroom.
But that was it.
I was lying in bed with the window open.
It was dark and the moon was full.
All I could think about was the bird and the dog.
If I think about it nicely, the dog was a Xolo.
Estándar.
Definitely a big Xoloitzcuintle.
What was beautiful about it was its hairless body. All muscular. Standing on all fours just staring straight at me.
It was brown.
The exact same brown I like so much.
How I remember all this detail, I am shocked.
I saw the dog for a split second and it changed to something else.
I am tempted to say a plant.
But I just don’t know what I saw that night.
I made the mistake of going to ask tia abuela Rosita about nightjars and Xolos.
She said, she knew something was up.
She could feel it.
Her radar or what was picking up signals.
If anything, tia abuela Rosita believed she was an appointed Curandero.
She was appointed by our people and she had to prepare the way for one who would come one day. Return one day. That was her exact words. Return. Not just merely come.
She was like the doorkeeper or watcher or something like this.
After that night, she believed it was me.
I didn’t want to hear anything about it.
I do not believe in reincarnation or anything like that.
Now you want me to believe that I am a descendant of ours that lived thousands of years ago.
I was just so relieved that I was not Quetzalcoatl. Or his evil twin.
I think they would have sacrificed me if I was.
But it rather seems that I was some enemy of Quetzalcoatl. Or more specifically an enemy of his twin, Xoloitzcuintle.
The dog I saw was apparently him.
The bird too.
I had to seek refuge with our ancestors to make sure that he was not able to get to me.
Do you think I believed any of it?
Of course not.
That is all just plain crazy.
But tia abuela Rosita didn’t want to let it go. She got my grandmother and great grandmother involved.
Dad’s mom was a skeptic, though she was a healer too. Not a Curandero, but just a healer. Alternative medicine type thing. Herbs.
Abuelita Josefina and Mami Maria wanted to do a ritual to determine if I really was this person they were waiting for.
I objected.
I objected for months.
I objected for years.
Until I finally gave in.
This after 7 years of their nagging.
And harassment.
They were saying I was not taking care of this gift I was given. And I was corrupting it with drugs and so on.
If anything, this thing that happened to me drove me to drugs more.
It was too much for me to handle.
Being high was better than having my senses be so all aware as I was back then.
It was a crazy time in my life.
That was a real understatement.
Crazy times.
Breath.
I must remember to breath.
Deep breath in.
Hold.
Deep breath out.
If we were back in America, I would have been out trick or treating with my friends.
But no.
I was in Mexico.
That October 31st eve, I was getting ready to do that ritual with my paternal great aunt, great grandmother and great great grandmother.
The ritual was to coincide with Dia de Muertos.
The Day of the Dead.
To be honest, some of the things people got up to really freaked me out.
Like taking the dead from their graves and washing the bones and burying them again.
To run around with the skeletal remains was probably what disturbed me the most.
I was okay with praying for my deceased family.
Putting up food for them was a bit much, because, I mean, once you are dead, you are dead.
We are just wasting perfectly good food.
But I was still okay with that.
But really, I believe the ritual was what put me off this day and only the ritual.
Isn’t Halloween just as insane as all this?
At least here people were doing some good, praying I mean, instead of going around looking horrific.
Anyway.
Where do I start talking about this ritual?
We went all the way to the Zamora valley.
Miguel’s dad worked there on one of the avocado farms.
According to Mami Maria, it was the perfect place for the ritual to take place.
We needed water, the trees and fertile land.
The fact that the whole of Mexico was celebrating this festival, meant that there was a lot of energy that could be used to give power to the ritual.
Mami Maria sounded like she knew about stuff.
Like X-factor, American Idols, America’s got talent and all these shows. Not to mention the shows celebrities give. Collecting all the energy of the people that attend these shows. 
Using that energy for no good.
What about the demons performing for us on stage?
These celebrities if not all of them possessed by these demons.
Your favorite guitarist might just turn out to be a demon.
Breathe.
We live in such a lie.
But Mami Maria was unfazed by this.
Collecting energy, trapping spirits in bodies to talk to them.
They all honed this craft.
All accept dad’s mom, who was a skeptic.
Anyway, she agreed that her grandson could partake in the ritual.
And if I turned out to be who they claimed I was, she would agree for me to start my work.
I would never return to America, where I was born.
I would stay here forever.
They were going to set me up in one of the Purépecha pyramids.
My family was hardcore when it came to all of this.
Any way.
Where to begin.
I guess the best place is to tell you a little bit about the place where the ritual was going to take place.
Hacienda Buena Onda was a large property dedicated to mostly avocado and strawberry farming. 
The main house was a typical colonial style house, white, too big and off limits to all the farm workers. No surprises there. Miguel’s dad rarely had any contact with the owners.
The communal area where most farm workers rested and some spent the night, like Miguel’s dad often did, was a bunch of tiny casitas at the southern border of the hacienda.
Rows of dense sacred firs stood between the main house and the communal area.
I remember that time that the monarch butterflies were there. Hundreds if not thousands.
Very few were seen flying around.
Rather they were all in the trees.
The usually dense, dark-green conifers, were bright orange-red. Almost like they were on fire.
I didn’t take that as a good sign.
Mami Maria said it was all perfect. She saw signs in everything.
The praying hands of the sacred fir.
The monarch butterflies carrying the souls of the deceased.
It was all perfect.
The arrangement of the casitas was preferred. 
Most of the farm workers had returned to their families for the Dia de Muertos festivities.
There was three left on the hacienda. Each in their own casita.
Miguel’s dad was one of them.
Miguel and I shared a casita at the northern side of the communal area.
Mami Maria and Abuelita Josefina was in the casita right next to ours on the right.
Dad’s mom was in the casita to our left.
Tia abuela Rosita was in the casita directly opposite ours. What stood between our casita and hers, was a stretch of flat ground, a tiny bench under a thatched roof held up by four posts. There was an old well.
A tap was installed next to it when it went dry.
Farm workers used to take breaks here.
The place seemed ordinary enough.
Mom and dad agreed to me doing the ritual. 
Mom didn’t believe in any of it and thought absolutely nothing would come of it.
She was pro-science and the concept of God, angels, spirits and all this was preposterous. No harm could come from things that do not exist. That was her stance and reason for letting me do it.
Dad was disillusioned by the Catholic church.
I am not sure if he believes in God at this stage.
Something happened in mass one day that disturbed him. It was something the father did while he was busy with his sermon.
It involved his moving hands that were covered by his clothes.
That is all I am prepared to say.
A few people saw it and thought it was just a coincidence.
Others said it was as they thought and that it was just…
Hey.
Dad left the church.
He carries around a cross and there is a cross in his car, but they are all for decoration.
An accessory.
I am not sure if dad even prays anymore.
Breathe.
All I am saying is that mom and dad didn’t come.
Miguel was my only support.
I was frankly no match for the ladies.
I am quite nervous.
I am scared to write what I am about to. 
I can probably never truly put to paper what the actual experience was like, but I will give it my best shot.
The eve of Dia de Muertos, strange things started happening on the hacienda.
Most of it in the communal area, but some activity was reported at the main house too.
When the house workers came to see tia abuela Rosita on Dia de Muertos, they said that stuff moved around in the house and that unholy screams and grunts could be heard in the walls. 
What happened that night before was quite puzzling.
Miguel’s dad and one of the farm workers reported that they heard footsteps all through the night. It was like the person or persons were pacing up and down the whole night. Once, Miguel’s dad swore he heard knocking. But when he opened the door, no one was there.
It disturbed him, since the footsteps resumed as soon as he closed the door.
The second worker said not merely was there footsteps around the casita, it sounded like someone was climbing the wooden roof beams of the casita. He didn’t sleep at all.
The most curious was probably the third worker.
He said someone was definitely inside his casita.
He had left his gourd canteen on a small flat table next to his bed. In the middle of the night, it dropped to the floor and spilled all of its contents.
The worker thought nothing of it and put it back on the table.
Soon as he settled to sleep again, it fell off the table again.
He thought it was weird, but again just picked it up and put it back on the table. He put a small stone against it.
Soon as he started dozing off, he was awoken by a hard bang. 
The stone lay on the ground next to the door and the gourd was lying on the floor.
The farmer didn’t sleep at all after that.
The next day, he was seen sprinkling salt all over the casita, especially around his bed, the windows and the door.
He was imploring whatever spirit was there to leave his casita and never to return.
He was basically begging and crying.
It was disturbing.
I was really disturbed by it.
They told Miguel’s dad that I had brought evil to the hacienda.
It was following me.
It was after me.
It scared me a lot.
Breathe.
Mami Maria was not moved by any of it.
She listened to all the stories everyone was telling, but didn’t say a word.
She called me to their casita the day of Dia de Muertos. The day we were going to do the ritual.
She had been in a state of meditation since we arrived the day before. So, she was meditating while all of these crazy things were going on on the hacienda. 
She asked Abuelita Josefina to let us be alone for a while.
She gave me such an intense stare that made me feel sort of exposed.
I maintained eye contact though.
Mami Maria was not a scary old witch at all.
No, quite the opposite.
Though being more than a hundred years old, she seemed very youthful.
Grey, wrinkled and all this, but her face was aglow.
It made her look kind. Warm.
One was never afraid to be around her.
It was the same that day.
She told me to sit right in front of her on the floor. She was sitting on the flat bed; just a mattress on the casita floor.
She gave me exactly one alegría
She gave me exactly one muégano.
She also gave me a piece of ate. 
I didn’t eat these immediately as I normally would.
I figured anything I ate that day, had something to do with the ritual.
She smiled at me curiously.
Jean-Pedro, what is there that you are not telling me, she asked.
I swallowed hard.
Mami Maria was not a person I could ever lie to. And I most certainly didn’t want to either.
I am scared, I told her.
Breathe.
Everyone had told everyone what happened the night before, but I still had to say what happened in our casita.
Things happened in our casita too, Mami. That is what I told her.
She just listened.
I don’t know what exactly, but in the middle of the night, there was a voice.
Whispering.
It sounded far at first, but then it was right next to me.
I think it was calling my name.
The voice sounded familiar like it was someone I knew.
At first I thought it was Miguel.
It sounded like him.
But also not like him.
It scared me.
Breathe.
Then I felt something move onto my bed.
When I tried to move, I couldn’t.
I tried to shout out to Miguel to help me, but I couldn’t.
Whatever it was, was sitting right on top of my chest.
Mami, it really scared me.
It really scared me a lot.
I couldn’t see anything, but it was like someone was right there.
I don’t know how, but I suddenly saw what looked like, I don’t know.
Like something.
Breathe.
Last of it was pale red eyes.
Like I was imagining it.
It disappeared in front of me into the darkness.
When I was able to move, I looked over at Miguel.
He was hovering above his bed.
Like floating.
It really scared me, Mami.
Though I could move and speak now, I couldn’t call Miguel.
I was scared he might get hurt.
The posture was so awkward.
Then he just slammed into the bed.
I was scared for Miguel.
It was like this thing was warning me that it was going to hurt him.
If I didn’t stop with what I was doing.
Stop with this ritual.
With everything associated with it.
Mami wiped away the single tear that left my eye with her left hand and she gave me exactly two more alegrías. 
I ate one.
The honey was always my favorite part of it.
The amaranth seeds were sweet and crunchy.
A very nutty taste.
Mami watched me eat it and none of us spoke while I nibbled on it.
Mami, I then said.
I don’t think Miguel was even aware of any of it. He was all normal like nothing happened to him.
Was it a dream, Mami, or was it real? I finally asked.
Mami put her left hand under my chin and touched the top of my head with her right hand.
She admired my face as she stroked my hair.
You are so handsome, young Jean-Pedro. I am almost sad to think that you might not get married or ever have children.
A face like yours deserves to have a bride.
A beautiful bride.
She smiled at me.
It wasn’t a dream, Jean-Pedro.
It was real.
I saw it too.
It is the enemy.
It is somehow aware of you.
Perhaps you did something to draw its attention to you, but it was waiting for you, none the less and it has finally laid its gaze firmly on you.
What it did to Miguel, was definitely a warning.
It is trying to scare you to give this all up.
He knows, he is the loser in this fight.
He can’t stand against you, no matter what.
Even if he tries to bring you near death, death will not take you by his order.
He is not in control.
He is also scared because he is blind to the power that surrounds you, that supports you.
He fear
s he will lose his grip on all his pawns.
You are a huge threat to him.
He is the enemy of our people.
His name is Xoloitzcuintle.
That was when I first heard his name.
I dubbeb him Mr X.

Hacienda Buena Onda
October 31st, 2013

The waning crescent moon was clearly visible where Peter-John was strolling along the avocado trees, way along the southern border of the hacienda.
He wanted to be alone.
All this talk of the ritual and what his family was going to do and what he had to do had his mind completely warped. 
He just wanted to be alone.
Even be away from Miguel.
Miguel would want to try and do all sorts of things to help him get through this ordeal, but Peter-John did not want that now.
He just wanted to be alone.
When he got to the fence of the hacienda, he sat down on a small wooden bench that was located in the corner, where the two border fences met. Workers rested here and had lunch, a snack, depending on whatever time of day it was.
Peter-John was nervous.
More nervous than he had been in his entire life.
More than anything, he wanted his aunts and grandmother to stop harassing him. He was tired of the same story year in and year out.
If anything, he wanted to prove that he was not this descendant of theirs.
And he was most certainly not reincarnated. 
He was Peter-John and this was his first time to be on earth.
He did not exist a 1000 or what years ago and is now returning again.
These people had all sorts of myths and performed all sorts of ridiculous rituals that he most certainly would never have been part of and would never have believed in.
Not to mention sacrificing innocent children.
Peter-John just wanted this over and done with.
He looked at the moon. 
It was almost time for it to disappear.
Like Dia de Muertos would be cloaked in an all dark night, with no moon at all.
The man was in front of Peter-John, when he notices him standing there.
Peter-John got a bit of a fright, because he didn’t hear him approaching.
He thought he was alone.
Peter-John thought all workers had left to go home. 
This was not one of the two that remained with Miguel’s dad.
The man smiled cheerfully and sat down next to Miguel.
His clothes were remarkably clean for someone who worked on the farm and had walked all along the dirt to get to this bench.
But Peter-John thought nothing of it.
Peter-John was also for some reason extraordinarily calm.
The man spoke to him in fluent Spanish. Peter-John followed him well enough. Peter-John was fluent too, though he rarely spoke the language.
The man turned and looked at Peter-John.
His smile was broader than before.
A big show of very bright enamel.
He took out a gourd canteen from his left breast pocket. It was filled with freshly fermented pulque. Then he took out another gourd canteen from his right breast pocket. It was filled with fresh cow’s milk. 
He offered Peter-John either of the two gourds to keep and drink whatever it contained. It was sort of strange, but Peter-John felt so at ease with the man that he reached for the gourd, ran his fingers over its smooth exterior, opened it and took a sip.
It was very refreshing.
Peter-John took the cow’s milk.
He closed his eyes and savored the taste.
When he was about to thank the man, he realized he was alone.
Just as eerily as the man appeared, so too, did he disappear.
Peter-John was all alone with the gourd canteen in his hand.
He couldn’t have had imagined it, because how do you explain the gourd.
It was still strange though.
Looking down, he could see that something was written in Spanish on the ground.
The light of the moon was bright enough for him to make out seven words.
In the name of your Lord.
Peter-John checked the first word again. 
Read in the name of your Lord.
He found all of this very odd.
Before anything else weird happened, he decided to head back to his casita where Miguel was probably waiting for him.

Why this Mr X is after me, only he knows. 
Doesn’t he have anything better to do than to concern himself with little old me?
The more one actually looks at it, it makes sense that he would be bothered by me.
Not that I am anything special, or perhaps because I am especially special.
And now you probably think I have a huge ego.
And you wouldn’t be wrong.
Sometimes I do have a huge ego.
But this especially specialness I refer to has got nothing to do with my ego.
Anyway, I’ll perhaps explain this a bit later.
Mr X was on my trail though.
And, he remains on my trail.
And that night on Hacienda Buena Onda I got to see more of my fair share of activity to make me believe it absolutely.
Breathe.
I am not sure what I must say or what will make sense to you or not, but I will give it my best.
My All.
If I can put it in context, it was all one big test.
A test of my faith.
If I look back at it and compare it with what I know now, it all makes sense.
Do I believe in God or not?
That was really the ultimate question.
The ultimate test.
And as I reflect on that eve and day of Dia de Muertos, I believe that more than ever.
More than ever, I believe in God.
More than ever, I believe that without Him, the battle is lost.
More than ever, I believe that He is in control of everything.
The Good and the Bad.
But all of it is for the Good.
That is the difference.
I am the chosen one.
I am especially special.
I am chosen by God and to Him, I am especially special.
That statement is however not reserved for me alone.
Each individual on this planet, is a chosen one.
If you are born into this world, you were born because you were chosen by Him.
Being especially special is not reserved for me either. 
Each of the what, nine billion people, that exist today, are especially special.
You are precious to Him.
Many who do believe in God would say that there are, nine billion people on this earth.
People are born every day; people die every day.
Why would God be concerned with any one individual specifically.
Doesn’t God have better things to do with His time?
Others are again of the belief that God is sitting on His throne and merely observing us going about our business of living life. Observing what it is we are doing with the life He gave us. 
This last view bringing about the belief that evil exists and prevails because God is not involved in the activities of His creation.
I am now secure in my faith to know and share with you, that these beliefs are false.
God is active in every aspect of His creation.
If He were to divert His attention away from it, for even a second, it will all seize to exist.
He keeps the planets and celestial bodies in their orbits. 
He keeps gravity working if gravity is a concept that is real.
None of these laws of science are self-generating and self-preserving and goes along like a program that is written.
God is actively keeping it working and keeping it in place.
God is actively involved with you.
He is the only one that is with you every second of every day of your life.
To God, it is as if you are the only individual that exists.
You are especially special.
To Him, you are precious.
To Him, you are all that exists.
Each, nine billion people, is especially special to Him.
He created each one of us with a purpose.
And that purpose is to know Him.
He is a treasure that wants to be found.
He wants you to find Him and know Him intimately.
He chose you for this purpose.
And this is why Mr X is after you.
This is why Mr X is after me.
He is, for a lack of a better expression, furious.
Furious that God chose humans for the purpose of getting to know Him intimately and not his race.
His species.
Because Mr X is not of us.
That is what I realize.
That is what I have come to learn and accept.
Not to open another can of worms, but if we listen to testimony of individuals who are talking about the atrocities done towards humans in terms of mind control, these testimonies speak of a lack of sympathy, a lack of empathy, void of humanity.
They say it is if the perpetrators of the mind control agenda are a different species all together.
That is because they are right.
And God has made it clear that another species does exist.
And Mr X is of this species.
If the ritual that eve of Dia de Muertos taught me anything, it is that my ancestors were right; that Quetzalcoatl and Xoloitzcuintle exists. 
I deliberately choose to say exist, rather than existed, as if they are for a lack of a better word, dead now. 
No, they are very much alive and still actively busy with humanity.
My people believed them to be gods and worshipped them as gods.
And God has come to show me the truth about this in His Quran.
That we as humans, in our error, and being deceived, did and do take as worship these beings that are of the different species than us.
And God ask us, why are we worshipping them?
Why are we turning to them for answers?
Why are we turning to them for help?
When they offer us no help, except deception.
They in their delusion are only there to deceive us and lead us astray.
Lead us away from God.
Mr X is no one’s friend.
He is a deserter of the worst kind.
Breathe.
I must always remember to breathe.
But that is what is my new reality.
My new understanding of all these things that has happened to me and what has occurred in my life.
And me being aware of it and now talking about it, has made Mr X aware of me and that is why he is on my trail, now more than ever.
Anyone who believes in the true God, immediately goes high up on his list of individuals he must deal with.
Any speak of the true God must be silenced.
It serves no good for him.
It counteracts his plot and plan.
But to speak of this, and to speak of God, as I said before, is a test from God Himself.
He is in control of everything.
He lets Mr X come at you.
He is testing your faith.
Do you fear Him or do you fear Mr X?
Do you believe He has power or does Mr X have power?
All power belongs to God alone, so why fear anything other than Him?
And do you have faith enough to rest, and be assured, that God will take care of you when you are in the midst of this enemy of yours?
These are all the things that has dawned upon me, and that I was able to realize, and see, as I reflected on that eve and day of Dia De Muertos.
As I reflected on my life, ever since that day, more than seven years ago now.
What, we are in 2021 now.
It is all a big test.
It is all real.
And the only truth comes from God.
That we have an enemy.
Mankind is not an enemy to each other. 
No.
We are meant to be one.
Meant to live in harmony.
Meant to care, love and help one another.
No human is better than the other.
None is inferior.
None is superior.
We are only here to do good to one another.
That is then how God works through each of us.
For the good of all.
But this can only happen if we believe in Him.
As long as we are in disbelief, Mr X will have the upper hand.
He will work against us.
He will make us work against each other.
He is so angry that God favors us and not him, or his kind, that he will do absolutely anything and everything to gain control over us and lead us away from God.
Breathe.
Well, back to that day of Dia de Muertos.
As I recall, Mami Maria told me the ritual will start as soon as we arrive on the hacienda.
The ritual was not merely things that was going to be done.
It involved consciousness, prayers.
I knew none of what she was talking about.
But what I understood was, that she would be busy doing things.
Her being in meditation the whole night, was what she was referring to here.
I can’t share any details with you of what she and my aunt and grandmother were doing.
I had no interest in that.
I didn’t believe in any of it.
Like I told you, I want no part in this.
I really only wanted my family to stop.
Stop harassing me and to stop saying that I was destined to come.
To return.
I wanted it to end.
That is the only reason I agreed to do this.
For a child to hear these things is too much and too overwhelming.
And I mean, I was only a child back then.
My condition for agreeing to partake, was that I be left alone in my room.
And I insisted, that if it is allowed, that Miguel be with me.
I didn’t want to know anything they were doing or planning.
They agreed to this.
My presence was all that was necessary.
I was sort of relieved and glad for that.
Relieved?
Breathe.
That was before all the crazy things started happening.
Breathe.
To tell you the truth.
This ritual was what made all these things happen.
The ritual gave these things, that happened, power.
My family is deceived when they think, or believe, that the ritual is necessary to find some truth.
Or to receive some sign.
Some confirmation.
To discover if I am really who they think I am.
That is a lie, that they believe.
And in this lie, lies the fact that it was only allowing these things access to us.
Access to me.
To put it bluntly and plainly.
If they did not do this ritual, Mr X would not be able to come close to me at all.
But that is what I know.
My family should seize what they are busy with.
These rituals are no good.
They bring no good.
They only give Mr X and his troops access.
And Mr X intends no good at all.
Breathe in and breathe out.
Anyway, I told Mami what happened in the casita.
She only took all of what I said as confirmation of what she believed.
That I was what they believed I was.
She was now ready to proceed to the next phase of the ritual.
It was going to be carried out in brought daylight.
On Dia De Muertos.
Like I said, I was not interested to know what they were going to do.
I was in our Casita.
The casita was dark inside, though the sun was out.
It had small windows and the curtains didn’t allow much sunlight in.
Miguel was on his bed. 
I was on mine.
We were chatting about all the nice food and stuff that we were going to eat.
If anything about Dia De Muertos was great, was that it brought families together and that there were always nice things to eat.
I was busy talking when I realized that Miguel had already dozed off.
For some reason, I was also extremely exhausted.
My eyes were heavy.
My shoulders were heavy.
My legs were heavy.
If I were to close my eyes, I would fall asleep immediately.
That much I knew.
And that was what I did.
It was comforting.
Sleeping to pass time, was always good.
Sleeping when I knew bad things lay ahead, was always good.
It gave my mind time to switch off.
Relax.
Anticipating bad things and being awake, was stressful.
Exhausting.
The anxiety of not knowing can drive me crazy.
I am sure it is probably the same for you.
The same for everyone.
So sleep was good.
And sleep that came naturally was great.
I didn’t need to force myself to fall asleep.
No counting the sheep would be necessary.
Staring at the ceiling in itself was an unpleasant thing.
It was exhausting.
Well, I closed my eyes and that was that.
I was asleep.
So I thought.
What happened though, was so real, I am convinced to say that I was not sleeping at all.
Outside, the ritual was taking place.
And here, inside the casita, the effects of what my family was busy doing, was manifesting.
I would ordinarily have written it off as just a dream.
But, no, I can’t.
It was not a dream; it was merely dreamlike.
Breathe.
I am reminded suddenly.
Gently down the stream.
Life is but a dream.
That couldn’t be more accurate.
Our life is really one big dream.
One from which few of us actually wake up from.
This matrix is so firmly rooted, that we can never truly wake up from it.
There are so many layers to the onion, that it seems we can never get to the core.
Once you think you know something, you realize you know nothing.
You peel the onion and just find that there is another layer and just another and just another.
Your eyes get hurt and you tear up.
It is so much to handle that you prefer to just turn away from it.
Wipe the tears away and just ignore it.
Ignorance is bliss and that is maybe true.
But is it bliss to know you are being deceived?
Not at all.
There is no bliss in turning a blind eye to seeing the reality and what is being done to humanity.
This rabbit hole is deep.
And I say, we must face the reality, rather than try and fall asleep.
We are lucky if we are able to see through some of the cracks of the matrix.
But hey.
I was asleep.
In the casita.
And boy, was it an awakening.
Breathe in.
Breathe out.
What I am going to tell you now, all happened in the casita.
On that day.
Dia De Muertos.
2013.
I do not expect that you will believe me.
That is not the point of this.
I am not here to convince you that it was real.
I am not here to convince myself that it was real.
It was real.
It was not a dream.
I am just here sharing with you what happened.
That is all.
Believe me or not.
It does not matter.
I am only sharing my truth.
Breathe in.
So, here it goes.
This is it.
I turned and saw that Miguel was up.
Up is an understatement.
Something had a hold of him and was shoving him up against the wall.
Miguel was helpless against it.
He was trying to free himself from its grip, but Miguel was powerless against it.
The thing had its hands around Miguel’s neck.
It was choking him.
Suffocating him.
Breathe.
I can’t really describe this thing, but I will try.
It was cloaked.
It was dark.
It was humanlike.
Breathe out.
Breathe in.
Remember to breathe.
I was scared.
The whole scene was like something out of a horror movie.
The scary kind.
Not the blood and gore, why-was-this-movie-even-made kind.
I, for some reason, was brave though.
I can’t put it any other way.
It was not a conscious bravery.
I just acted.
That is all I can say.
That is the best way I can put it.
As Miguel was struggling to free himself.
Fighting to stay alive.
I glanced over at the gourd that received.
From what I thought was a farm worker.
That was yesterday.
The eve of Dia De Muertos.
I didn’t tell you about it, because it was just such strange encounter, that I didn’t think anyone would believe me.
But the man gave me a gourd.
It was filled with refreshing milk.
Anyway, I brought it back with me and it was here next to my bed.
As I glanced at it, I remembered what was written in the sand.
After the farmer mysteriously disappeared.
Read.
Read in the name of your Lord.
What that meant I had no clue.
It was just odd.
Anyway, as I stared at the gourd, all these memories came flooding back. Like I could literally see it all.
This while Miguel was being attacked by this thing.
I didn’t know what to do.
All that came to my mouth was.
Please help me.
Please help Miguel.
Lord, if you are there.
Please, help us.
I just blurted it out.
Breathe out.
Really.
Breathe in.
Suddenly I got out of the bed and swiftly made my way to the thing.
I grabbed its cloak and yanked it towards me.
It was light as a feather.
It was not able to hold onto Miguel anymore.
Or it was more that it was suddenly only aware of me and no one else.
I could also sense that it was scared.
Of me.
Little me.
Miguel was okay and I knew.
I couldn’t focus on him, but a feeling of calm and assurance, that he was okay, came over me. 
I can’t put it any other way.
Well, I was holding onto this thing.
It grew smaller right in front of me.
Almost like it was some child, even shorter.
Like it was a dwarf compared to me.
It was ugly looking.
But I wasn’t afraid of it.
I kept smashing it into the casita wall and dragging it towards the door.
It wasn’t even trying to put up a fight.
It was like it knew it couldn’t do anything to me.
Why I do not know.
How I was able to all I was doing I did not know.
Back then, I didn’t know at all.
Today, I know why.
But hey.
I smashed it against the wall repeatedly and dragged it all along the wall, all the way to the casita door.
I opened the door and kicked it out.
Literally kicked it with my right foot.
Up its back side.
It fell forward, sort of embarrassed.
I went in for another kick.
Just as I lifted my foot, it opened its wings.
I could feel the feathers brush against my leg.
It flapped its small wings and lifted up into the air.
It was fleeing.
It was like it was dark outside when all this happened.
I saw it ascend higher into the sky.
Suddenly it grew back to the size it was when it was choking Miguel.
It was the size of a grown man.
It was still wearing this dark cloak.
Suddenly it multiple right in the air.
Right in front of my eyes.
First there were six of these things. 
All identical.
Then there were twenty.
Then suddenly a hundred.
It filled the sky in front of me.
Later it seemed like thousands.
All identical.
All flying high up in the sky above Hacienda Buena Onda.
They were so many, it was like a huge dark cloud above the hacienda.
I really want you to grasp the sheer number.
It was like a huge mountain was hovering in the sky.
All these flying things, in black cloaks.
They all flew in unison.
Then the weirdest thing happened.
They all bunched together.
They all merged.
Hey, I do not know how else to put it.
It was like they were all still individual, but they were all coming together to form a bigger thing.
Their wings sort of overlapped.
It was flying towards the side of the hacienda and making a turn.
I could make out the color of the wings.
It was brown.
I was able to see the detail of the wings, the detail of the feathers.
All like pieces of a puzzle that made up this thing.
It was a huge dog.
Yip.
Breathe out.
No Estándar.
No.
Rather a gigantic Estándar.
It was a huge Xoloitzcuintle.
A massive Xolo.
It circled south and then came back towards the hacienda.
I remember its brown color clearly.
The feathers were no more and it was just this brownish, smooth fur, body, of this unbelievably big dog.
As it came around back from the southern side of the hacienda, it descended.
It descended into the earth.
Then suddenly it popped out from under the well next to the casita.
It poked its head into our casita.
Its huge red eyes were on me.
I could tell that this thing was angry.
It was furious.
Then it let out an inhumane scream.
This scream was so loud that it shook the walls of the casita.
It was like an earthquake as the floor trembled beneath my feet.
It said one word only.
Moloch.
Breathe in.
It was so unnerving.
It brushed pass Miguel, again as if warning me.
Then it just vanished in front of my eyes.
I looked over at Miguel.
He was in his bed.
I was relieved.
I opened my eyes and that was that.
I was safely in the casita.
On my bed.
I felt extremely good.
Completely relaxed.
I felt safe and not scared.
I can’t say more than that.
You would say it was just a dream.
I am telling you.
It was not.
No way could my mind make all of that up.
And it was more the feeling.
The knowledge within me that convinced me.
Convinces me.
That I experienced something extraordinary.
Something supernatural.
I got out of bed and woke Miguel up.
He was rubbing his neck.
He said that he was thirsty and felt weird.
I gave him some of the milk to drink.
He said his neck hurt.
It was like something was choking him.
But he couldn’t say what it was.
He didn’t remember much.
But he said that it was a close call.
Had the thing held him any longer, he would have been dead.
What it was he didn’t know.
He was just glad it was over.
He asked me if I noticed anything strange.
I lied.
I said no.
I didn’t want to tell Miguel what I witnessed.
I didn’t want to talk about it with no one.
I didn’t want any part of this anymore.
I wanted it over and done with.
I hoped Mami and the rest were done with the ritual and that it could all be put to rest.
I opened the casita door and it was about sunset.
They were done.
I was grateful for that.
And more than ever, they were convinced.
That I was who they claimed I was.
The chosen one.
Tia abuela Rosita was proud of herself.
She believed more than ever that she was indeed a Curandero. 
Her radar was spot on.
The ritual was successful.
They were no longer in doubt.
It was a fact.
That was that.
Breathe in and breathe out.
My opinion on this ritual differs vastly to that of my family’s.
In my honest opinion, and more conviction, they were and are meddling with things they are not meant to be meddling with.
These rituals do not serve the purpose they think they do, nor intend to do.
They are being deceived by the very entities they are asking for guidance from.
If I take what happened that day.
What Miguel and I experienced were vastly different from what they were experiencing while they were waiting for their sign.
Their confirmation that I was the ancestor they were waiting on to return.
This ritual and all rituals a like, are absolutely no good.
If anything, it only gave those beings the power to influence and control us more.
That is my stance and that is where I left it.
That is when I decided to leave Mexico and decided to never to return.
Breathe in and out.

2021
Los Angeles
City of Angels

He hesitates.
“Wait.” 
She turns and waits.
He walks closer to her.
“Do you remember? There, before we left for the peaks?”
Her eyes go small.
“Yes, I do.”
“I asked you if you would up and run away with me.”
He smiles.
 “Yes.”
“What about it?” She was curious.
He looks into her eyes.
They made him feel safe.
“It’s just, I was thinking, then. If I had a choice. If I had any sort of influence. I would still choose this.”
“Choose what, exactly.” She also kept her eyes on his. They made her feel secure.
“To love.”
“Who?”
“You.”
They stare at each other and say nothing.
For this moment it was just the two of them.
As if these beings that surrounded them did not exist.
“And I choose to love you.”
She takes his hand in hers. 
“Let’s start. It is time.”
He nods his head.
“Pretty, I am ready.”
She smiles.
“Ooh la la, this is gonna be so much fun.”
They turn and face the being that was standing in front of them.
The gems in its many wings were shining brightly.
It stretches it wings and with one flap, it was hovering above the sea waters. 
Suddenly a bright light emits from the being’s hand.
It appeared so suddenly and was so bright that it looked like an arrow shot from its hand deep into the sea.
“I guess it is clear.”
“True, Pretty.”
“We must head into the sea.”
“Ready?”
“But how are we going to breath?”
“I’m sure it is all taken care of. We must just believe.”
She agrees.
“Okay.”
Let’s go.
Soon as they turned to face the waters, they were hovering directly above where the golden arrow shot into the sea and the next minute, they were in the water.
She was holding her breath the whole time, but when she couldn’t any more, she gasped for air.
She took a deep breath in.
The air was so refreshing; it was like it was her first time actually breathing.
She smiles at him.
He smiles at her.
They looked around.
They were safe.
They were inside a big bubble.
Once they knew they were safe, they relaxed more.
“Why were we scared in the first place?” She asks.
“True. Have we not always been taken care of, without needing to ask for anything?”
She agreed.
“Without measure.”
“Yes, Pretty.”
She looks around.
“It’s so beautiful. All this life.”
“Indeed, Pretty.”
They travel ever deeper and deeper into the waters.
“The darkness here is like darkness upon darkness and then it seems like fog.”
“Creepy, Pretty.”
He sits closer to her.
“Don’t be a scaredy cat. Nothing is gonna happen to us. Look, he is still with us.”
They look at the being with the many wings escorting them.
It was beautiful.
As it was descending with them into the depths, it appeared to be gliding in the water.
It also looked as if its wings were not getting wet.
It was an enormous creature.
“I am convinced it is an angel.” She whispers.
“Sent here to protect us.” He agrees.
Suddenly they move slower.
“We must be getting close.” 
“Yes, look!” She shouts.
He looks in the direction she was pointing.
“It’s the arrow.”
They move ever closer to the arrow and come to a complete standstill.
“It is lodged into that thing there. It looks heavy.”
“It looks dangerous.”
They stare at the angel.
It was just hovering there in front of them.
“What must we do?”
“I think it is clear.”
She reaches forward and grabs the arrow.
“We must get rid of it.”
He looks at her.
“Let me help you.” He grabs the arrow too.
Suddenly a whole chain reaction starts and many more of these dangerous looking objects appear.
The arrow lodged itself into all of them.
They pull and they all start to lift.
“Have you got it?”
“Yes, Pretty.”
She stares at the angel.
“Sir, we are ready.”
The angel gently flaps its wings and just like that, they were above the water.
The bubble bursts and a cool, light mist sprinkles over their faces.
“So refreshing.” 
He just smiles.
“What now, Pretty?”
“We get it away from here.”
The angel flaps gently and just like that, they were in space.
They let go of the arrow.
The giant being takes it and flicks it gently to its right.
All the dangerous objects start to float around it.
The being opens its right hand and suddenly the dangerous objects pulls towards a point in the darkness and disappears.
As if they were never there at all.
The girl and boy look at each other.
“Do you feel that?” She asks and puts her hand to her heart.
“The sadness seems to be gone.” He too puts his hand to his heart.
She nods her head.
They smile at the being.
“What is next, Sir?” She smiles excitedly.
The boy turns and looks at her.
She was really pretty.
Here in this place that had no light, she was like her own light.
How is it that they were so warm and breathed with no difficulty at all?
He looks at the being.
This thing was doing something to keep them up here.
Safe.
He turns and faces down.
She turns and faces down.
“Wow!” Shouts the girl.
“Wah!!!” He exclaims. 
Their eyes meet.
“Yes, Pretty.” He nods.
“Beautiful, yes.” She agrees.
“He makes beautiful things.” He says.
She smiles and nods.
They turn and face the being.
“We are ready, Sir.” 
The being spreads its wings.
It fills the blackness in front of them. 
It was so huge; they could barely see where the wings ended.
“It is so beautiful.” She was mesmerized.
“There must be more than six hundred wings.” He too was left in awe.
“He certainly does make beautiful things.”
Suddenly they start moving away from the being.
Back to where they were.
There by the sea shore.
Where they were before they descended into the waters.
They land softly on the white sands.
They look up into the sky.
They could still see the being. It still had its wings spread wide.
They were not sure, but it seemed as if things were approaching fast from behind it. The things crash into its wings, but it disintegrates as soon as it impacts the wings.
All that remains of it, was this dust.
The dust came towards them.
It stirs the sea waters.
Gently.
Small waves come towards them, breaking gently.
The water sinks into the sand beneath their feet.
The golden dust scatters into the air and disappears.
The being closes its wings and vanishes.
They turn and face each other.
“All the sadness is gone.”
“The fear too.”
They smile.
“I think we are done, Pretty. We did what we had to do.”
“That was so easy. Not difficult at all.”
“Why do you think we had to do it? That being was capable of doing it all by himself.”
He looks up at the blue skies.
Then back at her.
“Because the choice was ours.”
She looks up at the sky.
Then meets his eyes.
“Our choice to love.”
“Yes, Pretty.”
They turn and look around.
“Where are we exactly?”
They look around.
There was a cliff.
“It says Point Dume.”
They smile.
“Malibu.”
Blank page

Be wary of others
The ones closest to you (oh)
The poison they feed you
And the voodoo that they do

Rebellion
Britney Spears





“I seek refuge with Allah from Satan and I begin in the name of Allah, The Most Gracious, The Most Merciful
None has the right to be worshiped but Allah alone, who has no partner. His is the dominion and His are the praise and He is able to do all things.
In the Name of Allah, Who with His Name nothing can cause harm in the earth nor in the heavens, and He is the All-Hearing, the All-Knowing.
O Allah protect me from my front, behind me, from my right and my left, and from above me, and I seek refuge in Your Magnificence from being taken unaware from beneath me.
Ameen."












As Allah wills





