"Jesus Revelations"
By Alecia B. Gardner 
Smashwords Edition 
Copyright 2016 Alecia B. Gardner 

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please download an additional copy for each recipient. If you're reading this book and did not download it or it was not downloaded for your use only, then please return to smashwords.com and download your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

contact the author: www.facebook.com/aleciabgardner

TABLE OF CONTENTS

*SECTION 1: FOR ADULTS*

JESUS MUST RETURN IN SECRET
THE JEWS THOUGHT JESUS WAS SATAN
JESUS PARANOID THAT SOMEONE PLANNED TO KILL HIM
JESUS OWN BROTHERS DIDN’T BELIEVE IN HIM
THE JEWS THAT HATED JESUS, DID SO BECAUSE JESUS REBELLED AGAINST MOSES AND TRADITION
THE POOR
GOD BLESSES POOR PEOPLE TOO
JESUS  WAS A WONDERING PREACHER

What Did Jesus Say? What It Means To Follow Jesus
   ON EXPERTS IN RELIGION
   TIDBITS
   WHAT JESUS SAYS ABOUT THE END OF THE WORLD AND HIS RETURN 

DON'T BRAG ABOUT WHAT YOU DO FOR GOD
INTERPRETING THE BIBLE IS DIFFERENT FOR EVERYONE
DEVILS, DEMONS, AND JESUS
DON’T APPEAR ARROGANT IF YOU SERVE GOD 
JESUS CAME TO STOP SIN
THE JESUS PAPARAZZI 
IS JESUS MARRIED?
PROSTITUTES (SLUTS) BRING DISEASE, SHAME, AND POVERTY
PROSTITUTES AND SLUTS RUIN MENS’ LIVES
AVOID HER TO AVOID BEING RUINED
UNTHINKABLE SINS
THEY MURDERED GODS PEOPLE
ARE YOU REALLY SAVED?
CREEPY BIBLE STUFF
THE DEATH HORSEMEN
THE MARK OF THE BEAST
THE SUICIDE OF PLANET EARTH

*SECTION 2 FOR KIDS*

Part 1- Parable Lessons

Lesson: OBEY GOD based on:
 Matthew 7:24-27  
"The Birds In The Storm" 

 Lesson: WHERE GOD’S LOVE TAKES ROOT 
Based on: Matthew 13: 3-8,18-23  
"The Sad Little Boy" 

LESSON: MERCY based on: 
Matthew 18:23-35  
“The Lazy Squirrel” 

Lesson: SHOWING LOVE TO ALL 
based on: Matthew 20:1-15  
“The Candy Store” 


Lesson: LET THE PEOPLE URGE YOU TO THE TOP, DON’T PUT YOURSELF THERE 
based on: Luke 14:8-11  
“The Birthday Party” 


Lesson: DO FAVORS FOR THOSE WHO CAN’T REPAY, SO THEY WILL LOVE YOU INSTEAD OF RETURNING THE FAVOR
based on: Luke 14:13-14  
“Suddenly Rich” 

Lesson: STAY CONNECTED TO GOD OR YOU WILL WITHER AND DIE INSIDE 
based on: John 15:1-6  
“Fruit Tree” 


Lesson: BE READY FOR LORD’S RETURN 
based on: Matthew 25:1-12  
“The Children Who Waited” 

Lesson: LOVE EVERYONE, EVEN THE REJECTS, BE A GOOD NEIGHBOR 
based on: Luke 10:30-37  
“The Strange Man” 


Lesson: TO FOLLOW JESUS, YOU MUST KNOW EXACTLY WHAT YOU ARE GETTING INTO, AND BE COMPLETELY DEDICATED TO IT OR NOT DO IT AT ALL. 
based on: Luke 14:27-32  
“Think Before You Act” 

Lesson: HE WAS LOST, AND BY BAD CHOICES HE SUFFERED PUNISHMENT ENOUGH TO REALIZE WHAT HE DID WRONG CAUSED HIS SUFFERING, SO HE REPENTED 
based on: Luke 15:11-32  
“The Two Sons”

INSTRUCTION TEACHINGS                    
    
Lesson: 1. NO ONE KNOWS EVERYTHING, AND NO ONE IS PERFECT (except for God and Jesus)  
based on: Luke 11:46-52

Lesson: 2. PEOPLE THAT USE RELIGION TO GET MONEY  

based on: Luke 20:46-47 

Lesson 3: CONTROL YOUR ANGER  
based on: Matthew 5:21-22 

Lesson 4: SHOWING GOD’S LOVE 
based on: Luke 6:29-30 

Lesson 5: LOVE EVERYONE  
based on: Matthew 5:46-47 

Lesson 6: PRAYING  
based on: Matthew 6:5-6 

Lesson 7: PRAYING  
based on: Matthew 6:7-8

Lesson: 8 SPIRIT  
based on: Matthew 6:22

Lesson 9: GOD OR MONEY?  
based on: Matthew 6:24 

Lesson 10: IT’S EASIER TO LOVE SOMEONE THAT IS HUMBLE THAN TO LOVE SOMEONE THAT IS CONCEITED  
based on: Matthew 23:11-12 

Lesson 11: INNER BEAUTY VERSES OUTER BEAUTY  
based on: Matthew 23:25-26

Lesson 12: TRUST GOD  
based on: Matthew 6:31-32

Lesson 13: DO YOU WALK IN DARKNESS OR LIGHT?  
based on: John 3:3-21 

Lesson 14: BE GIVING  
based on: Luke 6:34 

Lesson 15: GUIDING OTHERS 
based on: Luke 6:39 

Lesson 16: DON’T CRITICIZE OTHERS IF YOU CAN’T TAKE CRITICISM  
based on: Luke 6:42 

Lesson 17: FORGIVENESS  
based on: Luke 7:47

Lesson 18: CARING ABOUT OTHERS  
based on: Luke 9:48 

Lesson 19: BE NICE  
based on: Luke 10:16 

Lesson 20: GOD TAKES CARE OF HIS CHILDREN  
based on: Luke 11:13 

Lesson 21: IS YOUR SOUL PURE OR IMPURE?  
based on: Luke 11:33-36 

Lesson 22: BE PROUD OF GOD  
based on: Luke 12:8-9 

Lesson 23: WHY GOD BLESSES PEOPLE  
based on: Luke 12:48

Lesson 24: LYING AND CHEATING  
based on: Luke 16:10

Lesson 25: OUR JOB TO OBEY GOD  
based on: Luke 17:10 

Lesson 26: FAKE JESUS RETURNS  
based on: Mark 13:21-23

Lesson 27: WHEN WILL THE WORLD END?  
based on: Mark 13:32-33 

Lesson 28: JESUS WASN’T PREJUDICE  
based on: Matthew 5:45 and Luke 7:33-35 

WHAT DID JESUS SAY? WHAT IT MEANS TO FOLLOW JESUS FOR KIDS  
(ACTIVITIES)                   
    
Activity for: “The Birds In The Storm” 
Activity for: “The Sad Little Boy” 
Activity for “The Lazy Squirrel”
Activity for “The Candy Store” 
Activity for: “Suddenly Rich” 
Activity for: “Fruit Tree” 
Activity for: “The Children Who Waited” 
Activity for “Strange Man” 
Activity for “Think Before You Act” 

NO ONE KNOWS EVERYTHING, AND NO ONE IS PERFECT 
Writing 

PEOPLE THAT USE RELIGION TO GET MONEY  
Ask The Children 

CONTROL YOUR ANGER  
Writing 

SHOWING GOD’S LOVE  
Writing 

LOVE EVERYONE  
Writing

PRAYING  
Talk About It 

PRAYING  
Talk About It 

SPIRIT  
Talk About It  

GOD OR MONEY? 
Writing 

IT’S EASIER TO LOVE SOMEONE THAT IS HUMBLE THAN TO LOVE SOMEONE THAT IS CONCEITED  
Talk About It 

INNER BEAUTY VERSES OUTER BEAUTY  
Writing 

TRUST GOD  
Talk About It 

DO YOU WALK IN DARKNESS OR LIGHT? 
Writing 

BE GIVING 
Writing 

GUIDING OTHERS ACTIVITY DON’T CRITICIZE OTHERS IF YOU CAN’T TAKE CRITICISM 
Writing 

FORGIVENESS 
Writing

BE NICE  
Talk About It

GOD TAKES CARE OF HIS CHILDREN 
Talk About It 

IS YOUR SOUL PURE OR IMPURE? 
Talk About It 

BE PROUD OF GOD 
Talk About It 

WHY GOD BLESSES PEOPLE 
Talk About It

LYING AND CHEATING 
Talk About It 

OUR JOB TO OBEY GOD 
Talk About It 

FAKE JESUS RETURNS  
Talk About It 

JESUS WASN’T PREJUDICE  
Talk About It 

“JESUS MUST RETURN IN SECRET”

“it’s rider was given power to take peace from the earth and to make men slay each other. To him was given a large sword.” - Revelations 6:4

“Do not suppose that I have come to bring peace, but a sword. For I have come to turn a man against his father, a daughter against her mother, a daughter-in-law against her mother-in-law. A man’s enemies will be the members of his own household.” -Matthew 10:31-36

“Then I saw heaven opened, and behold, a white horse! The one sitting on it is called Faithful and True, and in  righteousness he judges and makes war. His eyes are like a flame of fire, and on his head are many diadems, and he has a name written that noone knows but himself. From his mouth comes a sharp sword with which to strike down the nations… On his robe and on his thigh he has a name written, King of Kings.” -Revelations 19:11,12,15, and 16 ESV Bible  -diadems means symbols of crowns of authority. He will have symbols of crowns. He will be marked on his thigh. The sharp sword from the mouth is his intelligence and wisdom will strike down all ignorance in the world. When Jesus returns, many people will be arguing about who is right. There will be much chaos concerning how to conduct the world. Jesus will convince all arguments to turn to his wisdom. If they don’t listen to Jesus wisdom (not the wisdom of churches. The wisdom of Jesus ONLY), if people don’t listen to Jesus’ wisdom then the world will remain in chaos and cruelty. Also, noone will know he is Jesus except Jesus himself. Jesus said not to believe anyone that says they are Jesus returned, because he won’t announce his return.

“THE JEWS THOUGHT JESUS WAS SATAN”

“But the Pharisees said, “The reason he can cast out demons is that he is demon-possessed himself- POSSESSED BY SATAN, the demon King!” - Matthew 9:34  -and-  “The student shares his teachers fate, the servant shares his masters! And since I, the master of the household, HAVE BEEN CALLED, ‘SATAN’, how much more will you!” - Matthew 10:25  -and-  “Don’t be afraid! Though I am the first and the last, the Living One who died, who is now alive forevermore, WHO HAS THE KEYS OF HELL AND DEATH”.. -Revelations 1:17-18  -and-  “This message is sent to you by THE ONE WHO IS HOLY AND TRUE, and has the key of David to open what no one can shut and to shut what no one can open.”- Revelations 3:7  THE KEY OF DAVID IS THE KEY OF HELL AND DEATH. The Pharisees believed only Satan could control those forces of evil. But God controls ALL forces.

“JESUS PARANOID THAT SOMEONE PLANNED TO KILL HIM”

“Why do you seek to kill me? The crowd answered, ‘You have a demon! Who is seeking to kill you?” -John 7:19-20

“JESUS OWN BROTHERS DIDN’T BELIEVE IN HIM”

“After this, Jesus went about in Galilee. He would not go about in Judea, because the Jews were seeking to kill him. Now the Jews Feast of Booths was at hand. So his brothers said to him, ‘Leave hear and go to Judea, that you disciples also may see the works you are doing. For no one works in secret if he seeks to be known openly. IF YOU DO THESE THINGS, SHOW YOURSELF TO THE WORLD! FOR NOT EVEN HIS OWN BROTHERS BELIEVED IN HIM.” -John 7:1-5

But we believe in Jesus, don’t we? Otherwise I wouldn’t have written this and you wouldn’t be reading it. So go on. Read what it means to follow and love Jesus.  If you love someone, you care about how they feel, right? Get an understanding of how Jesus felt. And also, remember what he told us of his return. Look for the signs of the end of the world. This is when you must grab ahold of your faith in Jesus even more. Because Jesus is the only one who knows how to save you. Onward…

“THE JEWS THAT HATED JESUS, DID SO BECAUSE JESUS REBELLED AGAINST MOSES AND TRADITION”

“Do you not see that whatever goes into a person from the outside cannot defile him, since it enters not his heart but his stomach, and is expelled?” -Mark 7:18

JESUS DECLARED FOOD FORBIDDEN BY MOSES AS CLEAN SINCE IT DOESN’T DEFILE THE SPIRIT, THUS JESUS DECLARED MOSES’ LAW VOID AND FOOLISH.

Jesus also healed a Roman soldier’s slave. This angered the Zealots. They called Jesus a traitor. Then the Zealots convinced the Jewish Priest to kill Jesus for that and for claiming to be the Messiah.

John the Baptist ate locusts and honey despite this: “All flying insects that swarm are unclean to you; do not eat them.” - Deuteronomy 14:19

lesson: If all there is to eat is insects, then cook insects and eat them.

Jesus pointed out that their hopes were set in Moses instead of in Jesus. “Do not think that I will accuse you to the Father. There is one who accuses you. Moses, on whom you have set your hope.” - John 5:45 

“THE POOR”

“So we should be well satisfied without money if we have enough food and clothing. But people who long to be rich soon begin to do all kinds of wrong things to get money, things that hurt them and make them evil-minded and finally send them to hell itself.” - 1 Timothy 6:8-9

“Dear brothers, what’s the use of saying that you have faith and are Christians if you aren’t proving it by helping others? Will that kind of faith save anyone? If you have a friend who is in need of food and clothing and you say to him, “Well, good-bye and God bless you; stay warm and eat healthy, “and then don’t give him clothes or food, what good does that do?”- James 2:14-15

“Beware! Don’t refuse a loan because the year of debt cancellation is close at hand; If you refuse to make the loan and the needy man cries out to the Lord, it will be counted against you as a sin.” - Dueteronomy 15:9

“Then he went over to the collection boxes in the temple and sat and watched as the crowds dropped in their money. Some who were rich put in large amounts. Then a poor widow came and dropped in two pennies. He called his disciples to him and remarked, “That poor widow has given more than all these rich men put together! For they gave a little of their extra fat, while she gave up her last penny.” - Mark 12:41-44

“Dear brothers, how can you claim that you belong to the Lord Jesus Christ, the Lord of Glory, if you show favoritism to rich people and look down on poor people? If a man comes into your church, dressed in expensive clothes and with valuable gold rings on his fingers, and at the same moment another man comes in who is poor and dressed in threadbare clothes, and you make a lot of fuss over the rich man and give him the best seat in the house and say to the poor man, “You can stand over there if you like, or else sit on the floor”- well, judging a man by his wealth, shows that you are guided by wrong motives.” -James 2:1-4

“Jesus watched him go, then turned around and said to his disciples, “It’s almost impossible for the rich to get into the Kingdom of God!” This amazed them, so Jesus said it again: “Dear children, how hard it is for those who trust in riches to enter the kingdom of God!” - Mark 10:23-24

“These arguers- their minds warped by sin- don’t know how to tell the truth; to them the Good News is just a means of making money. Keep away from them.” - 1 Timothy 6:5

"GOD BLESSES POOR PEOPLE TOO" 

I've long been thinking about hypocrisies in religions. All religions of the world have their prophets, their saviors, their enlightened ones. They all had a set of rules to follow, but with technology and wealth have abandoned humility.  

I have a problem with people saying if you give them money you will be blessed. First, Jesus said to give but not to expect anything in return. He said to give out of the goodness of your heart, out of compassion. To give with expectation of return is not giving out of compassion. 

Second, if to give money to be blessed were true, that means you HAVE to give money in order to be blessed. Does that mean if you are poor, you will never be blessed because you have no money to give? No... Tithing is not a trade with God. Tithing isn't about money either. Tithing is about what you have. If you only have your time or your efforts, then use 10 percent of your time and effort to serve God. If you have money, use 10 percent of that to serve God. 

If you are some poor person in some pitiful country where the most you have is your vegetable garden and whatever crafts you make to sell for money to buy clothes for your family, give 10 percent of that or 10 percent of your time to teach about God. Even your words are valuable to God, more so than money. 

Don't believe that you have to pay your way to being blessed. If you are a homeless hobo living in an alley, but filled with wisdom of God, use that. That is what you have to give. Be the homeless guy that shares the word of God with all of the other ally cats. Serve God and you will be blessed. That is what tithing is. Not money only. 

So with this, know I have little money. I have talent and wisdom. I have experience. I have the ability to write and teach. I have compassion. This is what I tithe with to serve God. I don't know what percentage it is, but God fills up most of my waking hours.   

“JESUS  WAS A WONDERING PREACHER”

- A synagogue is a church from Jesus’ time.-  Jesus preached outside, too, not just in churches. “So he continued to travel around preaching in synagogues throughout Judea.” -Luke 4:44 and “one day as he was preaching on the shores of Lake Gannesaret,”.. -Luke 5:1

Jesus preached in synagogues (churches) although he didn’t have formal training to preach. “Here, too, the people were amazed at the things he said. For he spoke as one who knew the truth, INSTEAD OF MERELY QUOTING THE OPINIONS of others as his authority.” -Luke 4:32

What did Jesus teach that he didn’t have formal training, but only had complete faith in God so much that God spoke directly through Jesus?

“WHAT DID JESUS SAY? WHAT IT MEANS TO FOLLOW JESUS”

on experts in religions:

Italics are references to what teachings are based on.  

1. Luke 11:46-52 Experts in religion hide the truth from people, won’t accept the truth themselves, and prevent others from having a chance to believe the truth themselves. God has said that he would send prophets and apostles to experts in religion, but these religious experts will either kill or chase off God’s apostles and prophets.

2. Luke 20:46-47 Beware of the experts in religion, as they bask in their wealth, parading in front of the crowds in expensive clothing, pretending piety as they inwardly scheme to cheat people of their money.

TEACHINGS AND WISDOM OF JESUS 

3. Matthew 5:21-22 You are in danger of judgment if you are angry, in danger of punishment if you call people names, and in danger of the fires of Hell if you curse someone.

4. Luke 6:29-30 When someone asks something of you, give it to them, plus more. And don‘t worry about getting it back either.

5. Matthew 5:46-47 Even criminals love only those who love them. Even they are friendly only to those who are friendly to them. God gives sunlight to both the evil and to the good. Therefore, love everyone, not just your friends.

6. Matthew 6:5-6 God can’t hear you better if you pray in public. 
    
7. Matthew 6:7-8 God doesn’t want a memorized prayer. He wants original sincerity.

8. Matthew 6:16-18 Public fasting is for attention and pity. Secret fasting is for God.

9. Matthew 6:22 A pure spirit will shine through the eyes like a bright light.

10. Matthew 6:24 You cannot serve two masters: God and money. For you will hate one and love the other. The wealthy that serve God will serve his people with their money

11. Matthew 23:11-12 Those who rise to the top from the bottom, are loved more by the public than those born at the top. Conceited people will trip over their own egos, falling from the love of the public. The humble at heart, one’s without ego, are easy to love, for they don’t see themselves as better than anyone else.

12. Matthew 23: 25-26 What does it matter if you are beautiful, rich, or have high status if your spirit and personality and all secrets within are filled with hatred and sin? Before perfecting your outer life, first perfect your spirit. Then, your spirit will radiate it’s inner beauty into your everyday life, thus attracting the “true” perfect outer (physical world) life.

13. Matthew 6:31-32 Question: who is first in your life? If God is not first in your life, if you do not ask him for guidance in everything you say or do, then your life will be ridden with worry. Worry over money, tomorrow, the next day. If you trust God and listen to him every moment (that inner voice, part of your conscience), you will live in the knowledge that God will take care of you. God will lead you to where you will have what you need to survive. God will compel people to help you if you are in need of help. If there is no one willing to do God’s bidding, God will lead you away from where you stand to another place where you will be welcomed by those who God controls.

14. Luke 6:30. Luke 6:34. Even the wicked will lend money to those who can repay them in full. When you lend someone money, don’t expect it to be returned. Give it as a gift to those who need it more than you.

15. Luke 6:39. When you are lost on your path of life, how can you guide someone else onto their path? You will drag them down and cause their life more harm than they came to you with when they needed someone to help them.

16. Luke 6:42. Don’t point out or try to correct the faults of others if you are unwilling to acknowledge your own faults. 

17. Luke 7:47. One who is full of sorrow for their past, and is forgiven for much, will show more love than one who was forgiven little.

18. Luke 9:48. When you care (or take care of) others, this is a measure of your greatness, and also means you care for Jesus and everything that he is about.

19. Luke 10:16. When you welcome God’s people, you welcome God. When you reject God’s people, you reject God.

20. Luke 11:13. If the sinful take care of their children, don’t you realize that God will take care of his own children even more so than a sinner would?

21. Luke 11:33-36 One with a pure soul will radiate light from within, so much, it will be as though their face glows or as though a floodlight is beamed upon them so that all who encounter them will notice. Don’t hide your light. Share it so that all may see in the darkness by your light. An impure soul is filled with lust and plunges the impure soul into darkness. Be careful of the darkness, to not let it overpower your light that so many people need to see by.

22. Luke 12:8-9 If you deny God, God will deny you. Acknowledge God, and God will acknowledge you.

23. Luke 12:48 God doesn’t bless people so that they will be the spoiled children of God. When God blesses you with money, possessions, prestige, whatever it may be, more responsibility is expected toward the service of God using the resources that God has given you to use.

24. Luke 16:10. Don’t trust anyone who lies or cheats about small matters. Those who lie about little matters, lie about more important matters. Those who cheat a little, will cheat even more if handed more responsibility.

25. Luke 17:10. Don’t obey God simply so people watching you will think highly of you. It is your duty to obey God. Don’t expect praise for doing what God considers your chores.

26. Matthew 5:28 To fantasize about having sex with someone you aren’t married to is committing fornication with them in your heart. If you are consumed with lust for a certain person, it is best to marry the person if you two are capable of loyalty to one another. Lust is God’s natural way of getting us to reproduce, intended to be used appropriately. Most physical acts are based upon desire to do the thing in the first place. For instance, a kid grows up desiring to win the Olympics, so they train themselves to achieve just that. If someone desires something enough, they will go after that which they desire. So be careful what you desire. If you desire a certain person, be certain that it is someone you intend to marry or are already married to. I think God would be okay with someone desiring the person they are fixing to marry. 

WHAT JESUS SAYS ABOUT THE END OF THE WORLD AND HIS RETURN 

27. Mark 13:21-23 If someone claims to be Jesus, or tells you that Jesus is at such and such place, they are lying. Jesus will not announce his arrival, but will come like a thief in the night upon the world.

28. Mark 13:24-27 Everyone alive, saved and damned, will witness the tribulation. There will be a great darkness, void of the sun, moon, or stars for light. Then Jesus will come in the clouds with great power and glory. His angels will gather his chosen ones to save them from further doom that awaits the earth.

29. Mark 13:32-33 Only God knows when the world will end.

30. Luke 21:8-19 If anyone claims to be the Messiah, they are lying. If someone says the Messiah is at a certain location they are lying. That is NOT how Jesus will return. Before the end, you will hear of wars and rebellions against governments and countries, but don’t panic. These things will happen, but the end won’t follow immediately. First there will be great earthquakes, famines, fastly spreading diseases, and terrifying things happening in the heavens (asteroids, meteors, falling stars, and war missiles). Even before these horrors occur, God’s apostles and prophets will be dragged into churches and prisons and before the rulers of the nations. As a result of being falsely accused, they will be made known world-wide, and the message God sent them with will be widely known and honored. 
Don’t worry about how to argue your case, for God will give you words that will make your opponents look stupid. They will hate you for your wit and because you are inarguably sent by God. But there will be many souls won over to God, as a result of your ordeals. 

Even your parents, siblings, relatives, and friends will betray you to those who hunt you. But stand firm. This is the way to the fame that is needed to carry out God’s message to the world. Stand firm, and not a single hair on your head will perish, and you will win souls to God!  

JESUS WASN'T PREJUDICE 

31. Matthew 5:45 33 and Luke 7:33-35 Just as God would send sunlight and rain down on the just and unjust alike, Jesus would spend time with the low-lifes, the rejects, and the people that the respected people of religion would look down upon or consider evil or sinners not worth knowing or helping. Jesus thought they were worth helping. Jesus wasn’t prejudice.   
          
"DON'T BRAG ABOUT WHAT YOU DO FOR GOD" 

I want to alert anyone that is a self-proclaimed messiah, savior, angel, disciple, apostle, diva, call it what you will. Remember how the self-proclaimed "important" people were treated throughout history? 
Jesus made it clear that he wouldn't proclaim himself upon his return, and that he would gather his people as soon as he came. That his return would be like a thief in the night, as fast as a flash of lightening. Don't believe anyone that says they are the messiah. Don't label anyone new as the messiah. I do believe that God sends people to Earth to do his bidding, but even they shouldn't blurt out who they are. If you are aware of being chosen to do God's work, don't shout it out that you remember why God sent you for all to hear. People will think you're insane. They might even hate you. If you know you are chosen to do God's work, simply do it. 

Monks living away from worldly things, go about worshipping God and doing their chores. They don't stand on rooftops shouting to the world what they did today to serve God. They don't brag about the chores they did today. The same should go for all servants of God. Whatever God tells you to do, do it as a chore, not as something to brag about. The people you save in your own humility are also saved by your example. Don't brag about who you save. 

Why do people that "follow" God brag about anything they do when that is the first personality flaw that got Lucifer kicked out of Heaven? You don't have to brag. God knows what you did. Those you help know what you did. Lose sight of that and you lose sight of the personality of Jesus. Aren't we supposed to develop our personalities to be like the personality of Jesus?   
    
"INTERPRETING THE BIBLE IS DIFFERENT FOR EVERYONE" 

No one person's opinion is absolute truth. we all read the Bible differently. It's important not to get arrogant about our opinions. It's important not to think ourselves kings of anyone else. Sharing our opinions is good, but we shouldn't try to dominate others with our opinions. Dominating others with opinions and beliefs is the root cause of religious wars, disputes, hatred, and prejudice. 
Religious debate should be efforts to expand each others minds on the subjects of spirituality, not a heated argument that leads to hatred for the person that doesn't agree with you. 

Never consider yourself right or anyone else right. There might be something out there you will discover to shed light on what you already know that may change your mind. The only ones considered absolute righteous and absolute truthful are Jesus and God. Unless they are sitting in front of everyone for everyone to see, debating your issues, take into account that everyone could be wrong. 
The purpose of discussion is to help one another understand, to remove everyone from their pedestals, to humble one another as well as yourself in that you, nor anyone else is God or ruler of another person's interpretation of the Bible. 

People generally interpret the Bible into literal or symbolic. I've noticed that most leaders of faith disagree with other leaders of faith on which is literal and which is symbolic. They all seem to think their individual opinion is absolute truth and that everyone who disagrees is wrong. How can every single one of those people be right if their beliefs conflict? 

When someone says that "Revelations", for instance, is purely symbolic, how can they say that the rest of the Bible is literal? Did they write the Bible? Only the people who wrote the Bible know what they meant when they wrote it. We can only guess. If Revelations is symbolic, then what's to say the rest of the Bible isn't symbolic? What if it is all symbolic to teach us morality, right from wrong, and how not to make stupid choices in life? 

I personally believe the entire Bible is literal. I believe in dragons, angels, demons, and God speaking through a fire (even though that sounds like pyromancy, a Native American ritual). I believe these things are real because I believe in the spirit world. I believe Jesus is the King of the spirit world. Heaven is part of the spirit world. Jesus has dominion over ALL of the spirit world. So if the Bible says a dragon comes out of the ocean, maybe it is a spirit dragon. 

I'm not saying that I'm right and you're wrong if you disagree. I'm just saying what I think. I don't want to impose my beliefs onto anyone or dominate anyone with them. I just want to share them.          
    
"DEVILS, DEMONS, AND JESUS" 

I’ve been thinking a lot about Jesus and what he did as a living man. I have a theory about devils and demons. They are inside everyone at some point in time. A true follower of Jesus will fight them or drive their seductions or tortures out of their minds. A true follower of Jesus will read Jesus’ teachings, memorize them, imprint them in their hearts, and live by them as if they were law. 

Something I’ve noticed about devils is when people don’t drive them away or don’t get Jesus to drive them away, they end up with painful bodies. These devils cause pain in anyone. Devils use people to hurt other people. They hurt the people they use. Even though our human bodies can house devils inside, the energy from the devils is toxic to our bodies. It's like alcohol. If might make you feel things you want to feel, but it's destructive for your body. 

Jesus was popular for driving demons out and healing the sick. When he drove the demons out of a body, that body could then be filled with God’s light and love. God's love and light is nourishing, healing, and soothing. Even a body that has had only demons leave it is relieved, because demonic energy destroys bodily tissues, bones, and organs.  

Jesus was a walking, living, breathing being of God's energy. God's energy repulses demonic energy. Demonic energy can't feed on God's energy like it can feed on human energy. Out of repulsion, demonic energy would run away from Jesus. When these demons left, after they were inhabiting people's bodies or minds, the people would either be healed, dispossessed, or simply left with trace amounts of God's energy. So it was easy to say Jesus was the Prince of Peace, the one who drives evil away, or the great healer.  

Now healing must be done with prayer. Pray to Jesus for the demons to leave. Pray for God to fill you with his light and love so the demons stay away. But remember, prayer is the same thing as magic. Magic is the concept of saying a few words (spells) to conjure a spirit to make something happen. Magic religions pray (or cast spells) to spirits other than God. Prayer is "supposed" to be prayer to God.  
If you pray for bad things, you are not asking God for these things. You are in fact praying to devils by wishing harm onto others. Wishing for harm is like casting an evil spell. If someone has done you wrong and you want justice, ask God to do what he thinks is best, don't argue with God about it, and let it go. God always gets justice one way or another, but not always how we want him to. And he doesn't want us to dwell on the act of justice, because judgment is God's job, not ours (other than the instance of criminal activity that must be punished by earthly authorities).  

What causes a Christian to pray for harm to happen to someone? When does a Christian cross the line of Christian living to unknowingly doing black magic with evil prayers? When do Christians pray to devils when they think they are praying to God? When they let hatred into their hearts. Hatred is the fuel of devils, the path that intertwines a human heart with the mind of devils. Hatred disconnects you from God. That is why Jesus said to love everyone. Not because he's a pushover, hippy, peace and love dude, but because he knew that if you let hatred in, you open the door for demons to come in.  Hatred is a crippling disease caused by rejecting God and by allowing devils to rule your body and/or mind. Not just your hatred could cripple you, but allowing other people's hatred for you to affect you can cripple you. Shake the dust off your feet, and walk away from those who hate you.            
    
"DON’T APPEAR ARROGANT IF YOU SERVE GOD" 

Arrogance of a prophet angers the critics. note: I’m not saying that Jesus was arrogant. I’m saying that the Jews thought Jesus was arrogant, and that’s why they murdered him. Jesus tried to satisfy their hatred to win them to love. This is why he didn’t fight for his life, or stand up against lies told about him. From the Bible: (John 5:16-18) 16. “And therefore did the Jews persecute Jesus, and sought to slay him, because he had done these things on the Sabbath day. 17. But Jesus answered them, My Father worketh hitherto, and I work. 18. Therefore the Jews sought the more to kill him, because he not only had broken the Sabbath, but said also that God was his Father, making himself equal with God.” 
That was what did it. The Jews saw Jesus as being arrogant to think he was equal to God. Had Jesus not given that impression or had they not have assumed that he saw himself as God’s equal, they may not have tried to kill him. PROPHETS OF GOD, HEED THIS WARNING. DON’T SHOW ARROGANCE. DON’T CLAIM TO BE EQUAL TO ANYONE OF HIGH STATUS, ESPECIALLY GOD OR JESUS, OR ANGELS, OR EVEN A PRESIDENT OR KING. ARROGANCE OF A PROPHET ANGERS THE CRITICS. 

Jesus believed he was meant to die at the hands of the Jews, so he said he was equal to God in the light that he would be killed for it. If you don’t want to be murdered as Jesus was murdered, don’t let people think you are equal to anyone “Kingly”. This is especially important to be careful as missionaries have been crucified overseas. (That’s what I heard on The 700 Club) The approach to sharing God’s word with those who hate Christianity is foolish and suicidal, so please be careful when going out to do God’s work. 
    
"JESUS CAME TO STOP SIN" 

Jesus doesn’t like sin or injustice. He didn’t come here to let people get away with sinning. JESUS CAME HERE TO STOP SIN. Jesus is NOT a get out of jail free card. He will forgive your sins, yes, but only if you are sorry for your sins. His forgiveness doesn’t mean you can get away with sinning. You have to do your part by being sorry for your past, sorry enough to commit to changing, to let Jesus change you, and to follow Jesus instead of sin. 

The purpose of God punishing sins is to force the sinner to feel guilty for sinning. Remember it is God’s job to punish sins, unless it is a criminal act. (Crime is the duty of the authorities to keep peace amongst people. It is still also the duty of God to punish, so crime a double whammy.) You are not God, so revenge in itself is sin. Revenge is someone conceited enough to think they are equal to God. 
Escaping punishment can only be done if you are sorry before your judgment. What does it mean to be sorry? 

Do you feel guilty for what you’ve done? Do you feel regret for what you’ve done? Do you play it over in your mind how you wish you would have done it differently so you wouldn’t have sinned? Is your remorse intense to the point of tears or is it a fleeting moment of “Oh, well. Nobody’s perfect.” 
If you don’t feel intense remorse, guilt, regret, or don’t wish you could change what you’ve done, then you aren’t sorry. If you aren’t sorry, you can’t be forgiven. 

If you are truly sorry, Jesus will forgive you, but he doesn’t hand out freebies that say “sin away, it’s okay, because you can go to heaven through me, sin doesn’t exist if you simply ask for forgiveness.” (asking forgiveness won’t matter if you are not sorry and sincere) Those “freebie” and “get out of jail cards for free” attitudes are lies slipping in through the cracks of religion today. Lies placed by the antichrist that wants you to believe you can get away with anything evil. Remember how he tricked Eve, telling her God won’t punish her for sinning against God. What did God do? He punished her. Were she sorry, instead of hiding from God, and Jesus were there, she’d be forgiven. 
But hiding from God doesn’t get you anywhere except being rejected by God. Because if you reject God by hiding from him, God will reject you. 

Confront God. Confront any evil you have done. See how your sins have hurt others, how it’s damaged your life and the lives of others. Realize the pain you’ve caused. Feel remorse. Feel regret. Imagine how it would be different if you hadn’t sinned in the first place. Let yourself cry in pain for what you’ve done. Vow to never repeat that mistake again, and keep that vow. Apologize to those you’ve caused harm to with your sins. Then ask Jesus to forgive you. Then Jesus will know you are sorry instead of just trying to get away with being evil. 

I wrote this in response to the age old response to what people are generally told about sin. In most cases, they are told to simply ask forgiveness from God, like that’s all it takes. When someone who commits acts of extreme violence such as murder asks “How can I be forgiven?” It ISN’T enough just to ask forgiveness. 

People won’t forgive such monstrosities if the sinner criminal doesn’t prove he is sorry. There are many things to prove you are sorry other than simply crying. Such horrible acts of sin should be proven sorry by heroic acts or self inflicted acts of refraining from the pleasures of life to prove one’s humility. Only then could a sinner of large proportions win the forgiveness of the people. 
    
To win back the forgiveness of God, one must be truly sorry enough to change, and sincere when asking Jesus to heal them and save them. None of this “Jesus doesn’t care what bad things you did or do business.” He does care. He does want you to change. Jesus doesn’t want anyone using him as an excuse to get away with doing evil acts. Jesus doesn’t like sin or injustice. He didn’t come here to let people get away with sinning. JESUS CAME HERE TO STOP SIN.                
    
"THE JESUS PAPARAZZI" 

Did Jesus reproduce, marry, or have a girlfriend? 

Here’s the thing. If Jesus wanted us to know if he was a virgin or not, he would have told us. Or he would have told the people that recorded what he said. Jesus didn’t come to Earth to talk about his personal life.  It doesn’t matter whether Jesus was married or not, whether he reproduced or not. 

Jesus was "without sin". It is not sin to be married and loyal to one woman your entire life. It is not sin if you control your lust. Perhaps Jesus refused to feel lust or marry. It is easier to serve God that way, so he may have been celibate. Either way, it's none of our concern what he chose. But without sin would imply that Jesus was NOT a fornicator, and not all of those other sins either. 

Look at it this way. Even though his holy mother was married, and had children other than Jesus, we still refer to her as a virgin. Even though she clearly wasn’t a virgin for long. The point is, people still see the holy mother as the embodiment of purity. We still call her the Virgin Mary. So even if Jesus was a virgin or not, we should still see him as the male embodiment of purity, just as his mother is the female embodiment of purity. 

If Jesus wanted people to nose in his business he would have told us more about his personal life. All of you people trying to fill in the gaps that Jesus left, need to mind your own business. Jesus didn’t like gossip. Gossip is where people make up things about people because they don’t have the slightest clue as to what is true. They don’t seem to care that the person they are gossiping about doesn’t want to make their personal lives public. 

I’ve dealt with my share of gossip in my life. I don’t tell people what goes on in my life, so they make up lies to fill in the gaps. They attack me for the lies, even when I go behind them and prove that they are lying. I’ve backed up my stories with evidence, proving them to be gossiping liars that just enjoy ruining people’s lives. They go into a corner and growl or come back at me cussing, screaming, and name-calling. I guess they can’t think of any good excuse for lying in the first place. 

When will people learn that certain things about people’s lives are not important to know in the public? Certain things don’t make a person’s teachings or purpose in life any different whether they did this or did that. The only thing that does matter about a person’s actions is did that person cause someone else harm (emotional, mental, or physical harm)? Harm is something the public should know about because harm is cruelty, evil, and disrespect. 

Now if someone is a murderer or a pervert, that should be public knowledge. Everyone has the right to be safe from evil people. Everyone has the right to know who is dangerous. They say that all of the serial killers were very charming and magnetic before anyone figured out they were murderers. Satan is always charming before he strikes, like a snake hypnotizing a mouse before it lunges in and attacks. So I’m not writing this privacy issue to defend criminals. I think dangerous people should be publicly watched through a live video feed to see if they really are dangerous or if it’s rumors. However, if they have admitted to killing someone or hurting someone, that should not be considered private. Dangerous people don’t deserve privacy. Never trust a person’s words if they harm others. Never depend on a harmful person to show good character for very long.

I was referring to the fact that Jesus wanted his personal life private. Otherwise, he would have told us if he had a girlfriend or wife. His teachings wouldn’t have been better or worse even if Jesus had a woman. So what’s it matter? Having a wife wouldn’t have made Jesus impure. Whether Jesus had a woman or not would not have caused harm to his purpose in life to save our souls. So get off of that subject and quit acting like the Jesus Paparazzi.         
    
“IS JESUS MARRIED?”

There are two cities, also known as women, in Revelations. They are Babylon (the prostitute) and Jerusalem (the bride of Jesus). We don’t know who the bride is, but she isn’t the prostitute as some modern cultures believe. She isn’t Magdalene, the prostitute friend of Jesus. Babylon and Jerusalem are two different cities/women. Throughout history, people ruling a nation were also said to be the nation. Example: Ceasar is Rome. Cleopatra is Egypt. So the prostitute is a ruler and a nation. The Holy woman is a different ruler and different nation. (Revelations 21:9-10 “Come hither, I will shew thee the bride, the Lamb’s wife”) and description of prostitute’s nation is in Revelations 17:1-5 and 17:16-17. In Revelations, the Beast hates the prostitute that rides the red dragon. The Beast also hates the mother of Jesus and attempts to murder both mother and child as she is giving birth (in labor). The Beast is the embodiment of hatred, lies, and dictatorship. It’s unclear why he hates the prostitute, other than that God puts it in the Beast to hate her. He hates the mother and child because they are the embodiment of purity, love, and truth, the very things the Beast hates because those things interfere with his hate, lies, and dictatorship (tyranny).



“PROSTITUTES (SLUTS) BRING DISEASE, SHAME, AND POVERTY”

If Jesus were talking to men about purity, he would quote the warnings the Bible states about how sluts will ruin any man’s life, how to spot a slut in her seduction, and how to avoid or fight her seductions. (slut is modern word for harlot or prostitute) Men should take precautions to choose one woman, a woman of chastity, faith, and loyalty. If a man have uncontrollable needs, it be better that he marry a good woman that won’t cheat on him and is happy to satisfy his needs. If he marries a slut, it will cause just as much misery (from a different angle) that it causes the men she sluts around with. (with pleasure comes a price, sometime disease, sometimes poverty, sometimes jealous rivals). 

“O, my son, trust my advice- stay away from prostitutes. For a prostitute is a deep and narrow grave. Like a robber, she waits for her victims as one after another become unfaithful to their wives.”-

“For the lips of a prostitute are as sweet as honey, and smooth flattery is her stock in trade. But afterwards only a bitter conscience is left to you, sharp as a double-edged sword. She leads you down to death and hell. For she does not know the path of life. She staggers down a crooked trail, and doesn’t even realize where it leads. Run fro her! Don’t go near her house, lest you fall to her temptation and lose your honor, and give the remainder of your life to the cruel and merciless, lest strangers obtain your wealth, and you become a slave to foreigners. Lest afterwards you groan in anguish and in shame, when syphilis consumers your body.”-

“PROSTITUTES AND SLUTS RUIN MENS’ LIVES”

“Don’t lust for their beauty. Don’t let their coyness seduce you. For a prostitute will bring a man to poverty, and an adulteress may cost him his very life. Can a man hold fire against his chest and not be burned? Can he walk on hot coals and not blister his feet? So it is with the man who commits adultery with another man’s wife. He shall not go unpunished for this sin.”-

“But a man who commits adultery is and utter fool, for he destroys his own soul. Wounds and constant disgrace are his lot, for the woman’s husband will be furious in his jealousy, and he will have no mercy on you in his day of vengeance.”-

“AVOID HER TO AVOID BEING RUINED”

“I was looking out the window of my house one day, and saw a simple-minded lad, a young man lacking common sense, walking at twighlight down the streets to the house of this wayward girl, a prostitute. She approached him saucy and pert, and dressed seductively. She was the brash, coarse type, seen often in the streets and markets, soliciting at every corner for men to be her lovers. She put her arms around him and kissed him, and with a saucy look she said, “I’ve decided to forget our quarrel. I was just coming to look for you and here you are! My bed is spread with lovely colored sheets of fine linen imported from Egypt, perfumed with myrrh, aloes, and cinnamon. Come on, lets take our fill of love until morning, for my husband is away on a  long trip. He has taken a wallet full of money with him, and won’t return for several days. So she seduced him with her pretty speed, her coaxing and her wheedling, until he yielded to her flattery. He followed her as an ox going to the butcher, or a stag that is trapped, waited to be killed with an arrow through his heart. He was a bird flying into a snare, not knowing the fate awaiting it there. Don’t go near her; stay away from where she walks, lest she tempt you and seduce you. For she has been the ruin of multitudes- a vast host of men have been her victims. If you want to find the road to Hell, look for her house.”-

"UNTHINKABLE SINS" 

Do you notice the people that do unthinkable acts of cruelty or sin, to turn around and say that they have accepted Christ as their savior so all of their past is no more? Well, what about the people they caused harm to? Are they to explain to their victims that Jesus forgave them so it’s as though they never did wrong in the first place? 

This is one of many twisted teachings, not taught by Jesus himself. Jesus did say you could turn your life around through him, but he didn’t say that you aren’t accountable for the harm you’ve caused others in your past. In fact, the Bible teaches that you should right what you’ve wronged and pay off your debts be it money or debts of kindness. You should own up to your own mistakes, not run from them or hide behind someone else hoping they will overshadow the evil you left in your past. 

When you are cleansed of sin by the mercy of Jesus, it is meant that you do no further harm, your sin won‘t affect you because the demon that possessed you has been removed. You are pure from now and into the future, but your past is still there. Who you have harmed is still your responsibility. 

“THEY MURDERED GODS PEOPLE”

Sacrifice is murder. “If you had known what these words mean, ‘I desire mercy, not sacrifice’, you would no have condemned the innocent.’ -Matthew 12:7

“Name one prophet your ancestors didn’t persecute! They even killed the ones who predicted the coming of the Righteous One- THE MESSIAH WHOM YOU BETRAYED AND MURDERED.” -Acts 7:52

“Rescue those who are unjustly sentenced to death; DON’T STAND BACK AND LET THEM DIE. Don’t try to disclaim responsibility by saying you didn’t know about it. For God, who knows all hearts, knows yours, and he knows you knew!” - proverbs 24:11-12 

“ARE YOU REALLY SAVED?”

“But if you keep on sinning, it shows that you belong to Satan, who since the first began to sin has kept steadily at it.” and “The person who has been born into God’s family does not make a practice of sinning, because now GOD’S LIFE HAS BEEN BORN INTO HIM AND CONTROLS HIM- HE HAS BEEN BORN AGAIN.” -John 3:8-9

“You aren’t saved by being good, they say, So you might as well be bad. Do what you like, be free. But these very teachers who offer this ‘freedom’ from law are themselves SLAVES TO SIN AND DESTRUCTION. FOR A MAN IS A SLAVE TO WHATEVER CONTROLS HIM.” -2 Peter 2:19

...”men mock and curse anything they do not understand, and, like animals, THEY DO WHATEVER THEY FEEL LIKE, THEREBY RUINING THEIR SOULS.” -Jude 1:10

“He saved us through the washing of rebirth and renewal by the Holy Spirit, whom he poured out on us generously through Jesus Christ our savior, so having been justified by his grace, we might become heirs to the hope of eternal life.” -Titus 3:5-7

Would you wear his crown of thorns to ease his pain? Would you throw yourself on his cross to take his place? If someone paid you to kill him, throw the money in their face. Say “No, Jesus is the one I love, and him I won’t betray. - poem by Alecia Gardner

“CREEPY BIBLE STUFF” 

THE DEATH HORSEMEN (may be races of people)

1st horse- white- CONQUERER- conquers everyone (this is the white race that began dominating the world since ancient Rome)

2nd horse- red- ANARCHY- war and killing (this is the Arabic and Jewish conflict that’s been going on since Moses’ time and is still going on now. What will ultimately cause war that ends the world.)

3rd horse- black- FAMINE- food too expensive- no oil or wine- could be black race draining food stamp economy. Food stamps will someday cease to exsist. Gas and oil shortage. Leads to more anarchy and also CANNIBALISM. Every man for himself. Loyalty toward survival of others is scarce. Food rationed until it’s gone.

4th and 5th horse- Pale is DEATH- mystery horse is HELL- together they control ¼ earth, killing with war, famine, disease, and wild animals. Maybe be the two reapers from Revelations 14:15-16 and the two witnesses from chapter 11, that get blamed for the falling stars and red waters. But earth changes are from war, pollution, and inability to avoid falling stars.

“THE MARK OF THE BEAST”

From “King James Bible”- original English Bible, only. In Modern Bible “The Living Bible”, the writers completely reworded the passages so people wouldn’t know that the Mark of the Beast already happened. THE MARK OF THE BEAST: “And Satan stood up against Israel and provoked David to NUMBER Israel”- 1 Chronicles 21:1 and “And that no man might buy or sell, save he that had the mark of the name of the beast, or the NUMBER of his name.” - Revelations 13:17  -also- “Now the weight of gold that came to Solomon in one year was SIX HUNDRED AND THREESCORE AND SIX talents of gold.” - 2 Chronicles 9:13 and “Here is wisdom. Let him that hath understanding count the number of the Beast: for it is the number of a man; and his number is SIX HUNDRED THREESCORE AND SIX.” - Revelations 13:18

"THE SUICIDE OF PLANET EARTH"  

Native Americans had some things right when it came down to respecting our planet if we want to preserve it. And why, might I ask, would Jesus like someone or something that is a destroyer? Isn't the Destroyer the enemy of Jesus? Industrialization is a major destroyer, perhaps even "The" Destroyer, the seducer of the world that destroys the world. And you thought the Destroyer/Seducer would be a person, didn't you?  

QUICK VIEW OF ENERGY SOURCES  
Types of energy: MHD generators, hydrogen, burning wastes, nuclear, geothermal, wood, solar, wind, tidal, and chemical  

Quick view of the world ending from resources depleted, pollution choking Earthlings out, and no way to fuel cars to drive to work that don't have electricity running businesses and factories anyway: 
USA has 5% of Earth's population. USA consumes 25% of the Earth’s energy. 
Petroleum will likely be depleted by the year 2500, maybe sooner if populations and energy consumption increases dramatically. After that, 200 years worth of coal will be left to use. Burning coal produces acid rain. Water worldwide will be unfit to drink. Sound like a passage from Revelations, does it? This is a self fulfilling prophecy coming to fruitation every moment Earth depends on industrialization. 

This is taking into account that an asteroid or super-volcano doesn’t decide to pollute our waters before humans bring about the fulfillment of the prophecy with pollution. Might I add that I do have many dreams that come true. So I feel compelled to tell of a certain dream I had about a super earthquake in the 2020s. The biggest earthquake humanity has ever seen. I'm just putting this 
here in case it happens, so I can look back and say "I told you so". If it doesn't happen, then good. I don't want it to. It will mess up the ocean and the rivers. I'm not looking forward to that. 
There is a rise in eco-villages in the world. These villages set examples for the rest of humanity to live eco-friendly. If we don’t change ourselves and our world of people to live differently, no matter how expensive, the price we will pay for polluting the world is far greater than the money it costs to be humble enough to part with large amounts of money to change Earth to live in a more humble way instead of a wasteful, destructive, and suicidal way.  

This is to all of you millionaires and billionaires out there. Instead of building yourselves palaces so you can live like kings, why don't you rebuild the world one small eco-friendly home at a time? That's what I'd do, if I could. I know giving money to charities is good and all, but you need to think about the bigger picture. What would save the world from human extinction? If you love Jesus, realize he is a savior, not a destroyer. Everyone walks one of those two paths.  

*SECTION 2 FOR KIDS*

Part 1- Parable Lessons   

Lesson: OBEY GOD based on: Matthew 7:24-27  

"The Birds In The Storm" 

There were once two little black birds named Barney Bird and Bobby Bird. Barney and Bobby were flying together with a flock of birds one day. The sky was cloudy, and the wind was fast. The air was wet, and everyone could feel it in their tiny bird bones that rain was coming. Days like this, you have to be careful. You never know where the wind will take a bird when a storm is coming. 

Barney and Bobby were the two clumsy birds of the bunch. They were friends because they had that in common. So they often would fly next to one another when traveling with the flock. That day, the wind blew so wild that Barney and Bobby flew into each other. 

They fell down out of the sky, their bodies spinning and rushing towards the earth. When they both quit spinning and falling, they could see each other, but they couldn’t find their flock. And, oh no! They didn’t know where they were! 

They were near the ocean. That’s not at all where they were supposed to be! Barney and Bobby were lost! They hopped around the sand, chirping to one another, looking for worms or bugs to eat, and trying to figure out what to do next. 

They decided to ask God to help them decide what to do. Should they fly around endlessly until they find their flock or get worn out trying? Or should they stay here and wait for a new flock to come by?/God told them “Do not worry about finding a flock. Go to the cliff. On the side of the cliff, there is a place where you can walk inside the rock. There, build a nest. Stay there until I tell you what to do next.” 

“That doesn’t sound like good advice,” said Barney.  “How are we supposed to prepare for the winter with that advice?” So Barney flew around looking for any flock of black birds, but found none. He flew until he was too tired to fly. He flew so far away from Barney Bird, that he couldn’t see him anywhere. Now Barney didn’t know where Bobby was, and he was sleepy. Barney needed a place to sleep, so he quickly built a nest in a tree near the ocean. 

While Barney was disobeying God, flying around ignoring what God had told him to do, Bobby built a nest where God said to build one. Bobby ate some bugs he had found on the beach, and lay down in his new nest inside the side of the cliff. 

That night a great ocean storm came. Ocean waves blew up high with the wind, tearing through the beach. Trees tore apart, and flew around in the wind. The wind threw water and sand and trees everywhere. 

Bobby Bird stayed in his nest inside the cliff side. He could hear the trees smash against the rocks. Every now and then, globs of water would fling upon him in an angry terror. Wind whistled as it passed over his hole in the side of the cliff. 

Thank goodness Bobby Bird was inside a tiny bird sized cave. He did what God said, so that when the storm was over, Bobby Bird’s nest and Bobby Bird were okay. They were a little bit wet, but nothing fell apart or blew away. Barney Bird, however, blew away with the tree into the ocean because he didn’t do what God told him to do. 
    
Those who listen to God and obey him are like the bird that built his nest in the side of the rock cliff. The storm is like when someone makes fun of you for believing in God, or if someone tries to get you to disobey God and the Bible. 

It feels like a storm inside our minds and inside our hearts when people are mean to us or when people try to make us do things we don’t want to do. When people are mean or try to get us to do things we know God doesn’t want us to do, we need to be strong and safe. 

We are made strong and safe by listening to God. If we don’t listen to God, we are like Barney Bird who did what he wanted to because God didn’t tell him what he wanted to hear. Sometimes God answers prayers in a way we don’t understand until later, but God knows what is best for us. 
We should read and learn about God as much as we can. Then when storms come, they can’t blow us away or tear us down. We might be a little bit hurt, like when Bobby Bird only got wet and scared. But we can heal and move past the storm, with God’s love and guidance. So read the Bible. Pray that God will protect you and guide your heart to make the right choices. 

Based upon: Matthew 7:24-27 24. All who listen to my instructions and follow them are wise, like a man who builds his house on solid rock. 25. Though the rain comes in torrents, and the floods rise and the storm winds beat against his house, it won’t collapse, for it is built on rock. 26. But those who hear my instructions and ignore them are foolish, like a man who builds his house on sand. 27. For when the rains and floods come, and storm winds beat against his house, it will fall with a mighty crash.   
    
Lesson: WHERE GOD’S LOVE TAKES ROOT 
Based on: Matthew 13: 3-8,18-23  

"The Sad Little Boy" 

There was a sad little boy named Jeff, who dreamed of an angel. The angel came to Jeff, telling him about God. She told him to read the Bible and he would understand God and feel happy again. 
So Jeff began to read the Bible. Each day he was filled with more and more joy. Each day he understood God more. Jeff wanted to share the message of God with his friends at school./One friend was a foreigner named Raja. Raja didn’t understand all English words. He had also only known of the ways of worshipping many gods instead of one god. Raja’s gods were not all nice. Some of them were evil gods. 

When Jeff told Raja about the Bible and about the one true God and how your heart will be filled with joy when you understand and worship God, Raja was overjoyed. He was thrilled to know that there was a God more powerful than any other god. 

Raja liked that this God wasn’t evil or cruel like some of his gods were. But Raja didn’t quite understand the Bible when he tried to read it. He didn’t quite understand everything Jeff told him, and he soon forgot the message of God. Raja went back to worshipping his old gods. 

Jeff told another friend of the message of God. This time he told a girl named Carol. Carol was very pretty. She was very popular. Carol always worried about what she looked like and about what the other kids thought of her. 
    
Normally, Jeff wouldn’t have talked to people like her, but he grew up next door to Carol as his neighbor.  He wanted her to know God too. When Jeff told Carol the message, she thought the idea of God was wonderful. What better way to improve her life than to add the joy of God to it? So Carol read a page of the Bible one day. While reading it, she got a phone call from another popular kid wanting Carol to go shopping with her. 

Carol put down the Bible so she could go shopping. While shopping, Carol spoke of reading the Bible to her popular friends. One of her friends made fun of her, calling her lame and childish to believe in invisible things like God. 

They said it was just as dumb as believing in ghosts. So Carol felt ashamed for having given God a chance. She didn’t read the Bible anymore after that. 

The third person that Jeff told was a rich, lonely friend named John. Certainly this boy with no friends needs God to be his friend, even if he is rich. When John heard the message, and Jeff gave him a Bible to read, John shrugged it off. John put down the Bible and walked away. 

John left the Bible where it lay, and went on with his life of making money for the family business. Nothing was more important to him than making more money than the other family businesses in town. It was almost like a game to him to help his family earn more money than anyone else. 

So even though John was lonely, he didn’t have room in his heart for God. All of his time was entirely devoted to money and earning money and competing. 

The fourth person that Jeff gave the message of God to was a girl named Sarah. Sarah was a lonely little bookworm. She would sit for hours reading book after book. Sarah dressed in plain clothes, usually hand-me-downs. She didn’t care much for the popular crowd. Sarah didn’t care much about money. She also understood the English language well enough to read a Bible. 

Sarah knew about God because she read so much. Jeff came to her with a Bible. He gave her the Bible to read. And read it, she did!/Sarah read and read. She understood every word, just as much as Jeff understood. Every day she was filled with more and more joy. Every day Sarah understood God more than the day before. She understood so much that she began writing about God. 

She wrote stories and sermons, so many that she didn’t know what to do with them all. One day Sarah found Jeff and told him “Since you told me about God, I’ve learned more about him and have written all of these pages about God. What should I do with them?” 

Jeff read what Sarah had written. It was as if she were reading his mind. She had written the very things he was thinking when he read the Bible. “That is amazing! You put into words what I felt but couldn’t express. Let me take these to my father. He is a publisher.” 

So Jeff took the pages to his father, who then turned them into a book. Sarah grew up to be a wealthy writer. But because she didn’t care much for money, she gave most of her money away to the poor. She and the Jeff married, and they became preachers together, teaching the world of God’s amazing love. 

Based upon: Matthew 13: 3-8,18-23 3. “A farmer was sowing grain in his fields. 4. As he scattered the seed across the ground, some fell beside a path, and the birds came and ate it. 5. And some fell on rocky soil where there was little depth of earth; the plants sprang up quickly enough in the shallow soil. 6. But the hot sun soon scorched them and they withered and died, for they had so little root. 7. Other seeds fell among thorns, and the thorns choked out the tender blades. 8. But some fell on good soil, and produced a crop that was thirty, sixty, and even a hundred times as much as he had planted. 18. Now here is the explanation of the story I told about the farmer planting grain: 19. The hard path where some of the seeds fell represents the heart of a person who hears the Good News about the Kingdom and doesn’t understand it; then Satan comes and snatches away the seeds from his heart. 20. The shallow, rocky soil represents the heart of a man who hears the message and receives it with real joy 21. But he doesn’t have much depth in his life, and the seeds don’t root very deeply, and after a while when trouble comes, or persecution begins because of his beliefs, his enthusiasm fades, and he drops out. 22. The ground covered with thistles represents a man who hears the message, but the cares of this life and his longing for money choke out God’s Word, and he does less and less for God. 23. The good ground represents the heart of a man who listens to the message and understands it and goes out and brings thirty, sixty, or even a hundred others into the Kingdom.   

LESSON: MERCY based on: Matthew 18:23-35  
“The Lazy Squirrel” 

In the land of squirrels, there lived a King squirrel. He had a lazy squirrel friend that always seemed hungry, come winter time. King Squirrel’s subjects always paid their taxes in nuts, so that the King would have plenty of nuts stored up for emergencies. The nuts were there only to feed the King and to pass out amongst the village squirrels if there wasn’t enough food to be found in any of the trees. 
But this lazy squirrel friend of King Squirrel would ask the King every year for enough nuts to get him through the winter. He never stored nuts in his hole in the tree like the other squirrels did. He would only pick up enough nuts to get him through the day./So every winter, it was the same thing. “King, I will starve to death this winter if you don’t let me borrow some nuts from your stored nuts,”  Lazy Squirrel would say. “I promise to pick up extra nuts for your storage to pay you back”, he would say. So King Squirrel would give his lazy friend enough nuts to get him through the winter. 
When it was time for Lazy Squirrel to pay King Squirrel, Lazy Squirrel would make up an excuse. He would pretend to be sick. Or sometimes he would say he was helping someone build a nest and would get back with King Squirrel when he finished with the nest. King Squirrel knew that Lazy Squirrel wouldn’t get back with him, though. He knew that Lazy Squirrel wouldn’t talk to King Squirrel until the next winter, when he was hungry again. Every year, this happened. Every year was the same thing over and over. 

King Squirrel was patient for many years. He waited and waited for his friend to pay him back, because he loved his friend. Years passed. Finally, King Squirrel got tired of waiting for Lazy Squirrel to pay him back./By now, Lazy Squirrel owed King Squirrel at least three whole tree trunks full of nuts. And by lending so many nuts to Lazy Squirrel over the years, King Squirrel was giving out fewer nuts for the other squirrels in need. 

Little baby squirrels, sick squirrels, old squirrels that lived in the squirrel nursing home, squirrels that couldn’t get enough of their own nuts for the winter and really needed the food didn’t get much help, because Lazy Squirrel kept taking most of the nuts every winter./“Enough is enough!” King Squirrel exclaimed! “I am failing my kingdom just because I love Lazy Squirrel. He is going to have to pay me what he owes me so I can divide it up between all of the squirrels of my kingdom that need my help this winter.”/So King Squirrel told Lazy Squirrel “If you don’t pay me back three tree trunks full of nuts by this winter, I will throw you in Squirrel jail where you will have to work off your debt as a slave.“ 

This terrified Lazy Squirrel. He never served other Squirrels before. He never took care of the sick or the helpless. He always pretended to be helpless so he could mooch off of the King. 
“Please, King Squirrel,” Lazy Squirrel pleaded. “I can’t possibly gather three tree trunks full of nuts in one year. Give me until two winters from now to gather the nuts that I owe you.” King Squirrel agreed. He did not want to be so mean to his friend of such a long time. “Okay. You have until two winters from now,” the King replied. 

After Lazy Squirrel left the palace, he broke into a rich squirrel’s home. Lazy Squirrel had remembered that this rich squirrel had eaten one of his nuts long ago, one of the nuts that the King gave him to be exact. 

Lazy Squirrel beat up Rich Squirrel. He tried to strangle him. He even threw Rich Squirrel’s own nuts at him. “What is this all about?” asked Rich Squirrel. “You owe me,” said Lazy Squirrel. So Lazy Squirrel robbed Rich Squirrel, and left him behind in his home without any nuts./When the King found out about this, he was angry at Lazy Squirrel. King Squirrel threw Lazy Squirrel into the dungeon with a worse punishment than he had threatened to give him before. 

“I showed you mercy over you owing me thousands of nuts. Yet you showed no mercy to a squirrel that owed you only one nut, and then you stole all of his nuts! You are nothing but a heartless thief! And to think, all of these years I had been fooled into thinking you were my friend, but you were just using me!” King Squirrel angrily said to Lazy Squirrel. King Squirrel gave back what Lazy Squirrel stole from Rich Squirrel, and made Rich Squirrel his new best friend. Together, they had enough nuts to help the rest of the Squirrel Kingdom through the winter. 

based on: Matthew 18:23-35 The Kingdom of Heaven can be compared to a king who decided to bring his accounts up to date. 24. In the process, one of his debtors was brought in who owed him $10,000,000! 25. He couldn’t pay, so the king ordered him sold for the debt, also his wife and children and everything he had. 26. But the man fell down before the king, his face in the dust, and said, ‘Oh, sir, be patient with me and I will pay it all.’ 27. Then the king was filled with pity for him and released him and forgave his debt. 28. But when the man left the king, he went to a man who owed him $2,000 and grabbed him by the throat and demanded instant payment. 29. The man fell down before him and begged him to give him a little time. ‘Be patient and I will pay it,’ he pled. 30. But his creditor wouldn’t wait. He had a man arrested and jailed until the debt would be paid in full. 31. Then the man’s friends went to the king and told him what had happened. 32. And the king called before him the man he had forgiven and said, ‘You evil-hearted wretch! Here I forgave you all that tremendous debt, just because you asked me to-33. shouldn’t you have mercy on others, just as I had mercy on you?’ 34. Then the angry king sent the man to the torture chamber until he had paid every last penny due.                   
    
Lesson: SHOWING LOVE TO ALL 
based on: Matthew 20:1-15  

“The Candy Store” 

There was an old man who owned a candy store. Little kids from everywhere came to his store. It was the only candy store for miles around. When children of the town got their allowances, sometimes they would walk for several hours to get to the candy store./The old man loved to see the children smile when they looked at all of the yummy candy. Some children were poor, so the old man would give them candy when the children with money were not around. 

The old man was getting so old that it hurt to move his body around too much. He wasn’t able to clean his candy store as well as he used to. Finally, the old man decided he needed help cleaning his candy store. He put up a sign in the store window that said “FREE CANDY TO CLEANING HELPERS”. 
The next morning two little kids came in. “How much candy are you giving away for help cleaning your store?” they asked the old man. 

“At the end of the day, I will give every one of you little helpers one paper bag full of any kind of candy that you want,” the old man answered./“Oh boy! What kind of cleaning do you want us to do?” the two kids asked. The old man gave one kid a broom and dustpan, and he gave the other kid a mop. 
About an hour later, more kids came in to help clean the candy store. They too would get a bag of candy of their choice at the end of the day, if they helped clean. 
    
When the day was almost over, and the store was almost clean, one more little kid came in the candy store. “Can I help clean your store for some candy?” the little one asked the old man./“Sure, thing.” The old man handed the little kid a feather duster to dust off the candy jars sitting on the shelves./After about an hour, the old man told the children to quit cleaning. “You have done a good job, children.” The old man handed each child an empty paper bag. “Now fill up your bags with whatever candy you want.” 

One of the kids was mad. “I’ve been here cleaning since early this morning, and this little boy has only been cleaning for about an hour. Why should he get a whole bag of candy, when I’ve worked longer than he has?” 

The old man looked down his wrinkled nose through his goggle glasses. A big smile came over his face. “Now why would you be angry at me because I want to be nice to all of you?” he said.  “This boy may not have come in until close to closing time, but he walked further than any of you to get here. He was tired and sweaty when he came in, yet he still wanted to help me with my chores.” 
based on: Matthew 20:1-16 1. The owner of an estate went out early one morning to hire workers for his harvest field. 2. He agreed to pay them $20 a day and sent them out to work 3. A couple of hours later he was passing a hiring hall and saw some men standing around waiting for jobs, 4. So he sent them also into his fields, telling them he would pay them whatever was right at the end of the day. 5. At noon and again around three o’clock in the afternoon he did the same thing. 6. At five o’clock that evening he was in town again and saw some more men standing around and asked them, “Why haven’t you been working today?’ 7. ‘Because no one hired us,’ they replied. ‘Then go on out and join the others in my fields,’ he told them. 8. That evening he told the paymaster to call the men in and pay them, beginning with the last men first. 9. When the men hired at five o’clock were paid, each received $20. 10 So when the men hired earlier came to get theirs, they assumed they would receive much more. But they too, were paid $20. 11,12. They protested, ‘Those fellows worked only one hour, and yet you’ve paid them just as much as those of us who worked all day in the scorching heat.‘ 13. ‘Friend,’ he answered one of them, ‘I did you no wrong! Didn’t you agree to work all day for $20? 14. Take it and go. It is my desire to pay all the same’ 15. Is it against the law to give away my money if I want to? Should you be angry because I am kind?’ 16 And so it is that the last shall be first, and the first last.         

Lesson: LET THE PEOPLE URGE YOU TO THE TOP, DON’T PUT YOURSELF THERE 
based on: Luke 14:8-11  

“The Birthday Party” 

There was a little girl named Jenny. Jenny was having big birthday party. She invited all of the children from her classroom at school, even the kids she didn’t like very much. There was another little girl, named Diane that was always jealous of anyone that got more attention than her. When Diane found out that Jenny was inviting all of their classmates to what sounded like a fun birthday, Diane also invited everyone to her own house at the same time as the birthday party. 

All of the children, except the Diane, told Jenny they would go to her birthday party instead of the Diane’s house. “We like you more. You are nice to us. We know she only invited us to her house to keep us away from you on your happy day.” The loyalty of the Jenny’s classmates was nice. 
On the day of the birthday party, much to Jenny’s surprise, Diane showed up to Jenny’s party. She was the first visitor, too. “I’ve decided to come to your party instead of staying at my own party. I hope that is okay.” Then, Diane handed Jenny a present. “That is okay. I’m glad you could come.” said Jenny. “Feel welcome to have a seat and have some snacks while we wait for the rest of the children to get here.” 

There was a very big, long table set up in the Jenny’s back yard. There were plates and cakes lined up and down the table. Diane walked around the table, looking for the perfect seat to sit in. “Now what seat is worthy of my pretty bottom to sit in?” she wondered. 

Diane looked around. She noticed the seat with the big birthday cake in front of it. “That looks like a good seat. If I sit here, I can get first dibs on the cake when everyone gets here.” So she sat down in the seat that was meant for  Jenny. 

Jenny didn’t notice where Diane had sat down, because all of the other children were arriving. Jenny was too busy welcoming the rest of her classmates. 

One by one, the children put the presents on the table. Peering over at Diane, they walked around whispering amongst themselves. “Who does she think she is? First she tries to get us to go to her party instead of this party. Then she shows up here, and sits in the Jenny’s chair.”/Finally, Jenny’s mother walked outside with the birthday candles to put on the cake. Everyone, other than Jenny, sat down. The only seat left empty was the one furthest from the birthday cake. And Diane was sitting by the birthday cake! 

Then, Jenny’s mother politely asked  Diane, “Could you please sit in another seat? This seat belongs to my daughter, the birthday girl.” So Diane stood up out of the seat, near the cake, and walked over to the only empty seat left at the table. 

Since everyone had taken their seats after Diane tried to take the best seat, she had to sit in the seat furthest away from the cake. If she had been humble, and didn’t sit at the head of the table at the start, she might have gotten to sit closer to the cake. Now she was furthest away from the cake./In the end, Diane got the last piece of cake, even though she thought she would take the first piece of cake. 
Based on: Luke 14:8-11 If you are invited to a wedding feast, don’t always head for the best seat. For if someone more respected than you shows up. 9. The host will bring him over to where you are sitting and say, ‘Let this man sit here instead.’ And you, embarrassed, will have to take whatever seat is left at the foot of the table! 10. Do this instead--start at the foot; and when you host sees you he will come and say, ‘Friend, we have a better place than this for you!’ Thus you will be honored in front of all the other guests. 11. For everyone who tries to honor himself shall be humbled; and he who humbles himself shall be honored.                  
    
Lesson: DO FAVORS FOR THOSE WHO CAN’T REPAY, SO THEY WILL LOVE YOU INSTEAD OF RETURNING THE FAVOR
 based on: Luke 14:13-14  

“Suddenly Rich” 

There was once a poor man named Herman, who suddenly became rich. Herman decided to celebrate his new money. He was very happy to not be poor anymore./Herman threw a party with all sorts of food, drinks, games, and prizes. But he didn’t invite other rich people. He was afraid they wouldn’t understand how happy he was, since they had always been rich before, and he hadn’t. 
Instead of inviting rich people to his party, Herman invited all of the sick and poor people he knew before he became rich. 

At the party, Herman gave each guest gifts. He also gave some of his money to each person to help them with their problems. Now who do you think would show Herman more love and thankfulness for the party he threw?/If he had invited his rich neighbors instead of his sick and poor friends, and if he gave them gifts that they already had plenty of already, wouldn’t the sick and poor people be more thankful than the rich people? The rich people were used to having those things that Herman gave away, so it wouldn’t have seemed special to them as much as it was special to the sick and the poor. 

based on: Luke 14:13-14 13. Instead, invite the poor, the crippled, the lame, and the blind. 14. Then at the resurrection of the godly, God will reward you for inviting those who can’t repay you.  
    
Lesson: STAY CONNECTED TO GOD OR YOU WILL WITHER AND DIE INSIDE 
based on: John 15:1-6  

“Fruit Tree” 

The love of God is like a fruit tree. Think of God as the trunk of the tree and God’s people as the branches of the tree. Think of the good deeds that God’s people do as the fruit the tree makes. If the branches are cut off from the trunk of the tree, it won’t get the water it needs.

God fills our souls with his love so that our souls will grow and produce good works, like the tree makes fruit. Good works can be anything that shows that God is using us to do his work, like helping animals, helping children, helping our neighbor, or anyone in need of help. 

based on: John 15:1-6 1. I am the true Vine, and my Father is the Gardner. 2.  He lops off every branch that doesn’t produce. And he prunes those branches that bear fruit for even larger crops. 3. He has already tended you by pruning you back for greater strength and usefulness by means of commands I gave you. 4. Take care to live in me, and let me live in you.  For a branch can’t produce fruit when severed from the vine. Nor can you be fruitful apart from one. 5. Yes, I am the Vine; you are the branches. Whoever lives in me and I in him shall produce a large crop of fruit. For apart from me you can’t do a thing. 6. If anyone separates from me, he is thrown away like a useless branch, withers, and is gathered into a pile with all the others and burned   
    
Lesson: BE READY FOR LORD’S RETURN 
based on: Matthew 25:1-12  

“The Children Who Waited” 

There were a certain ten children waiting in line for a ride at an amusement park. They waited and waited. Their legs were getting tired, but they had paid for their tickets, and the ride was the most fun one at the park. So they kept waiting. 

When it was time for the ten children to get on the ride, the ride director said he had to take his five minute break. He closed the ride down, and said he’d be back. The children waited longer. 
Five minutes passed, and the ride director was still gone. Five of the ten children were getting very impatient. Their legs hurt from standing up so long. They wanted to sit down. The only seat to sit on was a bench at the other end of the amusement park. Five of the children walked over to the bench and sat down. The other five stayed in line. 

While waiting, the children on the bench became lazy and relaxed. They began talking so much, they didn’t notice right when the ride director turned the ride back on. The five children that were still in line began boarding the ride. The ride started up it’s motor. The children sitting on the bench heard the noise and saw the ride starting up. They all jumped up and ran to the line they had left. 

They made it up to the ride just as the ride started taking off. “No. Stop the ride. Let us on. We’ve been waiting to ride this all night,” they said to the ride director./But it was too late. The ride had taken off without them because they weren’t standing where they were supposed to be standing when the time came for them to get on the ride. When their friends that stayed in line finished the ride, it was time for the park to close. The five children that had been lazy didn’t get to ride it at all. 

Based on: Matthew 25:1-12. 1. The Kingdom of Heaven can be illustrated by the story of ten bridesmaids who took their lamps and went to meet the bridegroom. 2,3,4. But only five of them were wise enough to fill their lamps with oil, while the other five were foolish and forgot. 5,6. So, when the bridegroom was delayed, they lay down to rest until midnight, when they were roused by the shout, ‘The bridegroom is coming! Come out and welcome him!’ 7,8. All the girls jumped up and trimmed their lamps. Then the five who hadn’t any oil begged the others to share with them, for their lamps were going out. 9. But the others replied, ‘We haven’t enough. Go instead to the shops and buy some for yourselves.’ 10. But while they were gone, the bridegroom came, and those who were ready went in with him to the marriage feast, and the door was locked. 11. Later, when the other five returned, they stood outside, calling, ‘Sir, open the door for us!’ 12 .But he called back, ‘Go away! It is too late!’ 13. So stay awake and be prepared, for you do not know the date or moment of my return.         
    
Lesson: LOVE EVERYONE, EVEN THE REJECTS, BE A GOOD NEIGHBOR 
based on: Luke 10:30-37  

“The Strange Man” 

In a village where everyone got their water from wells, lived a Haitian man who fell and broke his leg. Now, this man was a man that most people didn’t like because they thought he was strange. It was even rumored that he might be some kind of sorcerer, because he spoke a strange language and he had strange things in his house. Everyone in that village was responsible to get their own water from their own wells. Some people had children living with them that would go fetch the water. But this man lived alone. He didn’t know anyone good enough to ask for help, neither did he know how to speak their language. 

The neighbors noticed the strange man hadn’t been outside to fetch his water in some time. He must have been missing for at least a few days. “I wonder what happened to the witch?” they’d say. But no one dared to go to his house to see if he was there for fear. 

One day, a brave little girl knocked on his door. She heard someone mutter in a strange language from the other side of the door. She pushed the door open, and to her surprise, the old man was lying in the floor with an empty bucket. 

The little girl felt sorry for the man. She picked up his bucket, took it to the well, and got some water for the man. Even though they couldn’t understand each other’s words, the man knew the girl was a very kind person. She was the only one not afraid to help him. She was the only one that was compassionate enough to help him. 

Based on: Luke 10:30-37 30. A Jew going on a trip from Jerusalem to Jericho was attacked by bandits. They stripped him of his clothes and money and beat him up and left him lying half dead beside the road. 31 by chance a Jewish priest came along; and when he saw the man lying there, he crossed to the other side of the road and passed him by. 32. A Jewish Temple assistant walked over and looked at him lying there, but then went on. 33. But a despised Samaritan came along, and when he saw him, he felt deep pity. 34. Kneeling beside him the Samaritan soothed his wounds with medicine and bandaged them. Then he put the man on his donkey and walked along beside him till they came to an inn, where he nursed him through the night. 35. The next day he handed the innkeeper two twentydollar bills and told him to take car of the man. ‘If his bill runs higher than that,’ he said, ‘I’ll pay the difference the next time I am here.’ 36. Now which of these three would you say was a neighbor to the bandits’ victim? 37. The man replied, “the one who showed him some pity.” then Jesus said, “yes, now go and do the same.”           
    
Lesson: TO FOLLOW JESUS, YOU MUST KNOW EXACTLY WHAT YOU ARE GETTING INTO, AND BE COMPLETELY DEDICATED TO IT OR NOT DO IT AT ALL. 

based on: Luke 14:27-32  

“Think Before You Act” 

Would you start a book report on a book that is missing some chapters? Or would you do an assignment from school if you lost part of the assignment? Or would you go to the movies without knowing the cost of the movie ticket or with only half the money to buy a movie ticket? No. You’d do a book report on a book that had all of it’s parts. Or you’d ask your teacher for the entire assignment so you wouldn’t do it wrong. Or you’d make sure you knew how much a movie ticket cost, so you could bring that amount of money with you to the movies. Following Jesus is like that. You must know exactly what you are doing, what is expected of you, and what the cost is to follow him. 

Based on: Luke 14:27-32 27. And no one can be my disciple who does not carry his own cross and follow me. 28. But don’t begin until you count the cost. For who would begin construction of a building without first getting estimates and then checking to see if he has enough money to pay the bills? 29. Otherwise he might complete only the foundation before running out of funds. And then how everyone would laugh! 30. ‘See that fellow there?’ they would mock. ‘He started that building and ran out of money before it was finished!’ 31. or what king would ever dream of going to war without first sitting down with his counselors and discussing whether his army of 10,000 is strong enough to defeat the 20,000 men who are marching against him? 32. If the decision is negative, then while the enemy troops are still far away, he will send a truce team to discuss terms of peace 
    
Lesson: HE WAS LOST, AND BY BAD CHOICES HE SUFFERED PUNISHMENT ENOUGH TO REALIZE WHAT HE DID WRONG CAUSED HIS SUFFERING, SO HE REPENTED 
based on: Luke 15:11-32  

“The Two Sons” 

There were twin boys, John and Ron, who had a birthday coming up. Their father was going to give each of them 5,000.00 for their birthday. John didn’t want to wait until his birthday to get his money, so he asked his father to give him the money early. His father gave him his money, and John went out and spent every penny on arcade games and ice cream. He was afraid of what his father would think of him spending so much money on games and food. So John ran away from home. 

John ended up living in an orphanage, instead of going back home, because he was so ashamed./Ron waited until his birthday to get his money. He put his money in a bank to save for when he was an adult. Ron stayed at home, working for his father until he grew up./One day, John was too old to live in the orphanage. He had no work skills, and no one ever adopted him. He was a mess. He finally decided to go back home to his father. 

When John’s father saw him, he was so happy. He threw a big welcome home party for John. He bought him new clothes, a new car, and a new house. John’s father gave John a job working for him. 
Ron, who had always been responsible, and always did what he was told, was angry. “Why have you treated your irresponsible runaway son with such admiration? I’ve always done what you told me. I never wasted your money. Yet you never bought me a new car or a new house,” Ron said to his father. “Your brother was lost, but now is found!” replied his father. This is how God feels when a lost soul is saved. 

based on: Luke 15:11-32 11. A man had two sons. 12. When the younger told his father, ‘I want my share of your estate now, instead of waiting until you die!’ his father agreed to divide his wealth between his sons. 13. A few days later his younger son packed all his belongings and took a trip to a distant land, and there wasted all his money on parties and prostitutes. 14. About the time his money was gone a great famine swept over the land, and he began to starve. 15. He persuaded a local farmer to hire him to feed his pigs. 16. The boy became so hungry that even the pods he was feeding the swine looked good to him and no one gave him anything. 17. When he finally came to his senses, he said to  himself, ‘At home even the hired men have food enough and to spare, and here I am, dying of hunger! 18. I will go home to my father and say, “father, I have sinned against both heaven and you, 19. And am no longer worthy of being called your son. Please take me on as a hired man.” 20. So he returned home to his father. And while he was still a long distance away, his father saw him coming, and was filled with loving pity and ran and embraced him and kissed him. 21. His son said to him, ‘Father, I have sinned against heaven and you, and am not worthy of being called your son.’ 22. But his father said to the slaves, ‘Quick! Bring the finest robe in the house and put it on him. And a jeweled ring for his finger; and shoes! 23. And kill the calf we have in the fattening pen. We must celebrate with a feast, 24. For this son of mine was dead and has returned to life. He was lost and is found.’ So the party began. 25. Meanwhile, the older son was in the fields working; when he returned home, he heard dance music coming from the house, 26. And he asked one of the servants what was going on. 27. ‘Your brother is back,’ he was told. ‘and your father has killed the calf we were fattening and has prepared a great feast to celebrate his coming home again unharmed.’ 28. The older brother was angry and wouldn’t go in. His father came out and begged him, 28 but he replied, ‘All these years I’ve worked hard for you and never once refused to do a single thing you told me to; and in all that time you never gave me even one young goat for a feast with my friends. 30. Yet when this son of yours comes back after spending your money on prostitutes, you celebrate by killing the finest calf we have on the place.’ 31. ‘Look, dear son,’ his father said to him, ‘you and I are very close, and everything I have is yours. 32. But it is right to celebrate. For he is your brother; and he was dead and has come back to life! He was lost and is found!’               
    
INSTRUCTION TEACHINGS                    
    
Lesson: 1. NO ONE KNOWS EVERYTHING, AND NO ONE IS PERFECT (except for God and Jesus)  
based on: Luke 11:46-52 

If someone acts like they know everything about the Bible and about God, that doesn’t mean they really do. Sometimes people want to be right so bad, that if you ask them questions about what they are telling you, they get mad. 
God sent prophets and apostles to teach people. Even some of the people that thought they knew everything about God and religion didn’t like them. They didn’t like the prophets or apostles that asked them questions or correct something they did wrong. 

But every human being does something wrong. No one is perfect, other then God and Jesus. These people that think they know everything, also thought they were perfect. They didn’t see anything wrong with themselves. They didn’t want to see anything wrong with themselves. So if anyone told them that something they said or did was wrong, they would get angry. 

There are people like that now. Have you ever known someone that didn’t want to know if they made a mistake? Have you ever known someone that didn’t read something right? Or you ask them a question that they can’t explain, so they get angry. Or if you explain something they don’t have the answer to, they get angry? People like that have always been around. 

There has always been people that are too full of pride to realize that not everyone knows everything and not everyone is perfect, not even themselves. 

Lesson: 1. Bible version from: Luke 11:46-52 46. “Yes”, said Jesus, “The same horrors await you! For you crush men beneath impossible religious demands-demands that you yourselves would never think of trying to keep. 47. Woe to you! For you are exactly like your ancestors who killed the prophets long ago. 49. This is what God says about you: ‘I will send prophets and apostles to you, and you will kill some of them and chase away the others. 52. Woe to you experts in religion! For you hide the truth from the people. You won’t accept it for yourselves, and you prevent others from having a chance to believe it.                 
    
Lesson: 2. PEOPLE THAT USE RELIGION TO GET MONEY  
based on: Luke 20:46-47 

Beware of the people that think they know everything, think they are perfect, parade around in wealth (showing off), and pretend to love God when they are actually thinking of ways to get people to give them more money to support their wealth. These are the angry people that don’t believe anything is wrong with them. These are the people that hate true followers of God. These people hate truth and humility. 

Lesson: 2. Bible version from: Luke 20:46-47 46. Beware of these experts in religion, for they love to parade in dignified robes and to be bowed to by the people as they walk along the street. And how they love the seats of honor in the synagogues and at religious festivals! 47. But even while they are praying long prayers with great outward piety, they are planning schemes to cheat widows out of their property. Therefore God’s heaviest sentence awaits these men.          
    
Lesson 3: CONTROL YOUR ANGER  
based on: Matthew 5:21-22 

If you are angry, God may judge you for it. If you call people mean names, God might punish you for it. It you wish something bad to happen to someone, you could go to Hell for it. 
Lesson 3: Bible version from: Matthew 5:21-22. 21. Under the laws of Moses the rule was “if you murder, you must die. 22. but I have added to that rule., and even tell you that if you are only angry, even in your own home, you are in danger of judgment! If you call your friend an idiot, your are in danger of being brought before the court. And if you curse him, you are in danger of the fires of hell.            
    
Lesson 4: SHOWING GOD’S LOVE 
based on: Luke 6:29-30 

If someone needs something that you have plenty of, give them what they need. And don’t ask for them to return it or repay you for it. That is showing God’s love to others. 

Lesson 4: Bible version from: Luke 6:29-30/29. If someone demands your coat, give him your shirt beside. 30. Give what you have to anyone who asks you for it; and when things are taken away from you, don’t worry about getting them back.               
    
Lesson 5: LOVE EVERYONE  
based on: Matthew 5:46-47 

Even people that break the law love people that love them. Even they are nice to those who are nice to them. What good is it if you are only nice to people who are nice to you? What good is it if you only love people that love you? God gives sunlight to everyone. God gives rain to everyone. If God loves everyone enough to give everyone what they need for life, you should love everyone whether they love you or not, whether they are nice or not. 

Lesson 5: Bible version from: Matthew 5:46-47 46. If you love only those who love you, what good is that? Even scoundrels do that much. 47. If you are friendly only to your friends, how are you different from anyone else? Even the heathen do that.           
    
Lesson 6: PRAYING  
based on: Matthew 6:5-6 

God knows everything you think and feel, even before you know. Praying in public doesn’t make him hear you better. It just makes you look like you are showing off if you make a big deal about praying in public. 

Lesson 6: Bible version from: Matthew 6:5-6 5. When you pray, don’t be like the hypocrites who pretend piety by praying publicly on street corners and in the synagogues where everyone can see them. Truly, that is all the reward they will ever get. 6. But when you pray, go away by yourself, all alone, and shut the door behind you and pray to your Father secretly, and your Father, who knows your secrets, will reward you.            
    
Lesson 7: PRAYING  
based on: Matthew 6:7-8 

Memorized prayers aren’t prayers you made up from your own heart. God wants you to speak from your heart. 

Lesson 7: Bible version from: Matthew 6:7-8 7,8 Don’t recite the same prayer over and over as the heathen do, who think prayers are answered only by repeating them again and again. Remember, your Father knows exactly what you need even before you ask him.   

Lesson: 8 SPIRIT  
based on: Matthew 6:22 

If your spirit is pure, it will show through your eyes like a bright light. 
Lesson 8: Bible version from: Matthew 6:22 If your eye is pure, there will be sunshine in your soul.               
    
Lesson 9: GOD OR MONEY?  
based on: Matthew 6:24 

You can’t dedicate your life to God and to money both, or you will love one and hate the other. The wealthy that love God use their money to help God and people who need God, instead of using their money to spoil themselves. 

Lesson 9: Bible version from: Matthew 6:24 You cannot serve two masters: God and money. For you will hate one and love the other. or else the other way around.              
    
Lesson 10: IT’S EASIER TO LOVE SOMEONE THAT IS HUMBLE THAN TO LOVE SOMEONE THAT IS CONCEITED  
based on: Matthew 23:11-12 

People that are born poor or disadvantaged, and then work their way to being wealthy and successful, are easier to love than people that are already born rich with everything anyone could ever want. People that don’t know how it feels to be poor or disadvantaged are often inconsiderate. They often think they are better than those who aren’t like them. People that work their way from the bottom to the top, and remember how it felt to be at the bottom, are usually considerate of others. They usually don’t think they are better than anyone else, because at onetime, people looked down at them instead of up to them. It’s easy to love someone that feels compassion. It’s hard to love someone that is inconsiderate, rude, and spoiled. 

Lesson 10: Bible version from: Matthew 23:11-12 the more lowly your service to others, the greater you are. To be the greatest, be a servant. But those who think themselves great shall be disappointed and humbled; and those who humble themselves shall be exalted.        
    
Lesson 11: INNER BEAUTY VERSES OUTER BEAUTY  
based on: Matthew 23:25-26 

What does it matter if you are pretty, rich, or popular if inside your heart is filled with hatred, anger, and evil thoughts? It is more important to have a perfect spirit than to have a perfect body. It is more important to have a loving personality than for people to love you for what you look like or for what you own. It’s more important for people to love your personality than to love your money. If your personality and spirit are rotten, then why focus on outside things when you need to fix the inside things first? 

Lesson 11: Bible version from: Matthew 23:25-26 25. You are so careful to polish the outside of the cup, but the inside is foul with extortion and greed. 26. Blind Pharisees! First cleanse the inside of the cup, and then the whole cup will be clean.           
    
Lesson 12: TRUST GOD  
from: Matthew 6:31-32 

Instead of worrying about what will happen next, trust God. Put God first in your life. If you obey God and live your life for God first, God will take care of you and your life. 

Lesson 12: Bible version from: Matthew 6:31-32 So don’t worry at all about having enough food and clothing. Why be like the heathen? For they take pride in all these things and are deeply concerned about them. But your heavenly Father already knows perfectly well that you need them, and he will give them to you if you give him first place in your life and live as he wants you to.             
    
Lesson 13: DO YOU WALK IN DARKNESS OR LIGHT?  
based on: John 3:3-21 

You must trust Jesus in order to go to Heaven. Those who don’t trust Jesus walk in darkness. Darkness is ignorance and refusing to look at God. People who walk in darkness are afraid that the Light will show their inner secrets that they don’t want anyone to know about. If you walk in light, you are willing to admit what is wrong with you. If you walk in darkness, you don’t want anyone to think anything is wrong with you. Jesus, the Holy Spirit, God, and purity is the Light. People in darkness hate what the Light exposes, and often hate the Light. Those that hate the Light live for lies, cruelty, and evil actions. If you want to walk in the Light instead of the Darkness, you must be willing to admit what is wrong with you. You must realize what is wrong to think and wrong to feel and not think or feel that way anymore. Only a pure spirit is allowed into Heaven. To be purified, you must let go of the evil and the darkness. You must expose it in the light and let go of it. God will forgive you if you admit what you’ve done wrong, and not hide it. God will forgive you if you are truly sorry. 

Lesson 13: Bible version from: John 3:3-21 3. Jesus replied, “with all the earnestness I possess I tell you this: unless you are born again, you can never get into the Kingdom of God.? 5. Jesus replied, “what I am telling you so earnestly is this: unless one is born of water and the Spirit, he cannot enter the Kingdom of God. 6. Men can only reproduce human life, but the Holy Spirit gives new life from heaven; 7. So don’t be surprised at my statement that you must be born again. 8. Just as you can hear the wind but can’t tell where it comes from or where it will go next, so it is with the Spirit. We do not know on whom he will next bestow this life from heaven. 18. There is no eternal doom awaiting those who trust him to save them. But those who don’t trust him have already been tried and condemned for not believing in the only Son of God. 19. Their sentence is based on this fact: that the Light from heaven came into the world, but they loved the darkness more than the Light, for their deeds were evil 20. They hated the heavenly Light because they wanted to sin in the darkness. They stayed away from that Light for fear their sins would be exposed and they would be punished. 21. But those doing right come gladly to the Light to let everyone see that they are doing what God wants them to.                 
    
Lesson 14: BE GIVING  
based on: Luke 6:34 

Even bad people will let people borrow money from them as long as they pay them back every penny they borrowed. If you are a godly person, you won’t ask them to repay you. Good people that have the money to do so, give money as a gift to those who desperately need it. 

Lesson 14: Bible version from: Luke 6:34 And if you lend money only to those who can repay you, what good is that? Even the most wicked will lend to their own kind for full return!             
    
Lesson 15: GUIDING OTHERS 
based on: Luke 6:39 

If you are lost or confused, how can you help someone else that is lost or confused? You might cause them to be more lost and more confused. 

Lesson 15: Bible version from: Luke 6:39 What good is it for one blind man to lead another? he will fall into a ditch and pull the other down with him.              
    
Lesson 16: DON’T CRITICIZE OTHERS IF YOU CAN’T TAKE CRITICISM  
based on: Luke 6:42 

If you think nothing is wrong with you, don’t go around telling people what is wrong with them. Because no one person is perfect, other than Jesus. You are not perfect, so don’t fuss about what is wrong with everyone else unless you want to fuss about what is wrong with you too. 
Lesson 16: Bible version from: Luke 6:42 How can you think of saying to him, ‘Brother, let me help you get rid of that speck in your eye,’ when you can’t see past the board in yours?             
    
Lesson 17: FORGIVENESS  
based on: Luke 7:47 

If someone had done a lot of bad things, but then they felt sorry for doing them. They felt so sorry for it that they cry until they are forgiven. If they beg to be forgiven until they are forgiven, because they feel so guilty for what they did wrong, then they will be happy when they are forgiven. They would be happier than someone who had been forgiven of only one small thing, because the big weight of guilt would be lifted off of their shoulders. One who does a small bad thing or not many bad things wouldn’t have a very big weight of guilt. But not everyone feels guilty for doing bad things. So don’t think the worse the person the better. It’s only the people that feel guilty for doing wrong that can be forgiven by God. 

Lesson 17: Bible version from: Luke 7:47 Therefore her sins-and they are many- are forgiven, for she loved me much; but one who is forgiven little, shows little love.”          
    
Lesson 18: CARING ABOUT OTHERS  
based on: Luke 9:48 

When you care about other people, or take care of other people, this is showing the love of Jesus, and also showing how good of a person you are. 

Lesson 18: Bible version from: Luke 9:48 “Anyone who takes care of a little child like this is caring for me! And whoever cares for me is caring for God who sent me. Your care for others is the measure of your greatness.”   

Lesson 19: BE NICE  
based on: Luke 10:16 

When you are nice to God’s people, you are being nice to God. When you are mean to God’s people, you are being mean to God. 
Lesson: 19. Bible version from: Luke 10:16 Then he said to the disciples, “Those who welcome you are welcoming me. And those who reject you are rejecting me. And those who reject me are rejecting God who sent me.”              
    
Lesson 20: GOD TAKES CARE OF HIS CHILDREN  
based on: Luke 11:13 

If people that do bad things take care of their children, don’t you think that God will take care of his children, even more than people who do bad things would take care of them? 
Lesson 20: Bible version from: Luke 11:13 And if even sinful persons like yourselves give children what they need, don’t you realize that your heavenly Father will do at least as much, and give the Holy Spirit to those who ask for him?”              
    
Lesson 21: IS YOUR SOUL PURE OR IMPURE?  
based on: Luke 11:33-36 

If your soul is pure, it will be almost like you are glowing. People will notice that you seem to glow with love, laughter, and goodness. Don’t hide your light. Let others see your light so that they might be healed and led to God. People need your light to see by. An impure soul is full of lust, hate, and greed. It will plunge the soul into darkness. Stay away the darkness. Don’t let it overpower your light. 
Lesson 21: Bible version from: Luke 11:33-36 "33. No one lights a lamp and hides it! Instead, he puts it on a lamp stand to give light to all who enter the room. 34. Your eyes light up your inward being. A pure eye lets sunshine into your soul. A lustful eye shuts out the light and plunges you into darkness. 35. So watch out that the sunshine isn’t blotted out. 36. If you are filled with light within, with no dark corners, then your face will be radiant too, as though a floodlight is beamed upon you.”          
    
Lesson 22: BE PROUD OF GOD  
based on: Luke 12:8-9 

If you are proud of God, God will be proud of you. If you are ashamed of God, God will be ashamed of you. 

Bible version from: Luke 12:8-9 And I assure you of this: I, the Messiah, will publicly honor you in the presence of God’s angels if you publicly acknowledge me here on earth as your friend. 9. But I will deny before the angels those who deny me here among men.              
    
Lesson 23: WHY GOD BLESSES PEOPLE  
based on: Luke 12:48 

When God gives you more gifts than you need, it isn’t to spoil you. God wants you to share with those who are in need, so they will know God’s love and mercy through you. Don’t forget to say that God gave to you what you gave to them, so they will know that God is real and that God loves us all. 
Lesson 23: Bible version from: Luke 12:48 Much is required from those to whom much is given, for their responsibility is greater.             
    
Lesson 24: LYING AND CHEATING  
based on: Luke 16:10 

If someone is given a responsibility, and they lie or cheat a little bit about it, they will lie or cheat if given bigger responsibilities. People who lie or cheat about little things, will lie or cheat about big things too. 

Lesson 24: Bible version from: Luke 16:10 No! for unless you are honest in small matters, you won’t be in large ones. If you cheat even a little, you won’t be honest with greater responsibilities             
    
Lesson 25: OUR JOB TO OBEY GOD  
based on: Luke 17:10 

Obeying God is like doing chores. It is expected of you. You shouldn’t expect people or God to make a big deal and reward you for what you are supposed to do anyway. So don’t obey God just so people will applaud you, reward you, or talk about you like you are a good person. That isn’t the right reason for obeying God. 

Lesson 25: Bible version from: Luke 17:10 Just so, if you merely obey me, you should not consider yourselves worthy of praise. For you have simply done your duty!             
    
Lesson 26: FAKE JESUS RETURNS  
based on: Mark 13:21-23 

There will be people that say they are Jesus or that they know where Jesus is at. They will tell you to go there. But they are lying. 

Lesson 26: Bible version from: Mark 13:21-23. 21. And then if anyone tells you, “this is the messiah,’ or, ‘that one is,’ don’t pay any attention. 22. For there will be many false messiahs and false prophets who will do wonderful miracles that would deceive, if possible, even God’s own children. 23. Take care! I have warned you!             
    
Lesson 27: WHEN WILL THE WORLD END?  
based on: Mark 13:32-33 

Only God knows when the world will end. 

Lesson 27: Bible version from: Mark 13:32-33. 32. However, no one, not even the angels in heaven, nor I myself, knows the day or hour when these things will happen; only the Father knows. 33. And since you don’t know when It will happen, stay alert. Be on the watch for my return.              
    
Lesson 28: JESUS WASN’T PREJUDICE  
based on: Matthew 5:45 and Luke 7:33-35 

God sends sunlight and rain down on the good and evil alike. Jesus would spend time with the rejects, and the people that the respected people of religion would look down upon or consider evil or sinners not worth knowing or helping. Jesus thought they were worth helping. Jesus wasn’t prejudice. 
Lesson 28: Bible version from: Matthew 5:45 For he gives his sunlight to both the evil and the good, and sends rain on the just and on the unjust too. from: Luke 7:33-35 33. For John the Baptist used to go without food and never took a drop of liquor all his life, and you said, ‘he must be crazy!’ 34. But I eat my food and drink my wine, and you say, ‘What a glutton Jesus is! And he drinks! And has the lowest sort of friends!’ 35. But I am sure you can always justify your inconsistencies.”   

WHAT DID JESUS SAY? WHAT IT MEANS TO FOLLOW JESUS FOR KIDS  
(ACTIVITIES)                   
    
Needed: PENCIL, PAPER 
Activity for: “The Birds In The Storm” 

Have the kids list five things a parent might tell a child to do or not do so that the child will be safe. Next, ask them this: “If you were that child, would you do or not do what you were told? Would you care what might happen?” 

Then tell them to write beside each of the five things they listed, write down what bad thing might happen if the child disobeyed the parents instructions.  Ask them, “If you were that child, would you still do or not do what you were told?” 
  
Needed: PENCIL, PAPER 
Activity for: “The Sad Little Boy” 

Tell the children to write a paragraph about the best news they ever got, or the best thing that ever happened to them. They can use these questions or make up their own to help write their paragraph: What happened when you told other people your good news? Were they happy for you? Were they jealous? Did they forget what you said to them? Did they tell everyone else your good news?  

Needed: QUARTERS OR ONE DOLLAR BILLS 
ACTIVITY for “The Lazy Squirrel” 

Try this, only if you have the money to: For a week, give each child one dollar sealed in an envelope with a special stamp or 
    
sticker only you have. Before putting the dollar in the envelope, show it to the child. Tell them, if they bring it back tomorrow, without having opened the envelope, they can open the envelope and you will double their money. 

Do this every day for a week. One dollar one day, two dollars the next day, four dollars the next day, and so on. At the end of the week, this will teach the kids how to save what they may need for later and how to have self-control so they won’t be like Lazy Squirrel that didn’t save enough nuts because he asked the King for nuts instead.

Needed: ASSORTED CANDIES, PAPER OR SANDWICH BAGS 
ACTIVITY for “The Candy Store” 

Try this: Make various bags of candy, with different amounts and different kinds of candy. Also make equal amounts of bags of candy with the same amounts of candy and same kinds, but put that aside and keep it a secret. Give out the odd bags of candy to the children. Tell them that you love them so you want to give them all presents. 

Tell them not to eat the candy yet, but they can look at it. Give it however much time you want to observe them. If they start to argue over who got what, if it gets out of hand, tell them to all be quiet./Pass a large bowl around. Tell them to all put their candy in the bowl so you can give them something else instead. When you get all of their “odd” candy, tell them that was just a test to see how well they would behave to unfair amounts of candy. 

Tell them not to get jealous. If someone shows them more or less love, but still shows them love, to be happy that they are loved. To not be greedy. Then pass out the even amounts of candy bags so they won’t be upset, and read the story about the candy store. 
    
Needed: ENOUGH OF THESE THINGS FOR EACH CHILD- TOYS (USED OR NEW), CHAIRS, ALSO A HAT OR BOWL FOR NUMBERS TO DRAW, PAPER TO WRITE NUMBERS ON, PEN OR PENCIL TO WRITE NUMBERS WITH 
ACTIVITY for “Birthday Party” 

Have a toy walk with a twist. Let whomever that loses first, pick the first toy. But don’t tell the kids about it until they have sat down and one person is left out. Wait a little while. When you call out the chair number, like they are the winner, say “You don’t win the first toy. Instead, the person who lost and had leave the game gets to pick the first toy.” Then, to be nice, let the other kids pick toys from highest number to lowest number to illustrate the story of those who are last will be first and those who are first will be last. Then continue on to the lesson. 

Another activity for this story: Bring cake and ice cream to have a party after the lesson. That will calm the children down long enough to read and learn, if you tell them that after the Bible lesson, they get to have a cake party.   

Needed: LOCAL CHARITY THAT SELLS USED ITEMS 
ACTIVITY for: “Suddenly Rich” 

Teach the kids what it means to give. Have them donate one thing they don’t want anymore, to charity. If you can go on field trips with the kids, take them all to a charity store to donate these things. Maybe let them go inside to look around, if they are well behaved children. See if you can get some information printed out (ex. fliers) so they can read about what that charity does to help people. If you can’t take them to the charity store, at least talk to them about it so they can imagine what it’s like. 
     
Needed: GLUE STICKS, PAPER, PENCILS 
ACTIVITY: for “Fruit Tree” 

Draw a picture of a tree with branches. Draw separate pictures of at least 10 fruits to glue on the tree branches. On each fruit, write down a good quality, or talent that someone may have. And then write down underneath it or on the back of the fruit (whichever you want). Write how a person can use that talent to serve God- or how God can work through that person with that talent using that talent. 

Needed: PENCIL, PAPER 
ACTIVITY for: “The Children Who Waited” 

Write down five things you don’t like to wait for. Why don’t you like to wait for them? Do you wait long or do you give up waiting?  

Needed: PENCIL, PAPER 
ACTIVITY for “Strange Man” 

Say to the children: “Think of someone that you’ve seen, heard of, or met that people didn’t like or  were afraid of. You don’t have to say who, but write down why people were afraid of them or didn’t like them./Now answer this. If you saw this person in need of anything, help walking or standing up, something to drink, or needs you get the police for them to help them, would you help them or run away?”  
    
ACTIVITY for “Think Before You Act” 

Since this is not a story, but instead questions that help you understand how you must know how to follow Jesus in order to follow him, have the children do this: Discuss or write down on a separate sheet of paper, what would happen if you had a job to do, but you didn’t know how to do it all. What would happen if you only half-way did your job or did it without thinking. Come up with an example or use the examples talked about in “Think Before You Act”.   

NO ONE KNOWS EVERYTHING, AND NO ONE IS PERFECT 
Writing 

Tell the children to write a paragraph about someone (not someone in the room with you now) that got mad when someone told them they were doing something wrong. Don’t use names. Just call them person. How did that person act when someone told them they did something wrong?  

PEOPLE THAT USE RELIGION TO GET MONEY  
Ask The Children 

Don’t mention any names, but have you ever seen someone show off? Why do you think people show off?    
    
CONTROL YOUR ANGER  
Writing 

Tell the children to list five ways people can control their anger. Ask them these questions: 
What do you do when you are angry?  
What are some dumb things people get angry about, but shouldn’t?  

SHOWING GOD’S LOVE  
Writing 

Tell the children to write a paragraph describing the answer to this question: Have you ever helped a person or animal that needed something? For example, have you ever fed an animal or have you ever given a friend a gift that they needed?  

LOVE EVERYONE  
Writing 

Ask the children: Have you ever loved someone that didn’t love you back? Were you ever nice to someone that was mean? Tell a story about a time you showed love to someone that didn’t really deserve it. Remember, don’t use names other than your own name, and don’t talk about people in the room with you. They might know you are talking about them even if you don’t say their name  
    
PRAYING  
Talk About It 

Have the children take turns answering these questions out loud:/Have you ever prayed for something in secret?  

Do you think God knows what you feel even if you don’t tell anyone how you feel? Do you think God would hear a prayer better if it were broadcast all over TV and radio than if you were to whisper it in the middle of the night with no one around?  

PRAYING  
Talk About It 

Tell the children to take turns answering these questions out loud.Do you know of a memorized prayer that you would like to re-write? What would you say? Do you tell God something different every day or do you tell him the same thing?  

SPIRIT  
Talk About It  

Have the children answer these questions out loud. Then let them talk about it freely, if anyone has anything to say about the matter. 

Have you ever been around someone that made you feel uncomfortable, but you didn’t know why?Have you ever been around someone that made you feel at ease, like you can trust them? People can tell when other people have a spirit of Light or a spirit of Darkness. Sometimes you can even see it in their eyes if they are filled with love, filled with hate, or filled with emptiness.   

GOD OR MONEY? 
Writing 

Tell the children to answer these questions on paper, and read them out loud when everyone is finished:/Do you know anyone that spends a lot of money on things they don’t need for themselves? If they have enough money, list at least five things that someone could spend money on to help others instead of wasting it on toys, electronics, decorations, makeup, or stuff people don’t really need. 
Who do you think of more often? God or money and stuff?   

IT’S EASIER TO LOVE SOMEONE THAT IS HUMBLE THAN TO LOVE SOMEONE THAT IS CONCEITED  
Talk About It 

Ask the children if they know of anyone that was born poor, but grew up to be not poor. Or someone who was unpopular when they were young, but popular when they grew up. Talk about it out loud.   
    
INNER BEAUTY VERSES OUTER BEAUTY  
Writing 

Tell the children to list at least five good personality traits to have, and why they are good personality traits.  

TRUST GOD  
Talk About It 

Ask the children what they worry about the most. When everyone talks about it, tell them “When you start to worry about those things, pray to God to take care of your problems for you."  

DO YOU WALK IN DARKNESS OR LIGHT? 
Writing 

Tell the children to list things that are wrong with themselves that are their fault, and that they could fix. Not things they can’t help. How can they fix what’s wrong?  

BE GIVING 
Writing 

Tell the children to make a list of five things that someone might do that is mean to them, and five things they can do in return that is nice instead of mean.  
     
GUIDING OTHERS ACTIVITY DON’T CRITICIZE OTHERS IF YOU CAN’T TAKE CRITICISM 
Writing 

Tell the children to make a list of everyone’s name in the room. Next to each person’s name, write down something they like about that person. Tell them to remember, “If you can’t say something nice, don’t say anything at all.”  

FORGIVENESS 
Writing 

Tell the children to list five times that they forgave someone. Have them read it out loud.  
CARING ABOUT OTHERS 

Writing 
Tell the children to list five ways they can help take care of someone else.     
    
BE NICE  
Talk About It 

Ask the children to tell of a time they felt rejected, or unwanted. When everyone is finished, tell them not to make God feel like he’s unwanted, because it doesn’t feel good.  

GOD TAKES CARE OF HIS CHILDREN 
Talk About It 

Have the children talk about a time they got what they wanted from their parents.   

IS YOUR SOUL PURE OR IMPURE? 
Talk About It 

Have the children talk about talent. Have each of them talk about a talent either they or someone they know has. Ask them “What would it be like if they hid their talent instead of sharing it?”  

BE PROUD OF GOD 
Talk About It 

Ask the children how can they let the world know that they love God? 
    
WHY GOD BLESSES PEOPLE 
Talk About It 

Ask the children “How can you use what you have to help other people? This can be stuff you own, or your talents, or your know how to do things that people need help doing.”   

LYING AND CHEATING 
Talk About It 

Ask the children “What are ways that lies can hurt people?”   

OUR JOB TO OBEY GOD 
Talk About It 

Ask the children if they are expected to do anything that they don’t get rewarded for, such as feed the cat or dog, clean their room, do homework. Tell them that obeying God is also expected of them, even if they don’t get rewarded right when they obey God.    
    
FAKE JESUS RETURNS  
Talk About It 

Do you know anyone that wears a wig? That is fake hair. If someone were to wear a wig and say it is real hair growing strait out of their head, would you believe them, even though you can pull their wig off? Jesus said he wouldn’t announce his return, but like fake hair, there will be fake Messiahs pretending to be Jesus returning.   

JESUS WASN’T PREJUDICE  
Talk About It 

Tell the children to not mention names, but do they know someone that hates a certain kind of people? Ask them if they know that Jesus loves everyone, no matter what kind of person they are, and that it is wrong to hate anyone, especially just because they are a certain type of person.        
    


