

MADE FOR EACH OTHER

By

Karen Cogan
Copyright


Copyright © 2018 by Karen Cogan
All rights reserved.
No portion of this book may be reproduced in any form without written permission by the author.


Contents

Get Your Free Prequel
Free Download of Book Two
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve
Chapter Thirteen
Chapter Fourteen
Chapter Fifteen
Chapter Sixteen
Chapter Seventeen
Chapter Eighteen
Chapter Nineteen
Chapter Twenty
Chapter Twenty-One
Chapter Twenty-Two
Chapter Twenty-Three
Chapter Twenty-Four
Don’t Forget
Read The Free Short Story
Letter From the Author
About the Author
Choose Your Next Novel
Get your free prequel
The Golden Summer: Your gift of a short prequel to Book One in the Grandma Mandy Series
Click Here

The Golden Summer Prequel to Book One in the Grandma Mandy Series

Free Download of Book Two

Sign up here for a free download of Landscape of Love, Book Two in the Grandma Mandy Series. https://bit.ly/3qJRBD7
CHAPTER ONE


Lissa Davis descended the puddle-jumper’s narrow stairs to arrive on the tarmac, then stopped and took in a deep breath, before exhaling. It had been a bumpy ride from Albuquerque to Farmington, New Mexico. She took a moment to regain her composure before heading for the glass doors into the airport arrival section. She walked past the narrow gate area and straight into the lobby, scanning faces for the young man Grandma Mandy described when she called to say she was too ill to meet the plane herself.
“Lissa?”
“Yes.” She turned her head, startled by both his warm voice and strong, good looks. 
“I’m Jason Carlisle.”
His friendly smile disarmed her while his crystal blue eyes captured her gaze. She and Jason stepped out of the way, and she extended her hand. “You must be Grandma Mandy’s friend. I hope it isn’t a bother to give me a ride.”
“None at all. Let me help you with your bag”
She shook her head. “This one isn’t bad. I could use a hand with the luggage. She indicated the baggage claim station. How’s Grandma Mandy feeling?”
The masculine scent of his sandalwood aftershave drifted to her as Jason followed to collect her bags.
As they waited for the carousel to deliver the bags, he said, “She’s over the worst of the stomach bug. She’s disappointed she’s still too weak to pick you up today.”
Lissa glanced over her shoulder. “I appreciate you helping us out.”
“It’s my pleasure.” He gave her a killer smile that piqued her curiosity as to whether his inner core was as attractive as his outer.
Grandma Mandy had mentioned he was single when she told Lissa that Jason would be giving her a ride to the house. Perhaps she had plans to set them up. If so, she’d be disappointed. Since Lissa would be returning to Houston after a short work term, it would be foolish to form a relationship. If she’d learned anything from her mother’s experience, it was that it was important to succeed in her profession and stand on her own feet.
Jason brushed a hand through his short, blond hair. She wondered what he was thinking when his gaze locked with hers. Though some men were deterred by her breezy manner, it didn’t seem to give him a moment’s pause. Since she knew no one in this small city except Grandma Mandy, having him for a friend might be nice.
She pointed out two canvas, navy suitcases for Jason to snag. He got each on the first try and swung them beside him. He pointed to the plate-glass doors. “I’m parked out front. “It’s this way.”
Glare from the fall sunlight and the crisp, dry air greeted her. Squinting, she rustled through her purse and found her sunglasses. Farmington was bright, with a clear blue sky. In contrast, she found the brown, rocky, landscape unappealing. Where she was from, thick, green vegetation filled every nook.
The view atop the airport mesa revealed more scant foliage, low brush, and scrubby trees she didn’t recognize. In contrast, the San Juan Mountains to the south sparkled under glittering mantles of snow. “Is it always this dry and…well, brown?” she asked.
“A lot of people can’t see the beauty of the desert right under their noses. The color of the rocks and the varying hues of sage are only part of the scenery you don’t see in the rest of the country.”
They had an awkward moment of quiet. Then Jason changed the direction of their conversation. “Mandy told me you’re a petroleum geologist. What does a petroleum geologist do?”
“I find the location and size of crude oil deposits by taking samples of surface rocks. Then, I go back to the lab to evaluate them for hydrocarbons and other minerals that indicate they’re oil rich. I also, use computer technology to analyse the region and read well logs. Then I can advise the company where to drill.”
From what she understood, they had several potential wells to consider. She would be expected to make a recommendation about which to pursue and advise the boss.
“Your work sounds interesting. I think it’s great you transferred to be close to your grandmother. She’s happy to have family here.”
Lissa bit her lip. “I love Grandma Mandy with all my heart, but I took this job because my boss told me it would help in getting a raise and a promotion in the Houston office. I’m only here long enough to finish this project.” 
Again, there was an uneasy silence.
“This is a nice car. What do you do for a living?” she asked. 
“I’m an artist.”
Oh.” Lissa raised a brow. “That sounds interesting. What kind of artist?”
“Landscape, mostly. The southwest is my favorite subject matter. As far as I’ve seen, it has the most beautiful scenery on earth. I’m blessed to spend time outdoors admiring God’s creation and capturing it on canvas.”
He grinned, showing even white teeth. “I get paid to do it, too.”
“I can’t imagine how you compose a painting. It sounds fulfilling to pick up a brush and make scenery come to life.  It must be a natural gift. What else do you do?”
He tilted his head. “What do you mean?”
“For a job?”
“That is my job. I’m a full-time artist.”
She blinked. “That’s impressive. You’re young and you’re making a living in a difficult market. What if it doesn’t last? It doesn’t have the security of working for a company.”
“I believe God called me to it. I trust Him to take care of me as long as I’m in His will. I’ve never missed a meal.”
Lissa contemplated his apparent faith in a job that could dry up any time the public stopped buying his work. “I admire your confidence. I prefer a career with a steady paycheck.”
It took more courage than she would ever have to take a route like that. She didn’t have that much trust in a Divine Deity or her understanding of what God wanted for her. She’d dreamed of a singing career when she was in high school. Her teachers had encouraged her to take voice lessons and perhaps go to a fine arts college. 
She gave herself a mental shake. She couldn’t let her thoughts go there. There was one fact she’d learned from her mom. Adults stayed focused and put their time into work and saving for the future.
“Do you like art?” he asked.
“I do. I’ve never met anyone who does it full-time.”
He’d seemed like an average sane guy until he mentioned his job. As he took a road past the city terminal and downhill to an area of handsome older homes, she wondered how he could stand the insecurity of such a risky profession.
They drove along a street where trees clustered in low areas beside the road. “We must be close to water,” Lissa observed.
Jason nodded. “We’re passing an area called The Glade. Rainwater washes through here from Choke Cherry Canyon. It’s natural irrigation.”
“That’s what we have in Houston. We don’t have to worry about water except for an occasional drought.”
She liked frequent rain showers. Her stint here would be a trial. Jason seemed to believe there was something of beauty in every part of creation. Perhaps he was right, and the area would grow on her.
“I didn’t bring rainwear,” she continued. “However, I was told to bring a warm coat. I can already tell it will get plenty of use.”
They turned onto a wide street and passed shopping strips with small stores, and a large grocery store. To break the silence, Lissa said, “I’ve never seen where Grandma Mandy lives. She and Granddad came to see us after they moved. We never came here to visit. Dad’s great-grandfather raised his family in the house where Grandma now lives. Before that, aunts and uncles lived in it until it fell back to Granddad.”
Jason waved a driver over who needed to change lanes. There was more to him than striking blue eyes and a strong jaw. He had manners. “The old family home has a rich history, then?”
“Yes. It means a lot to my dad because it’s been in the family for several generations. Grandma Mandy lived there as a little girl.”
They passed a large brick church and turned into a neighborhood with mostly gravel landscaping. The houses were stucco, and many had flat roofs. He pulled into the driveway of a beige house with a large plate-glass window. Moments later, her grandmother opened the door and stepped onto the flat concrete porch. Lissa hurried from the truck to greet her.
She looked thinner than Lissa remembered. They clutched each other in a hug. “You’re as pretty as ever,” Grandma Mandy said.
“Thanks. I’ve missed you. Are you feeling better? I was worried when you told me you’d been sick.”
 “Yes, much better. Just a bit weak and dizzy still. Nothing to worry about.”
Yet, Lissa was worried. She determined to nurse Grandma Mandy into good health.
Convincing her to be pampered wouldn’t be easy. Grandma Mandy had always been a dynamo of energy, always trying to help everyone with whatever they needed. Perhaps it was time for her to accept help.
 “You go in and sit down. I’ll be right back with my things,” Lissa said.
She turned and nearly bumped into Jason’s sturdy chest as he lugged her suitcases to the door. She stepped back, hoping she didn’t look as flustered as she felt. Her reaction discomposed her. Why did her heart flutter when they nearly collided? He was ruggedly handsome and had a gentle smile. Yet, there was no need for embarrassment since he didn’t know how appealing she found those qualities.
“You two go in. I’ve emptied the truck,” Jason said.
“Thanks, Jason.” Grandma Mandy took Lissa by the hand and pulled her inside, revealing she was stronger than she looked. “Isn’t he sweet? He’s so good to me.”
Lissa frowned, wondering if Jason had smiled his way into her grandmother’s affections where she and Claire belonged. If so, he would see Lissa could take care of Grandma Mandy without his help.
She looked around the living room. It was as frilly as an old-fashioned parlor, with creamy, lace sheers on the large window, a claw-legged floral sofa with doilies on the armrests, and crystal lamps with powder-blue shades and fringe. She remembered the coffee table and end tables from Grandma Mandy’s home in Houston. Grandad had handcrafted them from mahogany as a present for his young bride. Grandma Mandy had lovingly polished them for years.
Grandma Mandy pulled her onto the sofa. “I want to hear all about you, and Claire, and little Chelsea. But first, are you hungry or thirsty?”
“No. I’m fine. They fed me on the plane.”
Jason still held the bags. “Where should I put these?”
Grandma Mandy said, “Take them down the hall to the bedroom with blue wallpaper. And thanks so much, Jason. Would you like to stay for coffee?”
“No, thanks. I have to get back to work.”
He disappeared to deposit the luggage and returned a few moments later. “It was nice to meet you, Lissa.”
His blue eyes sparkled when he smiled. A dimple showed on his cheek. Lissa supposed his genial manner made many friends.
“It was nice to meet you, too.”
When he slipped out the door, Lissa told herself she wouldn’t give a second thought to his lively blue eyes or his smile. She would sit here and enjoy Grandma Mandy’s company. Grandma Mandy was a good listener and Lissa had loads to tell her. “
Now, I’ll bet you want to hear about Chelsea.”
Her Grandmother nodded. “She’s a little doll. I’m sure she’s even prettier than her pictures. My arms ache to hold her.”
Lissa understood how her grandmother felt. “She’s the most beautiful baby in the world.” Lissa pictured little Chelsea’s creamy cheeks and deep blue eyes. Lissa and Claire had shared dolls as little girls. Now Claire was blessed with one they couldn’t share. Lissa hadn’t found her Prince Charming. As she neared her twenty-eighth birthday, she wondered if she ever would.
Lissa continued. “She’s starting to smile and make a few gurgling sounds.”
“Grandma Mandy sighed. I can’t wait to see her. She looks like Claire in the pictures. We’ll have to see that Claire keeps us updated with photos.”
“Chelsea has Claire’s eyes and nose and her daddy’s long fingers.”
 “Your mom says she’s an easy baby.”
“So far, she only cries when she’s hungry, or her tummy hurts.”
Grandma Mandy nodded, “Claire had colic pretty badly when she was tiny. I thought your mom was going to pass out on her feet.”
“It’s good you were there to help. If you’d already moved here, Mom would have been even more exhausted. When I was a little kid, she always seemed harried doing a full-time job and all the cleaning and cooking until we were old enough to help. Dad was usually in the workshop until late in the evenings. He didn’t hear Mom’s weary sighs every night.”
Grandma Mandy fixed Lissa with an earnest look. “Coming here was a hard decision for me and your grandpa. I missed you and Claire more than I could stand. Still, we had Great-gram to care for. And, of course, this house has been in your granddad’s family for three generations. Once he got settled in, he didn’t want to leave. He loved the scenery and the fishing”
“We missed you, too. Why didn’t you move back when Granddad died?”
“Your father was thinking about moving up here. It seemed silly for me to move back if your family was coming. And then you and Claire grew up and went away to college. It was too late to go back. Besides, I have a church and friends I love.”
“And you don’t care much for Houston.”
“That, too.  Speaking of Houston, did your travel go okay?”
“Yes. It was blessedly uneventful. I sat between a middle-aged man with a laptop and a young woman with earplugs. There wasn’t much conversation.”
“And your personal life? Anything new?”
 “If you mean a guy, there’s no one.”
“I’m praying for you. The right one will come along. Then you’ll be glad you didn’t settle for Ricky.”
“You can’t sink much lower than a gambler and two-timer.”
“You didn’t know what he was like. He went behind your back.”
“Do you think Mom’s right? At my age, I may have to settle.”
Mandy frowned, brows deeply creased. “You must never think like that. God’s in control. Trust His timing.”
“What if it’s never the right time? I may never have kids. I know you think I should accept His will, but I don’t think I could be happy.”
“What did you think about Jason?”
Lissa shrugged. “He seemed nice. His job is too insecure, though. I need someone with a real job. Mom has complained all my life about the ups and downs of Dad’s work. I don’t want to live like that.”
“Then be patient a bit longer. I have a feeling everything will work out.”
Lissa smiled at the woman who’d always been one of her best friends. “As usual, your encouragement makes me feel better.”
“Keep your chin up.”
“I will. Thanks.” Chin up or not, Lissa wouldn’t be considering Jason Carlisle as future husband material. She didn’t need a man who considered full-time art suitable as full-time work. It was too insecure, and she wasn’t going to have any part of it.
Yet, the twinkle in Grandma Mandy’s eye left her wondering what she was planning.
CHAPTER TWO


Early, Sunday morning, Jason carried pink and blue forget-me-nots, and lacy, purple and white alyssum to the front of the church. The colorful flowers brightened the ambiance of the dark, polished pews. Stained glass windows depicting the life of Christ watched over a new generation of worshippers whom Jesus loved.
He glanced at the doorway of the sanctuary and saw the slender, dark-haired pixie he’d driven home. The white silk shirt and navy slacks fit her petite form to perfection. She spotted Jason and paused momentarily.
He smiled. “You’re early.”
“Grandma Mandy wanted to introduce me to folks before the service began. I decided to peek into the sanctuary.
He walked down the aisle towards her. “What do you think of it?”
She studied the stained-glass windows depicting the life of Christ. Polished oak pews filled the room. “It’s very pretty. It looks peaceful. What brought you to this church?”
“Your grandmother found me at an art show. She bought a small piece and began a conversation about how God had given her joy and peace she’d never had before. She kept coming to my shows and inviting me to church. Out of curiosity, I finally came.”
“They seem to be a warm and welcoming group. I’ve already been invited to a Bible study and Wednesday night suppers.”
He grinned. “That’s how I got started here. Then, as I listened to the weekly messages, my heart softened. I understood my need for forgiveness. From the day I accepted Christ as my Savior, I discovered the peace Mandy described.”
He enjoyed telling her how this place of red bricks and wide white pillars had taken him in when he’d been a seeker, blundering through life without God. He’d been lonely and receptive to these kind people after breaking up with Kelly. He’d been lonely and receptive to these kind people after breaking up with Kelly. He’d simply grown tired of coming second to her career. Her energy and ambition had drawn him to her. It was the same single-minded obsession that had driven him away after she broke date after date to work late.
He longed for a soulmate who would take time to travel with him, visit national parks, and stay a few days to take photos and hike. Ideally, that special person would share his love of painting. Unfortunately, he had not met her yet.
Jason drew his thoughts back to her spiritual life. “Were you raised in a church?”
She shook her head. “No. My parents don’t go to church. They believe a good God wouldn’t be aloof to problems on earth. Grandma Mandy raised Dad in the Christian faith. My mom didn’t come from a church-going family. Both of them lost interest over the years and were more concerned with day to day living than the state of their souls. My sister, Claire, is another story. She and Doug go to church each week and are strongly committed to their faith. Claire wants our parents and me to understand what she believes, yet I can’t quite grasp it. I guess that makes me an imposter because I love Grandma Mandy and don’t want to disappoint her.”
“Maybe God’s not finished working in your life. He brought you here. So, there must be a reason. It’s certainly been good for Mandy. For the last few weeks, she’s been elated when she talks about your transfer to Farmington. You two are very close, aren’t you?”
“Yes, we are. We saw her all the time when she lived in Houston.”
“You’re lucky. My grandmother died several years ago. I miss her.” 
Lissa bit her lip. “I’m sorry. Were you close?”
“She was a mother to me. I lived with her for several years.”
Mandy walked up wearing a bright smile as the congregation filled in. “Would you like to sit with us, Jason?”
He grinned at her, loving the way she made him feel welcome. “I would happily sit with you.”
They filed down a row near the front, and he told Lissa, “After the service, I go to the single adult class that meets down the hall. Would you like to visit?”
Lissa hesitated. “My grandmother may have other plans for us after church.”
Overhearing, Mandy said, “Oh no, dear. You go right ahead. I have my own class to attend.”
Lissa sighed. When it came to church involvement, she didn’t stand a chance against Mandy.
After the final song, Jason said, “I always help Mrs. Tyler to her class. I’ll double back for you.”
“That will be fine. Grandma likes to chat. I think she knows everyone in the church.”
***
Jason walked Mrs. Tyler past an alcove where the welcome center nestled, and then, down the hallway that branched into classrooms. After depositing her, he went back for Lissa. She and Mandy were still visiting with Mandy’s friends.
Lissa glanced up when he arrived.
“Class will be starting. Are you ready to go?” he asked.
She nodded and told Mandy’s friends how nice it had been to meet them.
As they slipped down the crowded hallway, he gave her a description of the class members she would meet. When they arrived, six men and four women mingled near the coffee and donuts that sat on a cloth-covered table positioned on the left side of the room. A metal speaker’s stand stood in the front, with rows of padded, metal chairs in a semi-circle surrounding it. Posters of scripture and prints of Jesus healing the blind man and speaking with his disciples at the last supper graced the white walls.
The members wore friendly smiles as they introduced themselves to the newcomer. Jason hoped Lissa would find the group to her liking.
***
In a church setting, Lissa felt like a fish out of water. She’d not told her grandmother it had been over five years since she’d attended. There must be a Supreme Being because someone created the world. Yet, a personal God who cared about the details of her life seemed less likely.
The world was full of random events that made no sense. People got hurt in accidents, and earthquakes turned towns into rubble. God didn’t step in to prevent natural disasters or devastating diseases. Instead, He let His creation run on its own.
She tried to concentrate on the teacher’s lesson and the wrap-up about the second commandment. Yet she was distracted by the sturdy, broad-shouldered man beside her with intelligent blue eyes. Jason’s comments about false gods proved he was insightful. He could do well in any profession. Why was he risking his future on an uncertain job?
She wasn’t paying attention when the petite blond beside her spoke. “I’m sorry. What did you say?” She focused on Patti.
“I hope you enjoyed the class and will come back.” Patti sounded sincere. “Sometimes we get together for activities like picnics and bowling.”
“That sounds fun.” The words were a polite prevarication. She didn’t want outings with people who would likely expect her to be someone she wasn’t.
“Good. I’ll look forward to seeing you,” Patti said.
The vivacious butterfly fluttered to a group clustered near the podium and Lissa escaped to the doorway. Jason intercepted her hurried departure. “May I show you the way back?”
Her libido rose. It was an easy route down the wide hall to the foyer. Though she had no romantic interest in Jason, she was complimented he had asked to escort her. His Adonis, good- looks surely earned him a second glance from most women.
Grandma Mandy waited patiently in the foyer. “Did you enjoy the class?” 
Lissa nodded. “Everyone was really friendly.”
“That’s good, dear.” She turned to Jason. “I’m making sandwiches for lunch. Would you like to join us?”
“Sure.” He glanced at Lissa. “Your grandmother makes dynamite sandwiches.” 
Grandma Mandy’s face crinkled into a smile. “We’ll see you in a few minutes.”
On the ride home, Lissa said, “You’re match-making, aren’t you? Some of my married friends have set me up with dates. None of them worked out. Do you think you’ll have better odds? The likelihood of hitting it off with a random person is small.”
“I only want my girl to be happy.”
“And you don’t think I can be happy without a man?”
“Of course you could be happy. Yet, I know you want a family. There’s nothing wrong with that. Can you honestly tell me I’m wrong?”
The memory of Claire holding the baby as she left the hospital stuck in her mind. How many times had she imagined herself clasping a silky-haired infant to her chest? She swallowed hard and fought the desire.
“No, you’re not wrong. Seeing Claire with Chelsea brought it home to me.” 
Grandma Mandy patted her arm. “I knew it.”
“And you think Jason could be my Mr. Right?”
“That’s for you to decide.”
“I don’t know anything about him, except his profession. From that, I doubt we’re compatible.”
It wasn’t likely the first man she met in Farmington would be the right one for her. How many had she dated in Houston? A dozen, at least. Not one of them had met her qualifications.
Grandma Mandy glanced out the window. “Here’s your chance to find out if you’re compatible. He just pulled up. Go tell him I made turkey and Swiss.”
Complying, she waited on the driveway for Jason to catch up while Grandma continued to the house. “Grandma made turkey and Swiss. I hope you like it.”
 “I like everything. P B and J would be okay with me.”
“Then you’d like my cooking. My mother’s side of the family doesn’t have much interest in culinary arts. Consequently, my mom didn’t teach me.”
“I probably wouldn’t notice. Without frozen dinners, I’d starve.”
 When she heard them enter, Grandma Mandy called, “Everything’s ready.”
They moved to the alcove with the ornate, Victorian, oak table Granddad had fashioned when he and Grandma Mandy got married. The hand-carved chairs had seen years of use. Every year for birthdays, Grandma Mandy had served a requested meal and home-made cake atop the table. The store-bought cakes Lissa’s mom bought were never as delectable as those her grandmother made.
When she’d poured the tea, Mandy asked Jason to say the blessing. “I’d be glad to.”
They bowed their heads, “Lord, we are grateful for Your gift of daily bread. All good things come through You. And we thank you for Your loving presence in our lives. Amen.”
“Amen,” Mandy echoed.
They passed around the platter of sandwiches, carrots, and dip. A cut-glass bowl of grapes graced the center of the table. Lissa took a sip of sweet tea. She’d missed her grandmother’s tea. No one made it quite like her.
“How do you like Farmington so far?” Jason asked Lissa.
“Very well. People are friendly and there’s less traffic. It’s just as fast-paced, though. Are you a native of the area?”
“No. I’m from Cortez, up in Colorado. I came five years ago. I found studio space that was less expensive here.”
“Tell me more about what you paint
“Besides south-western landscapes, I make a couple of trips to the Grand Canyon, Zion National Park, and Monument Valley each year. I get lots of local inspiration, too.”
Lissa mulled it over. It sounded like he had a life of constant vacation. It must be nice.
She fought a twinge of jealousy. She always thought people grew up and worked hard for a living. “I still can’t believe you make a living at it.”
He tilted his head. “Why not?”
“Art is not a necessity. Doesn’t your business have lots of ups and downs?”
Jason’s answer sounded thoughtful. “Sometimes it gets slow. Fortunately, it evens out.”
She studied him. “Seriously? My father had months at a time when his business was sluggish. His hard work garnered only a handful of sales. My mother told Claire and me we might have to sell our things and get a smaller home. I remember the worry knot in my stomach. Claire and I would have to go to a new school. I was barely comfortable in the one I attended.”
“That must have been miserable. However, art has been a lifeline for me,” Jason said. “When I used to get depressed, I’d lose myself in drawing and forget my problems for a while.”
Grandma Mandy patted Lissa’s hand. “He’s very talented. You’ll have to see his work.”
What kind of security could he expect? Activities like painting were great for free-time. But a real job?  How did he plan to support a family?
“Don’t you have any creative leanings?” Jason asked Lissa.
“I can’t think of any.”
Grandma Mandy chuckled. “When you were little, you loved to put on plays. You would dress up in the cutest little costumes and be different characters and make up a story and act it out.”
Lissa felt her cheeks heat. “I was a child. I don’t do that anymore.”
“Some people make big money at it,” Grandma Mandy pointed out. 
“Most work at restaurants and never make it,” Lissa insisted.
Her grandmother’s frown warned Lissa she’d probably insulted their guest’s artistic nature. She hadn’t meant to do so. Yet, logic was on her side.
Everyone had to grow up and act sensibly to be useful in this world. Yet, she shouldn’t have been tactless. It would be best to change the subject.
“I guess I just don’t understand the art market. Tell me about the southwest. I’m looking forward to sightseeing. What are some places you recommend?”
Jason rubbed his chin. “Right here, we have Aztec Ruins and Salmon Ruins. The Mesa Verde remains are about an hour from Cortez. They were built under cliff overhangs. The ancient Anasazi people lived in them. Most of the ruins are still intact and you can tour them. If you don’t mind a longer trip, the Grand Canyon is well worth the journey to Arizona.”
“They all sound worthwhile.”
Grandma Mandy turned to Jason. “Maybe we could tag along the next time you go.” 
He raised his brows. “Sure. I’d be glad to have company.”
Lissa tensed in response to Grandma Mandy’s finagling. To have him escort her out of a sense of obligation was embarrassing. They didn’t have much in common. She wasn’t a free spirit as she supposed him to be. Her tendencies were definite, logical, and scientific. Likely, he’d find her dull. Still, his gracious response, after what she’d said about his job, obligated her to be gracious in return. “Thanks. That would be great.”
Grandma Mandy brought out the dessert. She refilled the tea glasses and they munched homemade sugar cookies. As usual with her grandmother’s desserts, Lissa found it hard to stop.
She was thinking about a job she would tackle at work tomorrow when she heard Jason ask, “What were your favorite things to do in Houston?”
“Between cleaning my apartment, and my job, I didn’t have much time for recreation. I had a few favorite restaurants, a gym membership, and I went to movies. The Houston Livestock Show and Rodeo were fun when I was a teen and decided cowboys were appealing.”
“We have those things here, plus lots of rodeos.”
She smiled. “I’m over the cowboy phase.”
“What do you do for fun now?”
“I read, watch television, and go to movies. How about you?” she asked.
“The same,” he admitted. “I also hike, play around on the guitar, and listen to music.” 
“God blessed Lissa with a lovely voice,” Grandma Mandy told Jason. “You two should team up and sing at church now and then.”
Lissa wasn’t sure about the intimacy that would require. Yet, she did love to sing. 
She asked Jason. “You play the guitar? I always wanted to learn it, but I never got around to it.”
He smiled and his blue eyes brightened. “I’m not as good as I’d like, but I enjoy it. Would you sing with me sometime? We could get together and practice. Then we could try it out on Mandy.”
Mandy passed the cookies to Jason. “I’d enjoy a private concert. How about it, Lissa?”
Lissa had resisted the temptation to dabble in her former hobby for quite some time. She had convinced herself she should spend her time more productively. Yet her grandmother’s hopeful face spurred her to agree. “It’s been a long time since I’ve sung with accompaniment. If you’ll bear with me, I’ll try it.”
“Good.” Grandma Mandy positively beamed.
Lissa knew she risked disappointment with Jason. She didn’t thrive on the arts, as Jason did. Her only creative talent was singing. When he discovered this truth, he might drop their friendship. Though she’d pretend it didn’t matter, her feelings would be hurt.
“Are you free Wednesday night?” he asked. “We could go to church for the supper and service and stay afterward for a jam session.”
“Weeknights won’t work. I’ve just started my job and I’m exhausted at the end of the day.”
“Come over next Saturday night. Lissa will be rested by then,” Grandma Mandy said.
Jason studied Lissa “Is that all right with you?”
She’d have to gently convince her grandmother not to plan social events for her. Yet, now wasn’t the time. “Saturday is fine,” she said.
“What time?” Jason asked.
Grandma Mandy looked at Lissa for the answer.
“Seven o’clock,” she decided, looking forward to it though she still had concerns. Jason was charming. Yet, she couldn’t risk falling in love with him and living as her parents had done. She would have to keep him at arm’s length to avoid temptation.
CHAPTER THREE


When they finished lunch, Grandma Mandy suggested a game of Clue. “Lissa loved that game when she was growing up. Do you know how to play?” she asked Jason
“He shook his head. “I’m a fast learner, though.”
“I need a reminder, too. I haven’t played in years,” Lissa said.
Grandma Mandy took out the board and explained the rules as she laid out the pieces.
In the first round, Jason guessed the villain. He looked pleased when his glee got a smile from Lissa. 
“You remind me of a little boy. I’ve forgotten how much fun simple things like games can be,” she admitted.
Mandy chuckled, as she told Jason, “You’re a great detective. Are you sure you’ve never played this game before?”
Jason laughed. “No way. Honest.”
“Then, you must have a good memory,” Lissa stated. She envied him. He seemed to be blessed in all he did. He had a career doing what he wanted, and he made a living at it. He had a deep faith that God would see him through anything life threw at him. Yet, did he underestimate the depth of his faith if his business cratered around him?
In the next round, Grandma Mandy won. She cackled at her victory.
“Lissa smiled. “You’re a terrible winner.”
“I know.”
Her frankness was refreshing. It was good to see her enjoying herself. Lissa had been worried about her when she first arrived. Since then, she’d perked up and gotten her color back.
Jason was grinning at Grandma Mandy. “You’re quite the detective.”
“You never saw it coming,” she replied.
He nodded. “You’re right. Now, I gotta get home. It’s been a great afternoon. How about a re-match next week?”
“What do you think, Lissa? Should we give him another chance?”
Lissa put her finger on her chin as though considering. “Only if you let me win.”
She had mixed feelings about spending so much time with Jason. Yet, Grandma Mandy enjoyed his company.
“If that’s the price,” he said.
In the living room, after he left, Lissa watched the sun cast leafy shadows on the wall as she evaluated her new friend. Being a self-employed artist put him at the mercy of the economy. He could fail at any time. Yet, his wit and humor made her smile inside.
Grandma Mandy returned and flipped on the light before joining her. Then, she settled into her favorite wingback chair and took out her knitting “What do you think of Jason now?”
“He’s great fun.” In truth, she was confused about what she thought. Yet, as long as he remained only a friend, she would be fine.
“He likes you.”
Lissa raised her brows. “How can you tell?”
“Experience.”
“You know how different we are. He’s a free spirit. I’m into job security. I can’t see how that would ever change. I went through my entire childhood stewing about money. I watched my mom worry as she balanced her checkbook. She often warned us we’d have to cut back if Dad didn’t have more sales. I worried all the time. It was awful.”
“Did you girls ever want for anything?”
Lissa sighed. “No, because Mom worked hard to carry the financial burden. Though she warns me I’m too old to be picky about men, she’d think I was crazy to follow her path.”
“Your situation would be different. But that’s not to say you should fall in love with Jason. God will put the right man in your path at the right time.”
Lissa couldn’t help quipping, “With your help?”
“God doesn’t need help. He hears our prayers. He’ll do what’s best.”
“Tell that to Mom.”
Grandma Mandy shook her head and a gray curl dipped over her forehead. She brushed it back. “I’m not that brave.”
Lissa sighed. “Few are.”
 She caught her lip. “You put him on the spot about sightseeing. He might not want to take us.”
“Nonsense. He goes out all the time for painting ideas. We might as well go along and see the sights while you’re here.”
“You’ll have to be more subtle if you don’t want me to know what you’re up to.” 
Grandma Mandy’s eyes widened in innocence. “I want you to see the southwest.”
“And spend time with Jason? If you don’t say anything else, maybe he’ll forget you invited us.”
He wouldn’t, because Grandma Mandy would see he didn’t. 
“We’ll have fun. You’ll see,” Grandma Mandy promised.
Lissa trod down the hall to take a bath with scented salts and oils and distract herself from Jason. She focused her attention on a novel in which the heroine sought to escape a secret government force that was trying to kill her. Lavender scented water and soft rock music helped her knotted muscles relax as she was whisked away to a world where she could forget she had no romantic possibilities, except for a man in an uncertain profession.
***
As he drove home after their game of Clue, Jason’s thoughts centered on Lissa. She intrigued him more than any woman he’d met since he and Kelly went their own ways. Like a rich parfait, cloaked in mysterious layers, Lissa made him want to dig beneath the surface and crack the code of her conflicting messages. He replayed their conversations without gaining any insight. Perhaps relaxing next Saturday with guitar playing and singing would answer some of his questions.
He turned right on Butler, planning to drive straight to his apartment. However, the towering cliffs, blushing in golden hues at sunset, lured him. He didn’t usually work on Sunday. Yet he felt driven to capture them on canvas, along with the foreground of rock and scraggly sagebrush that held romantic beauty of their own. He never longed for the greens of warmer, wetter lands. The character of the southwest had been wrought by harsh elements; much like God had done in his life. Perhaps this made him appreciate the austere beauty all the more.
He continued along the road that led past the hospital and a perfect view of the precipice. He parked on the shoulder and set up his travel easel and paints, as much a necessity to him as a woman’s purse. He painted quickly with broad strokes to capture shapes and colors. Details could be added later. He called it quits only when the fickle sun grew too low to shed its light. Then, pleased with what he had captured, he headed home.
On Monday morning, he tackled a large Grand Canyon piece centered on Woton’s Throne from the North Rim. He had traveled there in the spring and photographed the canyon. Mild, sunny weather had graced his efforts. He had sketched and photographed from early morning to day's end, capturing the changes in hue. The final composition was born from a sketch done in the late afternoon when the azure sky allowed the low sun to bathe the formation in a burgundy glow. As always, he was awestruck by the beauty.
He’d thought a lot during this time alone. Happy couples he had seen in the lodge made him long for marriage with Christ in the center. Being alone grew tiresome. In his younger, wild days, he’d joined a gang and performed petty crime, stealing from stores, and keeping look-out while they stripped cars. How foolish he’d been before he’d become a Christian.
**
When Saturday night arrived, he stopped for two bouquets at the grocery store before heading to Mandy’s house. After choosing the flowers, he hurried back to the car. He had gotten one for Mandy, too, so Lissa didn’t get the wrong idea. He wasn’t making a romantic gesture, just a friendly gift to bring her pleasure. He wanted to see a smile replace her usual pensive expression.
A light dusting of snow covered the car’s roof and windshield. He slid inside and turned on the wipers and heat. Dusk was settling, and it was chilly for this time of year. He preferred summer when the evening light lingered, and the days were warm. During that golden season, ice and snow didn’t bar travel and he didn’t have to bundle in layers of clothing. Nonetheless, winter was God’s design. So, he tried to appreciate it.
On Mandy’s porch, he brushed snowflakes from his coat while he waited for an answer to his knock. 
Lissa opened the door and invited him in. She glanced at the bouquets. “More flowers?  Grandma Mandy will love them.”
“One is for you, and one is for your grandmother. Yours are a welcome to Farmington.” 
He’d always found the best antidote for someone too focused on their job was a dose of nature. Stress melted from him when he viewed a field of flowers or a mountain view. Water tumbling over rocks in a stream, or a crimson sunset always helped him unwind when he became too involved in his work. Perhaps it would work for Lissa, too.
She sniffed the perfume of the red and white carnations. “These are my favorites.”
“I thought they might be.”
She raised a brow. “Why?”
 “They’re my favorites, too.”
While she sought a vase, he opened his guitar case and removed his classical, acoustic guitar. Its freshly- polished rosewood gleamed in the light of the two, fringe-shaded lamps sitting on either side of the couch. The cozy room warmed him after the chill of the snowy outdoors.
A few moments later, Lissa returned, holding a cut-glass vase with her bouquet. 
“These are cheery now that there are no blooms left outdoors.  It still feels like summer in Houston. Gardens are growing and they’re mowing grass. At least there are fewer bugs here. I haven’t seen a roach since I arrived.”
She shivered. “Sometimes flying wood roaches made it into the house on a warm evening. There were smaller varieties, too. No matter how clean I tried to be, it was impossible to get rid of them.”
“It’s too cold for many insects here. Still, when I moved here, I thought it was warm compared to Cortez. Guess it’s what you’re used to.”
Lissa rubbed her arms. “I don’t like being cold. I’m going to shop for a couple more sweaters.”
“Do you know how long you’ll stay?” he asked. “There are advantages to a small town, though I suppose, going back to Houston will advance your career.”
She perched on the arm of a claw-legged chair. “I don’t know the timetable. It depends on how much oil we find.”
“I hope you find a lot. That would be good for the city. In the past, when the oil and gas industry dried up, people moved out. Businesses closed and the housing market dropped. The economy’s more diverse now, yet it’s still a big part of the city’s livelihood.”
“I’ll do my best. Still, either it’s there, or it’s not.” 
Changing the subject, she asked, “Would you like some tea or cola?”
“I’m fine. Thanks.” He nodded at the guitar. “You want to jam a little?”
“Sure. I’d like to hear you play. Music and painting flow from your soul. You’ve nurtured your creative talents instead of choosing a more pragmatic life. I struggled between the two when I first discovered I had a smidgeon of singing ability. Eventually, I threw out the creative in place of the practical.”
“Mandy says you’re being modest about your ability.”
“That remains to be seen. You first,” she insisted.
He warmed up with a few chords before beginning a heart-tugging rendition of “Precious Lord”. She listened, transfixed as memories washed over her. When he finished, she said, “I hadn’t heard that since I was a child, when Claire and I went to church with Grandma Mandy and Granddad. After they moved from Houston, Claire and I no longer went to church. In the years after that, there were times I needed some leading from God, but I didn’t ask. My faith’s never been that strong.”
“It can be. God wants it to be.” He began to sing again in a smooth baritone that raised goosebumps on her arms. When he closed his eyes at the end of the song, she admired his strong jawline and high cheekbones. With charm and broad shoulders, why was he here instead of on a date?
He stopped singing and studied her. “I hope I didn’t hurt your ears.”
“I enjoyed it.” She gazed into eyes, blue enough to drown in, and was reminded he was an eligible bachelor. He was also self-employed. Her mother had taught her nothing was worth that risk.
On the second song, he hit one she remembered. She joined in to harmonize. He quit singing, and she carried it to the end.
“You have a beautiful voice. Wait until I tell the choir director,” he said.
“Thanks, but I can’t be tied to endless volunteer responsibilities at church. The time I spend singing to please Grandma Mandy is enough.”
“Maybe we could work up a couple of special songs for Christmas Eve. You won’t be working then, will you?” he asked.
“I’ll be off Christmas Eve, but that doesn’t mean I’ll have time to practice for a performance. I have a job with a responsibility that I can’t throw aside, without getting fired. That’s the price of job security.”
Jason fingered his strings. “Then we’ll sing for fun,”
With that, he threw himself into a bout of songs popular when they’d been in high school.
CHAPTER FOUR


As she sang along, Lissa recalled her early dreams and ambitions. She’d fulfilled her plans and had most things she’d ever wanted, except for a singing career, and a family of her own.
It was becoming evident that, unlike Claire, Lissa was meant to be a career woman. The sooner she got that through her head, the better she would feel. She could stop wasting time longing for children, and move up the ladder at work, instead. She would learn to be content as a doting aunt. She steeled herself to this plan, even though her heart cried out. Yet hearts were meant to be tamed and disciplined to cooperate. Why was hers so obstinate?
Jason paused at the end of the last chorus of a song she remembered from her senior prom. She’d been dating a boy in the science club. They were both poor dancers and had spent most of the evening at the table. Lissa had been self-conscious in her sleek prom dress with spaghetti straps. Though she wouldn’t have missed the experience, she was glad when it was over.
“Do these songs bring back good memories?”  Jason asked.
She shook her head. “Neither good nor bad. I’m not one of the people who burned with a bright flame during high school and will never reach that height again.”
“It’s sad how some people can’t move on after being prom queen.” 
She nodded. “What about you?  How was your life back then?”
His jaw tightened and his eyes held a flicker of sadness. “My teens weren’t so great. My dad split when I was born, and my mom ditched me when I was five. I lived with my grandmother. She got sick when I was twelve, and I went into foster care. I had a rough time for a while.”
He hesitated and then continued. “As long as I had my grandmother, I could stand being dumped by my parents. Her illness seemed like another desertion, though I knew she’d not chosen to get sick. The stealing, drugs, and lying I did during those dark days still pain my soul. I’m grateful God rescued me and gave me a new life.”
Her heart ached for the young boy he had been. “That must have been rough for you. The teen years are hard enough without having to live with strangers.
“It was rough. I tried to fit in with all the wrong people and I did things I’m not proud of. Someone like you couldn’t truly understand. Your family life sounds picture perfect. I bet you were an easy, obedient child.”
“I suppose you’re right. I never hung out with wild kids. My parents would never have allowed it.”
“That’s the difference between us. You had them for protection.”
“True. Still, I don’t think it would have appealed to me. I was never that sort.”
His grimace made her realize she’d said the wrong thing. “That sort? You weren’t dumped by your parents and gradually learned to trust a grandmother who was suddenly jerked from your life. You weren’t forced to live with strangers while you worried the only person who loved you might die. If so, you might have looked for lost souls like yourself who understood your misery the way no sheltered child could.”
Lissa drew her lips into a tight line. His accusation offended her. “The worries that plagued me as a child weren’t easy, either.”
“I know. Still, it’s easy to be judgmental when you haven’t walked in another’s shoes. And though I’d never condone the lifestyle I sunk into, can’t you have compassion on a hurting kid?”
She fell into stony silence.
Jason sighed. “I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have gone off like that. I guess the feelings are still close to the surface after all these years. I need to let go and be grateful God saved me from the path I was headed.”
“You must be an important person if God took such personal interest in you.” She knew she was being unreasonably sarcastic yet couldn’t help it.
“We’re all important to God. Don’t you think He takes an interest in you?”
“I think after He puts us here, He takes a hike. Look at all the things wrong with the world. There are floods, volcanoes, diseases, and war. If He allows these things, I don’t see why He’d help any of us with our problems.”
“We’re living in a world we chose by our sin. Jesus offers us an eternal way out of our temporary pain and suffering.”
“I don’t need a sermon.  I’ve spent a few Sundays in church.”
“Just sitting in a pew doesn’t make you God’s child. Have you put your faith in Him? Is he Lord of your life?”
Lissa stiffened. “We don’t know each other well enough for personal questions.”
Jason sighed. “I can tell you’re angry, so I better get going. Please think about what I said. God’s not distant. He’s waiting for you to invite Him into your life.”
She sat unmoving as he headed for the door. He’d dismissed her childhood worries and lectured her about God. His problem had been worse than hers. Yet, it gave him no excuse to dismiss her feelings.
She heard the door click and knew he’d left. Instead of being relieved, the empty room filled her with loneliness. Her mood didn’t improve when she prepared for bed. Her world view was as valid as his. So why did he seem more at peace than she? She slid into bed and closed her eyes, longing to bury her unsettled emotions beneath the oblivion of sleep.
The next morning, Lissa cornered Grandma Mandy at breakfast. “Your sewing kept you busy all evening. I thought you wanted to hear us sing.”
“I could hear you. I enjoyed it.”
Lissa studied Grandma Mandy’s face. Did she not think Lissa could see through the ploy? “You thought your absence would push us together, didn’t you?”
“Did it?”
“No. I like Jason. He’s nice. I can see us becoming friends. I think that’s as far as we’ll go. I can’t imagine him leaving the southwest and coming to Houston with me. I have to go back eventually.”
Grandma Mandy creased her brows. Yet, she asked only, “Didn’t you have a good time?”
Lissa shrugged. “Jason lectured me about not judging people growing up in circumstances different than mine. He has a chip on his shoulder from being a bad boy in the past. I didn’t appreciate his chiding.”
“I love you, dear. But was there any truth in it? Do you, perhaps, feel you’re better?”
“Of course not. But I don’t think my mistakes are any worse than his.”
“It doesn’t matter what mistakes we’ve made once Christ becomes our Lord and changes our hearts. You know that.”
Lissa didn’t know it. Nor did she believe it. Yet, Grandma Mandy wouldn’t like her honest opinion. So, she bit back the words. “You’re right. Jason’s as good as anyone, now.”
Grandma Mandy blew her nose and Lissa noticed she looked flushed. “Do you feel all right?”
“I came down with a cold last night. I’ve been having chills and a bit of a fever.” 
Concerned, Lissa felt her forehead. “You can’t go to church this morning. We’ll have to stay home.” 
Though Grandma Mandy’s church wasn’t unpleasant, Lissa would enjoy a free Sunday morning.  It would be nice to curl back into bed and read the mystery novel she’d started.
“You can go, dear. I’m not that sick and I don’t want you to miss because of me.”
“No. You’re going back to bed and I’m going to take care of you. You love your church. You must feel pretty ill to stay away. I’m going to ply you with hot tea and soup.”
Grandma Mandy tried again. “I want you to go.”
“I won’t. You’re in no condition to argue. So, please go back to bed and I’ll bring you a cup of tea. We can go to church next week.”
Though Mandy frowned in disapproval, she shuffled to her room. Lissa watched, struck by the realization that her grandma was getting old. She would need someone to help care for her someday. 
Perhaps, she’d come along when Lissa returned to Houston. They could share an apartment. If Grandma Mandy needed anything, she would have all of her family there to care for her. It made more sense than living so far away. However, convincing Grandma Mandy might be difficult.
Lissa was hesitant to answer when Jason called after Sunday school. “Missed you two today.  Is everything all right?”
“I’m nursing Grandma Mandy. She has a bad cold.”
“Do you need anything? I could stop by with chicken soup.”
“Thanks, but I have it covered.” She determined to protect her heart from his thoughtfulness. When she formed a serious relationship, it wouldn’t involve a roller coaster of career success one minute and failure the next. Her mom had done that for years as her dad labored in the hand-crafted furniture business.
He paused. “I’m sorry for offending you last night. I shouldn’t have been so sensitive.”
His apology caught her off-guard. She expected him to be annoyed with her. She’d been insensitive about his difficult childhood.”
She swallowed hard. “I wasn’t nice to you. Forgive me for what I said, please.”
 Certainly. It’s forgotten. Give me a call if you decide you need anything for Mandy today.”
“I will.”
She went back to reviewing the well-log data she’d wanted to study. The Bible on Granddad’s carved coffee table caught her eye. Most evenings, Grandma Mandy sat with it in her lap, engrossed in taking notes. Lissa pondered why it gave her so much comfort.
When she was in college, Lissa had tried to study the Bible once. She hadn’t found it interesting and set it aside. As she pondered in the quiet room, she felt an unexpected longing for something she couldn’t name. Her grandmother got strength and fulfillment from her relationship with God. What would that feel like?
She cast off the discomfiting thoughts and concentrated on her work until Grandma Mandy awoke. She smiled and stretched as she entered the room. “I feel better. How about tomato soup and grilled cheese for supper?”
“Sure, if you let me make it.”
Lissa insisted on serving Grandma Mandy when the food was ready. When they finished, she cleared the table while her grandmother finished the last of her hot tea.
“I’m sorry we missed Sunday school today. You were just getting to know some people,” Grandma Mandy said.
“That’s all right. I can go next week.” Lissa rinsed a bowl and set it into the dishwasher. 
“Jason called,” Lissa added. “He said to let him know if you need anything.”
“He’s a sweet boy. He’s good-looking, too. I can’t imagine why he’s not married.”
Lissa winced. “Why am I not married?”
“Like Jason, you haven’t met the right person.”
“According to Mom, the good ones are gone by now.” Lissa’s heart clenched at the memory. She assumed she’d marry by the time she graduated from college. Now, those years were slipping behind her. She had no family to show for her degree.
“Jason’s proof she’s wrong, even if he’s not the right one for you. He’ll make a wonderful husband for the right woman.”
“So you don’t think I’m on my last chance?”
“Of course not, honey. However, I’d hardly call Jason a last chance. He’s a solid guy.”
Lissa sighed. “Why doesn’t he have a stable job? How could I trust him to support a family?”
“Responsibility isn’t a job trait, it’s a personality quality.”
“I’ve never liked risky. I talked to Mom last night. She agreed Jason’s background was too different from mine. I hurt his feelings when I pointed out the dichotomy. I didn’t mean to insult him. But our upbringing was very different.”
“Some women might find being married to an unconventional man intriguing. Not everyone is as conservative as you, dear.”
“I know. Still, I’d feel better about considering Jason if he was an architect or engineer. It’s not that I’m picky. Is it too much to ask that he work for a company, and have a salary and job benefits?”
Grandma Mandy smiled softly. “That’s not who he is.”
Grandma’s words about being too cautious stuck in Lissa’s head as she prepared for bed. Should she reconsider her opinions? She fell asleep before she could figure it out.
She got to work early the next morning. With so many gas well projects, she would be busy all day. Paula, her secretary, brought in a vase with six yellow roses.
“It looks like someone’s made a good friend.” Paula’s dark eyes sparkled. Bright and witty, probably in her early forties, she looked snappy in her short-skirted business suit.
Lissa decided it was time to nip rumors in the bud. “That’s right. If it’s from who I think, we are only friends.”
Paula raised a chestnut brow before clicking out of the office in her heels. Lissa turned her attention to the crisp, white card on which Jason had wished her a good day. He hadn’t asked her out or openly pursued her. She had no grounds to set him straight about the possibility of a relationship. Still, politeness dictated she respond.
She phoned him. “Hi. I got the flowers. Thanks. They’re lovely and they smell wonderful. I’ll enjoy them.”
“You’re welcome. I was on an errand and saw them. They reminded me of you.”
“That was thoughtful.” Her heart warmed despite her resolve. It felt nice to be singled out for attention.
He chuckled. “It was impulsive.”
“Perhaps I could show my appreciation with a pan of brownies.”
“No need, yet I wouldn’t turn them down.”
She hoped he wouldn’t be disappointed if they were made from a mix. Cooking wasn’t her strong point. “I better get back to work. I just wanted you to know how much I’ll enjoy the flowers.”
Indeed, they did brighten up the dull office. With a dark wood desk and north-facing windows, she got little sunlight. She had no paintings to brighten the walls. The glow of her computer screen was the most cheerful spot in the room.
“I’m glad you like them. Do you think you’ll be in church this week?” he asked.
“Yes, Grandma Mandy should be well by then. She hates to miss the service. She was upset last week that I stayed home to take care of her.”
The truth was Lissa wished Grandma Mandy was more relaxed about attendance. Then, Lissa could make only an occasional appearance. In Houston, she’d slept in on Sundays. She counted on it for much-needed downtime after a busy week. Her grandmother wouldn’t see it that way. She would worry about Lissa’s lack of commitment. It wasn’t worth upsetting her. 
“Then I’ll see you Sunday,” he said.
They hung up and Lissa considered another reason why she and Jason would never be compatible. Weekly worship was important to him.
She forced her attention back to her work. An arrangement of flowers would not make her fall for this guy.
CHAPTER FIVE


Mandy visited Jason. As she sipped the iced tea he’d made, she explained, “My Sunday school class is having a potluck next Sunday after class. Lissa was invited. She declined with the excuse she needed to do laundry. I think she’d feel awkward coming to the potluck when she’s not in the class. Still. I hate leaving her alone for lunch.”
Jason glanced over his easel to give her a suspicious look. “Is this a hint?”
“Of course not. It’s just she hasn’t made many friends here yet, and I hate to see her shut herself away.”
Jason raised his brows, still suspicious she was setting them up. “I’ll ask her to lunch if it makes you feel better.”
She smiled sweetly. “If you want to, dear. That would be very nice.” 
He raised a knowing brow that she pretended not to see. Yet he kept his promise. As he walked with Lissa after their class on Sunday, he asked, “Want to grab a bite to eat? I know a good café.” 
He hoped she wouldn’t think of it as a date. It was only a favor to Mandy.
She paused to look into his eyes. “Did Grandma Mandy tell you she had a potluck today?”
“Yes. Since she’s not making lunch for either one of us, I thought we could make the best of it and eat out.”
She nodded. “Only if you let me pay my way.” 
“Okay.  Do you want to see if we can beat the crowd?”
“Sure. Lunch sounds good. I could use some downtime. Work’s been hectic lately.”
Jason knew Lissa suspected Mandy had a hand in arranging this. If she hoped for romance to bloom, she’d be disappointed. Jason wanted to marry a believer and he supposed Lissa wanted a corporate executive or a scientist, level-headed and realistic, someone like her.
The Mexican restaurant he chose had festive red and green chilies painted on the sign above the arched entrance. Inside, business bustled. Lissa and Jason took a back table surrounded by talkative families. 
“At times like this, I miss the old days of Mom, Dad, Claire, and me, together at a restaurant. Now, Claire has a family of her own,” Lissa said.
“You’re lucky to have such warm family memories,” Jason told her.
The waitress arrived and Lissa ordered chicken quesadillas. Jason chose enchiladas. She laughed at the option of red or green chilies. “In Houston, they’d think you wanted enchilada sauce. I think the southwest is the only place you can get the real thing on hamburgers and sandwiches”.
He grinned. “Seriously?”
“Yep.”
He took a sip of tea. “How’s your job going? Have you settled in?”
“Everyone’s made me welcome and I’m getting used to the different geological strata here.”
“So, you don’t miss the big city?”
She smiled. “A little. There are more choices of things to do. It’s ironic. I didn’t have time to do them.”
“We have great hiking in the fresh outdoors. I bet you didn’t have that.”
 “No. I had to make do with a half-hour on the treadmill each day.”
He shook his head. “Sounds boring. I take a brisk walk each morning. On weekends, I head to the wilderness park. Someday, I’m going to buy a dog to take with me.”
“I’ve never had a dog.”
“What pets did you have?”
She sighed. “None. Most of my friends had animals. Never Claire or I. My mother thought they were dirty and would make us sick.”
“What a shame. You missed a lot of fun.”
“What did you drag home?”
He grinned at her. “Let’s see, rabbits, fish, cats, dogs, a hamster, and a rat. That’s all I can remember.”
“You must have spent a lot of time cleaning up after them.”
“When I got old enough. My grandmother had the duty before that. Eventually, I learned responsibility. They were worth it.”
“I spent my time reading and playing dolls with my sister.”
“And you never wanted a kitty to dress in doll clothes and push in a buggy?”
“Nope. I wanted the pretty budgie I saw in a pet store.”
“What was wrong with that?”
“Too messy.” Lissa remembered her mother’s lecture about birdseed scattered on the floor and a messy cage to clean.
“I pity you as a little girl who was protected from animals and the outdoors. Would you like to go hiking this weekend?”
She bit her lip and considered it. Aloud, she said, “Rocky terrain would be interesting. Unlike the overgrown trails in Houston parks, I’d be able to see if snakes were underfoot.”
As a seeming afterthought, she added, “Do you think I can keep up? It’s a higher altitude than I’m used to.”
“We won’t go fast.”
“Okay. The exercise would do me good. And a hike under your sunny, cerulean skies sounds relaxing. The heavens in Houston rarely clear. So, sure, I’d like to go.”
“Great.” He grinned. “Is nine o’clock too early?”
“No. I’m up by eight on Saturdays. I have to wake up at six all week. Eight is sleeping in.” 
“I’ll come by, and we’ll go to the wilderness park for an hour or so. You’ll love the trails. They go for miles.”
“Clean air, exercise, and desert. I’ll bring water,” she offered. 
“Great. I’ll bring snacks.”
“We won’t get lost? The hike sounds fun, but I don’t want to wander for hours. I was lost in a mall once as a child and I cried hysterically until my parents found me.”
“No. You can see for miles,” he assured her. He understood the pain of feeling lost and alone. Unfortunately, childhood scars lasted a long time.
She rested a hand under her delicate chin. “I can hardly imagine a panorama. I’m used to trees and buildings blocking the view. I never considered leaving the concrete jungle until the job offer here. The rocks and cliffs are growing on me. Is that why you began painting? You liked the scenery?”
He couldn’t help noticing how green her eyes looked. Her dark hair lay in soft waves to her shoulders. Why did she have to be so lovely?
“No. I’ve loved to draw and paint ever since I can remember. I always chose it when I had free time in school.”
“You paint because you can’t help it, don’t you?”
“Exactly.”
She fingered her water glass. “My high school counselor pushed me to pursue a science career. High grades in chemistry and geology helped me get a scholarship to the University of Houston, where I got my petroleum engineering degree. At the time, I felt decisions were being made for me. Still, they were logical choices, and I got a good job. My lifelong interest has been singing. That’s a long shot career to make a living.”
“I figured you had a lifetime interest in geology.”
“Not really. Not when I was a kid.”
“You seem to like your job,” he observed.
“Of course, though I’m afraid my interest doesn’t come close to your passion for art. One day, I’ll retire and give up geology. Will you ever give up painting?” 
He grinned. “I doubt it. It’s an obsession, something in the blood.”
“I can’t imagine how you have the patience to put on all those brushstrokes that culminate in a beautiful painting. What else did you do when you were growing up?” she asked.
“I explored the outdoors. When I was sixteen, my grandmother recovered enough for me to return home. That’s when I began to clean up my life. My buddies and I paddled rivers and climbed rocks. We biked and played baseball. When we got older, we rebuilt cars and raced. A couple of years ago I went to France to study art and hike through Italy to visit the art museums. And that brings us to the present.”
 “I’m impressed. I’ve never been out of Texas until I moved here.” 
He studied her. “Have you ever wanted to travel?”
“I never considered it. My family didn’t take long trips. I was busy with school, and then work.”
“You’d like Italy. The Coliseum and Parthenon are fascinating.”
“Really?  The stereotype of a young artist is to spend your career scrambling to make a living. It turns out you’re the one who is better traveled. A man of the world. I lay claim only to birth in a large city. I’d like to see some of the ancient sites.”
“Maybe someday you will.”
She nodded and finished her quesadilla. They paid their tabs and strolled to the SUV he used to transport his art. “I haven’t seen any of your work,” she said.
“Would you like to tour my studio?”
“Sure.  I’ve been wondering what your paintings look like.”
They drove to his condo through a barrage of colorful leaves swirling across the road. Sunshine slanted between the exposed branches and painted the street with swatches of gold. They parked under the shade of the carport and Jason led her through an ornate gate to his door.
Inside, Jason noticed Lissa’s perusal of his condo. “Do you like my place?”
She smiled. “I do. I thought a free spirit like you would be untidy. This place is clean and uncluttered.”
Her gaze swept the room, taking in his comfortable, brown, velvet couch and loveseat in modern design nestled behind a butcher block coffee table holding his artist magazines. A wall-mounted television lay above a modest entertainment center at the far end of the room. Three walls hosted winter landscape paintings. He watched as Lissa examined them.
“Why are they all winter?” she asked.
“I like to hang a season ahead. In the spring, I hang summer. In the summer, I hang fall, and so on. I always look forward to the next time of year.”
“They’re very professional.”
He raised a brow. “Are you surprised?”
Her cheeks flushed. “No. They’re beautiful. I mean, I’m not surprised they’re beautiful.”
He pointed to a scene of snow-decked pines in front of tall mountains in the background. “I just finished this one. It was painted near Dolores, Colorado.”
She squinted at the paint. “Is it dry?”
“Yes. It’s acrylic. It dries quickly. I use a mister to keep it moist while I work.” 
She nodded absently, as she studied the painting.
When she looked at him, he grimaced. “I’m boring you. You’re not interested in the particulars of painting techniques.”
“Yes, I am. I don’t know much about it. I’ve never taken an art class or attempted to do a painting.”
He smiled. “You’re being polite. I’ll show you what I’m working on without explaining everything I do.”
He led her into the hallway. To their left lay a bedroom with a tidily made bed, adorned with a brown and white plaid spread. To the right, lay his studio. It was just as tidy as the living room. His easel held a partially finished painting of the Grand Canyon in winter.
Lissa admired his skill in painting snow-covered rocky outcrops that glistened beneath a blue sky devoid of the gray clouds that had dropped the snow. Gnarled pinon trees with white branches were bent like elderly watchmen beneath a load. At the bottom of the canyon, the blue-green river ran its course unaware of the freezing temperatures on the rim of the canyon.
Lissa sucked in a breath. “The beauty of this scene makes me want to go there. What other beautiful sites have I missed while I’ve been in Houston buried in paperwork?”
“Maybe I’m prejudiced, but I think most of the southwest is worth seeing.”
She perused his workspace. A corner workstation held a computer. Next to it sat a floor to ceiling bookshelf stocked with art books. “Are they all “how to’s” for painting?”
“Mostly. I keep my fiction in the bedroom.”
“Do you read a lot?”
“I do. I’m addicted to thrillers. How about you? What do you like to read?”
 “When I’m not reading well logs, I manage a mystery now and then.”
I like those, too. When I was a kid, I tried writing one. I got bored with my story in the middle and didn’t finish it. I kept changing my mind about who committed the crime,” he said.
“Writing is one thing I’d never try. I’d keep reworking it forever and never get it finished.”
She nodded to the stereo system in the corner. “What sort of music do you play?”
“Either classical or hymns while I’m painting. It helps me concentrate.”
“The Blue Danube comes to mind. I like classical, too. I used to play it while I did homework.”
He raised his brows. “I might have gotten more homework done if I’d tried it back then.” 
She wandered the room, looking at the rest of his artwork. “The desert scene you have in progress on this little easel is striking. These white clouds contrast with the rising pinnacle of red rock. The little bird looks ready to land.”
Her gaze drifted to the frame sitting nearby against the wall. “Is this for the painting?” 
“Yep.  Framing is one of my main expenses. I’m experimenting with making my own. That was my first effort.”
She knelt and fingered the rustic gray of the wood. “This reminds me of my father’s woodworking. It makes me homesick. My dad builds furniture. I grew up in an older neighborhood with detached garages. He turned ours into his workplace. I used to go out and sit while he worked.”
“That sounds like quality time together. Did you try your hand at working with him?” 
“No. I never had the urge. I loved watching. I learned to identify most types of wood. The scents were wonderful. I can still close my eyes and relive the aroma of oak, cedar, aspen, and pine. I think it’s magical how he can take rough, raw wood, and turn it into a polished cedar chest, or chest of drawers.”
“He’s an artist,” Jason commented. “I envy him having an entire workshop. “
“You don’t have much space for your work. I don’t know how you keep it all so neat.” 
He chuckled. “I’m too absent-minded to find things if I don’t keep the place organized.” 
Lissa studied the painting on the smaller easel again. “You are really good.”
“I take that as a compliment since you have high standards.”
“Thanks. Though I appreciate beauty, I’m not the creative type. I’m purely scientific.”
He wondered if the ascertain was for her or him. She loved to sing. Was she afraid, if she ever gave in to the passion, would she succumb to it as Jason had to his art? Did it terrify her to think of simply enjoying her talent?
“I have a couple more paintings in the bedroom. Would you like to see them?” he asked.
She hung back a moment before following him into the room decorated with white and brown plaid drapes. The matching bedspread lay neat and tight across the bed. A mahogany headboard matched a dresser and chest, both bare except for a hairbrush on top of the dresser. Above it, hung a scene in which snow surrounded a dimly lit farmhouse. A boy walked toward the front door where a woman stood waiting, soft light spilling from the entryway.
Her eyes misted. “This one gives me a warm feeling.”
“I modeled it after my grandmother’s place and the way she opened the door at night to let her wandering grandkid inside. I wasn’t an easy child.
Fortunately, she lived long enough to see me turn over a new leaf.”
“A new leaf?  You’ve made me curious.”
“I’ll tell you about it sometime” He kept his gaze focused on the painting, a far-away look on his face.
“You don’t want to elaborate on your past. I understand,” she said. “Are you selling the painting or keeping it to remember your grandmother?”
“I’ll keep it. It reminds me of more than Grandma. I imagine God holding open a door and waiting for me to come inside where it’s warm and He meets my needs. Wild creatures of the night wouldn’t think of coming in. Only the ones who know and trust His care want to enter.”
“That’s an interesting analogy. What made you think of it?”
“Being one of the wild ones once.”
“What convinced you to come inside, as you put it?”
“Your Grandma Mandy played a part in that. She took an interest in me and talked to me about the Lord until I finally listened.”
Lissa rolled her eyes. “Grandma Mandy can be persistent.”
Jason was aware of that fact. Wasn’t she trying to push them together? It wouldn’t work.
Still, he wished he could get the memory of her expressive green eyes out of his mind.
CHAPTER SIX


On Monday, Jason packed paintings for his gallery in Scottsdale. Though his hands were busy, his mind drifted to Lissa. She’d been frank about her distrust of his career. Yet, she honestly liked his paintings.  
He thought it over while he secured the boxes and headed to the post office. If his next gallery check was as good as the last, he’d put more money into investments.  Someday, he’d have enough to buy a house with an acre or two. His studio would be twice the size of the bedroom he occupied now. He’d have built-in bookshelves, and a high ceiling, and a west-facing window. 
He didn’t want to live there alone. He longed for a wife, and for children to laugh and play in all the rooms. He’d changed a lot in fifteen years when a party life appealed to him. 
After he mailed his artwork, he decided to visit Mandy, He thought of her as “Grandma” Mandy, since Lissa arrived.  Mandy reminded him of his grandmother, who’d been there for him during his darkest days. She’d never given up hope he would break through his anger and make something good of his life.
“I’m delighted you’re here,” Mandy said when he arrived. “Come in. I have fresh coffee and scones.”
“I’ll take you up on that.” His stomach growled as he inhaled the fresh scent of the delicacy. 
He poured the coffee as she set the blueberry scones and homemade blueberry sauce on the table. They settled in the sunny alcove to visit. 
He sipped the coffee and took a bite. “These are the best ever.”
“You say that every time.”
“And I mean it.” 
Mandy truly was an amazing baker. If his grandmother had possessed her talent, he feared he would have been a chubby kid instead of skinny. Though he never went hungry, his grandmother’s ability lay in opening cans.
“Are you flattering an old lady?”
“Absolutely not.”
She smiled at him. “I’m glad you enjoy my baking. Before Lissa came, I missed having someone to cook for. Making supper for us is fun.”
“Lissa seems to like it here, too.” 
He wondered if he was any part of the reason. If he could break through her reservation and win her trust, perhaps they could have some heart-to-heart talks about what she believed about God. She seemed to have the idea that God was distant and uncaring. From Jason’s experience, that was far from the truth.  
Mandy nodded. “It was a good change for her.”
“Was she running from something?”
Mandy studied him, her gray-green eyes sharp and bright. “No. She only wanted to advance her career.”
“That’s a relief. She sells herself short, insisting all there is to her is an interest in science. She claims she hasn’t a creative bone in her body.”
Mandy shook her head. “As a child, she made up the loveliest little songs. I thought she’d go into music. Her mother encouraged her to be practical as she got older. Lissa excelled at science, so she took that route.”
“She sings beautifully. How could she think she had no talent?  I wish she’d share her voice at church.”
“She doesn’t believe she’s good enough.”
Jason leaned forward. “Did you hear her the night I brought my guitar?”
“Sure did. You don’t have to convince me.” Creative talent wasn’t of interest to her mother. She encouraged her girls to go into professions that would make them a good living. My son took after my husband and specialized in building fine, hand-crafted furniture. Sometimes the work sold well, and they had money to put aside. Other times, the business was slow Lissa’s mother always held down a full-time job to make sure they had a basic income. Over the years, she’s expressed her worries and frustrations to her girls. Consequently, Lissa shies away from professions she considers risky.”
He chewed thoughtfully and took a sip of coffee. “She could share her voice with a lot of people. She wouldn’t have to do it for a living.”
“She lacks incentive. She spends a lot of energy at work.”
“It’s my goal to show Lissa there’s more to life than work.”
Mandy patted his hand. “I hope you do. It’s worth the effort.”
 He finished two scones and a second cup of coffee. He thanked Mandy and walked to his car. Lissa intrigued him more all the time. She seemed to enjoy herself when they were together. What kept her remote?
He called her that evening. “I dropped by to see your Grandma Mandy today. She told me how much your company means to her.”
“She’s wonderful to put up with me.”
Jason chuckled. “That’s not how she put it.”
“She was lonely. Though it’s been a while since he died, she still misses Granddad.”
“Were you lonely before you came here?”
Her hesitation made him wonder if he’d caught her off-guard. She probably didn’t welcome his invasion into her personal information. 
“No. I had family there and I was busy.” 
He’d touched a sore spot. Her answer didn’t sound convincing.  Mandy had confided that Lissa longed for someone to share her life. She hadn’t found him in the big city. Mandy hoped she’d find him here.  
He asked, “Are you free for dinner tomorrow night?”  
“I planned to have supper with Grandma Mandy. I don’t like to leave her alone too often.”
She sounded flustered. Was she making an excuse to try and discourage him? Had she interpreted his invitation as a date?  It wasn’t. He couldn’t trust his heart to a career woman who would have no time for him. “You won’t have to leave her alone. I want you both to come to my place. I’m throwing steak and potatoes on the grill. She’ll have a night off from cooking.”
“I’ll ask her. If she doesn’t feel up to it, you’re welcome to join us,” Lissa said.
“Great, let me know.”  Jason believed Lissa needed to be drawn out of her narrow, little world. The Sunday school class was having potluck the next Sunday. Maybe he could convince her to stay for it. 
“Thanks. I’ll check with Grandma Mandy.” Lissa clicked off.
Grandma Mandy was dozing in her chair when Lissa came into the living room. She opened her eyes and smiled at Lissa as she sank onto the sofa and extended Jason’s invitation. “His offer for dinner is a lure, camouflaged as a favor to you. He knows how much you love barbecue. Of course, you might not feel like going.”
No such chance. Grandma Mandy beamed.  “How kind. He wants to cook us dinner. He’s thoughtful, probably paying me back for scones and coffee today.”
Lissa raised a brow. “What did you discuss?”
“Lots of things, dear. You sound suspicious.”
“Did you talk about me? Did you share information about my personal life that Jason doesn’t need to know?  He especially doesn’t need to hear about my bad choice in my last boyfriend.”
“We may have mentioned you, once or twice, nothing that personal.” 
“I know that cat that ate the canary look. What embarrassing stories did you tell?” Lissa asked.
Grandma Mandy’s widened her eyes. “Nothing awkward.  I may have mentioned the darling songs you made up.”
Lissa rolled her eyes. “I was eight years old. I doubt they were impressive.”
“I liked them.”
“Of course you did. You’re my grandmother. You’ve always been my greatest fan and I love you for it. But you’re prejudiced.”
“Jason didn’t think so. He agreed you have a lovely voice.”
“He could hardly say I didn’t. It’s nice, though, since its’ been a long time since anyone complimented me for anything except job performance.”  
“Do you miss the praise?”
“No. Hobbies are a waste of time. There’s no point in perfecting anything else.” 
Grandma Mandy kept a steady gaze. “Jason does think you have talent. You don’t know him as I do. He’s immensely honest.”
Lissa sighed. “We do have to go to dinner, don’t we? There’s no way out.”
Grandma Mandy shook her head. “That’s right. Anyway, he’s a good cook. It will be a treat.”
“I’ll let him know,” Lissa said. 
She phoned Jason. “Grandma Mandy is thrilled with your invitation. What time would you like us to be there?”
“Is six o’clock, okay?” 
Was Lissa glad to come, or was it only Mandy?  He wished he could read Lissa. Yet, she remained enigmatic.
“I may run a few minutes late from work. We have a new drilling possibility. I’ll be in the field. It’ll take a while to get back.”
“Six-thirty?”
“Sure. That works. I’ll bring the brownies I promised after you sent me flowers.”
“Only if you have time. I know you put in long hours.”
“Mixes are fast. I found that out when I lived alone. Boxed brownie mix was my dessert of choice. They’re easy to make.”
“Okay. I have the rest covered.” 
“Thanks, then. We’ll see you tomorrow.” 
“I’m looking forward to it,” Jason said.
“So are we,” Lissa said.
When she returned, Mandy still sat in her chair. Lissa told her, “If it makes you happy to go over there, it won’t hurt to spend one evening with him.” 
Mandy wore a half-smile for the rest of the evening, as though she was pleased with a promising endeavor. 
***
The next evening, Jason had everything ready when they arrived. The steaks, which had marinated all day, were coming off the grill. The potatoes wore crusty brown skins. He’d set out silverware, and plastic plates and cups on the spotless, glass table on his patio. Tea glistened in the pitcher, and a crisp, lettuce and tomato salad waited in a wooden bowl. 
“This smell makes my mouth water,” Lissa said, walking in the front door. She’d eaten an apple and granola bar for lunch, and hunger gnawed her insides. If she ate her fill, she’d look like a glutton. 
“Mandy said you like your steak medium-well.”
Lissa nodded. “I do.” 
He grinned at Grandma Mandy. “And you like yours well done.”
“I don’t want it getting up and walking away` if that’s what you mean.”
He laughed. “I promise your piece will stay on your plate.”
Lissa relaxed at their banter. She sipped tea while Jason portioned the food and handed them their plates. Before they cut into the succulent meat, he offered a prayer.
“Lord, we know you provide us good things because of Your love for us. Help us to be truly grateful and to share Your love with others. Amen.”
Grandma Mandy echoed his amen, and they dug into the flavorful steak and fluffy potatoes. 
“Isn’t this fun?” Grandma Mandy asked. “I love eating outdoors.”
“It’s not exactly a garden setting since this is a ten by fifteen courtyard,” Jason said.
“Your flowers along the border are pretty,” Lissa said, admiring the petunias holding out against the cold.”
“Thanks. I captured them in a sketch. When they finally freeze, I can still look at them.”
“Aren’t you doing winter scenes,” Lissa asked.
“Yes, but when it turns to spring, I’ll use my sketch for a garden painting.”
“Seasons change so fast at my age, it makes me dizzy,” Grandma Mandy said. “When I was a kid, the years went slowly. It seemed forever from one Christmas to the next. And school years were interminable while I waited for summer vacation to begin.”
“Time goes fast for me, too,” Jason said. “I barely finish one season of paintings before I start another.”
Grandma Mandy patted his hand. “That’s because you love what you do every day.”
Jason fastened his gaze on Lissa. “What about you? Do you love what you do?” 
“I enjoy it.”
“Will it always be enough?”
“Of course. It’s an interesting job and I get paid for doing it. What do you think I should do? I’m not trained for anything else.” 
Grandma Mandy studied Lissa. “We know you enjoy it, dear. And you’re good at it. Jason was only pointing out the difference between a job and a passion. Some people are lucky enough to have it all in one.”
“What was your passion?” Lissa asked Grandma Mandy.
She answered without hesitating. “My family.  Taking care of my babies was the best job I ever had. I put everything into it.”
Lissa gave her hand a gentle squeeze. “And into your grandkids, too.”
“You’re my darlings,” Grandma Mandy said. “And now that I’m a great-grandma, I’m going to see my little Chelsea as much as I can. When she can talk, I’ll call her every week.”
“And then she’ll start calling you.
Remember when I used to call you for advice? I thought you had the answer to everything. As far as I can remember, you did.”
“I don’t know about that, but I loved your confidence in me.”
When they were sated, Jason suggested they move inside for coffee and brownies. Lissa welcomed the suggestion. She’d worn a light knit sweater and wasn’t used to the temperature variance in the high desert.      
Though Jason maintained he didn’t need help clearing the food, Grandma Mandy insisted. “Nonsense. We’re not the sort of guests who leave our host with all the work.”
They helped carry in the leftovers before settling on the sofa while Jason brought out steaming coffee and Lissa’s dessert. The roasted brew carried an almond scent. The first sips warmed Lissa and washed away the chill. Jason turned on the electric fire in the fireplace and they cozied in to feel the warmth.
He turned on soft music that engendered a relaxed atmosphere. For a while, Grandma Mandy regaled them with stories of her childhood. Though Lissa had heard them before, she laughed as heartily as she had the first time Grandma Mandy told them. 
“I think morals were better back then. Crime wasn’t as bad and people weren’t hooked on so many drugs,” Jason said. 
Grandma Mandy smiled softly. “Temptations have always existed on this earth.”
“Not for my grandmother,” Lissa teased. “She’s too good to be true.”
Grandma Mandy looked over her glasses at Lissa. “Not hardly, honey.”
“Tell me one wrong thing you’ve done.” Lissa’s conscience pricked over the secret she was keeping. She hoped Grandma Mandy would reveal something equally scandalous to make her feel better.  
“Oh my, let me think…so many choices.”
She thought a moment. “I dropped my sister’s rhinestone bracelet behind the bookshelf where she couldn’t find it. She was proud of it, and I was jealous.  Finally, guilt forced me to pretend to discover it. She was so grateful, I felt terrible.”
“At least you felt remorseful and did the right thing,” Lissa commented. Shame ate at her insides. She glanced at Jason. He held up his hands. “Don’t ask me. You’d be shocked at my sorry background. Before I accepted the Lord, I made one bad choice after another.”
She looked away, hoping he hadn’t seen the disgrace in her eyes. She’d not strayed in the way he had. Her failing was different, dishonorable. She’d told him she wasn’t the sort to hang out with wild kids. Perhaps this was worse. She regretted her hasty criticism.  
 “Isn’t salvation wonderful?” Grandma Mandy asked. “We’re wiped clean, and the past is forgiven.”
“It can still come back to haunt us. I mean there are repercussions,” Lissa pointed out.
“In this life, yes.  But they don’t matter compared with the peace of the Lord,” Grandma Mandy said.
Lissa hadn’t felt peace in a long while. Was it because she hadn’t asked for God’s forgiveness?  How could she?  Her action had put a black blot on her soul. She’d never even told Claire. Her sister would never think of her the same way again. 
Though Claire didn’t care much about what others thought of her, Lissa did. She would no longer be the perfect sister or daughter. If Mom found out, she might not love her as she had. Lissa had determined to live a moral life, to be honest, and law-abiding, and work hard at her job. By these actions, she hoped to make atonement.  
A scripture verse from childhood popped unbidden into her mind. “Therefore I tell you, her sins, which are many, are forgiven—for she loved much. But he who is forgiven little, loves little”. 
Perhaps that was why Jason loved God. He believed God had sponged away his sins. Lissa had no such peace. She didn’t feel the forgiveness Grandma Mandy described.
Nor, did she think it could be as simple as they said. It must be earned through hard work. Yet, no matter how hard she tried, she didn’t attain tranquility. Could it be they were right? Did God care about their lives? A flicker of hope lit within her. She would give it some thought and see where it led.
CHAPTER SEVEN


Lissa’s thoughts about forgiveness made her uncomfortable. Putting them aside, she turned her attention to an object Jason had on the patio. “I noticed your telescope. What kind is it?”
“It’s a six-inch Dobsonian reflector. Do you want to try it?”  He gestured toward the backyard.
“Can you look at the planets with it?” 
He grinned. “Sure. At the right time of year. We might get a look at Venus. ” 
“You know a lot about this, huh?”  Years ago, she’d gone to the Houston planetarium and seen the showing of the night sky. She’d been enthralled. The idea of vast bodies far away intrigued her.
“No,” Jason said. “It’ a hobby. I’m just an amateur. “
Lissa realized they had something in common. “When I was about ten, I wanted to be an astronomer.  I’d love to have a look?” 
The coffee had warmed her. It was worth the chill to see the moon, stars and maybe a planet. 
“Of course. I’ll focus it.”
Grandma Mandy stayed inside when they moved to the patio. Lissa hoped Jason wouldn’t think this was a ploy to be alone with him. She truly wanted to see the sky. 
 He quickly lined up the telescope on Venus and focused it. Then, he moved aside so Lissa could gaze through the eyepiece. The height of the instrument forced her to stand on her tiptoes. When she found Venus, she sighed in delight. 
“It’s beautiful!”  Transfixed, she spent a moment looking at it. Then she frowned. “Did I do something? It’s moving out of view.”
Jason chuckled. “No, you didn’t do anything at all. Venus is just traveling through the sky because the earth is turning, just like the sun and the moon do.”  
“It moves that fast?”
“Yep,” he affirmed. “Here, let me reposition it.”
He brushed against her as he stepped into place. Her heart skipped at the spicy scent of his cologne. She frowned at this betrayal. Being drawn to him was not what she wanted. 
He gently shifted the telescope, bringing the planet back into the center of the field of view. Then he paused to look. 
“I’m seeing the silver crescent of Venus. God’s universe never ceases to amaze and impress me,” he said. 
He moved away. “It’s all yours again.”
“Thanks. It’s been a long time since I’ve seen the sky close up.”
They stayed out until Lissa began to shiver. When they rejoined Grandma Mandy, they found her resting on the couch. She assured them she’d been happily reading the newspaper.  
“Did you know Melissa Miller and Bill Kirkpatrick got engaged? Their pictures are in the paper.”
“Really?” Jason said. “That’s great.”
“Who are they?” Lissa asked.
Jason turned to explain. “Remember the couple in the Sunday school class? They sat together. She’s blond and he has dark hair. She brought up the parable of the wheat and tares.”
“Oh, I remember them. They were holding hands after class.”
She envied their affection. Would she find a responsible man to hold her hand, a man who could love her, guilt, and all?  Each passing day slowly clicked away the likelihood.
Jason turned to her with a smile. “How about some hot cocoa by the fire?”
“My old bones could use the warmth,” Grandma Mandy said. “The winters get colder for me every year.”
“I’ll help you make it,” Lissa told Jason.
She followed him to the kitchen. The spotless room was painted creamy beige and held a stainless-steel dishwasher and refrigerator.
She mused again how he didn’t fit her expectations of an artist. 
She filled a small ceramic pitcher with water and heated it. Meanwhile, Jason got the cocoa mix from the pantry. When the timer dinged, Lissa poured the steaming water into mugs. Jason measured the scoops. Soon, the rich, chocolate aroma filled the kitchen. He carried two of the cups to the living room, humming as he set them on the coffee table while Lissa carried in her own frothy mug.
She settled beside Grandma Mandy while Jason took the armchair next to the couch. He rubbed his hands together and picked up his mug from his end of the coffee table.”
“This is what I really like. Coffee’s okay, but I like sweet things. I’m a wimp when it comes to bitter tastes. That’s why I like sugar and milk in my coffee.” he said. 
Lissa felt his words vibrate through her mind. She was sure he hadn’t intended any deeper meaning, yet his words about preferring sweet to bitter struck her in her spirit. When viewed as personality traits, one was attractive. One was not. How often did she fall into the bitter category? Resentment of her upbringing sometimes spilled into her adult life. Perhaps, it was something she needed to work on.
She brought her thoughts back to the conversation.
“Lots of people put sugar in coffee. I do,” Grammy said.
Lissa shook her head. “I’ve learned to drink it black and strong. That’s what got me through late-night study sessions. Now, it keeps me awake to read well logs late into the night.”
Jason winced. “You’re tougher than I am. I pull an occasional all-nighter when I have to finish a painting. Then, I have to catch up on sleep the next afternoon. ” 
She looked at his solid, muscular physique packed in dark blue pants and a baby-blue diamond-patterned, argyle sweater, and tried to ignore her attraction. “I’m not tougher, just more disciplined since I answer to a boss.” 
Grandma Mandy set down her mug and turned to Jason. “What I would like is to hear a song or two from your guitar.” 
Grinning, he said, “I’d be glad to if Lissa will sing along.”
“All right.  One, or two,” she agreed.
Though she didn’t admit it, she enjoyed the opportunity to use her voice again. And not only use it but have it appreciated. Grandma Mandy and Jason had told her they loved to hear her sing. Their enjoyment brought back memories of middle school, where the music teacher told her she had great potential. 
Back then, she’d dreamed of doing popular recordings and going on the road. This all changed when she reached high school and her academic success set her on a different path. Though she sang in the high school choir, her dream began to fade.
Jason chose a ballad they all knew. Lissa smiled inside when her grandmother joined in on the chorus.  They sang for half an hour before Grandma Mandy admitted she was tired and ready to go home.  
“You’re a lot of fun when you’re relaxed,” Jason told Lissa
Was he criticizing her? He painted pretty pictures all day. He had no idea of the stress in the business world. “I haven’t had a lot of time to chill. If I hadn’t been serious about my degree, and now, about my job, I’d be flipping hamburgers somewhere.”
He paused on his way to the door. His gaze made her feel like a specimen under a microscope. He’d alluded to a wild past. Was that what taught him to relax? If so, she was unqualified to relate to it. 
“I admire your drive and ambition. I just like to see you have a good time.”
“I’m sorry. I’m being too sensitive. My mother used to push us to do our best. She got upset when we didn’t make the honor roll. I got teased for being so serious and academic. My friends told me to relax.”
“It’s amazing what we carry from childhood, isn’t it?” 
She smiled at him with the uncomfortable knowledge that she wouldn’t have been so upset if she didn’t care what he thought of her.
As Lissa drove home, Grandma Mandy asked, “You had fun tonight, didn’t you?” 
She glanced at Grandma Mandy’s expectant face. “Don’t you start. I did have fun. That doesn’t mean I’m going to ditch my job, marry the guy, and peddle my voice.”
“Be open-minded is all I ask. He’s good for you. He makes you laugh and sing.”
“And he doesn’t have a job, not a real one. What happens if his market crashes? What other skills does he have?”
“There’s no security in any occupation, honey. People lose jobs all the time.”
“I know. Still, if the economy goes bad, you’re less likely to starve if you have a profession.”
“Life is about more than security.”
“I couldn’t stand to be like Jason, never knowing how much my next paycheck will be.” 
“You used to worry about your dad making enough.”
Lissa felt her stomach twist. She worried so much she broke the eighth Commandment. “Mom told us more than once, if not for her job managing the furniture store that took Dad’s consignments, we’d starve. Even though Dad did construction work on the side, winter was terrible. Construction jobs became scarce. Nobody wanted houses remodeled then.”
“It’s a tough business,” Grandma Mandy agreed. “He learned the skill from his dad. It was your Granddad’s hobby.”
“I know. I used to hear them talking about the houses Dad was working on. Dad griped about expenses and Mom complained he didn’t make enough.”
“He saved enough to take her on a weeklong trip to London last year.”
Lissa sighed. “I know. Things picked up after Claire and I moved out. Yet I remember that during recessions, Dad had trouble making enough sales. Though he loved making furniture, it wasn’t what put food on our table.”
The full moon revealed Grandma Mandy’s frown as they pulled into the garage. Lissa knew she’d made her unhappy. 
When Lissa turned off the car, Grandma Mandy took her hand. “I don’t think your worry stems from the economy as much as your trust in God. We don’t control our lives. God does. It takes faith to live the life He’s planned. You disagree with Jason’s career choice. Yet, if Jason is obeying God, he’ll be blessed, though he may not get rich.”
“And if he’s not obeying? How do you know God doesn’t want him to be a scientist or an astronaut?”
“I’m not the one who needs to know. In his heart, Jason feels he’s doing God’s will. Who am I to question it?”
Lissa wondered how she’d gotten drawn into discussing what God wanted for Jason. She didn’t even know what He wanted for her. 
“Jason’s obedience has nothing to do with me,” she replied.
“Doesn’t it? Isn’t that the reason you won’t give him a chance?”
“A chance for what?”
“To get to know you better, and you to know him. You might discover he’s deeper than you think.”
Tears filled Lissa’s eyes. “I’m the one who’s shallow and concerned with all the wrong things.”
Grandma Mandy gently squeezed her hand. “I didn’t mean for you to draw that conclusion. I love you and want you to be happy.”
“I know. I’m just confused.” She’d always been applauded for her efforts in the workplace. No one there ever told her to slow down. Nor did they care if she was happy. She’d never given it much thought until she came to Farmington.
“You’ll feel better when you’ve had a good night’s sleep. Let’s go in. Everything will be clearer in the morning.”
All her life, Lissa had heard that things would look better in the morning. She doubted the arrival of the sun would erase her confusion. Would she feel this way the rest of her life? 
Grandma Mandy kissed her good-night and Lissa prepared for bed. The warm house after the evening chill of mid-fall felt cozy. 
She decided to call Claire in the morning and get her opinion about Jason’s career. She’d weigh it with the fact Claire had given up her job to stay home with Chelsea. It wasn’t a prudent financial move, yet it seemed right for Claire. 
She slid into bed and tried to forget the questions swirling through her mind. She wanted a peaceful night’s sleep. Yet, it took a while before she finally drifted off.
After a hectic morning, she finally got a chance to call Claire during lunch. “Are you busy with Chelsea?”
“You have great timing. I just put her down for a nap. How are you and Grandma Mandy doing?”
“Well, thanks. How about you?”
“Good. Mom is over a lot to see Chelsea. I love seeing her. However, she has lots of advice.”
Lissa chuckled. “That sounds like Mom.”
“How are things going with Jason?”
Lissa sighed. “I don’t know.  We had a good time last night when Grandma Mandy and I went to his house for dinner.”
“What did he make?”
“He barbecued steak, and he baked potatoes. He’s a great cook. We ate outside and looked at Venus through his telescope.”
“Sounds romantic.”
“I don’t want romance with him. Still, he’s a nice guy. We had a great time singing along with his guitar.”
“I haven’t heard you sing in years.” Claire sounded wistful.
“I haven’t felt like it. I’ve been busy with work.”
“Maybe you just haven’t had anybody to sing with.”
“Are you saying he’s good for me?” Lissa asked.
“Maybe. He brings out parts of you that have been buried for years.”
Lissa frowned. “I’m not sure that’s good. I don’t want to lose my focus.”
“You’re afraid if you unbend a little, you’ll lose control of your life. You’re scared to take a chance,” Claire said. 
  “This guy has a sad background.  He spent his early teens running with a bad crowd. He probably did drugs and was in juvenile detention.”
“You’re changing the subject.” 
“I’m not frightened. I’m responsible. A gypsy lifestyle doesn’t appeal to me.”
“Is that what he has?  Works when he likes, plays most of the time?” Claire asked.
Lissa thought it over. “No. He seems like he works hard. He paints a lot.”
“Then what’s the problem?”
“I don’t understand how he can feel comfortable. He never knows where his next paycheck will come from. He has no guarantee he’ll keep selling his work.  If his business goes under, what will he do then?”
Clair paused, and then said, “He’s a Christian. He’s put his future in God’s hands. He doesn’t have to worry. That’s what I keep telling you. If you’ll trust God, he’ll set you free from the stress you carry. You always seem to worry about being good enough. God loves you just as you are.”
“If I’m stressed, it’s because I care about doing my job right. There’s nothing wrong with being a conscientious worker. I thought God approved of hard work.”
“Done in the right spirit, yes.”
Lissa sighed. “I don’t think you can understand. Your husband has a good job. Mom would relate to how I feel. She might lecture me against seeing Jason at all. Since he’s Grandma Mandy’s friend, it would be difficult to manage. Besides, I like his companionship as an acquaintance.”
After a few more words of advice, Lissa promised to think about what Claire had said. The conversation moved to the baby and the challenges of motherhood. A
half-hour later, they clicked off, leaving Lissa as confused as when she called.
She concentrated on her work, and the afternoon went by quickly. Before she realized, it was time to go home. Mark, a fellow geologist, walked her to her car. 
She drew her sweater closer. The night was chilly, and the wind whirled a pile of leaves around her ankles. The days grew dark early, and the full moon shone in a dark, cloudless sky. In Houston, it would likely be raining. She was getting accustomed to dry weather and the landscape it produced. 
Mark struck up a conversation. “Do you feel at home at our little outpost?”
“I like it as well as the Houston division.  I know my way around the building here and everybody is nice.”
“Good. I felt the same way when I came.”
She glanced at him. “Where are you from?” 
“Originally from Wisconsin. I moved to Houston to go to college. I went straight to work there when I graduated.”
“When was that?”
“Six years ago.”
He graduated a year ahead of her. On the way to their cars, Lissa said, “I’m bracing myself for the difference in weather. I hear it gets cold.”
“It can. Last winter brought a few days of below zero temps.”
“I might need a warmer coat.”
Mark nodded. “Better be prepared. We get a lot of snow some years. Others, not so much.”
“I worry about driving on snow. I haven’t had any practice.”
“Go slowly and don’t brake suddenly if it’s icy.”
She nodded. “I’ll remember.”
When she got home, she identified Grandma Mandy’s delectable meatloaf by the smell. Along with oven-baked potatoes, it was one of her favorite meals. She was spoiled by Grandma Mandy’s pampering and looked forward to sitting down to supper.
“A guy from work walked me to my car. He went to college in Houston.”
Grandma Mandy paused from fixing her baked potato. “You’re interested in him?”
“I might be.”
“I suppose you’ll get to know him better at work.”
Lissa smiled softly. “I hope so. He warned me about the cold weather. Do you think I need to get chains for the car?”
“Probably not. We don’t usually get that much snow. And they plow the roads if they’re bad.”
“What about blizzards?”
Grandma Mandy laughed. “This isn’t North Dakota. Some years we hardly get snow at all.”
“You’re right. I’m overreacting. You know me. I like to be prepared for every contingency.”
After a chuckle, Grandma Mandy said, “You’re the only child I’ve known who took every medicine in the cabinet along on vacations in case anyone got sick.”
“And who did they turn to when they had an upset stomach or headache?”
Mandy cocked a brow. “You have a point, but did you need them every time?”
“No. Still, it was nice to know they were there.”
“Your grandpa and I would wing it with a duffle bag each and a tent.”
Lissa studied Grandma Mandy in mock disapproval. If you like to live dangerously…”
“We were known to go hiking without bug repellant.”
Lissa put a hand to her mouth. “Oh, no.”
“And we sometimes slept out under the stars.”
Lissa shook her head. “Bear bait.”
“I’m still here.”
Lissa’s pretense crumpled into a grin. “You’re lucky to be alive with all the chances you’ve taken.” Though she wasn’t as adventuresome as Grandma Mandy, she admired her grandmother’s optimism. Usually, it was warranted. Things turned out well for her. If Lissa failed to bring an antibiotic, she’d get a cut that would get gangrene.
“You should try it yourself,” Grandma Mandy said. “Take a few chances.”
“No way. I feel better on the straight and narrow.”
“You’re an old fuddy-duddy,” Grandma Mandy said.
“And you’re not.”
“Nope. Always been a risk-taker.”
They ate the meat and potatoes and a side of green beans. Afterward, they indulged in Grandma Mandy’s lemon Bundt cake.
When they finished, Lissa rose from the table. “Stay put while I clear and clean the dishes. Though I’m not known for
coordination, I haven’t broken anything since I got here.” 
Grandma Mandy sprang from her chair. “I’m adventuresome, not fool-hardy.”
Lissa raised her brows. “Touché.”
CHAPTER EIGHT


During the next week, Lissa thought over what they’d talked about. When Sunday rolled around, she sat between Grandma Mandy and Jason in the pew. When the service ended she and Jason chatted about their week as they walked to Sunday school and mingled with the class.
Lissa listened to a young woman’s account of her mother’s surgery. She told Lissa, “Your grandmother has been an angel to bring food while Mom’s recovering.”
Lissa smiled at her. “Grandma Mandy loves to help. If the time comes when she needs it, I hope she can accept help as well as give it.”
When they took seats for the lesson, Jason turned to her. “I hate the idea of Mandy growing old.  It’s inevitable, at some point. It’s also sad.”
“I know. I’m trying to convince her to move to Houston when I go back and live with me.”
 “Selling that one’s going to be hard,” Jason said.
“I know. She loves it here,” Lissa said.
Jason smiled. “And we love her.”
When the lesson began, Lissa focused her attention on Job 8-18, in which God showed Job the wonders of creation. The teacher read from the commentary, “Though Job is engrossed in his own suffering; God cares for His vast created order in ways Job has never contemplated.”
He turned to the class and asked, “Do you ever stop to think how much bigger God’s plan is than what happens in our own small lives? We get caught up in our interests and forget the vastness of all of God’s creation.” He read from the NIV, verses 16-18
16 “Have you journeyed to the springs of the sea or walked in the recesses of the deep?
17 Have the gates of death been shown to you?
Have you seen the gates of the deepest darkness?
18 Have you comprehended the vast expanses of the earth?
Tell me, if you know all this.
Lissa felt her life grow small in comparison to God’s knowledge of His creation. She was one very small part of it. The idea that He would care about her in a personal way surprised her. Yet he cared about Job enough to instruct him, even after allowing calamity to overtake him.
What was the lesson in this? What was Job to learn? What was she to learn?
Jason walked out with her after class. As they wove through the congested hallway, she said, “I took your advice to unwind and slept in until eight o’clock this morning. I’m usually up by seven on the weekends.”
“It could become a habit. “I’m going hiking this afternoon. Would you like to come along?”
She bit her lip. She shouldn’t consider going. She should keep her distance. Yet curiosity about the landforms in this area won out. “Where are you hiking?”
“In Lion’s Wilderness.”
“I assume it’s just a name and there aren’t any mountain lions.”
“I’ve never seen one. They’re quiet and elusive.”
She debated. On such a sunny day, she’d love to explore desert trials and enjoy the striking view of mountains. This landscape was growing on her. She’d never realized how attractive rock formations could be. It would beat staying home and working on logs.
“Sure. I think it would be fun. I’ll take my chances with the mountain lions.”
 “Great. I’ll come by about one o’clock.”
“Okay.”
Hopefully, Jason didn’t think of their outings as dates. Most likely, he was only showing her a good time for Grandma Mandy’s sake.
They passed through the cheerful hallway, full of posters with bible verses and upcoming events. They met Grandma Mandy in the foyer. She smiled when she saw them, and said to Jason, “Would you like to come by for some lunch? I have chicken salad sandwiches.”
“I would. Do I have time to run home and get my stuff for a hike with Lissa after lunch?”
Grandma Mandy raised a brow at Lissa. “A hike? That should be fun.”
She told Jason, “Of course you have time.”
Grandma Mandy applauded activities with this man. Likely, she held out hope of a blossoming relationship. She was stubborn when convinced she knew best.
When they got home, Lissa set out the sandwiches her grandmother had made before they left for church. Grandma Mandy made lemonade. When Jason arrived, Grandma said a blessing before they crunched into the creamy chicken with chopped celery for texture. Their icy glasses beaded with droplets of water from the warmth of the well-heated room. 
Grandma Mandy made the best comfort food in the world. Ever since she was a little girl, Lissa had looked forward to Grandma Mandy’s dinners. She could make the simplest menu exude flavor.
They nibbled sweet, red grapes along with their sandwiches while they chatted. Grandma Mandy told her about the lesson from her class, including comments from one opinionated member.
Lissa chuckled at the description. “I’m surprised you haven’t set her straight.”
 “I might. I may tell her that criticizing folks is no way to change them.”
Tell it to Mom, Lissa thought. Her criticism had wounded Lissa more than once. She glanced at her watch, startled to see it was nearly one o’clock.
Jason noticed and said, “May we help you with the dishes?”
Grandma waved them away. “With only three of us, there’s hardly any mess. It won’t take five minutes to clear up. Come to supper if you like. I’m making fried chicken.”
He glanced at Lissa, and then back at Grandma Mandy.
“I think I can make it.”
“Okay. I’ll be sure to have plenty.”
“It’s a beautiful day. You’ll love the scenery,” Jason told Lissa.
 “I’m sure I will. It’s growing on me. I’m hoping to see wildlife since I’m from the city,” Lissa said.
“I’m hoping to shoot a few squirrels and rabbits,” Jason told her.
Lissa frowned. “If you’re shooting animals, count me out. I don’t want to watch.”
Jason winked at Grandma Mandy. “You eat meat, right?” he asked Lissa. 
“Yes. I know it sounds hypocritical, yet I don’t want to see them die.”
“Relax. I meant to shoot with my camera.”
Grandma Mandy laughed. “I bet you’ve been misunderstood before.”
 “I have. I should say I photograph them instead of shoot them.”
Lissa’s cheeks warmed. “I didn’t see the camera.”
“It’s okay. I don’t think I could shoot anything unless I was really hungry. I love painting them too much. Are you ready? I brought great snacks.”
“I’ll have supper ready when you get back,” Grandma Mandy called.
 Lissa slid into Jason’s warm SUV and realized she was still smarting about the camera incident, though it hadn’t been his fault. Her conflict confused her, and she couldn’t make up her mind about this man. 
The nip in the air made her glad she’d worn a jacket. She was in for a different fall and winter experience than Houston.
Jason started the engine. “I’m hoping we’ll see jackrabbits and squirrels. I’ve spotted fox and coyote later in the day.”
“How about deer?”
“Not many where we’re going. They like it down along the river.”
When they’d spoken on the phone, Claire expressed her dislike of the sand and rocks. Lissa found them interesting. As they drove along the dirt roads into the wilderness park, Lissa studied the massive
boulders and ravines. They presented a playground to anyone who liked to climb.
“I thought we’d start near that oil rig and head west.” He gestured to a fenced area near a pump”
“Whatever you say. You’re the guide.”
They got out and hiked upward from a dry gully. Small, scattered cactus dotted the ground. Lissa avoided it since she had no boots, and sneakers offered little protection from the needle-sharp thorns.
They continued to an overlook where they could see the city, as well as the San Juan Mountains. “The view is beautiful,” Lissa said.
“The mountains already have snow. They’re the largest range in Colorado by area. They’re steep and get lots of snow.” Jason commented. 
“I guess you need all the moisture you can get.”
“Very true. We have a lot of droughts, followed by a monsoon each summer.” 
Lissa raised her brows. “Monsoon?”
“Yeah. We usually have a week of rain sometime near early August.”
“I’ll feel right at home.” She thought of the heavy rains that fell throughout the year. Even with storm sewers, there was often flooding.
They followed the ridge until it ended in a rock formation with a steep descent on the other side. Lissa climbed atop a flat rock and enjoyed the view. Jason scrambled up beside her.
“This is like a playground. I love climbing,” Lissa admitted.
“You’ve come to the right state.” He gestured toward the cliffs, jutting rugged and golden below the azure sky.
“I’m used to lush, green grass, and towering oaks. I never thought I’d like the desert. Yet, it’s pretty in its own way.” Lissa thought of Claire. Beauty to Claire was rolling green land and fragrant flowers. She wouldn’t be impressed by rocks.
“You’ll have to see the Bisti Wilderness. It has ancient rock formations of brown and gray mounds and great hoodoos. It’s a fun place to hike. Not too many people go there.”
She grinned. “I’ve seen the photos. It’s called the badlands and, it looks like the moon. There are ancient fossils, too.”
“It’s about forty miles south of here. I can show it to you some weekend if you like.”
“That would be fun.” She wanted to kick herself. She shouldn’t be spending any more time alone with Jason. It was too risky. If she fell in love with him, she would be in the same position as her mother. She might find herself financing her husband’s dream to succeed in a business that drained her income.
They hiked several more formations, stopping atop one to drink water and eat granola bars. “I wish I’d brought a camera,” Lissa said. “There’s a pretty view into the valley.”
“Allow me.” Jason raised a professional camera and clicked. I’ll print it for you.”
 “I don’t want you to use your high-grade photo paper for me.”
“A couple of pages are all I’ll use. It’s no problem.”
Lissa didn’t mention any more scenery as they hiked the rugged terrain, for fear he’d print it, too. Generosity was one of Jason’s good points. From what she knew of generous people, they often went broke.
“It’s fun to trail ride here,” Jason said.
“Once I took a trail ride in the hill country of Texas. The bluebonnets were in bloom and it was beautiful. Where would you get horses?”
“I have friends.”
She wavered. “It’s been years since I’ve ridden. I liked it.” The memory brought back romantic images from old western movies where they’d ridden across rough, scenic land. She could see herself, hair blowing in the wind as she loped along. What was she thinking? She was a city girl. She’d probably fall off and embarrass herself. She blamed it on Jason and his contagious enthusiasm. Still, she had to think of consequences.
“We have to be careful about spending too much time together. I don’t want Grandma Mandy to get the wrong idea about us,” Lissa said.
“Neither do I. However, she knows I’d never risk romance with a career woman.” 
Lissa frowned. “What’s wrong with career women?”
“They put work first. In the long run, other people in their lives come second.”
“That’s a generalization.”
“Would you slow your career for someone you love, if you had that choice?”
“You sound critical. Am I on trial? If that person loved me, why would he ask me to hurt my career?”
Jason’s gaze smoldered. “Maybe it took so much of your time and interest that he barely got a few scraps.”
“That’s why you and I never have to worry about more than friendship. That’s a relief, isn’t it?”
“Yes, it is,” he agreed.
It was almost four o’clock when they headed back. Pleasantly tired and relaxed, Lissa savored an afternoon like this after the stress of beginning a new job. She’d worked so hard to prove herself, she’d neglected the pleasures of the outdoors.
At the house, Grandma Mandy awoke from the armchair in which she’d been nodding. “You’re back already?”
“I’ve been gone over three hours.”
“Really?” Grandma Mandy checked her watch. “It feels like I just fell asleep. I better start working on supper. Is Jason coming?”
“Yes. He went to change shoes. He’ll be back about five-thirty.” 
“Did you have a good time?”
“I did. This land reminds me of cowboy country. I wanted a ranch when I was little. Remember?”
“I do. I took you and Claire to a horse show at the Southwest Equestrian Center and you decided you were going to ride beautiful, trained, horses.”
“Claire said I was silly. I’d always smell bad.”
Grandma Mandy chuckled. “Sounds like Claire.”
Lissa washed up and whisked a pan of gravy. At five-thirty, they had fried chicken, buttery mashed potatoes, homemade biscuits, and steamed broccoli on the table. Hiking had made Lissa hungry.
She’d enjoyed the afternoon with Jason more than she should have. Butterflies thrummed through her stomach as she anticipated his arrival.
Moments later, the doorbell rang.
CHAPTER NINE


Jason handed Lissa a bouquet of scarlet roses. Their perfume filled the doorway. 
“Thank you. They’re beautiful,” Lissa said.
“They’re for the dinner table. Now that the flowers in the garden are gone, I thought you might enjoy some color.
“Come in and I’ll put them in water.”
Grandma Mandy looked up from setting the potatoes on the table. “Those are lovely.”
Lissa put them in a ruby, cut-glass vase and set them on the table. They accented the rose embossed china perfectly. The setting would be apropos for romance, except for the fact it was set for three. For that, she was grateful.
After they sat down to supper, they told Grandma Mandy more about their hike. “We’re thinking about going back to the wilderness park on a trail ride,” Jason said.
“Really? That sounds fun.” Her eyes twinkled. “I rode the mule train up from the bottom of the Grand Canyon once. I couldn’t walk for a week afterward.”
“I don’t think we’ll be on the horses that long,” Jason said.
“How far away is the Grand Canyon?” Lissa asked. “I’ve heard so much about it, I want to see it while I live close. I might never get the chance once I’m back in Houston.”
“Much too far to ride a horse,” Jason assured her. “It’s a six-hour car trip into Arizona.” 
Lissa laughed. “I meant by car. I want to see it while I’m living here.”
“You should do it,” Grandma Mandy urged. 
“Will you go with me?” Lissa asked.
“Sure. I’d love to. It’s been years since I went.”
Grandma Mandy turned to Jason and asked, “Aren’t you planning to paint there this fall? Perhaps we could tag along. I could pack a picnic lunch and we could rent a couple of rooms in the lodge and come back the next day. Wouldn’t it be fun?”
Before Lissa could protest, Jason said, “How about next weekend? I could make reservations. It’s a month until Thanksgiving, so it shouldn’t be too crowded. We could go on Saturday and come back on Sunday. I believe the pastor will excuse us for missing one weekend.”
Somehow, Grandma Mandy seemed to rope her into activities with Jason. Yet, Lissa didn’t have the heart to deny her grandmother something which excited her this much. Besides, she and Jason had a clear understanding of their relationship.
“Can you make it, Lissa?” Grandma Mandy asked.
The eagerness in her eyes melted Lissa’s heart. “I believe I can.”
“Oh, good. We’ll have such fun. You’ve never seen anything like it.” Grandma Mandy sounded like an eager little girl.
Making her happy was enough incentive to make the trip. Having Jason along would be agreeable. He was good company, as a friend.
Grandma Mandy’s green-gray eyes misted as she thought of the past. “I remember how the lighting changed as we descended the trail. We walked down, stopping to take pictures. It was the most beautiful place on earth. When I first saw the river, it looked like a tiny ribbon. I treasure the pictures. Yet they don’t do it justice.”
Her description sounded intriguing. Lissa reminded herself Grandma Mandy sometimes got carried away.
After supper, they watched an old adventure movie until Lissa’s heavy eyelids made it impossible to stay awake. It had been a long day and fatigued claimed her. Jason departed and she headed to bed.
As she lay alone in the dark room, she expected to be relieved he had no romantic intent.
Oddly, though, she felt a small, aching hurt, instead. Would it always be this way? Surely she would meet an eligible man with a secure career who would fall in love with her. They would combine their incomes and live securely in a nice home, and never worry about bills. That was what she wanted, wasn’t it?  Somehow, tonight, it failed to give her comfort.
The next morning passed in a bevy of work. At noon, Mark stopped by her cubicle. “Are you going out for lunch?”
“I thought I’d grab something here. I usually work through lunch,” she said. 
“A group of us are going to a diner. Give yourself a break and come along.”
She paused only a moment before deciding. It was a chance to get to know her co-workers better. Politeness dictated that she agree.
“Sure. I’d love to come.”
“Okay. We’ll meet in five minutes at your office.”
“Perfect.” She returned his smile.
She logged out of her program and hurried to the restroom to freshen up and apply more lipstick. She wondered who would be in the group. When she returned, Mark, the two women who worked in records, and a geologist, named Ed, were congregated at her doorway. She didn’t know any of them well, having exchanged only greetings and small talk.
Mark began introductions. “You remember Angela, Louise, and Ed?”
 “Yes. I’m looking forward to getting to know all of you better,” Lissa said. 
“And you, too, “Louise assured her.
Louise and Angela drew her into a conversation about Thanksgiving recipes. Ed and Mark discussed a football game. They walked to the crowded diner and
were seated at a Formica table in the back of the room.
“I’ve never been here before. What’s good?” Lissa asked. 
“Their green chili cheeseburger is popular,” Mark said. 
“Is it hot?”
“It depends on what you call hot,” Angela answered. She was a fortyish woman with platinum blond hair, probably from a package.
“It’s not as hot as jalapenos,” Louise said. “Ever had a hot one of those?”
“Yes. I grabbed a glass of water, and it didn’t help. I think I’ll pick something mild. The cob salad looks good,” Lissa said.
Mark nodded. “It’s good.  I’ve had it.”
They ordered ice teas and waited for the food to arrive. The easy camaraderie between them was different than the more formal relationships she’d experienced in the
Houston office. They knew each other well, leaving her clueless concerning some of their references. She would catch up, in time.
They asked her about growing up in the big city and how she felt about Farmington. “The weather gives more opportunity for outdoor activities.”
Mark frowned. “None that I like. The first thing I did was join the country club so I could play golf. Otherwise, there’s not much entertainment in this little place. I’ve never seen so many grown men who get their thrills riding dirt bikes around in the sand. Whoopee.”
 “What did you do for entertainment as a kid?” she asked.
“I hung out at the pool every summer. When I got old enough, I became a lifeguard. It was one of the only jobs a fifteen-year-old kid could get. It paid better, too.”
“Did you ever save anyone?” Lissa asked.
“Sure. Several times dumb kids got in over their heads.”
“That was serious responsibility at a young age,” she said. Here was a man she understood. He had ambition.
Conversation flowed freely and the lunch hour flew by. When they’d finished their coffee, Lissa walked with them out into a chilly breeze which turned their cheeks red. Scarlet and orange leaves littered the sidewalk, having fallen weeks earlier than they would in Houston. The bare trees reached upward for warmth that would take months to return.
“Sometimes we take a walk around the park after lunch,” Louise said. “We didn’t have time today.”
She was a vivacious brunette, small and fit. From her conversation, it seemed she was recently divorced. Lissa wondered if Louise and Ed were a two-some. They had shared bites from each other’s plates.
She pulled her light coat tightly around her and cinched the belt to keep out the brisk wind. Fortunately, the walk back was brief. When they arrived, Mark held the door while they scurried into the warm building.
Lissa returned to her office, hung her coat on a peg, and focused on the calculations she was making on the mud log to learn the extent of the deposit. Then, she crunched numbers on the computer all afternoon. She showed them to Mark, who, as a team-leader, studied them carefully and said, “These look good. We may have a new well site.”
She took her results back to her office and worked a while longer, not looking up until Mark paused in her doorway on his way out. “Are you learning your way around this city?”
“I’m beginning to. Fortunately, it’s pretty small.”
“If you’d like to have company when you go shopping let me know. My fiancé is an expert. She knows every sale that’s going on for almost anything you want. ”
Her heart sank. Up until this moment, Mark had been possible husband material. Discovering he had a fiancé dashed her hopes for that. Burrowing her feelings, she said, “That’s great to know. I’m not much of a shopper, so I may need her advice sometime.”
“Just let me know. You’d have a great time together.”
The idea of strolling through stores didn’t appeal to her. She returned her attention to work and e-mailed her preliminary assessment to the boss. Then, she bundled up to face the frigid outdoors. She walked to her car, shivering as she slid inside and turned on the heat. 
She would be home in ten minutes. Grandma Mandy would have a hot supper ready. Afterward, she and Claire were having a video venue. Right now, Clair was probably cooking supper for Doug. Finding a life partner had been easy for Claire. Life wasn’t always fair.
She drove home and parked. She found Grandma Mandy in the kitchen icing a chocolate cake. She kissed her on the cheek. “You shouldn’t fuss over dinner so much. How will we eat a whole cake?”
“Maybe we’ll share it with friends.”
Lissa smiled at her good-hearted grandmother. “That’s definitely best. You’ll fatten me up so much I’ll never find a husband.”
“You have a long way to go to plump up.”
Lissa washed her hands and gathered plates and silverware. Grandma Mandy finished the cake and pulled roasted chicken with braised potatoes out of the oven. The inviting smell hurried Lissa to put place settings on the beloved, pedestal table that had been in the family for four generations. The oak had been refinished a few years ago to its original beauty.
They sat for dinner and enjoyed the chicken. When they finished, Lissa helped clean up before talking to Claire. Nostalgia crept over her as she spoke to her sister. They were far from each other. Even when they lived in the same city, distance and busy lives kept them from seeing each other often.
She needed a distraction when they hung up. A warm bath would help. She turned on the heat lamp in the bathroom and soaked in the tub until every muscle relaxed. Then, wrapped in a cozy, fleece bathrobe, she joined Grandma Mandy for hot cocoa in the living room.
She curled onto the sofa and urged her grandmother into telling stories about her early married life. The world was less complicated, and family was the center of Grandma Mandy’s life. They raised chickens and tended a big garden. Each day was filled with work. Yet they were happy.
“No computers or game systems back then. If we wanted to have fun, we popped popcorn over the fireplace and roasted marshmallows. We told stories and sang. Your grandfather was a musician. Sometimes, he’d take out his violin and play for us.”
“Did Dad or the other kids have talent?”
“Not really. They didn’t have the patience to learn.”
“Neither did Claire or I.”
“You cried when your mom made you practice piano.”
“And then, I wouldn’t play in front of an audience,” Lissa said. She remembered being terrified that her fingers would forget the notes. She knew if she sat at the piano, she would freeze and not play anything at all.
“Poor dear. You were never one for attention.”
“I still embarrass easily.”
“I know. I hope I haven’t put you in too many awkward situations.”
“You? Not any.”
“What about Jason? Have I been too pushy?”
Lissa hesitated for half a moment. “Not unless you promised I’ll marry him. We don’t have anything in common.”
“I won’t interfere. Still, I have to tell you, your grandfather and I had dissimilarities. He liked board games and I hated losing and didn’t like to play. He was particular about where things went and I was hit or miss. I’m a night person and he enjoyed the early morning. Yet, we were happily married for over forty years.”
“I guess those things don’t matter. Did you fall in love right away?”
“Goodness, no. We had classes in junior college together. He sat on the steps between sessions and talked to his buddies. I didn’t think he noticed me. Then, one day, he up and asked me out. I was so surprised, I agreed. I thought he was arrogant, at first. Then, I realized he had a humble, self-confidence that had nothing to do with being stuck-up.”
Lissa nodded. “I only knew him for ten years. I remember he was funny and always made Claire and me laugh.”
“He loved you two dearly. He didn’t feel as responsible for his grandkids as his kids. He could relax and enjoy you.”
“I wish I could find a man as honest and loving as Granddad. He had a solid job and took care of his family. Maybe they don’t make that kind anymore.”
“They do. Learn to look with your heart.”
Lissa pondered Grandma Mandy’s answer. Granddad was a mechanic. He wasn’t highly educated, but he touched many lives. Every Christmas and Thanksgiving, he and Grandma Mandy took food to the poor. Granddad gave his services away generously to those who
were down and out. Remembering him made Lissa wonder if she was looking for the right qualities in men?  She hid the question in her heart.
CHAPTER TEN


On Saturday morning, Lissa packed for the weekend at the Grand Canyon. Grandma Mandy had been up for over an hour. She’d fixed a hearty lunch and packed snacks. Her excitement over the trip was contagious. With the rugged rock formations and the changing hues, the Grand Canyon promised to be worth every minute of the drive to get there.
At eight o’clock, Jason rang the bell. Lissa answered. Her heart leaped at his approving smile as he gazed into her eyes, giving her his full attention. He boosted her self-esteem with his interest in her opinions, likes and dislikes, and bouquets. How could she not be flattered by his attention?
Chilly air drifted through the door, and she invited him inside. “We’re ready to go,” Lissa assured him.
He nodded at their suitcases sitting near the entryway. “I’ll carry these to the car. It looks like the weather is going to be clear all the way.”
“Good. We’ll leave as soon as Grandma Mandy rechecks the stove and back door. I’m expecting spectacular scenery.”
As Jason walked away, Grandma Mandy sidled next to Lissa. “Jason isn’t too hard on the eyes, and he’s just as handsome on the inside.”
Lissa sighed. “You promised to give-up matching.”
“I’m not match-making. I’m just pointing out the obvious.”
Lissa grabbed her jacket from a rack beside the door, while Grandma Mandy slipped into a knee-length, gray coat. They walked down the sidewalk to join Jason at his SUV. He shut the back gate and opened the passenger doors.
Lissa planned for Grandma Mandy to sit in the front with Jason. The lively matchmaker quickly sabotaged the idea. “I’m planning to doze, so I won’t be good company. Lissa, you sit with Jason.”
Jason smiled at Lissa as he held the door. “Are you a good traveler?”
“It depends on where I’m going,” she replied.
“Where do you like to go?”
“To breathtaking scenery or relaxing beaches. Of course, the only beach I’ve been to is Galveston, an hour and a half from Houston. My family went three or four times each summer. I thought it was the best place in the world. Clair and I built sandcastles and watched crabs scuttle along the shore. We waded in the warm waters of the bay and fended off the itchy, seaweed that tangled around our legs. Luckily we were spared stings from the Portuguese jellyfish. We saw plenty of them stranded on the beach. We stayed clear of them. We’d been warned their tentacles could inflict a painful sting even when they were out of the water.”
“Let’s try a breathtaking panorama this time since there’s no beach.”
“What? No beaches in Arizona?”
“Nope, you’ve stumbled into the desert. It has its own beauty.” 
She smiled. “It’s growing on me.”
They crossed the Navajo reservation where sun-lit cliffs near Kayenta took her breath away. The landform Jason called
Black Mesa appeared blue in the morning light. Those further away took on a purple hue.
“I love these formations,” she said.
Jason nodded. “No two of them are alike.”
“And the colors are magnificent. Blues, pinks, and purples. I never knew what I was missing.” 
“That’s why I paint it,” Jason said. 
“I don’t see the tall cactus.”
“If you mean saguaro, it grows in southern Arizona where it’s warmer. I’ve been fascinated by them since I was a kid. I wanted to be a real cowboy and ride that country. I’ve given up on cowboy. I still like the cactus. You’ll have to get down there and see it.”
With all the trips he suggested, she could be booked every weekend. She bit her lip, wondering how to slow down the outings. Work made a good excuse, though he thought she worked too much.
“Let’s stop for a break and have lunch,” Jason suggested.
Grandma Mandy roused from her catnap, and they ambled through the gift shop at the trading post. Outside the store, lay a courtyard with a table for a picnic lunch. Lissa’s mouth watered at Grandma
Mandy’s buffet of sandwiches, peach yogurt, and chocolate chip cookies. Chilled bottles of tea assuaged their thirst. 
They finished the sandwiches and yogurt and chatted while they nibbled cookies. When their hunger was quenched, they packed up the containers and walked along a shady, sandstone path to stretch their legs.
“They have flowers blooming here all spring,” Jason said.
Lissa glanced at the empty, dirt beds. It must be beautiful then.”
“It’s very restful.”
Grandma Mandy glanced back at them. A gentle smiled tugged at her lips before she turned and continued down the trail.
“She’s energetic for a seventy-four-year-old,” Lissa said.
Jason nodded. “I’ve admired her ever since we met.”
Lissa stopped to marvel at a half-dozen dried roses still clinging to a bush. When they continued, Jason pointed out a bluebird perched on a branch of a piñon pine tree. Lissa studied him. “What a striking bird. He could never hope to camouflage.”
Jason nodded. “There’s no missing that color. Most prey around here blend in better with their surroundings “
“Is what hunts them dangerous to us?”
“Not generally. Their predators are mostly foxes, mountain lions, and coyotes. Mountain lions can be dangerous since they’re big enough to kill deer and elk.” 
Lissa scanned the landscape. “It’s amazing what animal fossils and other relics we might find in this volcanic crater land. 
Jason followed her gaze to the spire-like buttes rising above the red desert sand. “I bet you’ve been interested in as geology as long as you can remember.”
“Yes. I probably bore you with it.”
“No. I’ve been a rock collector for years. I can identify most kinds in our area.”
Lissa shivered and drew her sweater around her. “It’s getting cooler.”
“Take my coat. I’m fine without it.”
“That’s all right. “I’m okay.”  She wished she’d not complained.
Nonetheless, he draped his suede jacket around her shoulders. “I want you to be comfortable.”
It was a sweet gesture. Nonetheless, the intimacy of wearing his garment made her uncomfortable. Still, she didn’t want to appear ungrateful. So, she put aside her unease and concentrated on the views.
They reached the far end of the garden. “What mountains are those?” Lissa asked. 
“San Francisco Peaks. Pretty, huh?”
She nodded. “I’m not used to mountain views. I guess I’ll need a painting of one of them sometime. Do you know where I can get one?”
Jason smiled down into her eyes. “I’d love to do one for you.”
“I’ll work on picking a scene. I have a few more mountains to see.”
 “You might want a painting of the Grand Canyon.”
“I might. I’ll have to see it first.”
Grandma Mandy turned from her viewpoint. “See why I moved?”
Lissa smiled. “You love beautiful scenery. I like it, too. I feel like I’m in the old west. All I need is a horse.”
“I could take care of that,” Jason offered. 
“I’m no cowgirl.”
“Don’t let that stop you,” Grandma Mandy said. “You should have seen me on my mule galloping up the Bright Angel Trail.”
“Galloping?” The mental picture brought a giggle from Lissa. “I would like to have seen that.”
Grandma Mandy grinned. “It was more like plodding slowly up the trail. It was lots of fun.”
They enjoyed the vista of snow-capped mountains while they looked for wildlife. The chilly breeze ended, and the sun shimmered in the vivid blue sky. She gave Jason his jacket.
“Thanks for the loan. I’m warmer now.”
Grandma Mandy sidled up to her when Jason stepped away to take a few photos. “He’s thoughtful, isn’t he?”
“Yes, he’s a doting gentleman.”
“You could do worse,” Grandma Mandy said.
“I know. But I’m not going to live as Mom did.”
“I don’t think she’s had a bad life. Your parents love each other. And I’m not getting any younger. I want to see you happily settled.”
“You didn’t grow up listening to her complain. I worried we would lose our house and starve.”
Grandma Mandy didn’t argue as they wandered into the store.
“I imagined a trading post selling a few blankets and jewelry. This has everything,” Lissa said.
“Just about,” Jason agreed, as he rejoined them.
Fingering a small, carved figurine of a boy and a sheep carved from alabaster, Grandma Mandy said, “Isn’t it sweet? It reminds me of Bible stories.”
“You should get it,” Lissa said.
Caressing it, Mandy said, “I don’t need it,” before setting it down.
“You never buy anything for yourself,” Lissa observed.
Her grandmother shook her head. “Fixed income makes me choose wisely. Let’s look around some more.”
Lissa stopped at a jewelry counter to look at the bracelets before doubling back for the statue. She had it wrapped and boxed before placing it into her shoulder bag. A glance assured her Grandma Mandy was stilled absorbed with the gems. The tiny statue would be a wonderful Christmas surprise.
“The Navajo do a lot of work with turquoise. You don’t see these designs in Houston, do you?” Jason asked.
“No. These are unique and very pretty.”
They looked around a bit more at clothing, plaques, and photos before taking restroom breaks and heading to the car. When Jason slid behind the wheel, Lissa noticed a dog wandering the parking lot. “Do you think he’s lost?”
“No. There are lots of stray dogs out here,” Grandma Mandy said. 
“That’s sad. Are they dangerous?” Lissa asked.
“Not usually,” Jason said. “Packs can be, though.”
Lissa looked at the vast landscape beyond the red and gray-toned rocks and shivered. “It’s desolate, like being on the moon. I don’t think I’d want to wander it alone.”
“The Navajo have done it for years. They know their way about this country. However, we’re not far from a change of scenery,” Jason told her.
It wasn’t long before Lissa saw signs to the Grand Canyon. Excitement rose despite her uncertainty about spending the weekend in Jason’s company. From what she’d heard about the vast chasm, she’d not be disappointed.
Jason paid the admission at the east entrance and refused Lissa’s offer to contribute to the cost. He parked at the Maswic Lodge, and they carried in their bags. They checked in at the polished counter and received room cards. Two queen beds with colorful red and brown quilted spreads greeted Grandma Mandy and Lissa. A donkey lamp graced the nightstand of the comfortable room. However, Lissa doubted they’d be spending much time here.
They settled their things and met Jason in the lobby. He looked as excited as a small boy with flowers for his mom. Lissa knew he was bursting to take them to the rim. “Are you ready for a sight you’ll never forget?” he asked.
Lissa grinned at his enthusiasm. “Can’t wait.”
They walked beneath towering Ponderosa pines along the trail to the rim. Lissa sucked a deep breath at the first sight of the rocky outcrops far below. Sunlight and shadow played across the craggy formations giving them a purple hue.
“It’s beautiful and immense,” she blurted.
“Impressive, isn’t it?” Jason asked as he led them down the sandy trail to the lookout. 
“I’ve seen it before and it still amazes me,” Mandy said.
Lissa stared, trying to memorize the panorama that no postcards or photos could do justice. The vast scale of the scene was too grand to capture in a mere picture.
“It’s more than I imagined,” she confessed.
***
Jason smiled at her awed expression. It was worth the long drive to see her lovely eyes widen with amazement. When she remembered this moment, would she think of him? He pushed the question from his mind and reminded himself she was not who he wanted.
“We can walk along the trail, if you like, and see things from different angles,” he suggested.
“Nothing could be prettier than this,” Lissa said.
Jason turned to go back up the steps. “Wait until you see it all and then decide.” 
“Okay. I’ll tear myself away,” Lissa said. “From the glowing descriptions I’ve heard of this canyon, I assumed it was
overrated. Now I know otherwise. It’s the most beautiful place I’ve ever seen.”
Jason walked along the rim trail and pointed out the formations. “I’ve studied these lots and I’ve painted most of them.”
“I imagine you’d be here a year before you’d exhaust these scenes,” she said.
By late afternoon, rosy light bathed the nearer cliffs while the farther ones were pale blue. “There’s been a change in tint in the hour we’ve been watching,” Lissa said.
“The color changes all day long. During the middle of the day, they look gray and flat.
I like early morning and evening best,” Jason said.
“This is a place only God could have created,” Grandma Mandy said.
“It was caused by wind, ice, and water, along with the geologic uplift,” Lissa answered. 
“And who created those?” Grandma Mandy shot back.
Jason chuckled. “She has a point, Lissa. I bet you think we’re being simplistic” 
“Grandma Mandy’s explanation does seem to dismiss scientific investigation. Aren’t you the least bit curious about how the actual process occurred? “
“We may not have a scientific background, but we know how it happened, don’t we Jason?” Grandma Mandy said.
They stopped at Hopi Point and admired the view while Jason took photos of the canyon.
By then, the sun was getting low. “Are you getting chilled?” Lissa asked Grandma Mandy.
“No. Even if I was, it would be worth it to be out here.”
Jason put away his camera. “Let’s take the shuttle back. It’s going to get colder now that it’s dusk. We’ll come back in the morning for another look.”
“It will be nice to be inside and have a good meal, “Grandma Mandy agreed.
Lissa sidled up to Jason. “Thanks for convincing Grandma Mandy to get out of the cold. She’s proud of her good health and doesn’t always know her limits. She thinks she’s forty, but she’s way past that age. It can be maddening sometimes, yet also something I admire about her.”
“All that walking made me hungry,” Grandma Mandy admitted as they entered the dining area.
The tantalizing smells of beef and rolls, Asian, Mexican, and Italian spices made Jason’s mouth water. “Let’s get our trays and scatter to find the food we like best.”
When they came back together, Jason said, “Everybody’s food looks good. I say we try it all.”
They didn’t talk much as they ate. Jason decided the long day of driving, and then hiking around the rim had worn them out. After supper, he wanted a warm shower and a bed. But first, he had an idea.
“You have to see the stars,” Jason said. “They’re amazing. You feel like you can touch them.”
“I’ll let you young folks take a look,” Grandma Mandy said. “My old bones are headed to bed and a television show or two. I’m bound to find something I want to watch with all the channels.”
“I don’t want to leave you alone,” Lissa protested.
“Nonsense. I’m looking forward to relaxing. I can spare you for a while.”
After supper, while Grammy returned to the room, while Lissa and Jason went star gazing.
CHAPTER ELEVEN


The stars glittered like thousands of diamonds. They looked close enough to pluck as a memento from the black velvet sky. Lissa picked out familiar constellations. “I used to look at the big dipper in Houston, yet it never looked this bright.”
“That the fun of getting away from city lights. You can see the stars.”
 “When I was a little girl, I was afraid of the dark,” Lissa admitted.
“Are you still afraid?”
“No. I had to face my fears.”
He leaned forward and inhaled the lavender scent of her hair. As he leaned down to point out a star, his lips brushed her ear. His heartbeat quickened and he told himself it had been accidental.
“Do you see Cassiopeia?” he asked, her fragrance tempting him to linger. He was torn between enjoying her nearness and his determination to guard his feelings.
“Cassiopeia. Yes. She’s destined to remain there forever as punishment for boasting about her unrivaled beauty,” she said.
“You’re familiar with Greek mythology.”
“Only a little of it. One of my college literature classes included Greek myths. How did you learn them?”
“I took a few liberal arts classes. I enjoyed poetry, ancient history and an English class that covered the classics. Then, when I got too busy selling artwork, I dropped out.”
Lissa cocked her head to look up at him. “Have you ever thought about getting a degree in art?”
“I have. But college is expensive, and right now, I’m enjoying what I’m doing.”
“If the art market collapsed, wouldn’t it be good to have a degree? You could use it to get a job.”
Her words tumbled out quickly. He wondered if she was prattling because his proximity made her nervous.
“If I’m doing what the Lord wants, He’ll take care of me.”
“How do you know what He wants? I’ve never heard His voice in my ear telling me to be a geologist.”
He brushed a stray strand of hair off her cheek. “Maybe he spoke to you by giving you an interest in your field.”
“Maybe. I wanted a job with security and stability. My teachers and counsellors approved of my ambition. A scientific field was my best job option.”
He smiled at her. “Do you know now how long your job will keep you in Farmington?”
She shook her head. “It’s supposed to be temporary. The Houston office will choose how long it lasts.”
“I hope it’s for a while, for your Grandma Mandy’s sake.”
With the temptation he was feeling, he should hope she returned to Houston soon. When she got settled there again, she probably wouldn’t miss him. It was comfortable and familiar, and all her family, except Grandma Mandy, lived there.
He saw her shiver. “Are you cold? I should let you get inside. If you’d like a cup of hot cocoa we could get some in the cafeteria.”
She shook her head. “I want to keep Grandma Mandy company. This was fun. Thanks.” 
“It was my pleasure.”  His words were heartfelt. Though she claimed total allegiance to her career, unlike Kelly, she made time for others, especially for the things Mandy wanted to do.
He walked her to her room and told her good night. Her kind disposition and the vulnerability in her eyes took down his defenses.  His eyes were drawn to her lips. They would be chilled from the cold. A kiss would warm them. Yet he made no such move. She’d admitted she might move back and be out of his life at any time. As hard as it was becoming, he would not risk his heart on Lissa. He walked to his room and tried to put her out of his mind. Yet, he fell asleep seeing the image of her face.
They rose early to watch in silence as the canyon brightened with the creeping of dawn. The formations turned honey-gold in an unveiling too impressive for words.
Lissa gazed over the rim. “I’m trying to memorize the view. It makes me feel small and insignificant. I thought nothing could be more beautiful than the view yesterday afternoon. But the early morning is even better.”
“What do you think, Mandy?” Jason asked.
“I agree with Lissa. Morning is my favorite time. Is it yours?” she asked Jason. 
“It depends on what I want to paint. It’s magnificent in the evening, too.”
Lissa nodded. “I wonder if the park rangers ever get used to it and take it for granted.”
Jason shook his head. “I’ve met a few of them. They say that’s why they’re here. They love this place. They feel part of it.”
“I understand why, now,” Lissa said.
Jason decided this was a memory she would carry for her whole life. When she thought of this trip to the Canyon, would she remember him?
They spent an hour hiking along the rim and gazing out as Jason pointed out formations.
He stopped often to take pictures with a professional camera while Lissa used her point and shoot. “I’ve never learned to use a camera like yours. I’ll be jealous of the photos you get,” she told Jason.
“I’d be glad to show you how to use it. You might prefer taking pictures with one of these.”
She smiled at his generosity. “I’d like that. Thanks. Though I suspect your instruction would be patient, I might prove a slow student.”
“I doubt that. Didn’t you graduate at the top of your class?”
The tight expression that swept across her face made him wonder what was bothering her. Biting her lip, she answered softly, “Yes. I graduated with honors.”
Why didn’t she sound proud of the accomplishment? He suspected something about her school experience had not been pleasant. Would probing help her, or only drive the pain deeper? He decided to drop the topic until another time.
They finished the excursion and headed to their rooms to gather their belongings for the journey home. Grandma Mandy hummed along the way.
“You sound happy,” Lissa said.
“I am. I enjoyed the weekend. In case I never come back, I’ll remember how much fun I had with you and Jason.”
“We’ll come back before I move back to Houston.”
“I don’t want to think about when you leave. I just want to enjoy having you here with me now.”
Jason’s heart clenched as he watched Lissa put her arms around Grandma Mandy’s short, stocky frame. “I’m enjoying every minute of being with you, too.”
“What are the chances you could stay here? Farmington is a good place to raise a family.”
“Not very good. I was told it was a temporary assignment. Besides, I’m not raising a family. I’m single, remember?”
Walking behind them, Jason smiled at Grandma Mandy’s one-track mind. “You’ll marry soon. I feel it.”
Jason wondered if the pronouncement brought a flush to Lissa’s creamy cheeks.
Grandma Mandy believed her predictions. Often, she was right.
When they’d packed their bags, they loaded the car and drove back through towering pines that lined the road before they gradually descended onto sage-strewn plains. Fifteen miles from Kayenta they passed a collection of red-hued hoodoos. 
“That’s Baby Rocks.” We saw them on the way here,” Jason reminded her.
She smiled. “I remember. They’re amazing ancient formations. There’s a greater variety of landforms here than where I’m from.”
“True, but you do have Galveston. “I’ve only been to a beach in France. And it wasn’t a good one for swimming.”
She smiled and her face lit. “You’ve missed the fun. Claire and I begged to go to the beach every weekend during the summer. We only made it three or four times from mid-June until the middle of August, but we loved every minute of it.”
Grandma Mandy piped up from the back seat where she insisted she’d be more comfortable. “Remember the little inflatable donkey you had? Claire had one, too. We’d haul you two around in the water and you’d squeal when the waves tossed you.”
“I remember. Granddad used to take us to that seafood restaurant for supper. I don’t think it’s there anymore. I loved the hushpuppies.”
Chuckling, Grandma Mandy said, “You and Clair would make a meal of them when you were growing up.”
Lissa turned to Jason. “What did you do for outdoor fun when you were growing up?”
“My friends and I went exploring on their horses for miles over the mesas. We found arrowheads and canyons and all sorts of critters. We swam in creeks and lakes and fished and hiked. When I got older, I started sketching and painting what I saw.”
“We lived in very different worlds,” Lissa said.
“You both enjoyed God’s creation,” Grandma Mandy observed. 
Jason nodded. “Yes, we did.”
“I want to see as much of the southwest as I can while I’m here. What do you two recommend?” Lissa asked.
Jason didn’t think long. “Mesa Verde, Canyon de-Chelly and Monument Valley.”
Before he could take a breath, Grandma Mandy broke in. “The Painted Desert, Arches, and White Sands.”
Lissa laughed. “I’m going to be busy.”
“We should go to Mesa Verde next weekend before the weather gets too cold,” Grandma Mandy said.
Lissa shook her head, caught between amusement and exasperation. “I can’t run off on trips every weekend after working all week. I have things to do.”
“I could help you get them done during the week. I have plenty of time,” Grandma Mandy offered.
“I won’t have you do my cleaning and laundry and shopping. Besides, I’ll have work to catch up on.”
“You could work in the car on the way there,” Jason said.
“It’s worth it, sweetie,” Grandma Mandy said. “It’ll be winter weather soon and the roads may be too bad to get to these places and too cold to have fun.”
She sighed. If it meant so much to Grandma Mandy, she supposed she could juggle one more trip. “Only if it’s a one-day trip.”
“We can do Mesa Verde in a day,” Jason assured her. 
Grandma Mandy was beaming. “We certainly can.”
“Saturday, then?” Jason asked. Lissa’s excuses reminded him of Kelly. At least Lissa cared about her grandmother enough to give in and spend fun time with her while she could. If it had been only him pressing her, he doubted she would have agreed.
At Kayenta, they stopped for a break. 
“Anybody hungry?” Grandma Mandy asked.
“A little, maybe. Mostly I want to stretch my legs,” Lissa said.
“I could use a bite,” Jason said.
A few moments later, he pulled into a restaurant lot and parked. Lissa pulled her coat on for protection against the chilly wind that blew stinging dust granules into her eyes. She squinted as they dashed for the door.
A cheery young Navajo waitress seated them in a window booth. Lissa looked out at the gray clouds. “Do you think it’s going to snow?  I don’t want to get trapped here and miss work tomorrow.”
From the opposite side of the booth, Jason scanned the clouds. “I don’t think we’ll get enough to slow us down.  It takes a while for it to build up. By then we’ll be on the home stretch.”
Lissa chewed her lip. “I hope so. I enjoyed this trip. Yet, I need to wash some clothes and check my mail, and then, I’m going to turn in early with a book I want to start. But, first, I’ll have to call my parents and Claire and tell them about the weekend. They’ll want to know all about our adventure.”
“Tell them to come out here and see it for themselves,” Grandma Mandy suggested. 
Lissa shook her head. “They hardly ever travel.”
Grandma Mandy made a wry face. “I know.”
Jason looked up from perusing the menu. “Have you had a Navajo taco?”
Lissa shook her head. “What are they?”
“Fry bread topped with beef, onions, beans, diced tomatoes, and a few other things. They’re a traditional food,” Jason said.
“You can’t live out here without trying it,” Grandma Mandy said. 
“Do you like it?” she asked her grandmother.
“I do. The flavors are great.”
Lissa studied the menu and decided. “I’ll try it. If I don’t, I’ll be curious.”
“I’ll have one, too,” Jason said. “How about you, Mandy?”
“Too rich for all this sitting in the car and no moving around. I’m ordering a grilled cheese and fruit.”
They ordered their food. While they waited for it to come, Jason described photo trips he’d taken in this rugged land. Lissa’s gaze didn’t waver as she listened to his descriptions. He delighted in the attention of this beautiful woman. Yet, he did not dare fall prey to her charms. With his heart at stake, the cost was too high.
CHAPTER TWELVE


The Navajo tacos arrived, and Lissa took a bite. She savored it, letting the flavor of beans, green chilies, and ground meat blend in her mouth.  She felt Jason’s gaze on her, watching for her verdict.
She nodded. “I like it. It has flavor without being too spicy.”
“You’re willing to take a risk and try new things. That’s something I like about you,” Jason said.
Lissa felt her cheeks warm under his compliment. To ease her embarrassment, she turned the conversation to their favorite views of the canyon and the chipmunks that scurried among the rocks. “Photos don’t do it justice.”
“How about Jason’s paintings?” Mandy asked.
“I appreciate them more after seeing the Canyon.”
Lissa turned to Jason. “Your love for it shows.”
“Thanks. I never feel I do it justice, but I love it enough to keep trying.”
“You come as close as possible to the real thing,” Lissa said.
He smiled, pinning her with a scrutinizing look. “Hearing you say that is an incentive to go home and paint another.”
They finished their meal and continued the journey home. Mandy fell asleep, leaving Lissa and Jason to visit. Lissa sneaked glances at the man amusing her with stories of his childhood in Cortez, Colorado. Once, during some outdoor time with friends, an attempt to build a canoe failed and landed them in a cold Colorado River that swept them downstream and battered them against the rocks. He bore a scar under the hairline of his forehead. How would it feel to brush back his blond hair and search for the scar?
She chastised herself with a shake of her head. She refused to be attracted to this rogue and mustn’t let her thoughts go down that line. She would allow him to amuse her, and that was all.
Later in the afternoon, she dozed until they arrived home early in the evening. Mandy insisted on making tuna sandwiches with celery, pickle relish, chopped eggs and a liberal amount of mayonnaise. After laying out chips, canned baked beans, and a pitcher of sweet tea, they sat to eat.
“It’s going to be hard to sit in an office and look at four walls after the views I saw this weekend,” Lissa said. “Later in the week, I’ll be out in the field. That will help.”
“I won’t mind being inside tomorrow. I can’t wait to get started on new paintings,” Jason said.
Lissa noticed the fervor in his eyes. “I’d like to look at them when you’re done. A Grand Canyon scene on my wall would look great.”
Mandy grinned at Jason. “If I had your talent, I would paint a colorful fall scene along a country road to hang in the center of my living room right above the couch. And across from it, I would have a cozy ranch in a valley between the mountains.”
“That sounds homey,” Jason said.
Mandy shook her head. “Unfortunately, I don’t have your talent.”
“Why don’t you take art lessons?” Lissa said. “You might discover a talent you didn’t know you had.”
Mandy sighed. “Not likely. My doodling is dreadful.”
Lissa stared at Grandma Mandy, surprised to learn she had an interest in painting. “Doodling isn’t the same as painting, is it?” she asked Jason.
He smiled back at her. “Not exactly.”
He turned to Mandy. “I’d be glad to get you started.”
She raised a hand in protest. “Goodness, no. I wouldn’t dream of taking up your time. You need to make a living and I couldn’t afford to pay you enough to do that.”
He rubbed his chin. “You could come to my studio, and I could paint while you work. I could stop now and then and give you pointers. That wouldn’t take much time. Maybe twice a week or so. What do you think?”
Mandy looked at Lissa. “I don’t know. Do you think I’m too old to start something so big?”
“Of course not. Grandma Moses was older than you. Look how famous she became.”
Lissa didn’t know if Grandma Mandy had a talent of not. However, if her grandmother put her mind to something, it was amazing what she could do. She hadn’t learned to sew until Lissa and Claire were born. Yet the baby clothes she’d fashioned were adorned with smocking and appliqué. Though they had been passed to Chelsea, Lissa hoped she would need them someday.
“I’d like to try painting. I’ll buy some paints. Could you help me pick them out?” she asked Jason.
He smiled at her. “I’d be glad to. “When do you want to go?”
“Is tomorrow too soon? You might have a lot to do since we just got back from a weeklong trip. You know you can be honest with me, right?” Mandy said.
“Absolutely honest. I need to go to the art store anyway. We might as well get your paints.”
Lissa rolled her eyes at the knowing look Grandma Mandy gave her. She wanted Lissa to note that Jason was kind and thoughtful. Lissa wrote it off to a shared interest. It certainly didn’t apply to her. She had no artistic talent and nothing in common with someone who spent most of his waking hours on it.
She changed the subject. “We’re drilling a new well this week. It looks promising.”
“I hope it goes well,” Jason said.
“Thanks. So do I. The company would make a nice profit and it would also benefit this area.”
Lissa wiped her lips after nibbling a cookie Grandma Mandy had brought out on a tray.
They visited a bit longer before Jason looked at his watch, and said, “Got to get my beauty sleep for that trip to buy paints tomorrow.”
Mandy turned to Lissa. “You walk him to the door while I clear the table. It will only take a minute.”
Lissa hesitated. Grandma Mandy made a swooshing motion as she gathered the plates. “Go.”
In the hallway, Lissa paused, feeling awkward. “Thanks for driving. It was a great trip.”
“It was my pleasure to have your company at a place I love to go to.”
“Grandma Mandy had fun,” Lissa said.
He studied her. “Did you have fun?”
“I did. It was beautiful.” She remembered the vivid colors of the panoramic vista that were imprinted in her mind.
“Good.” His expression sobered. Perhaps he hoped she’d encourage him by saying how much she enjoyed his company. He might mistake friendship for romantic interest. So she held her tongue.
“I’m glad you went,” he added. He studied her face a moment before he walked out. 
As she shut the door, Lissa sighed. His attentiveness was touching. 
Grandma Mandy was in the kitchen. Lissa scrubbed the table with a soapy rag, and asked, “Why haven’t you tried painting before? It seems you’ve always wanted to tinker with it.”
“I never had money or time for lessons when I was younger. If not for you two encouraging me, I’d think I was too old now. I hope I’m not a burden on Jason’s time.”
“I don’t think so. You’ve never been a burden. In fact, I’m jealous. I think he’s trying to steal my Grandma Mandy.”
Grandma Mandy grinned. “He’d give me back soon enough. I’m much too meddlesome.” 
Lissa smiled back. “You? Never.”
Juggling the condiments, Lissa set them back in the refrigerator. “I’m exhausted. I’m going to bathe, then take my book to bed. I want to get to sleep early since tomorrow’s going to be busy.”
“I hope the drilling goes well.”
“We’re pretty confident this one will pay out. All of the initial tests look positive.”
Extensive pages of read-outs showed all the signs of a reasonable oil deposit. They wouldn’t know how much they had until they got down into it. It was exciting, almost like a treasure hunt. After all the work to find a deposit, it felt like a personal victory when they succeeded.
Grandma Mandy smiled at her. “I hope you hit pay dirt.”
Studying her grandmother, Lissa decided her years were taking a toll when it came to long days of travel. “You look tired. Do you need anything before I go to bed?”
“No. I’m fine dear. I’m going to read a while and turn in.”
Lissa kissed her cheek. It was soft and wrinkled. She smelled like roses. It was a scent she would always associate with her grandmother, along with the sense of all-encompassing love. She couldn’t remember a time when Grandma Mandy hadn’t been part of her life. Even the push she was making for Lissa to date Jason was meant for Lissa’s future happiness.
By the time she settled in bed, she was too tired to read. Setting the book on the bedside table, she decided to enjoy it tomorrow. Nestled under the plush white comforter, she fell asleep.
She opened her eyes to the sound of soft rock music on her alarm. At six o’clock on a winter morning, the room was still bathed in darkness. She slipped her feet into plush, rosy slippers that protected them from the chill of the bare wood floors. Shivering, she put on black slacks and a downy, cream-colored sweater.  She padded to the bathroom to do makeup before entering the kitchen to grab a cup of coffee and a piece of toast. She was surprised to see Grandma Mandy sitting at the table nursing a cup of the brew.
She paused. “Why are you up so early?”
“I woke up with indigestion. Too much rich food over the weekend, I suspect. I thought I’d have a cup of coffee and go back to bed.”
Lissa frowned. Grandma Mandy had just gotten over a bad cold. Indigestion didn’t sound like a usual complication. Yet, who knew? 
 “Are you chilled? I could bring you a blanket to wrap up,” Lissa offered.
Grandma Mandy shook her head. “I’m fine. I’ll crawl back under the covers. In the meantime, I’ll keep you company while you have breakfast.”
“That would be nice. Do you think you should go shopping for art supplies today? Maybe a rest would be better since you’re not feeling too well.”
“Nonsense. I’ll be fine in a little while.”
Lissa poured herself more coffee and refilled Grandma Mandy’s cup. “I could make you some oatmeal.”
“Just coffee. Thank you, dear. Would you like potato soup for supper tonight?”
Lissa popped a piece of bread into the toaster. “That sounds wonderful if you feel up to making it. If not, I’ll heat soup and make grilled cheese sandwiches when I get home. I may be a few minutes late. I have a bit of catch-up to do.”
“I’ll keep the soup warm,” Grandma Mandy said. “Don’t worry about me. I’m fine.”
The toast popped up and Lissa spread it with butter and jelly. Then, she sat with Grandma Mandy to eat it. When she’d polished it off, they chatted while she unloaded the dishwasher and placed her dirty plate and mug inside.
She felt strangely satisfied at completing this simple household task. The beautiful porcelain rose bowls and plates were stacked neatly and the glasses were set upon their shelf. For the first time, she understood the satisfaction of doing the small things of life, keeping house, cooking a nice meal, or planting a garden and seeing vegetables sprout. She’d worked so hard at her job that she’d lost sight of the joy of simple accomplishments. Had she missed other enjoyment while she’d had her nose buried in her work?
She sighed. It couldn’t be helped. To succeed in her career, she’d had to give it all she could. She could survive with only a taste of domestic accomplishment. Most of her life would always be her career. For the first time, the thought left her feeling empty and sad.
Leaving Grandma Mandy to rest, Lissa donned her coat and went outside. With the temperature in the low thirties, the garage had kept off snow, but now as she backed from the driveway frost quickly formed on the windows. Lissa ran the defroster until she could see well enough to drive.
With headlights aglow, she headed to the office, disliking how long the darkness lingered in the fall. She parked in the employee lot and scurried inside, embracing the warmth as she hung her coat on the hook inside her small cubby and rubbed her hands together to warm them. The scent of coffee lured her to the kitchen. One more mug couldn’t do any harm. Mark was there, pouring a hot cup.
 He glanced at her and smiled. “Freshly brewed. You want some?”
“I do. It’s a cold morning.”
“It gets a lot colder here than in Houston. Winter can get in the single digits.”
“The beauty makes up for the cold.” Her thoughts went unbidden to the Grand Canyon and Jason’s enthusiasm for the majestic scenery.
“Not everyone likes it here. I miss the green grass and oak trees,” Mark said.
 “I don’t miss it as much as I thought I would,” Lissa admitted.
“I’m hoping for a transfer soon,” he continued. “Houston or maybe New Orleans. I prefer the big city life.”
Lissa shrugged. “I suppose it depends on what you like to do.”
“I like going out to eat at new places, going to museums, concerts, basketball games and movies. I’ll have to convince Becky, though. She prefers the southwest.”
“Your fiancé?”
“Yes. “
He cocked his head and studied Lissa. “Maybe you could convince her. We’re going to lunch today. She’s bringing a couple of people. You want to come?”
Lissa wasn’t excited about having lunch with strangers. “Thanks for the offer, but I’ve already got plans.”
“Maybe another time.” 
He nodded. “Sure.”
She trod to her office and sank into her chair to face a mound of projects that kept her from getting a morning break. One of the crews ran into problems with drilling that set them behind schedule. She had to order parts for what they needed and arrange for delivery. Before she knew it, it was time for lunch. She sat in her office and downed her sandwich while she studied printouts of the site.
A woman popped into her doorway. She was young and slender, dressed in a figure-hugging knit dress of pink and white stripes. “Hey, I’m Becky. Mark told me you’re new here.”
“Yes. I was transferred from Houston.”
“Mark would take a transfer there in a heartbeat. He liked it while he was in school. What do you think?”
“There’s more shopping and entertainment. However, it’s so crowded I didn’t usually make the effort,” Lissa said. 
She remembered Becky wasn’t keen on the idea. “He said you like the southwest.”
“That’s right. I’m a sunshine girl. Still, I told him I’ll tag along after we get married here.”
“When are you getting married?”
“In April. We booked a church to make my parents happy. Mark and I aren’t into religion.”
Lissa nodded. “If I ever get married, my family would expect a church wedding.” 
Becky shrugged. “If it makes them happy, huh?”
“Exactly.”
Becky tilted her heart-shaped face. Her expressive brown eyes and dark brown hair hinted at Hispanic heritage. She was pretty and nice. Mark was lucky.
“I’ve got to scoot,” she said. “Maybe we can meet up sometime for lunch or shopping.” 
Lissa nodded. “That would be nice.”
As she went back to work, she missed the things she and Clair once did together. Yet, she might prove as outclassed by Becky as she was by Claire.
CHAPTER THIRTEEN


The new well met their expectations that week. Now that it was the weekend, Lissa looked forward to the trip to Mesa Verde National Park with Grandma Mandy and Jason. The Anasazi cliff dwellings had been occupied from about 500 to 1300 AD by an ancient society that relied on agriculture for its existence.
When Jason arrived for them on Saturday, a lazy wind barely stirred the dry leaves as they walked to his truck. Though the temperature was brisk, bright sunshine in a clear blue sky eased the chill. Lissa wondered how much colder it would be at Mesa Verde where the altitude was over a thousand feet higher than Farmington.
During the two-hour drive, Lissa looked out the window at the impressive scenery of golden cliffs and snow-capped mountains. The sky here was a clear blue with a smattering of high, thin clouds.
“I was reading that some of the hikes at Mesa Verde are strenuous?” Lissa turned in her seat to speak to her grandmother. “Remember, you promised not to try those. “
“You’re as young as you feel. Today, I feel twenty-five,” Mandy replied. 
Lissa exhaled an exasperated sigh.
Jason came to her rescue. “I thought we’d do the self-guided driving tour, except for Cliff Palace. It takes some hiking and climbing but only lasts an hour. Mandy, you could rest while we go.”
“What? You don’t think this old grandma can keep up?”
She chuckled. “I want you to do whatever you like. I’m happy to rest while you go.”
“I was hoping you’d say you won’t overdo it,” Lissa admitted.
“When you get to my age you know your limits.”
As far as Lissa could tell, Grandma Mandy hadn’t slowed down. She still worked hard around the house and at her volunteer activities at the hospital. And now, she planned to take up painting.
They stopped at the visitor center for a map. Lissa flipped through it. “Wow. It looks like this could take a couple of days to do everything here.”
Jason nodded. “Yes, probably even more to see everything. Maybe we’ll come back sometime for what we miss. I suggest we take the six-mile drive along Ruins Road.”
Lissa had read the literature describing what they would see. Since it sounded fascinating and wouldn’t wear Grandma Mandy out, she readily agreed. After a few minutes of looking out the window, Lissa spotted the first ruins. So many centuries had passed, yet she imagined the structures as they had been when the inhabitants carried out daily activities. Life had been very different then.
They took the drive along Mesa Top Loop Road and made the short walk to see the Square Tower house and the view of Cliff Palace from the Sun Point and Sun Temple stops. They were unlike anything Lissa had ever seen.
Later, while Mandy visited the gift shop, Lissa and Jason took the guided tour of Balcony House, beginning with a steep climb up a thirty-two-foot ladder. Lissa panted on the crawl through a narrow fissure in the rock. “I’m glad I’m not claustrophobic,” she told Jason.
When they reached the balcony, a ranger showed how the people had prepared food. When the tour ended, they met Mandy at the gift shop. She’d bought a pottery vase. “We’ll remember our trip when we put flowers in here.”
The look of pleasure on her face warmed Lissa’s heart.
“Are we ready to call it a day?” Jason asked. “Everything closes soon.”
“I guess we should. You can’t do everything in one afternoon,” Grandma Mandy said. 
“We’ll come back,” Jason promised.
Lissa had said the same thing to Grandma Mandy about the Grand Canyon. But would they return together to any of these places? They ate supper inside the park before heading to Farmington. The temperature had dropped steadily during the evening. By the time they got home, it was well below freezing.
She invited Jason inside for a cup of cocoa and sat on the sofa with him while Mandy prepared for bed. “It’s nice of you to go to so much trouble taking us on trips. Grandma Mandy loves it.”
“And did you have fun?”
“Oh, I did. It was a wonderful day.”
He smiled at her. “I’m glad. I love Mandy. She’s great. Still, I’ve been hoping you’re not coming only to make her happy. Neither of us wants to bore you.”
“I’m not bored. I love the outdoors. My favorite part of my job is fieldwork.”  
And you don’t mind my company? You might want to share these trips with your grandmother without having me along. If you do, just say so. I’d rather you tell me.”
Heat rushed into her cheeks. He’d put her in an awkward position. If she said she didn’t want him to come, it would be a lie. Yet, if she assured him she liked his company, would he take it as meaning there could be something between them? She didn’t know what to say.
Finally, she answered, “I wouldn’t have made the time if you hadn’t arranged things and Grandma Mandy hadn’t wanted to go. I’m always behind with helping her at home.”
“I understand how busy you are. I’m not asking for a date. I’m just having fun showing you around. My offer is still open to taking you on a trail ride.”
The temptation was too great. “When do you want to go?” she asked. 
“Next Saturday afternoon? We won’t be gone as long as today.”
“I would like that. Thanks.” It wasn’t a date, so she had nothing to worry about. 
“Two o’clock?” he asked.
“Yeah, I’ll be ready.”
When he said, good-bye, and walked into the chilly night, she determined not to lean on his company. Getting too attached could be dangerous.
On Monday afternoon, Lissa walked through the lounge on a coffee break and overheard Mark chatting about golf at the country club. “I joined when I first got here. There’s not much entertainment in this little place. I’ve never seen so many grown men who get their thrills riding dirt bikes around in the sand. Whoopee.”
When she first met Mark, she’d thought they were alike. Surely she wasn’t nearly as stuffy. He’d called horses smelly beasts. Yet, she looked forward to her horseback ride immensely.
Lissa returned to her office and worked on the mud log to learn the extent of the deposit. She studied the data and crunched numbers on the computer all afternoon. Mark, as the team leader, would go over the findings with her. She e-
mailed her preliminary assessment to the boss before bundling up to face the frigid outdoors on the way to her car.
When she got home, she found, Grandma Mandy sewing a baby quilt for a young woman who was expecting a baby in November. She loved designing them with squares of trains, teddy bears, and trucks for boys, and flowers, bunnies, and rainbows for girls. Since this baby was a girl, she’d edged pastel squares with pink binding.
“It’s beautiful. The mom will be thrilled. Claire certainly loves the one you did for Chelsea.” Lissa said.
“I’ll do one for you someday.”
“I’d like that. My biological clock is ticking,” Lissa said.
“You have time. My best friend was thirty-one when she got married and she had four children.”
“Wow. That’s ambitious. I was thinking about having two or three. Of course, that’s assuming I find a husband.”
“The right will come along at the right time.”
Lissa shook her head. “We don’t know that for sure. I might have to settle for being alone.”
“I’m sure you won’t,” Grandma Mandy insisted.
They chatted a while about Lissa’s workday before Lissa said, “I’m going to kick off my shoes and call Claire. I’ll be back in a bit.”
She sprawled across her bed and called her sister. Clair answered. “Hi. I’ve been thinking about you. Grandma Mandy told me you’ve been on two sightseeing tours with a handsome guide.”
“It’s true. Jason is handsome. However, I want someone with drive and ambition. I don’t want to worry about how I’ll make ends meet because I have to support the family.”
“According to Grandma Mandy, Jason does okay with his income.”
“Right now. What if the art market crashes?”
“What if the oil and gas industry crashes?”
Lissa thought it over. “That’s not as likely. Besides, my skills would transfer to another job.”
“Last I heard, some jobs in geology don’t pay too well.”
“True. But, at least, they pay something.”
She didn’t want to argue, so she changed the subject. “What’s up at your house? Is Chelsea talking yet?”
Claire chuckled. “She’s not even three months old. She is picking up her head and looking around, though. And she can roll over by herself.”
“She’s a gifted child.  How have you been?”
“Good. Very busy. Being a mom is more than a full-time job. I don’t get evenings or weekends off.
However, now that she’s sleeping through the night, I feel human again. For a while, I was nodding off on my feet.”
“You’re happy at home with her, aren’t you?”
“Of course. I wouldn’t trade it for the world.”
“Is Mom still giving you a hard time about quitting your job?”
“No. She’s given up. Maybe she understands I don’t care about her opinion. It’s my life and my child.”
Claire’s independence shone through.
She always stood her ground. Why couldn’t Lissa be as strong?
She drew herself back to the conversation as Claire said, “Chelsea’s growing like crazy. She’s nearly too big for three-month clothes. She’s grabbing at things and making all kinds of funny sounds. I’m sending you a photo right now.”
Lissa opened it and cooed over her adorable niece. “I’ll show it to Grandma Mandy. She loves to get updates. It must seem like only yesterday you and I were babies.”
Claire assured her, “You’ll have one of these someday.
“I hope so. I need a husband first.”
“Keep an open mind. I didn’t think my Doug was anything special when we first met. He was bashful and tongue-tied. However, he was persistent. Once I got to know him, I realized he was also sweet and romantic.” Claire said.
“You can’t control who you’re attracted to. Jason is handsome in a sturdy Swede sort of way. Maybe I need to convince myself I prefer tall, dark and handsome. What if I fall for Jason and it turns into a disaster?”
Claire sighed. “God knows you better than you know yourself. He wouldn’t ask you to do something that wasn’t best for you and the people in your life. Have a little faith, Lissa.
Lissa sighed. “I’ll try.”
After they clicked off, she went into the kitchen to start supper, only to discover Grandma Mandy had a stew already bubbling on the stove. Onions, carrots, potatoes, and beef simmered in a
rich brown broth. Since bowls and biscuits were already on the table, Lissa stirred up some hot cocoa for each of them. Grandma Mandy joined her, and they sat down for supper.
After praying over the food, Grandma Mandy asked, “How was your day?”
“It was okay. I found out more about Mark today. He enjoys country clubs, golf, good restaurants, concerts, and social connections. He wants to transfer to a big city. ”
Grandma Mandy studied her. “He’s the one who heads your team, right?” 
“Yes. He’s out of my league. And he has a fiancé.”
“Is that what you want? Do you want the amenities that Mark enjoys?”
“I don’t know. I like Farmington more all the time. No freeways. The sky is almost always blue. The crime rate is lower than in a big city. What’s not to like?
Lissa speared a bite of potato. Conflicting thoughts spun through her head. She studied her soup bowl. “I’ve always loved your mother’s china. I’m glad you’re using it. When I have something beautiful, I squirrel it away, so it won’t get broken.”
“What’s the point, dear? You’re not enjoying it if it’s in a box. When you and Claire were small, you played with your favorite stuffed animals until they were rags. You could have kept them on a shelf, but you would have missed all the enjoyment.”
Lissa pinned her with a keen look. “Why do I get the feeling you’re trying to make a point?”
“I worry you’re like that with your life. You want to play it safe and have everything go the way you plan. You want to keep it neat and orderly instead of living it.”
“I live just as much as anyone. I can’t help it if skydiving and bungee jumping isn’t for me.”
“I don’t mean those kinds of risks. It may be God has a plan different from the carefully arranged one in your mind.”
The idea was worrisome. If she let God run her life, He might send her to the other side of the world as a missionary. He could tell her to give all she’d saved to help the poor, or volunteer to teach a children’s Sunday school class. None of this was appealing. She liked her itinerary much better.
“I’m not as trusting as you. I know what I want. I can make it happen.”
It wasn’t what Grandma Mandy would have wanted her to say. She expected her to put her life in God’s hands and let Him work it out.
Grandma Mandy shook her head. “I’m afraid it may not work out that way. I’ve found it best to be open to God’s leading.”
“How do I know if what I’m feeling now isn’t coming from God?”
“Sometimes, you don’t. It takes time and prayer.”
Lissa laughed. “In the meantime, I’m looking for a husband with a good, solid career.” 
Grandma Mandy shook her head. “Because it’s safe?  You’re your mother’s daughter.”
When they finished the meal, Lissa spent a quiet evening reading before going to bed.
She lay awake and wondered how Jason felt so loved by God after what he’d done in his past. If he could be forgiven, perhaps, she could, too.
CHAPTER FOURTEEN


On Saturday morning, Lissa slipped into jeans and a long-sleeved blouse for the trail ride with Jason. She glanced out the window. The sky was a crisp clear blue with a streak of white clouds high in the stratosphere. It was a perfect day to be outside.
There was a romantic lure to riding across the rugged open land. Freedom from constraints. No agenda. So very different from a usual Saturday in Houston.
When he arrived, Lissa pulled on her sweater and accompanied him outside. Her heartbeat quickened at the sight of the horse trailer. Inside, she saw two brown heads at the window. One of them would be her mount. The idea was both thrilling and intimidating. She hoped her horse was patient and didn’t like to run.
Jason grinned down at her. “These are two great horses, well-broke, and patient. They’re saddled and ready to go.”
“Thanks for going to the trouble to get them.”
“No problem. My friend is always happy to loan them.”
They piled into the truck and Jason hauled the trailer out of the neighborhood. Jason turned northwest on Foothills and drove until he reached the end of the road. He parked on a wide patch of dirt and turned off the truck. “Want to meet your mount? I decided to put you on Amber, an old mare. I’m taking Jock.”
“I do want to meet her. I hope she likes me.”
Jason led her to the doors. “Stay back until I get them tied.” 
Lissa watched him lead out two sleek horses.
He led the chestnut horse from the trailer and tied it to the outside hitch. Lissa admired its glossy coat and the sunlight glinting off its back. The second horse was a spotted, quarter horse, shorter than the chestnut. Jason patted the short one. “Time for fun. This is Amber. I’ll put the bridle on and you can mount.”
Lissa petted the horse and let it sniff her hand.
Jason smiled at them. “She likes you. She’s also curious. Horses are always curious.”
She watched him hold the bridle in front of the horse and slip the bit into her mouth. He put the reins over her head and turned to Lissa. “Ready?”
She took a deep breath. “Sure.”
He held the horse while she put her foot in the stirrup, hopped a couple of times and swung up. She settled into the saddle. “I made it.”
“You’re a natural.”
She laughed. “All I did was swing into a saddle. Let’s see how I do next.”
Amber waited patiently while Jason bridled Jock. When he was mounted they turned the horses for the trail. Fortunately, Amber followed amiably along beside Jock, taking her cue from him. Lissa had only to hold the reins as they walked along a trail leading down to a sandy wash.
Piñon and cedar trees dotted the landscape, and their scent filled the air with a Christmassy smell. Boulders rose like sentinels on one side, and a scrubby hill of scattered brush and cactus lay on the other.
Lissa drew a deep breath. “The air is fresh and smells good. Nothing like what I was used to in the city.”
“I always took it for granted, still do.”
“I think you were lucky to grow up where you could explore the outdoors. Claire and I were limited to a backyard.”
“I bet you had things to explore in your backyard.” 
“Yeah. Snails, lizards and yellow jackets.”
“We have those here. Not so many snails, unless it’s someplace damp.”
A jackrabbit crossed the path ahead of them and reminded Lissa of the small cottontail she often saw in the yard next door when she left to work. She was still getting used to the plethora of wildlife.
Jason pointed to the edge of the path near Lissa. “Those look like bobcat tracks.”
 “Have you seen any out here?”
“Not while I’ve been on a trail. They stay away from humans. I have spotted one a couple of times on a hike.”
“What else have you seen?”
Jason looked thoughtful. “Deer of course. Fox and black bear, wild turkey and geese. Once, I ran across a herd of pronghorn.”
“You’re a real mountain man,” Lissa teased.
He grinned back. “Nope. That would be my great-uncle. He lived off the land in a little cabin high up near the LaPlata Mountains. He rarely visited anyone.”
“I couldn’t take that much isolation,” Lissa admitted. 
“Me, either.”
Jason pointed as they ascended the trail. “Look at all the snow on the San Juan Mountains.  Someday, I want a house with a view of them.”
Lissa admired the glistening white atop the rim. “It is pretty. I like the cliffs best, though. They turn amazing colors in the early morning, and late in the day.”
They rounded a curve and continued along the level wash. The breeze was cool, yet not too chilly and the high desert sunlight lent warmth. Ahead, a round boulder sat atop a flat rock. A dark-haired, young man sat against the boulder. A bike with a bent wheel lay beside him.
They pulled the horses to a stop while Jason asked, “Are you all right?”
The man shook his head. “I was hoping someone would come along. I hit a big rock and busted up my bike. I think my ankle’s broken. I forgot my cell phone and couldn’t call for help.”
Jason dismounted. “You can use mine, or I can give you a lift out if you don’t mind horseback.”
“I appreciate your offer for a lift out. It might take someone else a while to get out here.” 
Jason nodded. He gave Lissa his reins and squatted beside the fallen biker.
“I’ve had some EMT training. Let’s see that ankle.”
Lissa watched him examine the swollen joint.
Jason told the biker, “I think you’re right. It’s likely broken. My friend and I can ride double on my horse and put you on the little mare.”
Lissa took her foot from the stirrup and swung her leg over the horse. She felt Jason’s steadying hands on her waist as she stepped down. Then, while she held the horses, Jason edged behind the biker and lifted him to his feet.
“What’s your name?” he asked the young man.”
“Parker Yost.”
“I’m Jason and this is Lissa. We’ll see if we can get you somewhere to take care of that ankle. Ever ridden before?”
“Yes. My uncle in Colorado has horses. I’ve gone out with him.”
“Good. All I’ll have to do is get you on, then.”
“Thanks. I’m thirsty. I don’t suppose you have any water on you.”
“I’ve got some bottles in the truck. It’s only a couple of miles back.”
Parker nodded and hobbled toward the horse with Jason’s support. Lissa was struck by how slight the young man looked next to Jason’s stocky frame. Jason shone in the muscle department, she decided.
Since Parker had hurt his right ankle, he was able to put his left into the stirrup. Jason helped him swing onto the horse and take the reins. Then he appropriated Jock’s reins from Lissa. “I’m going up first. You use the stirrup to mount behind me.”
“Okay.”
After he was in the saddle, Lissa put her foot in the stirrup and gave a hop. Jason grasped her hand to pull her up behind him.
“Hold on to my waist,” he said.
Would clinging to him be awkward? She had little choice if she wanted to stay steady on the horse. Since she enjoyed his warmth and the feeling of security he gave her, she struggled to remind herself of the reasons she couldn’t allow herself to be attracted to him. By the time they reached the trailer, she’d brought her wayward emotions under control.
They dismounted, and Jason helped Parker from the horse. He lent his shoulder to support the smaller man as he hopped to the truck and onto the back seat. Lissa held the horses until Jason came back to tie up and unsaddle. “Poor kid. I’m pretty sure it’s broken.”
“How could you tell from feeling it?”
“EMT training and my study of physical therapy.”
She watched him un-cinch Jock’s saddle. “You studied physical therapy? Why did you quit?”
“Remember? My art career was unfolding. There wasn’t time for both.”
Lissa frowned. He could have had a meaningful vocation. Yet, he gave it up for art.
“Are you happier?”
“Yep.”
Job security was number one. How could he not realize this?
He led the horse into the trailer and returned for Amber. It didn’t take long for him to get her loaded. Then, they were on the way to the emergency room. Jason asked Parker, “Is there someone you can call to meet you there? You’ll have to get home.”
“Yeah. I can call my buddy, Alex. He’ll give me a lift.
Jason handed Parker his phone. “Better call and be sure he can come.”
“Thanks.” Parker took the phone and punched in the number. He succeeded in reaching his friend. “He’ll be there to take me home.”
They reached the entrance and Lissa went inside to request a wheelchair. When she approached the desk, a woman in her forties with tinted red highlights in her light brown hair asked, “May I help you?”
Lissa wiped her sweaty palms. She’d never been comfortable in hospitals. Fortunately, they weren’t excessively busy this Saturday afternoon.
“My friend and I found a young man who was hiking and injured his ankle. He can’t put weight on it.  Could we borrow a wheelchair to bring him in?”
The woman nodded. “I’ll have someone come out and get him.”
“Thanks.”
Lissa gulped the crisp air on the way to the car. She couldn’t pinpoint the reason for her anxiety, except that hospitals were places people sometimes died. The thought of death disquieted her. She was glad to leave the sanitized waiting room and head across the parking lot to Jason.
“They’re bringing a wheelchair out.”
They waited until a young woman came out with the chair. Jason helped her get Parker seated.
“I appreciate your help. Can I give you some gas money for getting me over here?” Parker asked.
Jason shook his head. “We were glad to help. Here’s a card with my phone number. Let me know how you’re doing and if you need anything.”
“Thanks. I will.”
The woman rolled him toward the door and Lissa and Jason climbed into the truck. Lissa turned to Jason. “You’d still make a good medic. You handled that well.”
“Thanks. I didn’t like responding to trauma cases. This one wasn’t bad. I’m just glad we found him before he was stuck in the cold for too long.”
“Me too. He seems like a nice guy.”
“Yeah.” He shot her a quick look. Jealousy, perhaps?   The possibility boosted her ego.
Dusk was falling as he pulled in front of her house. Light spilled from the living room windows, beckoning her to come into the warm and cozy house where she and Grandma Mandy would share supper and swap stories about their day.
“I’d invite you in, but I suppose you have to get the horses back,” Lissa said. 
“I do. Otherwise, I’d take you up on it. Raincheck?”
“Sure. Thanks for the ride. I enjoyed it.”
“Next time we’ll make it a little farther.”
“That would be nice.” Why did she keep agreeing to spend time with him? It wasn’t smart. Yet, she enjoyed his company, if only as a friend. Surely there was no harm in it, as long as he understood the boundaries.
The homey scent of chicken and dumplings and fresh biscuits drew her through the entryway and into the kitchen. Grandma Mandy sat at the kitchen table with a book in hand and a serious expression on her face.
Lissa knelt beside her. “What’s wrong?”
“I was reading about a family split apart during the Second World War. So many cruel things happened to innocent people.” 
“Like you always say, this isn’t a perfect world.”
Grandma Mandy nodded at the book. “This proves I’m right. You can’t do anything about the past except learn from it.”
Lissa wondered if she’d ever learn from her past since she often repeated the same mistakes. She lived with her stomach tied in a knot from setting goals she couldn’t possibly accomplish.
“You’re right, dear.” 
She bustled to the stove. “I need to take a break from this book and get our supper into bowls.”
Lissa rose and hugged Grandma Mandy. “You sit. I’ll get the food and make you a warm cup of tea.”
Grandma Mandy smiled at her. “That sounds lovely. Tell me about your afternoon.”
“We found a hurt biker and took him to the hospital.”
Grandma Mandy raised her eyebrows. “What happened to him? 
“A broken ankle, I think. Jason used his EMT training.”
Grandma Mandy gave her a knowing smile. “He’s a man of many talents. Perhaps you’ll discover he has others, as well.”
Lissa didn’t want to encourage Grandma Mandy’s hopes. She turned away to get ceramic bowls from the cabinet beside the stove. She set them on the counter and spooned the chicken and dumplings into them. After she set biscuits onto a plate, she heated a mug of water, put two tea bags in to steep, and set the brew in front of Grandma Mandy.
“Let’s pray.” Grandma Mandy folded her work-worn hands, roughened from years of caring for those she loved and dotted with age-spots. “Lord, we thank You for providing this food and for Your guidance and love. Help us to love and serve You. Amen.”
Lissa set her napkin in her lap. “I’ll keep you company in the living room this evening, though I might have to stand if I’m too sore to sit.”
Grandma Mandy grinned. “It’s worth it to have a good ride.”
Lissa grinned. “I’ll decide about that if I can move in the morning.”
She was relieved when the unaccustomed activity didn’t prevent her from getting a good night’s sleep. The next morning, when Jason sat with them at church, Lissa noticed the approving smiles of the older women. They believed she and Jason were a couple. Yet, when she transferred back to Houston, she would leave him behind.
CHAPTER FIFTEEN


Monday night, Lissa talked to Claire “I had fun on the ride with Jason. I only hope he understands we’re only friends.”
Claire chuckled. “Are you that naïve? He’s hoping you’ll change your mind.”
“He’s never said he’s interested in me.”
“When guys like you, they don’t give up. The smart ones don’t admit their feelings until they have you hooked.”
“Do you think I’m giving him the wrong idea? If so, I shouldn’t spend time with him.” 
This pained her. She liked Jason and would miss his sunny company. She’d thought he understood they weren’t made for each other. She had hoped they could be friends.
Claire continued in her sisterly tone. “That depends on how much you like him. If you throw away this chance, you may be sorry someday.”
“I want to be fair to him. I’m not likely to change my mind about my career.”
“Ask yourself what it would feel like to see him with another woman. That will give you an idea of what you should do.”
Lissa bit her lip, feeling torn. The price of being fair to him was high. It would sting to see him with someone else. Perhaps she would leave Farmington before she was called to make this choice.
“I’ll give it some thought,” she promised Claire. “Now, tell me more about what new things Chelsea is doing.”
They talked about the baby, their mother’s frequent visits and their dad’s weakening back. It was hard to think of their parents growing older. They’d always been active and enjoyed good health.
“He’s not going to be able to handle his woodworking much longer,” Claire said. “The stooping and reaching are taking a toll.”
“He loves it. What will he do if he retires? It will be several more years before Mom quits her job.”
Claire snorted. “She’ll have a long to-do list for simple jobs around the house. That should keep him busy.”
Lissa doubted their father would be content to putter. His strong drive to create would compel him to design something less demanding than tables, chairs, and cabinetry. He would stay busy. Perhaps he could make dollhouse furniture for Chelsea. Lissa pushed her father’s health issue from her mind. She didn’t want to deal with the inevitable toll aging would take on her parents.
Chelsea started to fret. “I should let you tend to her,” Lissa said. “I bet she’s getting hungry. Give her a kiss from Grandma Mandy and me.”
“Will do.”
The baby had been warm and soft. Lissa longed to hold her again. When she was back in Houston, she would re-acquaint herself with her niece. In the meantime, online visits would have to do.
The next morning, Mark popped into her office. “I have a personal request. “
She composed her expression. If it was to work late, she wouldn’t be pleased. “What is it?”
“Becky got four tickets to a guitar concert Friday night. The couple she invited had to cancel and she wants to know if you and a date could come?”
Lissa considered the invitation. Jason was the only man she knew well enough to ask.
Her conscience tugged at her. She shouldn’t encourage him. Yet, she wanted to go.
“I’ll see what I can do.” The words were out of her mouth before she could stop them.
 “Great. We could pick you and your date up early and go to supper before the concert. How about we come by about six?”
“I’ll have to check with Jason, but I think that would be fine. Here’s my address.” 
She scribbled it on a notepad on her desk.
Mark put it in his pocket. “See you tomorrow.”
Lissa cast aside her doubt about whether she should have agreed. She’d call Jason and see if he was interested. If not, perhaps Grandma Mandy could go, though she hardly qualified as a date.
Grandma Mandy smiled when Lissa told her about the Friday night plans. “How nice. You’re going out with another couple.”
“It doesn’t mean Jason and me are dating.”
“No. But you’ll have a good time.”
Grandma Mandy thought if they spent enough time together they’d fall in love. Of course, it wasn’t true. Jason’s life was headed in a different direction than her own.
After supper, she called him.
“A guy at work has two extra tickets to a classical guitar concert at the Civic Center on Friday night.  I wondered if you’re free to go.”
“Yeah. I’d like that. Who’s playing?”
“Peter…someone. I’ve forgotten his last name.”
“No matter. I like listening to classical guitar.”
“Good. I’d hate for tickets to go to waste.”
They’d be with another couple. So, it wasn’t like she’d asked him on a real date. It would be the last time she’d suggest doing anything as a couple. She’d put distance between them. By the time she had to leave, they wouldn’t even miss each other.
“They’re picking us up for dinner at six o’clock before we go to the concert,” Lissa said.
“Should I be there at five-forty-five?” he asked.
“That should be about right.”
“I’m looking forward to it. How was your day today?”
He sounded happy that she had called. Did he think she would make a habit of it? 
“My day was good.  It went by fast. I was on-site for a while. How about you?”
“It was productive. An interior decorator placed one of my large pieces with a bank. They’re hanging it in the lobby.”
“Congratulations. I’ll have to stop in and see it.”
They chatted a few more minutes about how the sell came about and Lissa got the location of the bank. She intended to see it the next time she had an errand down Main Street. Despite her distrust of his job, she would freely admit he was a good artist.
After they clicked off, she found Grandma Mandy in the living room, nestled on the sofa, across her legs and lap. She was always bundled up these days, constantly chilled now that it was so close to winter.
She pulled off her reading glasses when Lissa walked in. “How’s Jason?”
“He’s good. He sold a big painting that will hang in a bank lobby.”
Grandma Mandy’s face lit. “That’s wonderful. I’ll tell him how proud I am of him. The poor boy doesn’t have parents who are interested in his life, so I’ve taken over the job. He’s like a grandson to me.”
“He feels the same way about you. You filled the hole in his heart that losing his grandmother made. He had a hard childhood.”
“He certainly did. For all that, he certainly turned out well.”
“He credits you for that.”
“Nonsense. He always had a good heart. If not me, God would have used someone else to reach him. Is he driving you to the concert?”
“No. Mark and Becky are picking us up here.”
“I’d like to meet them. When you talk about them, I’ll be able to imagine their faces.”
“I don’t know what Becky sees in Mark. He a workaholic who ignores her opinions. Also, she’s really pretty.”
“Pretty is as pretty does.”
Lissa laughed at Grandma Mandy’s adage. Still, she’d always found it to be true.
On Friday night, Becky and Mark picked them up for dinner at a popular chain before the concert. When they were seated at their table, Mark told her.
 “The well log analysis you did today looks promising. It seems like we’ll be drilling.”
“Good. With all the data we have coming in, and our increasing well sites, I wonder if they’ll transfer more people here. We’re beginning to be understaffed for the new jobs,” Lissa said.
“I hope so,” Becky said. “Mark’s working every night until seven o’clock.”
Mark gave her a tight smile. “Becky’s been understanding about it.”
Lissa shook her head. “I leave at five-thirty to get home to my grandmother.”
He studied her. “I doubt you’ll always be able to do that. The more responsibility you get, the more time you spend on the job.”
“I know. Still, right now, she’s more important. I’m content to move up the ladder slowly.”
There was nothing she would put ahead of spending time with Grandma Mandy while she could. When she looked back in twenty years, she didn’t want to have regrets. No amount of money would be worth that price.
Jason gazed at Lissa. “It’s all about choices.”
Mark nodded. “Make the wrong one and you can get stuck at the same pay grade for twenty-five years.”
His disapproval annoyed her. He cared more about climbing the work ladder than he did about the people in his life. How did Becky put up with him? Had something in his background made him so callous?
“Tell us about your family,” Lissa told Mark. 
“My mother lives in Denver and my dad is in Houston. They divorced when I was twelve. Mom is a realtor, and my dad is a chemical engineer. I have an older sister who lives in Houston. She’s married with a kid and works as a radiologist. We’re all pretty busy, so we don’t get together much.”
Lissa sighed. “I won’t see my family in Houston until Christmas. My grandmother and I will fly out to see my sister’s new baby. My family is very close. My sister and I shared pretty much everything growing up.”
Mark raised a brow. “Are you older or younger?” 
“Older, by a couple of years.”
“I’d like to go back in time and see the two of you together. You must have been fun to raise,” Jason said.
“I don’t know about that. Girls can be emotional, especially teen-aged ones.”
He shook his head. “I can only imagine.”
“We came up with great ideas together, too. Occasionally, one of us would talk the other into doing something bad. One night, Claire convinced me to sneak out and watch a scary movie after our parents went to bed. We paid for it by not sleeping that night. And we couldn’t go to our parents for comfort.”
Mark chuckled. “Did that teach you not to watch scary shows?”
 “Neither of us likes horror movies now.”
Lissa turned to Becky. “What about you. What’s your family like?”
“Like yours, it seems. I have a little sister. We’ve lived in this area for a long time. My mom and dad own a company that services oil field equipment.”
“Did you like growing up in Farmington?” Lissa asked.
“Only until high school. Then I wished I was in Albuquerque where there was more to do. Then I went to college there and found there were things I didn’t like about the big city.”
Lissa nodded. “I feel the same way about Houston. There’s no easy get-away to quiet, pretty scenery like there is here. Jason and I went on a trail ride a few days ago. It was easy to get out on the land and marvel at the views. Not so in the city.”
Becky smiled. “I didn’t appreciate that until I left.”
She turned to Jason. “What about you? Did you appreciate it growing up?
“I didn’t have anything to compare it to. However, I loved roaming the outdoors. I wouldn’t have been as happy in a big city.”
Their orders arrived and Lissa found the seasoning on the mesquite-grilled chicken perfect, spicy, yet not too hot for her taste. They enjoyed after-dinner lemon cream pie and coffee before heading to the Civic Center.
On the way, they compared tastes in music. Mark said, “Classical guitar. That’s what I’m into.”
“Jason plays guitar,” Lissa offered. 
“What kind?” Mark asked.
“Acoustic. I play pop and gospel. I like most types of music, though,” Jason said.
Mark nodded approval. “When I was a kid, I wanted to learn guitar. I never managed. I didn’t have the attention span.”
“It takes a lot of work,” Jason agreed.
Becky turned in the front seat to ask Lissa, “Are you talented in music?” 
“I don’t play anything. My attempt with piano playing didn’t last long.”
“She has a great singing voice,” Jason said.
Mark glanced at her. “You’re lucky. I can’t carry a tune at all.”
They parked across the street from the building and joined the crowd filing in for seating. Lissa looked around. The room was smaller than any concert hall she’d ever visited. It lent an intimate atmosphere of camaraderie with the audience.
After a short wait, the young guitarist came on stage. He sat informally on a stool while his graceful fingers stroked the strings, coaxing poignant chords. Had he spent most of his life spurred by a passion to practice his instrument? His talent gave her a glimpse of the fulfilment a dedicated musician got from music or Jason got from painting.
When the concert ended, they followed the crowd into a breezy night that had tugged loose the leaves of the purple plum trees in the courtyard.
Mark and Becky strolled hand-in-hand. Jason and Lissa walked beside them. 
“What did you think of the music?” Mark asked.
“It was wonderful. That guy has real talent,” Lissa said.
“I was impressed,” Jason added.
“I guess he’s touring several cities. I wonder what he makes a year.” Becky’s dark hair shone in the glow of the lanterns. Her eyes were pools of dark liquid. She would have been the beauty in high school with which no one else could compete.
Hopefully, he makes a good living. His fingering was excellent. I can’t imagine how much time he puts into practice.” Jason commented. 
Lissa said, “I bet he’s like you. You both started with natural ability. Then, long years of training grew into expertise.”
He smiled at her. “I appreciate the comparison.”
What she didn’t add was that, in art and music, only the top talent made a decent living. The odds were against anyone who chose such a career.
“How about some coffee?” Mark asked. “We could stop at a café.”
“Let’s do,” Becky said. “I’m not ready for the evening to be over.” 
Jason peered at Lissa. “What do you want to do?”
“Coffee would be nice. Let’s go.”
Mark parked at a diner that was open late. Lissa rubbed her hands together to warm them as they walked across the parking lot.
She puffed a breath into the frosty air. “As much as I enjoyed the music, I wouldn’t want to perform for a living. I couldn’t take the stress of building a career.”
Becky chuckled. “Neither could I. If it didn’t go well, you could be dirt poor. I’d hate that when there are so many things to buy.”
Glancing at Jason, Lissa caught him gazing at her. He smiled gently, before looking away. What was he thinking?
In the booth, Becky snuggled next to Mark like a kitten settling into a warm bed. Lissa remembered sitting close to Jason when they’d shared a horse. It had been congenial.
The coffee warmed her and left her pleasantly fatigued. When an hour ticked past, Jason said, “We better get home. I have work to finish tomorrow, so I can take off Sunday morning for church.”
“Church? Wow. Why would you spend time on that? It’s my one morning to sleep late,” Mark said.
“I enjoy it too much to miss and it helps me to get a reminder of who’s in charge,” Jason said.
Mark turned to Lissa. “Do you go, too?”
She nodded. “It’s become a habit since I came here.”
“How about you, Becky? You go to church?” Jason asked.
She shook her head. “My parents were never church-goers.”
“Ever thought about giving it a try?” he asked. “Eternal salvation is important, don’t you think? A church is a good place to learn about it.”
Becky cocked her head. “I’m a pretty good person. I don’t think I have too many worries.”
“Pretty good won’t cut it. Making Jesus Lord of your life and trusting him to cover your sins is the way to salvation.”
Lissa squirmed. She’d never been comfortable with religious discussions and Jason was making her stressed. She wished he would drop the topic before he offended Becky and Mark. Perhaps he didn’t remember she worked with Mark and might reap the fall-out of his zeal. She wasn’t surprised when Mark put a halt to the inquisition.
“It’s late. I think we should go.” He yawned openly.
Lissa rose, eager to escape the awkward situation. She was surprised when Becky turned to Jason and said, “I’ll think about what you said.”
Everyone was quiet on the ride home. The heat in the car lulled Lissa into a stupor. She relaxed, and settled comfortably into the seat, resisting the urge to lean against Jason. His solid frame would be warm and supportive. She wondered if he would mind.
When they pulled into Grandma Mandy’s driveway, Lissa stifled a yawn to say, “Thanks for inviting us. The music was phenomenal.”
“It was great having you along,” Becky assured her.
Lissa could imagine what they would say about Jason’s pushy church talk when they were alone. After waving good-bye, Lissa stood on the driveway with Jason.
“The music was great. Thanks for asking me to come,” he said.
“You’re welcome. It would have been awkward to have made a threesome.”
She headed to the door, not wanting the moment to become intimate. “I didn’t mean for you to buy my supper.”
“I owed you that. You gave me a free ticket. Also, the music inspired me to expand my repertoire.”
She nodded slowly, studying his face in the pale porch light as he gave her a gentle smile and said, “Let me know if I can help again.”
Would he be pushy about religion if they double-dated again?  She doubted they’d get the chance to find out.
She eased toward the door. “I better get back to Grandma Mandy.”
“And out of the cold,” he agreed. 
His voice sounded husky.
Fortunately, it was too late to invite him in. She opened the door and slipped inside.
Grandma Mandy had left a light on in the living room. The rest of the house was dark. It was just as well because, if she was up, Grandma Mandy would have questions about how the foursome had gone. Lissa didn’t want to talk about it. Her feelings were too mixed. Maybe she would feel more sorted in the morning.
CHAPTER SIXTEEN


Lissa pulled on a powder blue sweatsuit and arrived in the kitchen to find Grandma Mandy had made pancakes and bacon for breakfast. The scent made her mouth water as she poured coffee and buttered a short stack. Her grandmother sat huddled in her warm robe and favorite, flowered housecoat as they ladled warm maple syrup on the steaming hotcakes.
“How was the concert?” Grandma Mandy asked.
Lissa chewed her bacon and took a sip of coffee. “It was great. The performer was talented, and Becky was a good company. I don’t know what she sees in Mark. He can be very condescending.”
She hesitated. Should she tell Grandma Mandy about Jason’s uninvited excursion into evangelism? She probably wouldn’t believe he’d been pushy.  It was better not to bring it up.
“Was the guitarist better than Jason?”
Lissa grinned. Grandma Mandy overestimated talent in those she loved. It was one of her most endearing traits. Lissa and Claire had been the beneficiaries of this support. No matter what they tried, from ballet to swimming, she thought they were the best.
“I know you don’t think anyone is better than Jason. However, this guitarist is a professional. So, yes, he is better than Jason.”
“Not by much, I bet.” Grandma Mandy raised a brow. “Do Mark and Jason have much in common?”
Lissa shook her head. “They’re opposites. Mark is focused on his career and how to get ahead. Jason spends his days using his imagination. How can he relate to those of us in the real world?”
Grandma Mandy creased her brow. “He’s a businessman, also. He has to order supplies and contact clients and keep records. It’s not all painting pretty pictures.”
Lissa chewed her bacon as she thought. “Maybe it’s a personality difference. Mark cares more about success. Jason is interested in people and nature and having fun.”
Grandma Mandy studied her. “Who would you prefer?”
“Between those two, Jason. Mark can be annoying. Still, I understand his focus. He puts in long hours with the thought it will pay off in the long run.”
Grandma Mandy paused and Lissa knew she was choosing her wording. “I don’t mean to be critical. Yet, it sounds worldly to me.”
Didn’t Grandma Mandy understand it took self-discipline to deny tempting pastimes and concentrate on productive work that would always be needed? Art and music were wonderful, yet not essential.
Lissa frowned. “What if everyone did whatever they wanted? What if all the doctors, accountants, and teachers decided to wander the country painting pictures?  What about the farmers? We’d starve.”
“That’s not what I’m saying. God blesses work. Adam and Eve worked in the Garden of Eden. Yet, our labor shouldn’t be everything.”
Lissa couldn’t remember a time when the drive for accomplishment didn’t consume her. In school, it was for good grades. In her job, it was for promotions and approval. Grandma Mandy should be proud of her instead of critical. After all, Grandma hadn’t grown-up trying to please a mother who demanded perfection.
“You had a good time when you went horseback riding with Jason, didn’t you?” Grandma Mandy asked. “Her gray-green eyes pinned Lissa, demanding the truth.
Lissa shivered. The heater hadn’t had time to chase away the morning chill. She reached for another pancake and bestowed a fat dollop of butter. She watched as it melted, sliding like hot lava across the top. “I don’t have much free time and I don’t see a future for us as more than friends.”
“Do you think he hopes for more?”
Lissa speared a bite. “I don’t know. He’s never asked me on a real date.”
A relationship between the two of them wouldn’t work. Yet, she enjoyed his company way more than she should. Annoyed with herself, she finished her food and helped Grandma Mandy clean up the kitchen. Then, she trod to the front yard to rake leaves.
As though drawn by their conversation, Jason stopped by as she began raking the rainbow of red, yellow, and orange leaves into a pile. Her heart stammered as she thought about feelings for him that her conversation with Grandma Mandy had evoked. Jason was good company, and she didn’t want to lose him as a friend. If he didn’t push the relationship, couldn’t things go on as they were now?
He grinned as he approached. The cleft in his chin gave him a rugged appearance. She tried not to notice his eyes matched the blue of the sky, while his hair reflected the color of the sun.
“I see Mandy put you to work.”
She smiled in return. “I’m a volunteer.”
“I’ve always admired those who give of their time. May I be of assistance?”
He gave an exaggerated bow. His front lock of blond hair fell over his forehead. When he stood, it gave him a boyish appearance.
She paused in her raking. “I don’t think you came over to spend the morning raking leaves.”
She wouldn’t admit she would look forward to his company. It was too dangerous. His engaging smile had a way of breaking her defenses. Yet she couldn’t afford to fall in love with a man who might end up being a financial burden all of her life.
“I told Mandy we’d visit an art supply store for what she needs to begin her painting career.”
“If it’s a career at stake, you’d better stick with the schedule.” He wasn’t seeking her company. He’d come to see Grandma Mandy. She should feel relieved. Why couldn’t she control her errant ego?
She took a deep breath of the crisp fall air, laced with the scent of damp leaves. The sky was deep blue, and the sun slanted down on the driveway, making long shadows of bare tree branches. She wondered what December would bring. Grandma Mandy told her they’d likely have pleasant temperatures until then. After that, the bitter cold would hit.
Jason lingered, so Lissa said, “The store can wait. Mandy won’t mind if I help for a while.”
“All right. There’s an extra rake in there.”
She nodded toward the open garage.
Jason wandered inside and returned with the tool. Since Grandma Mandy hardly kept anything except cars in there, things were easy to find. Lissa wondered if it had been full of tools when Granddad
was alive. Knowing Grandma Mandy’s penchant for keeping things simple, she would have let go of anything she wasn’t using.
Jason hummed softly as he drew leaves into his pile. Lissa finished stuffing the bag she’d started and began to rake a new spot. She didn’t realize her vigor until she heard Jason chuckle. “You are competitive, aren’t you, because it seems like you want to get a bigger pile than mine as fast as you can.”
She opened her mouth to disagree, and then, shut it. Wasn’t that exactly what she was doing?  She had to prove she could keep up with him, and she had no idea why.
“You’re right. I like to win.”
“Will you relax if I promise to let you win?”
“I don’t know if I can, but I’ll try.” Years of turning every activity into a contest lay behind her. How often had she raced against people who didn’t know they were her rival? It seemed silly, yet Jason hadn’t made fun of her. He’d simply offered to let her win. He was a nice guy. Too bad he had an uncertain future.
“I noticed you have some dots tattooed on your hand. What does it mean?” she asked. 
Jason paused his rake. “I told you my grandmother raised me when my parents left. When I was fourteen, she got sick and had to go to the hospital. There was no one to take care of me, so I went into foster care. It was a terrible experience. I didn’t feel like I belonged in any of the families I cycled through. I didn’t cope well. I stole a car and went for a joy ride. I went to a detention center. While I was there, I let a guy put the jail tattoo on my hand. It was a low point in my life.”
“Why did you steal the car?”
“I don’t know. I’ve been told I was acting out. Life hadn’t been fair and I was angry. I thought if I was bad and tough enough, I’d hurt less. When my grandma got well, I went back with her. What I had done while she was away hurt her. She prayed for me a lot. Soon, I began to change. I graduated from high school and went to a community college. I worked as an EMT to pay for it. One day, I met a street preacher standing on the corner near the fire station. The things he said touched my heart. Not long afterward, I met your Grandma Mandy and became a believer. I’m glad my grandma lived long enough to see it.”
Lissa wiped tears from her eyes. “You certainly did a turn-around.”
A soft smile lit Jason’s face. “I couldn’t have done it without the Lord.”
Lissa thought about his story while they finished the job. His struggle had pushed him toward God. Had her drive for perfection pushed her away?
When the trashcan was full, they put away the rakes and went inside to sip cool, sweet tea. Grandma Mandy sat at the table peeling potatoes for supper. Lissa gave her an impulsive hug.
Grandma Mandy studied her curiously. “What was that for?”
“Because I love you and I don’t think I appreciate you enough.”
Grinning, Mandy said, “Thank you, honey. I’m going to have you rake leaves every day.” Then she asked Jason, “Would you like to come to supper tonight?”
“I would. But I have a painting to finish. Maybe I can get a rain check.”
“Sure, anytime.”
The answer surprised Lissa since it was the first time he’d ever turned down an invitation. Why didn’t he choose to stay? He usually grasped opportunities to be with her. Was he losing interest?
Jason set his empty glass on the counter and asked Lissa. “Do you want to join us to shop for art supplies?”
She shook her head. “No thanks. I have no basis to advise you as to what you should buy. I’d be no help.”
Grandma Mandy harrumphed. “She has a secret agenda to get me out of the house and do all the chores. She mops and vacuums for me every Saturday. I’ve become so spoiled, I‘ve forgotten how to clean my house.”
Jason gave her a wicked grin. “You can come to my place and reacquaint yourself with those tools.”
“No way. I’m about to become a famous artist.”
Lissa smiled as she watched their easy camaraderie. Jason was good to her grandmother, and for that, she was grateful.
The next day, Lissa had to recommend a cementing technique on a well they had dug and present a new list of zones to be tested. Before the team assembled, she met with Mark to talk about the method of perforation and the breakdown procedures.
She rapped on the open door and stepped into Mark’s office. He set down his mug as his dark eyes skimmed her. “I’ve been going over my data. So, let’s see what you came up with.”
She pointed to a spot on a graph. “This looks like the depth we want to go and we have shale. So that’s good.”
“I say we go eighty-five feet.”
 “Sounds about right.”
Mark knitted his brows. “Did you stay late to work this up?”
“No. I did it at home last night.”
He smiled. “That’s the way. You have to be devoted to earn promotions. You have to serve your time. I’ve been worried about all the time you take with your grandmother. You can’t let relationships stand in your way.”
Lissa stared at Mark. Surely, he was the most callous man she’d ever met. “Is that how you feel about Becky?”
He blinked quickly, looking taken aback. “Becky understands my hard work is for both of us. It will make a good life for her.”
She bit back a caustic reply. Offending him would make working together awkward. She met his gaze. “I may not get another chance to enjoy my grandmother’s company when I transfer. I have many more years to spend at work.”
When she returned to her office, she was still stewing about Mark’s words. Could Becky be happy with a man who put her second to his job?
After the meeting, she drove home, fighting melancholy caused by Mark’s advice. Did she want to move back and devote herself solely to her job? She shivered as she envisioned a solitary life spent in an office each evening. Was that the price of success?
She pushed the conversation with Mark to the back of her mind when she smelled the pot roast and vegetables that had roasted in the oven to become tender. A fresh, lemon glazed Bundt cake graced the kitchen counter nearest the oven. Its golden tint promised the perfect combination of sweet and tart.
“You’re going to spoil me with your good cooking,” she told Grandma Mandy as she stirred a pot of gravy on the stove.
She winked at Lissa. “I can only imagine what you career women eat when you’re on your own. As long as you’re under my roof, I’ll feed you right. You’ll have plenty of vegetables mixed into your meals. That’s the old-fashioned way of cooking. When I was a kid, we didn’t skip breakfast. We ate oatmeal almost every morning. Now, we find out it’s one of the most healthful foods there is.”
“I’m convinced. Oatmeal for me tomorrow,” Lissa said. “It wasn’t her favorite breakfast, yet she downed it several times a week to please Grandma Mandy. Reducing her cholesterol was a side benefit.”
“How about a movie after supper tonight?” Lissa suggested. “We could sip hot tea and warm up under your quilts.” 
She wanted a distraction from the dismal thoughts that plagued her on the way home. Losing herself in the drama of someone else’s life seemed a good way to do it.
Grandma Mandy poured the thick brown gravy into a blue and white, Pennsylvania Dutch bowl. “What do you want to watch?”
Lissa carried a larger bowl containing carrots and potatoes to the table. They would be flavorful, having steeped all afternoon in the gravy of the roast. “How about an adventure?”
“As long as it’s not too exciting. You don’t want to keep an old woman awake.”
Lissa laughed. “You’re the one who got me hooked on adventure. You bought me a set of novels when I was ten. I read them and wanted more.”
“You read so fast, I couldn’t keep up with you. We went to the library every two weeks.” 
Lissa took her place at the table. “I remember. Mom was too busy, so you filled in.”
“I loved those days with you and Claire when I got to be part of your lives.”
“So, did we.”
Grandma Mandy offered a blessing, and they began to eat. Just before they dug into the cake, Lissa’s phone rang. It was Patti, the young woman she’d met at Sunday school the first week she arrived.
“Our class is having a bowling night on Friday, and we hope you can come.”
“It sounds like fun. I’m not a good bowler, though. The last time I bowled, I hardly knocked over any pins.”
Patti chuckled. “I’m not any good, either.  No one cares. It’s all for fun. “
“I’ll see if my grandmother minds. I spend as much time as I can with her. I don’t know how long my job will keep me here.”
“Well, come if you can. And ask Jason, would you? Why don’t you bring your grandmother, too? We’d be happy to have her. She doesn’t have to bowl. She could come along to visit.”  Patti gushed rapidly, obviously enthused by her ideas.
“I’ll see if my grandmother wants to come.” Lissa wasn’t sure what to do about Jason. If she called him, would he think she wanted him to take her? Nothing was further from the truth. She wished to avoid any appearance of dating. It would be awkward for the class to believe they were a couple. Yet, Patti certainly believed they were in close contact.
They spoke a few more minutes about the details of the bowling party. By then, Lissa had thought of the solution to her problem. Grandma Mandy could invite Jason to the bowling social. Lissa didn’t plan to go. She didn’t particularly like to bowl, nor did she want to spend time making friends with people she’d not see again after she left.
After all, friends came and went. It was rare to stay in touch. Though she wouldn’t sacrifice time with Grandma Mandy, why spend time nurturing a friendship instead of spending it on her job?
Her plans disintegrated when Jason called a few moments later. He was, inadvertently, a step ahead. “I ran into a guy from church today and he told me
about a bowling night with the Sunday school class on Friday. I thought you might be interested in getting to know some of the members better. They’re a fun bunch whether you bowl well or not.”
“Patti just told me about it. I’m not sure it’s worth getting to know people who won’t remember me after I move back.”
“Making friends isn’t a waste. You never know what impact you might have on them, or they on you.  Some people I knew only a short while have had a huge impact on my life.”
“I’m a geologist. I’m not likely to be a life-changing influence.”
“It’s not the job that matters. It’s who you are and how much you care. Do you care about people?”
Lissa’s heart clenched at the question. “Of course I care. I make an automatic withdrawal to my paycheck each year for the charity my company sponsors.”
Wasn’t that proof? It wasn’t her fault she wasn’t down in the trenches in a war-torn, poverty-stricken country. Someone had to make the money to send to them.
Instead of dropping it, Jason said, “That’s great. Yet it’s on an impersonal level. I’m talking about people in your everyday life. They’re all around you
needing love and support. Do you see them?”
His last question was soft, like a whisper of wind blowing into her heart. Yet it carried an accusation that raised her defenses. Who was he to judge whether she went out of her way to give enough of herself?
“I don’t have time to sit around drinking coffee and listening to people un-burden themselves. I have an eight-to-five job and a grandmother who enjoys my company. There’s not a lot of time left over.”
She heard him sigh. Then he said, “I’ve hurt your feelings, and that’s certainly no way to change your heart. I meant it as a constructive suggestion, not to put a wall between us. If not for the handful of people who’d taken an interest in me when I was a hurting teen, my life could have easily continued on a destructive path.”
At her silence, he said, “I’m only saying you should be open to making friends while you’re here. People need each other. You might need them someday.”
“At the moment, what I need is time for my grandmother and my job.”
Mark’s unwelcome advice floated back to her. If she wasn’t willing to make sacrifices of working extra on her own time, she wouldn’t get ahead. Getting involved with a Sunday school class outside of Sunday would not enable her to put in the time she needed to get promotions.
“If you change your mind, I’ll be going. I’d be glad to pick you up.”
“Thanks. I won’t be able to make it.”
Exasperated, she hung up. Jason didn’t understand how the business world worked.
“I don’t want to go bowling. I’ve never been a fan of it,” Lissa told Grandma Mandy.
“It’s not the bowling that matters. It’s getting out and having fun. These young people would be good for you.”
Lissa sighed. “I see them in class most weeks. It’s a waste of time to do more since I won’t be here long enough to make eternal friends. They’ll forget about me when I transfer.”
“Maybe not. I still keep up with people I knew in Houston.  I’m very close to some of them.”
“I know, but I don’t have a lot of time.” No one seemed to realize how much it took out of her to relax with people she didn’t know well. The last thing she wanted was for Jason to play the go-between, for that was surely what he would do. His “holier than thou” criticism still smarted. It wasn’t that she was unconcerned about other people’s problems. She simply didn’t have the time or inclination to deal with them. She had a millstone no one knew about tied around her neck and it was heavy for her to carry.
Nonetheless, Grandma Mandy wasn’t to be dissuaded. “I have a fudge, cookie bar, recipe I want to try. Won’t you take them and stay just a little while? You don’t have to bowl, just tell me how everyone likes the cookies. It makes too many for us to eat.”
“We could take them to a nursing home.”
Grandma Mandy shook her head. “It’s a sweet idea. Yet, there are people there on special diets. I think the young folks would make better guinea pigs.”
Lissa knew the cookie bars were going to appear on the day of the outing. In order not to waste them, Lissa was going to have to go. For Grandma Mandy’s sake, she would grit her teeth and join the class. Perhaps Grandma Mandy was right, and she might make a good friend.
However, she would go on her own, and not with Jason. Too many people already thought they were together. She wouldn’t further the misconception by arriving with him.
She threw up her hands. “You win. I’ll go and take dessert. Who knows? I might learn to bowl. “
Grandma Mandy grinned. “You might even join a team; get cute little matching shirts and your own ball.”
Lissa continued the fantasy. “I could write a team song and a cheer.”
She sighed. So much for avoiding Jason. He would be at the party. What if he was offended by her reaction to his criticism? It would be awkward if he didn’t speak to her. She relied on his friendship as a buffer between herself and the rest of the class. If he avoided her, she couldn’t smile and nod and contribute tidbits to whatever conversation he had going. She would be on her own.
CHAPTER SEVENTEEN


When Saturday night arrived, Lissa accepted Grandma Mandy’s cookies and set off for the bowling alley. She wore comfortable jeans and a warm sweater under her coat. Even so, the frigid night made her shiver. The stars glittered as though taunting the waning moon.
She parked and carried the dessert toward the building. The neon sign blinked a welcome and Lissa’s stomach tightened. She pushed open the door and smelled burrito spices and hot dogs. Had some members of the class come early to eat?
She spotted Jason at one of the lanes with a few members of the class. Patti was leaving the eatery. She opted to talk to Patti.
The blond greeted her. “What did you bring?”
“My grandmother made cookie bars.”
Patti’s blue eyes lit. “Great. I just grabbed a hot dog. I got off work late and didn’t have time to make anything. I’m still hungry.”
Lissa glanced around. “Where should I put them?”
Patti gestured to where the class was gathering. “There’s a table in our bowling area. I need to rent shoes. Do you?”
Lissa glanced down at the leather pumps she was wearing. “Yes. I don’t own any. I guess we’re both renting.”
Lissa was glad for Patti’s company. It would be easier to join the group with this vivacious woman beside her.
They stopped at the rental booth. Lissa caught her lip between her teeth. “I’m not sure what size I wear.  I’ll try my shoe size, I guess.”
When they had their shoes fit, they joined the class. Lissa set the cookie bars on the round table between the benches. When she pulled back the wrap, the perfect chocolate squares lay in fudgy temptation.
Jason strolled over.
Lissa drew a quick breath and said, “Grandma made these. She had a new recipe she wanted to try.”
Jason peered at them. “I’ve tasted Mandy’s desserts. They’re great. When she made a three-layer coconut cake for our Easter social I could have eaten the whole thing by myself.”
A red-haired man Lissa remembered as Ron laughed. “You almost did eat it all yourself. If it hadn’t been for the barbecue to distract you, none of us would have gotten a taste.”
Ron laughed as he turned to Lissa. “Better get your grandma’s new recipe. Jason will be yours forever.”
Lissa felt her cheeks heat as she mustered a smile. This was the problem with going to Sunday school each week with Jason. She hadn’t known anyone when she first arrived. He’d helped her make a new life here. Now, everyone thought he was her boyfriend. She had to distance herself and dispel the assumption since neither of them wanted a relationship. Being treated as a couple was awkward.
Lissa ended up with a light, purple ball. At least she wouldn’t be dropping a heavy one on her toes. As she waited her turn to be the sixth out of the eight bowlers, she hoped she didn’t embarrass
herself with the alley every time. She studied the stance of each person. When it was Jason’s turn, she watched his smooth stride and the ease with which he tossed the ball. He knocked down eight pins on the first try and the two left on the second.
She joined in congratulating him. When it was her turn, she paced to the line and released the ball. She managed to knock two pins off the end. The next roll sent the ball into the gutter. 
Though her effort was met by encouraging words, she feared her embarrassment showed. The only consolation was Patti’s ball made a trip to the gutter on the first roll and two pins down on the second. As the game progressed, it became evident the better bowlers were Jason, Ron, and a woman named Beth. Between turns, Lissa talked with Patti. She’d thought of her as a pretty, carefree, woman without much depth. The revelations she received surprised her. 
Patti said, “I’ve been raising a kid with the help of my mom for the last two years. My husband walked out and left us with nothing. I don’t like living with my mom. We don’t have a great relationship. When I was little, she was too caught up
with dates and living her own life to concentrate on raising me. Still, I don’t have much choice. I don’t have enough money for an apartment. I work a day job as a photo clerk and go to school two nights a week to become a medical transcriptionist. I want to work from home so my baby boy won’t have to grow up without me.”
“I understand,” Lissa said. “My mom used to work long hours. My grandmother picked us up from school. Once, when she couldn’t make it, my mom had us walk home. I was scared someone would kidnap us.”
Patti nodded. “My mom paid more attention to the dog than she did to me. She was always too busy to help with my homework.” 
Her expression dimmed at the memory. 
Lissa’s heart went out to the neglected girl. “You’ll be a great mom to your son. You’ll know what to do differently. You’ll make sure he knows he’s a top priority in your life.”
“Thanks, Lissa. “You’re the first person who has told me I can do well with Patrick, that I’ll be a good mom.” 
Tears glittered in Patti’s eyes. Lissa would never have guessed this flighty young woman who was friendly to everyone had a care in the world. 
Now that she’d misjudged Patti, Lissa realized something about herself. She was no better than kids in high school who’d labeled Lissa as snobbish when truly she was shy. The only time she didn’t feel awkward was when she sang. She could stand in front of an audience and express herself as she let her voice soar.
It was Lissa’s turn to bowl, so she left Patti with the comfort she was able to give. She regretted how, until now, she’d overlooked her needs.
They finished two games, with Lissa scoring lowest of all. It didn’t bother her as much as it would have in the past. She was more concerned with Patti than with her totals. 
When they finished the games, the group broke up and said good-night. Jason caught her arm on the way to the door and whispered. “I overheard some of what you said to Patti. She won’t forget your encouragement. It was what I was talking about on the phone.”
She stared up at him. His gaze was kind. “So I’m not rotten and uncaring?”
He grimaced. “I never meant to imply that. You’re a kind person. Sometimes you sell yourself short. You were a good friend to Patti tonight.”
“I don’t think we’ll become inseparable.”
“Maybe not. Still, you were available to her when she needed you. Maybe you’ll let people be there for you when you need them, too. You don’t have to conquer life all on your own.”
His words were soft, almost caressing. His gaze was tender as he stared into her face. Lissa swallowed hard. Could she let herself trust someone the way Jason was suggesting? It was something she would think about.
On the way home from bowling, she wondered why it was hard for her to confide in people the way
Patti had with her. It wasn’t merely a lack of trust. She couldn’t stand seeming pathetic; of having people think she was weak. Jason had hinted she was arrogant and self-centered. Lissa uttered a mirthless laugh. She’d struggled with a lack of confidence all her life. Nonetheless, she supposed her protective mechanism could be misconstrued as indifference.
She reminded herself she didn’t care what Jason thought of her. It had been silly to be pleased by his praise for listening to Patti. He should improve his faults before pointing out hers. He was far too distractible, and he was wasting a good mind.
She wasn’t surprised to find her grandmother still awake when she got home. Grandma Mandy had a patch-work quilt pulled over her lap and was sitting on the sofa reading. The soft light from the lamp softened the creases in her face. She set down her book. “How did bowling go?”
She smiled as she thought of how much her grandmother had wanted her to have a good time. When they were children, Grandma Mandy had often dropped Lissa or Claire off at birthday parties. She’d always wanted to know all about it when she’d picked them up.
“I didn’t do well. Your cookie bars were a big hit, though.”
“Baking is easy. Bowling is tricky unless you practice. I haven’t tried it in years. But you bowling well wasn’t as important as having a good time.  Did you have fun?”
Lissa sat beside her. “I got to know one of the women better. We’ve both had bad love experiences.”
“I’m sure it helped you both to share. When I lost your granddad, widows were my best source of comfort. I try to remember their help when one of my friends loses a spouse.”
“Jason doesn’t think I care about anything except for my job.  I’m not a people person like he is.”
“You don’t have to be a people person. You just need to listen when someone needs you. When I was your age, I was absorbed in my own life. I didn’t take much interest in the problems of others. Then I started seeing how much pain was in the world and I wanted to help.”
“I never know the right thing to say. With Patti, I mostly listened. “
Grandma Mandy nodded. “That’s what folks need, someone to hear them and care how they’re feeling. They’ll work the rest out themselves.”
Lissa leaned to kiss Grandma Mandy on the cheek. “You’ve always been a good listener for me.”
“It’s good for you to share your problems. Sometimes, you keep too much inside.”
Lissa nodded. “I know. It’s a habit I’m trying to break.”
She glanced at the circular, walnut clock hanging on the wall. The time showed ten o’clock and Lissa was weary. She needed a night’s sleep to sort out her feelings. She’d focused on herself and her feelings of inadequacy and never realized other people had fear and pain, too. If someone needed a shoulder to cry on, she would lend it. She knew what it felt like to cry.
The next morning, she awoke and counted down the list of chores to be done. December had blown in with a brisk wind. Grandma Mandy had two peach trees that needed trimming now that the sap had gone down. Lissa would get that done before working on laundry and chores she saved for her day off. If all went well, she’d manage a jog around the neighborhood in the afternoon.
CHAPTER EIGHTEEN


Jason splashed aftershave on his face in anticipation of spending an evening singing with Lissa. He had to guard his heart against the dark-haired pixie and her single focus on her career. Yet, he sensed she was conflicted. When she relaxed, he saw a side of her that was spontaneous and creative. He liked it. A lot. 
He wanted to draw her further into the life of the church and see if it would help break down the barrier she’d put up with God. He wasn’t an absent Father, but rather, abiding in the hearts of his children. The verse from James 8:4 came to mind. “Come near to God and He will come near to you.”  This was what Jason prayed for Lissa.
He put on his coat and headed into a night that was still and cold. The air smelled of firewood burning in chimneys. Jason liked to imagine families huddled in the living room near the glowing fireplace reading or talking, perhaps just watching the fire. It was a romantic notion and one he’d never experienced. However, he hoped to create just such a memory with his own children one day.
He drove the few blocks to Mandy’s house. He wondered if she’d listen in on their practice. Music gave her pleasure. He owed her a concert after making her listen to him rant about a tube of poor-quality paint he’d bought. Complaining when his flow was interrupted was a flaw he struggled with.
He shook his head at the memory. He’d never conquer all of his bad habits no matter how hard he tried. He was thankful God loved him in spite of them.
Lissa opened the door when he arrived. The baby blue crushed velvet top and tan slacks she wore became her figure. To distract himself, he concentrated on her face, only to fall prey to her sea-green eyes. It was useless to pretend he didn’t find her attractive. He reminded himself that, besides the barriers of work and faith, she had no interest in him.
Lissa gestured to the coffee table where a pitcher of tea, two glasses with ice, and a plate of chocolate chip cookies lay. “Grandma Mandy decided we might need a break to fortify ourselves.”
Jason took in the spread and grinned. “I’m feeling weak already.” 
“Help yourself. I’ve already had two cookies.”
Jason savored the chewy delight while he took his guitar from the case. He wiped his hands on a napkin and warmed up with the first notes of “O Holy Night,” while Lissa hummed along. 
When they were ready to follow the music, Lissa said, “I can’t believe I let you talk me into singing at church. I haven’t performed in years. I’m going to be so nervous.”
“You’ll be okay once you get started. God gave you a beautiful voice. You should share it.”
“You don’t sound too bad yourself. I got goosebumps the last time I heard you sing.”
He grinned at her. “Goosebumps, huh? You sure you weren’t scared?”
She rolled her eyes. 
“Ready when you are,” he said.
They launched into the song.  It went smoothly. When they finished, they heard Grandma Mandy clapping from the kitchen. 
Lissa smiled at Jason. “She’s not a very critical audience.”
“Neither is the church family. They’ll still love us if we mess up.”
Lissa bit her lip. “In high school, there was always rivalry for the best parts, someone who was glad for you to fail, and to say she could have done it better. This time, there’s no competition, nothing to gain except giving joy to others. It feels good.”
“Are you comfortable with just my guitar and no backing track?” Jason asked. 
“Absolutely. You’re very talented. It sounded good.”
“Want to go at it again? I need to pick up the tempo in the middle.” 
“Sure.”
Encased in the intimacy of the warm parlor they ran through it two more times. Grandma Mandy didn’t clap. Yet she was surely listening.
When they finished, Lissa poured tea while Jason put his guitar in the case. Then, she set two cookies on each plate. “Better eat a couple more of these. Otherwise, Grandma Mandy will have her feelings hurt.”
Jason accepted the plate. “I could never let that happen, especially since I already know how these taste.”
“I missed her baking after she and granddad moved here. My mother bought packaged desserts, but they were never as good. I think it was the love that was missing.”
“You could be right. My grandmother never baked much. She worked full-time when I first came to her. I learned how to open cans and work the microwave. Still, she loved me and did her best to take care of me.”
“She must have been proud of the way you turned your life around after she got out of the hospital.”
“I’m grateful she lived long enough to see me come to my senses. I can’t think of anything much worse than to pour your love into a child and have him destroy his life. I know it broke her heart.”
The pain on his face made Lissa sorry she’d brought up the subject. Still, Jason had the peace of knowing it was behind him. Lissa still needed closure for all the years she’d tried to be the perfect daughter. If her mother knew what she’d done, it might splinter the careful balance of their relationship.  Neither of her parents would understand. Her face heated at the memory.
They lingered together after finishing their tea, enjoying the easy camaraderie they shared. They talked about music, and art, and favorite books until ten o’clock. By then, Lissa was beginning to feel sleepy.
“I had fun practicing. I hope you did, too,” Jason said.
“I did. I felt more alive than I have in a long time. I guess I missed it. I haven’t made much time for fun in the last few years.”
“Everybody needs to unwind every once in a while.”
Lissa studied his gentle smile and wondered how it would feel to nestle in his arms and feel warm and secure. He was strong and well-toned. She discovered this from riding behind him on a horse. 
Her cheeks warmed from her errant thoughts. Yet, she wrote it off to fatigue. Thankfully, he couldn’t read her mind.
He stood. “I should be going. I don’t want to wear out my welcome. I appreciate you agreeing to step in like this.”
“My pleasure. I’ll keep practicing until we meet next Tuesday. By then, Grandma will be tired of hearing me.”
“Not with your voice. You sing like an angel,” Grandma Mandy called out. 
Lissa laughed. “You need to sleep. You’re hallucinating. Thanks, though.”
She walked Jason to the porch, shivering when the wind whipped through the door and wrapped her in a frosty blanket. She shut it quickly after he started down the walkway. Why did she allow herself to be attracted to him? He was rugged and blond, and definitely handsome. But she’d decided long ago she would fall in love with a man with a secure job. There was too much at stake to let her heart betray her.
Grandma Mandy was sitting in the nook, sipping hot tea at the kitchen table. She smiled at Lissa. “Did the practice go well?”
Lissa paused, giving it some thought. “I think so. Did you think we did okay?”
Eyes misty, Grandma Mandy said, “You sound beautiful together. Your voices blend well.”
Lissa remembered his baritone, rich with masculine charm. It sounded good with her second soprano, even though she should never have agreed to sing with him. This would further convince the church there was something between them. She could imagine the comments about being the perfect couple.
Interrupting her thoughts, Grandma Mandy said, “I noticed Jason stayed after you finished with the music. Were you having fun?”
“He’s easy to talk to. We have a lot in common with music, books, and movies. There’s more to him than I thought at first. He’s smart. It’s too bad he had such a hard adolescence. He has some scars.”
Grandma Mandy grimaced. “I don’t think anyone graduates adolescence without scars. Even growing up in the old days, I got a few, too.”
“Do we ever get over them? It seems like Jason’s done pretty well with his.  I have a few I still struggle with,” Lissa said.
Grandma Mandy patted the seat beside her. “Come and sit a minute. I’ve sensed something’s been bothering you for a long time. Are you ready to talk about it?”
Lissa swallowed hard. If there was anyone she could be honest with, it was her grandmother. Yet she’d grown so used to holding it tightly inside, she didn’t know if she could let it go. What if Grandma Mandy was shocked? She might never think of her the same way again. She clasped her hands together as tears sprang to her eyes.
“I don’t know.” Her words came out in a whisper.
Grandma Mandy’s astute gaze didn’t leave her face. “I won’t think less of you, honey. I promise. Would it help if I told you I stole a candy bar from the drugstore when I was five years old? My mother made me take it back and apologize. I was terribly embarrassed. I can still remember how I felt. I knew I must be the worst little girl in the world. I didn’t feel cleansed until I accepted Jesus.”
Lissa chocked back a sob. “This is worse than stealing a candy bar.”
Patting her shoulder, Grandma Mandy said, “Why don’t you get it out? You’ve held it inside long enough.”
Lissa took a deep breath, willing herself to speak. Still, the words wouldn’t come. She’d told herself it never would have happened if she hadn’t been under such pressure. She’d needed to keep her average high to get a scholarship. Yet, she’d known it was wrong and she’d done it anyway.
“I cheated all during my senior year to get a good grade in history. I was working hard to make A’s in advanced physics and calculus. I didn’t have time for all my other classes. I didn’t want my mom to be disappointed if my grades went down. A friend worked as an aide for the history teacher and copied the test questions for me, even the finals. In return, I went on a double date to the prom with her twin brother who had no social skills. The scholarship I got for college was based partly on my deceit.”
Lissa stared at her hands lying in her lap. She expected Grandma Mandy to say something. Yet a long minute stretched in silence. Finally, she forced her gaze to Grandma Mandy’s face, dreading the displeasure she might see.
Instead, tears shone in her eyes. “You had grueling expectations for yourself. It’s not an excuse, but it is a reason. You’ve suffered remorse all these years. Yet, there’s nothing you can do to fix this. You have to let it go and move on. We all make mistakes. Clinging to shame will only make you its prisoner. Pray for forgiveness and healing. God can give you peace.”
Hot tears rolled down Lissa’s cheeks. “I’m glad you don’t hate me. I can only imagine what my mother would have said.”
“It’s not about me, or your mother. This is about you finding grace and forgiveness for past misconduct. You’re not the first person to do wrong. You have a choice. Wallow in guilt or be free of it.”
“I want to be free. Do you think I should tell Mom?”
“It wasn’t a sin against your mother.  She’s not who you need to talk to.”
Lissa knew Grandma Mandy meant for her to go to God for forgiveness. Yet she wasn’t spiritual like her grandmother. God probably wouldn’t even be listening.
She wiped her eyes with a napkin. “I’m glad I finally told someone. I’ve felt like a terrible person.”
Grandma Mandy patted her hand. “You made a mistake, but you’re not terrible. Get some sleep and think about what I said.”
Lissa nodded. She would think about it. If she felt God would listen, she might even pray.
CHAPTER NINETEEN


On Sunday morning, sunlight played along the stained-glass windows lighting the Last Supper. Lissa wondered if the disciples had any idea how their lives were about to change. They had been followers of a rogue teacher. The Jewish authorities had become uncomfortable with His teaching. When He was executed, the disciples hid. Lissa would have hidden, too. Her question was whether she would have come out of hiding. She doubted she could ever be that brave. She’d cringed when Jason tried to talk to Becky about Jesus.
She couldn’t believe she’d told Grandma Mandy about cheating. Though her reaction had been comforting, Lissa was still an imposter, sitting in church pretending to be Snow White when she was dirty for what she had done. 
She supposed she’d always carry this stain. There was no way to go back and undo the fraud she’d committed. Grandma Mandy had spoken about forgiveness. Would God pardon her and wipe the slate clean? Surely, He would want something in return. She would have to give over control of her life.
She wasn’t sure she could do it. What if God asked for a sacrifice worse than carrying the burden she’d bourn?
She was still contemplating the choice when the service ended. On the way to Sunday school, Jason commented on her silence. “You seem preoccupied. Is something on your mind?”
“Grandma Mandy and I were talking last night about the comfort of forgiveness. I think the price could be high. Giving over your life to God is risky. He could call you to all sorts of work that would make you miserable.”
She looked into Jason’s eyes and wondered if he sensed the depth of her distress. Her spirit was in turmoil. She wouldn’t find relief until she found she could trust God to desire good and not harm.
He took her hands. “God doesn’t want to make you unhappy. He wants us to trust that His choices are better than those we make for ourselves. He’s smarter than we are. I learned that a long time ago.”
“You’re happy with the life He’s given you. I might be called to give up everything and live in the jungle. I’d hate it.”
“God won’t call you to something you have no gift for. He’ll show you your passion and help you use it to serve Him. He doesn’t want to punish you. He wants to bless you.”
Jason and Grandma Mandy’s idea of God was different than what Lissa had formed. If what they said was true, she had no reason not to turn to God, ask forgiveness, and agree to follow Him. Yet a small doubt remained. What if she bought-in and it backfired?
“I’ll think about it,” she promised.
Jason’s gaze held her captive. “You have nothing to lose and everything to gain.”
The conversation had turned too intimate. Needing space, Lissa glanced down the hall. “We’d better go. We’ll miss the beginning of class.”
Jason nodded, as though he sensed her desperation to escape. She wanted to believe him. Yet, she’d never had that experience. Everyone who did a favor wanted something in return. 
They began walking down the corridor, passing doorways until they reached the singles’ class. The group was still mingling at the refreshments. Lissa grabbed a cup of coffee and breathed in the fresh aroma as she set a strawberry muffin on a paper plate.
Patti came to stand beside her. “It helped to talk to you at the bowling alley. I met a guy last week. I invited him to class, and he agreed. He’s sitting right there. I told him I’d be right back.”
She nodded toward a dark-haired man sipping a cup of coffee. “He’s really sweet. I wouldn’t have asked him if you hadn’t encouraged me to come out of my shell. Thank you.”
She beamed at Lissa before taking her seat beside her new friend. Lissa would never have guessed anything she told someone would make a difference in their life. It warmed her, making her want nothing more than to be useful to someone again.
She exchanged pleasantries with a few people before taking a seat in the row behind Patti and her friend. Jason ambled over and sat beside her as they began with a prayer for thanksgiving, usefulness, and forgiveness.  Yet, Lissa remained lost in her thoughts. How could a perfect child, such as she had been, do something so wrong? As she contemplated, it hit her.
As hard as she tried, she’d never been flawless and never would be. She knew from Bible stories God had forgiven terrible sins. The Apostle Paul had been pardoned after hunting down Christians and overseeing their executions. He had gone on to serve the Lord with all his heart. It brought her full circle to face how the absolving of her sins would require the giving of her heart and serving the Lord. Was it a trade she was willing to make? Her burden was heavy. Would God’s yoke be lighter?
She brought her attention to the beginning of the lesson. She could think about her religious choices later. They began to explore the Old Testament for the many prophecies regarding Jesus’ birth. The study would culminate just before Christmas with the celebration of the actual event.  Then, she and Jason’s songs would ring in Christmas Day.
When class ended Lissa walked out with Jason. She told him about Patti’s new friend. “I hope it works out for them. Things aren’t going so well for Becky and Mark. He’s been complaining about her at work. I’m sure not getting in the middle of that.”
“Smart choice. You’ll end up with both of them mad at you.”
“I don’t know what she sees in him. All he wants to do is work, impress people, and make money.” She paused and her eyes widened. She looked up at Jason. “Am I like that?” 
Her honest inquiry made his eyes widen. “Of course not. You would do anything for Mandy. You gave up your time to go sightseeing to Mesa Verde and the Grand Canyon because it made her happy. You even put up with my company.”
“Don’t say that. I like your company.” Her cheeks heated at the admission.
Jason smiled. “I like your company, too. My point was that you care more about your grandmother’s happiness than your success. How much do Becky and Mark care about each other’s happiness?”
“Becky’s willing to move away from a good life here to be with him. That says something about commitment. He takes it for granted. He expects her to do most of the giving. Still, forming a friendship with me just to get information makes me feel used.”
“You were right not to get involved. You might find she needs a friend, though,” Jason said.
“She’s pretty, smart, and she’s lived here a long time. I imagine she has plenty of friends.” 
Lissa didn’t want to think about Mark and Becky anymore. She didn’t like the mental comparison she’d made between herself and Mark.
“Maybe she’s interested in your perspective. Most of her friends are probably country club girls. Her parents may be pressuring her to marry this guy. Who knows?”
Lissa grinned at him. “Those are problems I never had. We were strictly middle class. No high society. I can’t relate. Still, I’ve turned over a new leaf, thanks to you. I’m going to try and help people at every chance.”
Jason smiled in return. “I was your inspiration? Wow, I’m amazing.”
“Would you like to come to lunch? I’m sure Grandma Mandy wouldn’t mind. She’s grateful for the art lessons. She tells me you’re patient with her efforts.”
“Your Grandma Mandy is talented. All I do is give her pointers. You’ll like the painting she’s working on.”
“What is it?” Lissa loved the half-dozen scenes of the southwest her grandmother had purchased from Jason for décor in the house. In the living room, Grandma Mandy had a scene of the cliffs near Kayenta where they had stopped to picnic on the way to the Grand Canyon.
Lissa’s favorite painting was from Monument Valley where the rust-red ground was dotted with rising buttes.
Jason interrupted her thoughts. “She’ll show it to you when it’s ready.”
The answer piqued her curiosity. She hated being kept in ignorance, inferior to the person with the answer. Jason knew all about Grandma Mandy’s painting, and she knew nothing. It was intolerable.  Perhaps wheedling would work.
“I’ll bake you a pan of brownies to take home if you describe it.”
 You’ll have to be patient. That’s something one develops as an artist.”
“You don’t think I’m patient?”
His expression revealed his answer.
“Let’s just say you’re more driven than some of us.” 
Lissa couldn’t argue. She’d struggled all of her life when she’d had to wait for things. She was willing to work hard. As a result, she expected quick results. Perhaps that was one reason she’d not taken the trouble to learn to cook. Packaged shortcuts weren’t as tasty. However, they were much quicker.
“You could at least give me a hint on the location,” she said.
“Nope. My lips are sealed.”
Unfortunately, his comment drew her attention to his firm, well-formed, mouth. She fought their treacherous attraction. The strong line of his jaw and the faint shadow of a beard raised goosebumps along her arms. She swallowed hard and fought to distract herself from an attraction she must not allow to capture her.
She exhaled an unsteady breath. “I know when I’m beaten. I’ll wait. But no brownies. You’ll have to make-do with Grandma Mandy’s homemade cookies.”
“I’ll take you up on the invitation and suffer through dessert.”
“She’ll be pleased to have you. I’ve been jealous of how close you are to her. I’m confessing it because I know it’s wrong. Still, I think you’re as much a part of her life as I am.”
She was surprised to hear herself admit her childish jealousy. He’d been good to her grandmother, and it was wicked to feel as she did. She wasn’t sure what he could say to make her feel better.
He paused in the foyer and took her hands. He looked deeply into her eyes. “You can’t truly believe that I could take your place in Mandy’s heart. Mandy and I are great friends. But you’re her granddaughter. She loves you differently, deeper, with the love of a parent for a child.”
Tears filled Lissa’s eyes. “This was so silly. I’m embarrassed for telling you how childish I can be.”
His lips parted in a gentle smile. “Don’t be embarrassed. You and Mandy will always be a part of each other’s lives. Someday, I’ll get left behind. You’ll move away and Mandy won’t be able to be on her own forever. Chances are, I’ll get left behind.  I’m jealous of you.”
Lissa smiled at him. He made her feel better. She was finding she liked having him in her life. The idea of moving back to Houston didn’t sound so appealing.
CHAPTER TWENTY


During lunch, Lissa found her gaze drawn to Jason. If he wanted more than friendship, he’d hidden it. He’d never asked for a date or tried to kiss her. 
He seemed as determined to avoid involvement with a career woman as she was to marry a man with a secure job. If things were different, she would date him. 
She was tempted to throw away her caution and see what happened.  He had an undeniable hold on her heart. Would he be willing to take a chance on her?
Grandma Mandy served potato soup she’d simmered in the slow cooker and cornbread muffins. “This will warm us. My old bones feel it when it’s damp and chilly like today. I believe we’re in for snow. I’m going to bundle up and spend the afternoon reading. What are you two going to do?”
Her assumption seemed to be that Lissa and Jason had plans for the day. As far as Lissa knew, there were none, though she wouldn’t mind having him stay and watch a movie. She could make hot chocolate. Would he think she was suggesting a date?
Jason glanced at Lissa. “I don’t have any plans except to take a neighbor’s dog for a walk. They’re out of town. The dog won’t care that it’s cold.”
“You should go, too,” Grandma Mandy told Lissa. “It would put some roses in your cheeks.”
 “You’re more than welcome to come,” Jason said.
“Will you show me the painting Grandma Mandy’s been working on?” Perhaps she could bribe them by agreeing to this walk. Her curiosity still burned.
Jason shook his head. “Nope. It’s a sacred trust.”
“When did you get such an interest in art?” Grandma Mandy asked.
“Since he made me curious.” Lissa pointed at Jason.
He raised his hands and made a face of such innocence, Lissa and Grandma Mandy broke into laughter. Lissa knew there was no way she was seeing the painting until they were ready to show it to her. In spite of her curiosity, she would have to wait.
“The cold doesn’t appeal to me. I’m going to dig through Grandma Mandy’s old movies and see if there is one worth watching. You’re welcome to come back and watch it.”
She would be disappointed if he turned her down. Perhaps she was only lonely and feeling like having a friend to keep her company. It was wasteful to take part of a Sunday afternoon off when she had so much to do. Yet, her plan sounded like fun. If he didn’t join her, it would lose some appeal.
“I figured you’d work all afternoon,” Jason said.
“I don’t work all the time. I know how to have fun.”
“Really?”
His challenge riled her. “If you’re too busy, that’s fine. I’ll watch it by myself.”
Jason gave her a slow smile. “You’re describing a perfect Sunday afternoon. I’ll walk the dog and return for the movie.  I’ll even bring popcorn.”
He was more eager to spend the afternoon with her than he should be. He reminded himself of the pain he’d gone through with Kelly. Their relationship had been plagued by bitterness and resentment since she put her career before anyone in her life. Yet, Lissa wasn’t like Kelly in every way. She was smart, pretty, and sensitive. She’d often put her grandmother ahead of her job. 
Consequently, he’d been fighting his attraction to her every time they were together, which was why it was dangerous for him to spend the afternoon with her. 
He’d made up his mind to find someone who shared his passion for art and music, could travel with him, and raise a family. Lissa cherished her niece. Yet, she’d never expressed an interest in having her own children.
He mulled over his thoughts as he drove home. Why would God put another woman in his life to beguile him, yet not share the values closest to his heart? When he married, he didn’t want her desire for success to be more important than their love for each other. While he had no objection to her pursuing personal fulfillment with whatever talent God gave her, couldn’t there be room in her heart for him, also?
He was still thinking about her when he parked in his driveway. Overhead, the clouds hung low and gray. When he got out of the car, the wind chilled his face and hands, and he made a mental note to grab his gloves. 
The temperature hovered in the high thirties and seeped through his coat to chill his bones. The dog had a thick winter coat, so he would be fine. She also loved a brisk pace that would help them keep warm.
She was waiting for him when he opened the door. “Hi, Lacy.” 
He patted her silky head as she stared adoringly at his face. He pulled her leash from the peg beside the door and snapped it in place before pulling leather gloves over his stiff fingers. With the Golden Retriever dancing beside him, he took a deep breath to brace himself against the cold, opened the door, and jogged across the yard to the sidewalk. 
Dainty flakes of snow drifted down to melt on her fur. Yet, Lacy maintained her enthusiasm for the half-hour of exercise. When they finished their route and returned, Jason soaked in the warmth of his kitchen as he popped two bags of popcorn.
He headed back to see Lissa. She had frothy, hot cocoa waiting in their mugs. They sipped the warm brew and snacked on the popcorn while watching an outdated comedy. Though they sat apart on the sofa, Jason glanced at her often, loving the sound of her soft laughter and amused smiles.
Mandy didn’t join them. No doubt, she was giving them time alone to fall in love. Jason tried to ignore the temptation and concentrate on the movie instead of Lissa’s clever comments. She had a good sense of humor when she let down her guard.
They polished off the popcorn, hot chocolate, and a half-dozen licorice sticks by the end of the afternoon. When the movie ended, Jason retrieved his oversized, red ceramic bowl and thanked her for inviting him.
She cocked her head beguilingly and Jason’s pulse quickened at the charming dimples in her cheeks. He took a mental picture of the moment.
“You make good popcorn. Maybe we can do this again sometime,” she said.
He nodded, ignoring the red flag that tugged at the back of his mind, trying to warn him against spending time alone with her. Falling for her would be too easy. It was a danger he should not risk. He was unsure about her commitment to Christ and His body. 
If she didn’t value Christ’s sacrificial love the way he did, their relationship would fail. Besides, she’d implied she couldn’t love a man who’d been a troubled teen and then chosen a career doing what he enjoyed instead of pursuing an impressive and secure profession.
As he walked out the door, he wished it could be different. He wanted to meet his soul mate, someone he could trust to love him no matter who he was or what he’d done. The way Lissa had been raised, he’d have to earn every shred of her love. That was something he wouldn’t do.
His thoughts skipped to Mandy’s inclusion of him in meals and holidays. Maybe it wasn’t a good idea for him to come for meals until Lissa was transferred to whatever city would further her career. Then, he would pick up where he left off as Mandy’s friend.
***
Lissa chastised herself for how much she’d enjoyed the afternoon. The movie was passably funny. Yet, it had been Jason’s dole wisecracks that had truly amused her. He was clever and amusing and boyishly appealing. Those traits wouldn’t do him any good if the economy turned against him. 
She’d vowed long ago to avoid her mother’s situation, in which the family’s financial security had rested heavily upon her shoulders. Lissa wanted a true partnership where they each pulled their weight. Still, not much harm could be done in spending time with him if she didn’t lose her heart.
On Monday morning, she faced a pile of work on her desk. She tackled it, working straight until one o’clock. She ate lunch at her desk and got caught up in the afternoon. 
At the end of the day, Mark popped into her office. “How was your weekend?”
She glanced up from saving her data. “It was fun. I took yesterday off and watched a movie. I managed to forget all the things that needed doing. What about your weekend?”
“Not great. Becky and I fought because I had to cancel lunch with her on Saturday to play golf with a potential investor. On Sunday, I had numbers to crunch and send to the guy I’d golfed with. I didn’t get a chance to see Becky until last night. She was in a bad mood. She pouts like a baby when I have more to do than amuse her.”
“Were things like this when you first met?” Lissa couldn’t believe Becky would have become engaged to Mark if he’d always put her last. A good work ethic was one thing. Mark carried it too far.
“When we first met, I didn’t have as much responsibility. I’ve gotten busier in the year since then. I want Becky as part of my life. But we can’t be everything to each other. We’d get bored without other outlets.”
If Becky could hear this conversation she’d know where she stood with Mark. She was a pleasant diversion when she fit into his schedule. In the meantime, he expected her to amuse herself and make no demands. He would let her know when he wanted her company.
Lissa was tempted to tell Becky to forget about Mark and cancel the wedding. Becky would never find happiness in this one-sided relationship. Engaged couples long to be with each other as much as possible. While it might be true for Becky, it wasn’t the case with Mark.
She stifled her distaste for him. “It sounds like you’re not meeting each other’s needs. Maybe you should see a counselor.”
Mark shook his head. Not one glossy hair fell out of place. “I don’t have time for touchy, feely, stuff like that. Becky’s going to have to get on board with my career path if she wants all the things she’s always enjoyed. I told her last night she can’t have it both ways. I can’t be with her all the time and be successful at my job. “
Lissa wondered why he was telling her all of this. She had no desire to be in the middle of their tug of war. Anything she said to either of them could backfire and make one, or both of them, her enemy.
He rubbed his hand over his chin. “I’m sorry, Lissa. You asked about my weekend, and I dumped my problem on you. I don’t have anybody else to complain to. I knew you’d understand since you’re committed to your career,
too. It doesn’t seem to bother your boyfriend.”
“We’re not dating. We’re just friends. Maybe it’s different when you get engaged.” 
Mark nodded. “I’m going to call Becky and see if she’s still mad.”
He turned from the doorway, and she heard his purposeful footsteps fading down the hall.
The conversation had left her depressed. Her throat had tightened when she’d admitted she and Jason were only friends. Though her mind told her that was how it should be, her heart didn’t.
When Lissa got home that evening, Grandma Mandy was sitting on the floral sofa in the parlor. It was dusk outside, and the blue fringe shade of the lamp cast the room in a soft azure glow. “I didn’t feel much like cooking. I thought we could have leftovers tonight.”
Lissa peered at her closely. Her face looked pinched. “Are you all right?”
“I’m a little tired. I might be coming down with something.”
Lissa touched her grandmother’s forehead. “Are you running a fever?” 
Her skin felt clammy, yet not hot. It wasn’t like Grandma Mandy to skip making supper unless she was truly ill.
Her grandmother patted her hand. “I’m fine, honey. When you get my age, you’re allowed to be lazy on a cold fall night. I’m not hungry. Why don’t you warm up soup for yourself and come in here to keep me company?”
“All right. I’ll bring you some warm tea.” 
She hoped Grandma Mandy would rest tonight and feel better in the morning. She’d been blessed with good health. Yet, someday, as she aged, her body would fail. Lissa hoped it would be a long time.
Thick, creamy soup awaited her in the kitchen. She spooned some into a bowl and heated it in the microwave. The rich, heady, aroma of potatoes and chives filled the air. She steeped Grandma Mandy’s tea and took it to the living room along with her soup.
“It might be a little hot,” she told Grandma Mandy as she handed her the cup.” 
Grandma Mandy smiled. “Thank you, dear. It will warm my old bones.”
Sitting on the sofa, Lissa savored the tender potatoes, corn, and grilled chicken steeped in broth. She brought up a topic sure to cheer her grandmother. “It’s only a month until Christmas. After
Thanksgiving, I’ll help you set up the tree. Where do you put it?” 
As she tried to imagine it in each corner of the room, her mind drifted to when she was a child. It had been magical to see the plain, unadorned tree become a dazzling memento of the season. 
When she and Clair were very young, they hung ornaments within their reach, leaving bare spots higher on the tree. Yet, by the next morning, the lovely breakables they were not allowed to touch appeared on the top branches.
Grandma Mandy smiled at her enthusiasm. She pointed, “That corner near the window is the best spot. We’ll get out the decorations after Thanksgiving, but now, I’d like to hear about your day.”
Lissa filled her in on the conversation with Mark. “I don’t see how they’re going to make their relationship work. They want different things out of life. He says she’s materialistic. Yet he’s working night and day to make money and get ahead. Becky’s always had money. I don’t think she understands working hard to get it.”
Grandma Mandy took a sip of her tea. “It sounds like they need to find some middle ground.”
Lissa caught her lip in her teeth. “I don’t know if that’s possible. It’s like they’re from two different worlds. My parents had issues with money. Mom always wished Dad would get a stable job with a predictable income. Yet they weren’t trying to live a rich lifestyle.”
“Becky might surprise Mark. Maybe she doesn’t want luxuries as much as he thinks. She might rather have more of his time and attention.”
Lissa nodded. “I think that’s true. At times like this, I’m glad I’m single. I don’t have to worry about doting on a husband or carrying the weight of the household.”
What she said was true. Yet, deep in her heart, a throb of loneliness pulsed. Was there no way to satisfy both parties in a marriage? Her grandparents had always seemed perfectly adjusted to each other. Of course, she didn’t know them when they were young.
 “Did you and Granddad have any huge issues to work out?”
Grandma Mandy raised her brow, looking surprised. “We had a few minor squabbles when we first married, nothing unusual. We shared the same goals for our lives and our family. Neither one of us cared about getting rich, so that wasn’t a problem.”
“I don’t care about getting rich. I’m interested in being secure,” Lissa said.
Grandma Mandy gave her a measured look. “The only security in this world comes from knowing Jesus as your Lord and Savior. People can lose jobs, the stock market can crash, and terrible illness can overtake us. There’s no protection against any of those things.”
Lissa’s anxiety ratcheted up a notch. Grandma Mandy was right. Life was unpredictable. Something dreadful could happen at any time. So, shouldn’t she do her best to keep the odds in her favor by being as careful as possible?
“I know what you mean. I’ve always been terrified something bad would happen. That’s how I’m made,” Lissa said.
“You don’t have to be that way, honey. You can have peace if you learn to trust God.”
Lissa finished her soup. Since Grandma Mandy looked tired, Lissa didn’t want to tax her energy with a stressful conversation.  Besides, the talk of disaster was giving her a stomachache.
“You’re right. I’ll try to trust God as you do. I’m going to wash my dishes and come back in here with you. Would you like to watch an old movie? I brought
some documents home to read. I could work on them while I keep you company.”
Since she wouldn’t be living here forever, she wanted to make the most of the time they had together.
“I’m so tired, honey. I think I’ll head to bed.”
“Do you think you have the flu?”
“I don’t know. I’ve been feeling peaked since the afternoon. I probably need a good night’s sleep.”
As Grandma Mandy pushed herself from the couch, she grimaced and clutched her chest.
She sank back onto the cushion. “My chest hurts.”
CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE


Lissa’s pulse raced. Grammy had been tired and perspiring. Now, her chest hurt. Heart attack? If so, Lissa needed to act fast. She dialed the emergency number on her cell phone as she raced into the kitchen and fumbled in the cabinet to locate the bottle of aspirin. She gave the dispatcher the address and answered questions from the emergency service as she dashed to the living room with the two pills.
“Chew these. How are you doing? The ambulance is on the way.”
“It still hurts,” Grandma Mandy replied. She accepted the aspirin and chewed them. Her breathing was shallow.
Lissa stayed on the line while she listened for the ambulance. She didn’t feel confident in her ability with CPR. What would she do if Grandma Mandy stopped breathing? She sat beside her and held her hand, watching her intently while her own heart thumped hard against her ribs. She couldn’t imagine living here without Grandma Mandy. They had been close for so many years. Lissa wanted more.
Though it was only five minutes until the paramedics arrived, it seemed like an hour.
They moved efficiently, asking questions as they got Grandma Mandy onto the stretcher. Though anxiety still pulsed through her veins, Lissa was relieved her grandmother was still conscious and people had arrived who knew what they were doing.
She grabbed her purse and followed them out the door. The driver gave her a reassuring smile. “You can ride along if you like.”
“Yes.  I’d like that. Thanks.”
She watched while they hooked Grandma Mandy to an IV. When they finished, Lissa took her grandmother’s hand. “You’ll be all right. We’ll be at the hospital soon. “
Lissa’s reassurance was for her benefit as well as her grandmother’s. As she expected, Grandma Mandy remained stoically calm. She closed her eyes and Lissa leaned towards her in alarm.
“Grandma? Her voice came as a hoarse whisper. 
“It’s okay, dear. I’m just resting.”
Lissa chastised herself for bothering her grandmother when she needed to relax. Yet, since Lissa could hardly breathe for worry, she wanted to see that Grandma Mandy was still alert. It was ten minutes to the hospital. What if they didn’t get there in time?
Grandma Mandy’s color looked better by the time they wheeled her from the ambulance into the emergency room. “The pain isn’t as bad,” she assured Lissa.
Lissa called her parents and promised to let them know as soon as she got a report. Then, she called Jason. He’d worked as a paramedic. He would know what questions she should ask.
He answered cheerfully on the second ring. Since he had no idea anything was wrong, he said, “It’s good to hear from you. I enjoyed the movie yesterday.”
She blurted. “Grandma Mandy’s had a heart attack. I’m in the emergency room waiting for news.”
He spoke without hesitation. “I’ll be right there. I’ll be praying she’ll make a full recovery.”
He clicked off and Lissa felt better just hearing his voice. Though everyone had been kind and helpful, she wanted to be with someone who loved Grandma Mandy, too. Since all she could do was wait, Jason’s solid presence was what she needed.
She was shredding her tissue when he walked through the doors. His calm strength worked like a balm on her troubled heart. She wished he would hold her, just as a friend, and alleviate her fears.
He took her hands as he sat down beside her. “Have you heard anything?”
“No.  I think they’re doing tests.”
“She’s in good hands. They can do wonders treating heart problems these days.”
Tears welled in her eyes. “It was so scary. She was pale and her chest hurt. I was afraid she’d stop breathing and pass out.”
“I know.”
She brushed away a wayward tear. She hadn’t cried until Jason showed up.
He squeezed her hand gently. “It’s good you were with her. If she’d been alone, and lost consciousness, it could have been bad. Instead, she had you to take care of her. God knew what He was doing by sending you here. He knew Mandy would need you.”
“What am I going to do when I have to move back to Houston? I don’t want to leave her alone. Do you think I can talk her into living with me?”
“You know as well as I how independent she is.” 
“She could see Chelsea as much as she likes.”
“That would be tempting. Still, she has a life here. She has friends who care about her. She loves her church and her home.”
Lissa sighed. He was right. Grandma Mandy was settled here. She would have to make a new start in Houston. Mom and Lissa would be at work. Grandma Mandy would be home alone until she made new friends.
A few moments later, a young doctor in a white coat approached. “Are you with Mandy Davis?”
Lissa jumped to her feet. “How is she?”
The doctor gave her a reassuring smile. “She’s resting comfortably. You can go in and see her. She’s had a mild heart attack and we’ve discovered a
blocked artery caused by ruptured plaque. Once we get a stent in place, she’ll be up and around again.”
Lissa looked at Jason for his reaction. 
He said, “It’s a routine procedure,” he told her. “It will open up the artery.”
“When will you do it?” Lissa asked the doctor. If her grandmother needed it, she wanted it as soon as possible. What if she had another heart attack before the stent was in place?
 “She’ll have the procedure within the next couple of hours.” 
“Will she be okay until then?” Lissa asked.
“We’re watching her closely.”
“Thank you.”
She followed the doctor to the door of the emergency ward and was buzzed in. They walked past the central nursing station to room number ten. The doctor knocked and opened the door.
“I brought you some company.”
Lissa and Jason walked into the small sterile room to see Grandma Mandy attired in a hospital gown as she rested on the narrow, railed, bed. The machines surrounding her whooshed and clicked as an IV beside her dripped fluid.
Lissa rushed to her side. “How are you feeling?”
She smiled at Lissa and Jason. “Better, now that you two are here. The doctor says I have a blocked artery and will need angioplasty and a stent. I’ll have something to talk about with my friends at church who’ve had this done.”
“I’m glad you’re going to be all right,” Lissa said. “You gave me quite a scare.”
“I’m sorry, honey. I didn’t know I had a problem. After the procedure, I’ll be good as new.”
“You’ll be up walking a few hours after the surgery,” Jason said. 
She nodded. “In the meantime, I have a good excuse to be lazy.”
Lissa’s cell rang. It was her dad. Lissa gave him a quick update before passing him off to Grandma Mandy. Judging by her reply, he must have offered to come.
“Of course not, dear,” she said, “You stay there. I’m going to be fine. Lissa will call you when I finish angioplasty.”
They chatted a minute more before she signed off and handed Lissa the phone. “Your father worries too much.”
Lissa put the phone back into her purse. “We’ll all be glad when this is over.”
“Why don’t we pray for the procedure to go well and for your recovery?” Jason suggested.
Grandma Mandy reached for their hands. “I’d like that.”
Lissa bowed her head as Jason began. If God was as personal as they believed, it would be good to have Him on their side.
A half-hour later they wheeled Grandma Mandy from the room. Tears blurred Lissa’s vision as she kissed her grandmother’s cheek and silently repeated the words Jason had prayed. She hoped God was listening.
CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO


It would take two to three hours for the surgery. While Jason sat in the waiting room, Lissa paced, pausing occasionally to sit on the edge of her chair.
Jason watched her. “Sit down a minute and tell me about your niece. Mandy showed me a picture. She’s a pretty baby. Does she look like your sister?”
“She has her mother’s eyes and nose.”
“I bet she’s growing fast. Do you and your sister video visit online? It’s one of the best inventions ever.”
“Yes. We try to meet face to face a couple of times a week. Chelsea makes all kinds of cute noises now and her hair is getting lighter.”
Even talking about Chelsea didn’t distract her. She wondered how things were going in the operating room. Looking at Jason intently with her sea-green eyes, she asked, “Grandma Mandy has to be awake for the procedure. She was calm when they took her. Do you think she’s frightened now? I wish I could be with her. She stayed with me every day for a week when I was ten and had a bad case of the flu. She did everything she could to make me feel better. Ice chips and chicken broth, ginger ale, and sherbet were provided on demand. She read THE LION, THE WITCH and THE WARDROBE and PRINCE CASPIAN by C.S. Lewis. Though I was miserably ill, it’s still a time I cherish.”
“I’m not doing a good job of keeping you from worrying, am I?” Jason asked.
“It’s not your fault. I can’t keep my mind on anything else. Do you think she’s in pain?”
“No. I’m pretty sure everything’s numb. You know, if all they have to do is open one artery, it’s not too serious. Some folks have a lot more wrong with their hearts than that. They get through the treatment and walk around for years.”
“I hope you’re right and I hope more than ever she’ll move back to Houston and live with me.”
Jason shook his head. “I don’t know. She loves this town.”
“At some point, she’ll need more help. She shouldn’t be living by herself.”
He creased his brows, wondering if she’d miss only Grandma Mandy, or would she miss him, too?
He gestured to Lissa as he saw the doctor approaching. Though it was less than two hours since Grandma Mandy went into surgery, it seemed like forever. Lissa sprang to her feet when the surgeon held up a thumb in a gesture of success. 
“She did great. Her artery will heal around the stent. It contains medicine that will reduce the risk of re-blockage. You can see her as soon as she’s released from recovery.”
Jason heard her let out the breath she’d been holding. In a day or two, Grandma Mandy would be released, and they could go back to their cozy life.
“Thank you,” Lissa told the doctor. “I’ll have to find a way to keep her from doing too much around the house. I want her to use her energy for recovering.”
The doctor held up his hand. “Don’t pamper her too much. She’ll be good as new soon.”
When he left, she turned to Jason. “I need to write a list of the things I need to finish at work before I take off a few days when Grandma Mandy leaves the hospital.”
They sat again in the padded, waiting room chairs. Jason thumbed through a magazine while Lissa jotted notes on her iPhone. 
A few minutes later, a young nurse with blond hair and striking blue eyes informed them Grandma Mandy was on her way to a room on the coronary care floor. She gave them the room number and an encouraging smile. “She was an easy patient. I would have given her a lollipop if it was allowed.”
Lissa rose. “I’ll let her know. Thanks for taking good care of her.”
Lissa and Jason made their way to the elevator and rode to the third floor. Her room contained two sections separated by curtains. Since the other side was unoccupied, Grandma Mandy was the sole patient. One of the coronary care nurses was making her comfortable in the hospital bed.
Grandma Mandy ran her hand across her forehead as she sank back against the pillows. “I’m glad to see you two. I’m tired, though. If I drift off, don’t be insulted.”
“Never.” Lissa grinned. “You wouldn’t be the first person who fell asleep while I was talking. When Claire and I shared a room, I was the late-night talker. She always dozed off when I was in the middle of sharing some fascinating scientific facts I’d learned that day.”
“I can do you one better. I bore myself to sleep,” Jason said.
The nurse tucked in Grandma Mandy’s covers before checking her vitals. Lissa breathed easier when the nurse said, “You’re looking good. You’ll be out of here in no time.”
Grandma Mandy raised her brows. “I don’t know. If you spoil me, I’ll want to stick around. Still, if I know my granddaughter, she’ll go overboard to take care of me. “
The nurse turned around. “Are you Lissa? Your grandmother was bragging about you while we got her ready for surgery. She said you worry over her all the time. It’s good you’ll be staying with her while she’s getting over this little procedure. I get the feeling she’s the independent sort. Of course, she won’t need too much care. With that artery unblocked, she’ll be good to go.”
“I’m taking up jogging,” Grandma Mandy announced.
She laughed at Lissa’s wide eyes. 
“I’m not. But mild exercise won’t hurt me. Maybe I’ll get into a swimming pool exercise class. “
Jason smiled at Lissa. “She had you going.”
“She does that a lot.”
When Grandma Mandy got sleepy, Lissa told Jason. “Thanks for coming. I was pretty worried when we got here. You’re a good friend.”
The machine keeping track of Grandma Mandy’s vital signs whirred. Lissa found the sound unnerving. It reminded her of what had happened and how scared she had been.
Jason gave her a quizzical look. “I’m glad to hear you say I’m a good friend. I’ve been worried about taking too much of your time when you’d rather be working.”
Lissa stood and walked to the window. “That’s not it. I feel guilty when I don’t work. It’s a long habit. As a kid, I built my self-worth on it. Singing was my only outlet. I told myself it was a waste of time. Yet, I loved it so much, I did it anyway. You’ve helped me bring back some of those feelings. I’m glad you’ve come along to remind me of the need for balance. I don’t want to end up like Mark. All he cares about is getting ahead.”
“Where your heart is, will be your treasure, also. Does that sound familiar?”
 “It’s from the Bible, isn’t it?”
“Yes. It’s something I’ve learned the hard way. I told you my teen years were pretty mixed up. I’m grateful to God for opening my eyes.”
Lissa faced him. “I’m looking forward to singing with you in church. We can practice again when Grandma Mandy gets home.”
Jason saw a longing in her lovely eyes. Was she reaching out to him? She was a career woman, and he’d forbidden himself from ever loving one again. Yet, what if Lissa had changed? Maybe there was hope for her to lead a balanced life of home and work. And the Lord? Did she love Jesus as he did? It still seemed a gray area in her life.
“Mandy can critique us. Of course, she thinks everything you do is perfect,” he said.
Lissa cringed. “I’m far from perfect.”
“Join the club.  Without Jesus’ sacrifice, we’d all be lost. You know that, right?”
“I know it. Sometimes, when you’ve done something really bad, it’s hard to believe you could be forgiven.”
Jason studied her face. He cringed when tears welled in her eyes. What could she possibly have done that would make her doubt God’s desire to forgive her? She was one of the sweetest women he’d ever met.
The revelation of how he felt disturbed him. He was falling for her. Yet, she wasn’t interested in an artist, and he couldn’t take a chance on a woman who put her career before her relationships. Was Lissa still that woman?
“You can’t do anything too bad to be forgiven if you confess your sin and repent. God wants to forgive you. He’s forgiven me plenty of times. Did you drink or take drugs? Hang out with wild friends and do crazy things?”
“No. It was just as bad, though.”
Now he was curious. She was the most straight-up person he’d ever met, or so he’d thought. She was making it sound like she’d committed murder. He didn’t believe that.
“Do you want to talk about it?”
She stiffened and turned away. “I don’t know. It’s been a secret for years. I only told Grandma Mandy a few days ago.”
“What did she say?” Jason asked.
“The same thing you did. Still, even if God forgave me, I’m not sure I could forgive myself. I never thought I would do such a thing. Now, I have to live with it.”
“Don’t let it become a pride issue. To ask for forgiveness and move on takes humility.”
 “Pride?  Don’t think for a minute I’m proud of this. It’s haunted me. I blamed it on my mom. It was partly her fault. I wanted to make her happy. But I’m the one suffering the guilt.”
 “I didn’t mean you’re proud of what you did. You’re upset because you were above making a mistake. That’s pride.”
“That’s an awful thing to say when I’m admitting a fault. Sure, I was insecure. But I had standards and I didn’t keep them.”
Jason hesitated before taking the plunge to say, “The only way out is the humility to see ourselves as frail and fallen and know that only the cleansing of Christ can make us clean.”
Grandma Mandy muttered and her eyelids flickered. Lissa held her breath, hoping the older woman hadn’t heard the discussion. She was supposed to be resting, staying calm and relaxed. The last thing she needed was to arbitrate an argument.
Lissa turned to Jason. “Thanks for coming. I think you better leave now before we disturb Grandma Mandy. I’ll stay the night with her.”
Jason frowned. “Don’t be sensitive about being human like the rest of our frail race. I’m guessing you’re blowing your offense out of proportion because you expect more of yourself than you do of others. In that case, you don’t want my opinion. I’m likely to disappoint you by my lack of excellence.”
He turned and strode toward the door. “Call me if Mandy needs anything.”
He fumed as he strode into the crisp evening. Like his mood, the sky was dark, the crescent moon shrouded in clouds. He hadn’t meant to upset Lissa. He’d been trying to share the peace he’d received when he’d freely admitted his mistakes and repented. He supposed she’d have to learn this for herself because she wasn’t listening to him.
CHAPTER TWENTY-THREE


Though Grandma Mandy had a restful night, Lissa didn’t sleep well. She couldn’t forget what Jason had said. She had a blotch on her snowy-white conscience. She was the perfect daughter, the perfect student, and the perfect sister. How did she let her ambitions convince her to cheat?
As she lay in the budding light of pre-dawn, she suspected Jason was right. She didn’t have the humility to openly admit what she’d done. With her pride at stake, she’d remained chained to her transgression with no hope of putting it behind her. Was she willing to go on this way?
Suddenly, she wanted nothing more than to be rid of the burden. It had been a long time since she’d prayed. Would God listen?  It seemed worth a try. She closed her eyes and tried to still the rapid beating
of her heart. “I haven’t been around much lately, God, and I don’t have any right to ask. But I’m sorry for what I did. I would take it back if I could. But I can’t. Will you forgive me? Help me to be clean now and to live for You?”
Tears trickled down her cheeks when she opened her eyes. She glanced at Grandma Mandy to see she was watching. “I asked God to forgive me. It doesn’t erase what I did. Yet, I feel like a weight has been lifted. I’m not just a horrible person with no hope of that ever-changing.  I can still be used by God and have a purpose.”
Her grandmother reached for a tissue and dabbed at her eyes. “I’ve been praying for this ever since you told me. What brought it about?”
“Last night, Jason convicted me it was my pride that kept me from seeking forgiveness. I was mad at him. Then, after he left, I kept thinking about what he said. I realized it upset me because he was right. I prayed about it and God heard me. I feel forgiven.”
“You came with a broken and contrite heart. All you had to do was ask.”
“I haven’t prayed in years. Yet, God still loves me. I could feel it.” Lissa closed her eyes again to recapture the warmth of God’s presence and the comfort of His peace. She was struck with awe that the Maker of the Universe would reach into her life and restore her.
“When God sets us free, we are free, indeed,” Grandma Mandy said. “Make talking to Him a regular part of your day.
You’ll wonder how you ever muddled along without His strength and wisdom.”
“Why didn’t you pound this wisdom into my head?” Lissa asked. 
“You wouldn’t have listened. It was something you had to want.”
“You’re right. How do I make it up to Jason for rejecting his advice? I wasn’t very gracious.”
“Tell him what his words inspired you to do. He’ll be happy for you.”
“That makes me feel even worse.  He’s a nice guy and he wanted to help me.”
Grandma Mandy smiled softly. Her eyes held a dreamy expression. “Then tell him and see where it leads.”
Lissa allowed herself to wonder how it would feel to come home to a man like
Jason. He would be loyal to her. He was the type who would put God in the center of his marriage. 
Of course, he’d never admitted to a romantic interest in her. It was silly to let her thoughts go in that direction. Besides, there was still the issue of his profession and the way she had treated him last night. They had become friends and things would be uncomfortable between them until she apologized.
She punched in his number. His voice sounded tense when he answered. “Lissa, is Mandy all right? Do you need anything?”
She swallowed hard. “No. She’s doing well. She will probably go home this afternoon. I was going to heat soup for supper tonight. Can you join us? I need to talk to you.”
There was a moment of pause before he answered. “Sure. I can come. What time?”
“I’ll call you when she gets released. Could you pick us up?”
“Works fine for me. I’ll bring some fresh bread for supper.”
Lissa remembered how she’d felt when he showed up at the hospital. His was the one face she really wanted to see. Though she hadn’t wanted to admit it, she had needed him.
“Grandma Mandy and I will look forward to seeing you.”
“Good. I’ll be there.”
After he hung up, she held the phone a moment, feeling empty and alone. Likely, she was vulnerable after the stress. Her emotions were stirred and not to be trusted. If she listened to them she’d be told she felt more than friendship for Jason.
Interrupting her thoughts, a soft knock sounded, and the door swung opened. Doctor Harris entered. He greeted Lissa, and then, her grandmother. 
“How are you feeling this morning?”
Grandma Mandy switched off the wall-mounted television she’d been watching. “I’m much better than when I came in. I feel fine.”
“That’s what I like to hear. I’ll listen to your heart. Then, we’ll do another blood test. If it looks good, you can go home this afternoon.”
Mandy’s face lit like a child in a candy shop. She said, “That’s good news. Though I’ve had wonderful care, I’m eager to leave. I’ll rest better in my own bed.”
The doctor placed his stethoscope on her chest and wrinkled his brow in concentration. Then he straightened and nodded. “Everything sounds good. I’ll leave orders for your discharge. A nurse will be in later to explain your diet, medications, and a few restrictions. She’ll also arrange for a follow-up check-up.”
He patted her arm. “You take care of yourself, and you can start taking walks in a week. It’s a great exercise. “
As though reading her mind, he added, “If it’s too cold outside, you can walk at the mall.”
With mischief in her eyes, she said, “Is it a write-off if I buy things because the doctor told me to walk at the shopping center?”
He chuckled. “Afraid not. You take care of yourself and come in for that check-up.”
After he left, Grandma Mandy resumed her show while Lissa read for a while. Yet, Lissa found it hard to concentrate. All she could think about was
the look on Jason’s face when she suggested he leave. Could she undo what she had done?
She called Jason when they received the release. When he arrived, a nurse wheeled Grandma Mandy down the tile hallway, and they boarded an elevator. On the ground floor, they headed to the exit.
Outdoors, a brisk breeze caught Lissa’s breath. A few puffy clouds played hide and seek with the sun, threatening to drop snow if they managed to linger. Lissa’s nose and fingers were cold. She couldn’t wait to reach the protection of Jason’s SUV.
He pulled up to the curb and bantered with Grandma Mandy and the nurse as he helped Mandy into the truck. Lissa climbed onto the back seat, and Jason backed out and headed toward the street. As he navigated traffic, Lissa wondered what she would have done without him.
When they arrived home, Grandma Mandy claimed her favorite chair. “It’s so nice to be back. I spoke with Claire while I was waiting to be released. She promised more pictures of the baby.”
Lissa checked her phone. “Here they are.”
She handed it over, and Grandma Mandy flipped through them slowly, crooning over each one. It wasn’t long before she dozed off.
Lissa invited Jason into the kitchen to talk where they wouldn’t disturb her grandmother’s rest.
“Would you like some coffee?” she asked. 
Jason nodded. “Sure.”
His blue eyes followed her with an inscrutable gaze. Lissa wondered what he was thinking. Did he believe she was an emotional mess best kept at a distance? Though she’d thought that was what she wanted, she no longer did. More than anything, she longed to experience real closeness with a soul-mate, someone who could love her no matter her faults, or her past.
Her hands trembled as she set the carafe into the coffee maker. It was time to confess what was in her heart. He couldn’t meet his eyes, so she stared at the table as she began. “When I was in high school, I was enrolled in upper-level physics and chemistry. I was concentrating on getting good scores in my science classes. I was struggling to have time to keep my grades up in history.”
She paused to swallow and found her mouth had gone dry. She risked a look at his face and was relieved to see his concern.
“I’m curious. Go on,” he urged.
“I had a friend who worked as a student aid for the history teacher. She gave me the test questions for my class period. I cheated to get my grade. I needed perfect scores to get a scholarship. I got a full ride. I’m not proud of it. My degree was earned on a lie.”
She forced herself to meet his gaze. Fearing condemnation, she found she couldn’t read his expression. So, she waited.
At last, he said, “I might have a solution to the guilt you’ve carried over the scholarship. Are you interested in hearing it?”
Lissa winced at his casual mention of the deception she’d hidden for so many years. The practice of open discussion was new. Yet, she was curious about his idea.
“I want to hear it. “
The coffee maker beeped, and she turned to pour two mugs. “I’ve never told anyone about this except you and Grandma Mandy. My mother would never understand. She would be shocked.”
Jason accepted the coffee. “I’m not here to condemn you. I want to help.”
“I know. I trust you, and I welcome your idea. I’m trying to get used to having this out in the open.”
“You’ve repented and that’s the first step. That leaves restitution. What if you were to put aside a little each month to sponsor a scholarship in the amount you were given? It’s the best way I can think of to put the mistake behind you.”
She sighed. “It is a good idea. Everything I make is due to the scholarship. I’m a hoarder. I’m in the habit of saving everything I can. It will be hard to part with the money each month, but I have to pay it back.”
His grin spread. “I believe this admission has changed you. You kept it bottled for so long. Now that the wall’s come down, your openness is attractive.”
“It’s funny. I always thought I’d tell Claire first. Of course, that was before I knew you. You’re much more persuasive.”
“I’m complimented. When we met, I never expected to be allowed into your inner circle.”
Lissa watched him and wondered how she could have been so blind. He was the
perfect man if only she could learn to live with the uncertainty of how he made a living. She winced at what she might be losing by holding on to her need for security.
She shook off her thoughts. A scholarship fund was exactly what she should do. She’d set up a payment plan. It would hurt to be out the extra money she was saving by living with Grandma Mandy, but not nearly as much as the guilt she’d carried all these years. 
It would feel good to help someone who needed money to attend college. Since high school, she’d been far too self-absorbed. This gave her a chance to think about someone else’s needs.
She fingered her drink. “I always thought having plenty of money would make me happy. I didn’t want my kids to worry as I did. “
“Maybe you picked it up from your mom. Didn’t she confide her frustration to you and your sister?”
Lissa nodded. “We always had clothes and food. Yet, I wished my dad would make enough money each month so my mom wouldn’t get upset. Some of our friends’ dads had jobs similar to the one I have. They got regular paychecks and could plan a budget. That’s what inspired me to take that route.”
“From what you’ve told me about your dad, he wouldn’t have been happy in a job like yours. Perhaps he needs to work with his hands and create.”
“That’s true. College didn’t interest him. He’s probably made more as a craftsman than he would at anything else. And he loves it.”
She sighed and continued. “I supposed my parents weren’t suited for each other. My mom was like me and my dad was….” 
She broke off, feeling her cheeks heat. She’d been going to compare her father to Jason. Yet, she didn’t want him to feel she disapproved of his choice. He had talent and his work sold well, at least, for now. It was the uncertainty that inspired her to keep him at arm’s length.
“Are they happy now?” he asked.
“Yes. My mom’s still drawing a salary and my dad’s business is good. They don’t have to worry about paying the bills.”
“Your mom must have loved him to make the sacrifices she bore. I’m glad it paid off.”
Lissa pondered his observation. Her mother hadn’t held on all those years because she knew he’d do well one day. She knew nothing of what to expect. Yet, Lissa always knew her parents were committed and in love. Perhaps, her mother decided her father was worth the price.
CHAPTER TWENTY-FOUR


Jason called one evening later in the week to see how Mandy was feeling. He found his thoughts increasingly drawn to Lissa. Though he wasn’t sure how she felt about him, she had trusted him for help when Mandy was ill. He was tempted to let down his guard and see where it took them. He wished he knew whether she still harbored prejudice against an art career. 
Getting where he was had been hard and he wasn’t going to give it up. If they were ever to explore a more personal relationship, she would have to accept his profession.
When he asked about Mandy, Lissa said, “She’s taking short walks with me at the mall every evening. She’s doing great.”
“Do you think she’d like a concert Saturday night? We could stand to practice our Christmas music.”
“I bet she’d enjoy it, and so would I. You could come for supper first. Until you roped me into this, I never expected to sing for anyone again.”
“You missed it, didn’t you?” he asked.
“Yes. I did. I buried myself in work and tried to eliminate anything that might distract me. I wanted to think like a machine. Now, I see it was a mistake. I certainly wasn’t happy. I’m going to pursue outside interests and be whole again.”
“All work and no play aren’t good for anyone,” Jason said.
“Will you help me learn to balance my life? I’ve enjoyed every outing we’ve been on.”
“How could I refuse such a gracious request? I’d be glad to.”
His heart skipped at the idea that she wanted to spend time with him. He need no longer feel guilty for taking her away from the serious pursuits she would rather be doing. He realized it was too late to protect his heart. He liked being with her too much not to seize the time they had left. Though it would hurt when she transferred, he wanted to spend every moment he could with her until that day arrived.
“I’ve been thinking,” she said. “I wish I had a nice painting to brighten my cubbyhole at work.”
Jason grinned at her. “Is that a hint?”
“Yes. However, I don’t expect you to loan one that you could sell, and I can’t buy one if I’m paying into a scholarship fund.”
“No problem there. Letting businesses borrow them is a good way to get exposure. I’ve made more than one sale doing it.”
“I don’t get a lot of traffic. Just the people who work there.”
“Who’s to say one of them wouldn’t be a buyer? I’ve had paintings sell that were on display in banks, restaurants, and doctor’s offices.”
“If you want to try it, I’d love to borrow one.”
 “I’ll let you pick it,” he offered.
“Could I look at my possible choices on Saturday before supper and our practice?”
“Sure. I’ll look forward to it.”
After they clicked off, he sat in the living room and played bitter-sweet songs on his guitar that expressed how he felt. Not falling in love with Lissa was going to be hard. The smart move would be to
protect his heart as best he could and stay away from her. Yet, even as he thought it, he knew it was too late. He craved her company more than he feared her loss. He would deal with that when circumstances forced it upon him.
***
After their conversation, Lissa lay awake late, thinking. She liked Jason, perhaps even loved him. Would it be possible for them to make a romantic relationship work?
At work the next afternoon, she heard an argument coming from Mark’s office. Curiosity made it hard to concentrate, as she wondered who was with him. She forced herself to focus since she was bound to find out eventually. 
A short while later, Becky walked past her door. She glanced at Lissa and did a turn-around. She wiped her eyes on a tissue as she spun into the office and perched on the edge of the chair facing Lissa’s desk. “I guess you heard Mark and me?”
“It sounded serious.”
“Yeah. We just broke up. No wedding. He’s going to back to Houston and I’m not going with him.”
Lissa watched her in shock. She hadn’t thought Becky and Mark were a good match. They complained about each other more all the time. But she didn’t expect this.
Becky dabbed her eyes again. “I was going to tell him at lunch. Then, I realized I didn’t want to eat with him. I only wanted out. He has no interest in anything except climbing the corporate ladder. I don’t mind a man who works hard. But that’s all Mark wants. I would be home alone all the time. We’d never go anywhere because he’d be too busy working. I want a partner, not a money machine.”
Lissa nodded, wondering if that was the impression she’d given Jason. She’d told him her job was what mattered. She wanted security at all costs. Did she? Perhaps not. She wasn’t like Mark. Not anymore.
“I’m sorry, Becky. It does sound like you need different things out of life.”
Becky straightened in the chair. “Have you ever read, “A CHRISTMAS CAROL”?”
Lissa nodded. “I watch the movie every Christmas.”
“That’s Mark. He fits the part of the greedy Scrooge.”
“It’s good you realized this before you were married,” Lissa said.
Becky nodded. Her dark eyes were misty from tears. “I can do better. I’ll enjoy my life and let Mark make someone else miserable.”
She stood. “Thanks for listening to me. I have to be going. Maybe we can double date again. I’ve been asked out by better men than Mark.”
“Sure. That would be fun.”
Lissa’s thoughts were on Mark’s transfer. Why hadn’t she heard about it? She decided to let him cool down before she asked. 
She didn’t have to wait long to find out. A half-hour later he appeared at her doorway. “I hope we didn’t bother you this morning. I told Becky to keep her voice down. It was no use. She’s always been way too dramatic. That’s one reason I broke off with her. I pity the poor guy that gets caught in her clutches.”
Lissa didn’t want to hear any more personal details. Instead, she asked, “She said you’re transferring to Houston? When did that happen?”
“It was official this morning. I’m going next month. They want you back, too. I don’t know if the paperwork is complete on yours. Isn’t it great? I can’t wait to get out of here. We should go out to dinner to celebrate once we’re settled.”
Lissa’s stomach churned. She thought she’d have a few more months to sort out her future. If Mark was right, it would be much sooner. She stared at him, unable to reply.
Seeming unaware of the depth of her dismay, he continued, “Are you busy for lunch today? We could discuss our futures over a bite to eat.”
The last thing she wanted was lunch with Mark. “I’m sorry. I’m working straight through. Congratulations on the transfer.”
“We’ll do it another time. I can’t wait to lease an apartment. I want something with amenities.”
“I’m sure you’ll find what you’re looking for.”
When Mark left, she struggled to continue working while she waited for the official word. In the late afternoon, she was summoned to the supervisor’s office.
“Though you’ve been good workers, you and Mark are headed back to the main office. Two young recruits are replacing you.”
She clasped her hands. “I thought I’d be here at least a year. I don’t want to transfer.”
He stared at her, his dark brows rising in surprise. “I’m sorry. The decision has already been made. The two coming are new hires. They don’t qualify for your position in Houston. You have a month to make arrangements to relocate.”
She walked back to her office in a daze. She had come here to advance her career. She hadn’t planned on falling in love with the scenery and the artist who painted it. What could she do?
She thought about it for the rest of the day. She had looked forward to singing in the Christmas service with Jason. If she moved in the middle of December, she would let him down.
A gray cloud settled around her. Unable to concentrate, she left at five o’clock. Perhaps, Grandma Mandy could help her sort out her thoughts.
She was greeted by the sweet scent of baked chicken and yams. Grandma Mandy sat in the living room, working a crossword puzzle while their supper finished baking. Lissa hung her coat in the hall closet and joined her.
“You look tired,” Grandma Mandy observed. “How was your day?”
“I got some news I don’t like. They want me to transfer back to Houston next month.” 
Her grandmother’s brows came together in a frown. “So soon?”
“That’s what I asked. They have two new employees they want to send here and have Mark and I go back.”
“How do you feel about it?”
“Not good. I don’t want to leave you. I don’t even want to leave Farmington. And then there’s…” She broke off.
“Jason?” Grandma Mandy finished. “There’s not much in Houston he likes to paint.” 
“We’re not even dating.” The admission made her sad.
“He’s crazy about you.” Grandma Mandy stared at her, as though gauging her reaction. 
“Do you think so?” A spark of hope filled her heart.
“What would you say if he wants to get serious?”
Lissa shook her head. “I don’t know. It seems I have to move away.”
“Do you?”
“Do I what?”
“Have to move away. When it comes down to it, you have a choice. You could stay here and find a new job. There are other oil companies in town.”
Lissa nodded and promised to think about it. Later, she called her mother and told her about the transfer. Her heart sank as she delivered the news. She didn’t want to go back to Houston. She had two special people in her life. She would miss them both.
Her mother sounded pleased. “I’ll be glad to have you back. Your grandmother will miss you though.”
“I don’t know if I can do it,” Lissa said.
“You don’t plan to stay there and give up your position, do you? If your circumstances turn out like mine, don’t blame me. You saw what it was like when you were growing up.”
“I did. We made sacrifices. Yet, if I leave now, I’ll always wonder if Jason and I could have had a good life together.”
“Think about it before you do anything hasty,” her mother cautioned.
I know you don’t think I should date an artist. I’ve never met anyone like Jason, though.”
“Are you sure you want to give up a good career in Houston? What if things don’t work out with Jason?”
Lissa considered the question. “In my business, the pay-off is sometimes worth the risk.”
 “You’ve always liked security, dear.”
“I get that from you. You must have been upset when Dad decided to go into woodworking.  It was hard on you all those years. Did you resent him?”
“Resent him? No. I encouraged him to start his shop. He wouldn’t have been happy doing anything else.”
Lissa’s mouth fell open. Her voice came out in a squeak. “What? All those years you complained about our life. Now you tell me you were the one who caused it.”
“I didn’t complain to your father. Still, I had to let off steam. I didn’t realize it bothered you so much.”
“I spent most of my childhood worrying we would be out on the street.”
Her mother gave a huff. “I didn’t make it sound that bad. It didn’t bother Claire.”
Lissa wanted to shout she wasn’t Claire. Instead, she whispered a prayer for guidance and took a calming breath. “I was proud of Dad. Yet, I thought he made a selfish choice. Instead, it was your decision.”
Lissa saw her father in a new light. He followed his heart and used his God-given ability. Like Jason, his beautiful work was enjoyed by those who lacked his talent. 
“It’s been worth it. He’s doing well,” her mother replied.
Lissa realized she’d never make her mother understand the insecurity she’d caused. 
“Think about it before you do anything hasty,” her mother cautioned.
“I will. Thanks. You’ve helped me.” 
Her mom had dispelled the notion Lissa had held all of her life. Her dad’s furniture business had been a mutual decision. And her parents were still in love after all these years.
“Sure. Bye, honey. Talk to you soon.”
“Bye, Mom.”
Lissa held the phone for several long moments after they clicked off. Then, she went to find Grandma Mandy sitting in her comfortable chair with a crossword puzzle. After explaining what her mom had said, Lissa blurted, “All those years, I blamed Dad when it was Mom who encouraged him.”
Grandma Mandy shook her head. “Looking back, I think she’d say it was worth it.”
“I’m starting to change my attitude toward work.”
“Are you re-thinking your opinion about someone who doesn’t believe a job provides security?”
Lissa gave a slow smile. “Maybe.”
“Get together and talk it over. If you’re meant to be together, God will work it out.”
“You’re right. I’m putting my faith into practice. I’m calling Jason.”
He answered on the first ring and said “Are you still planning to go over our Christmas music again. There are four weeks until we perform.”
She hesitated, not wanting to spoil the mood. “Can you come over?”
“Sure.  Give me twenty minutes and I’ll be there.”
As she waited, Lissa fought her childhood habit of biting her nails. She dreaded telling Jason about her transfer. When she heard him knock, she opened the door to see him dusting the snow off the shoulders of his jacket. He’d never looked more handsome.
After she stepped back to let him enter, he shrugged off his coat and hugged her. She savored his expression of affection. How could she stand to be apart?  
He followed her into the living room.
Instead of sitting, Lissa stood in front of the sofa wringing her hands.
Jason frowned. “Is something wrong?”
She swallowed hard, as he set down his guitar case and grabbed her hand. “What is it? Is it Mandy?  Is she all right?”
“Yes. She’s fine. I got some news at work today. I’m being transferred back to Houston.”
She paused, studying him for his reaction. His raised brows showed angst. He smoothed them and gazed into her eyes. “Is this what you want?”
She caught her lip in her teeth. “I did. But I don’t want it anymore.”
 “When do you have to leave?
With all her heart she hated the idea of moving away from Grandma Mandy and Jason. 
“One month.”
The disappointment in his gaze crushed her. Was he wishing he hadn’t gone against his better judgment and lost his heart to another woman who put her career first? Still, she knew he wouldn’t try to hold her if she wanted success more than she wanted him.
Tears filled her sea-green eyes. “I can’t do it. I won’t leave you and Grandma Mandy. Nothing means as much to me as the two of you. I love you both.”
His eyes widened. “Seriously?  You’d give up your job to stay in Farmington?” 
He gaped at her as he blurted out his question, and then asked, “I’m still an artist. Is that secure enough for you?”
“I’ve put too much emphasis on money. I realize the only security we can possess is our eternal salvation. If God clothes the lilies of the field, He’ll take care of me. Besides working, I want to sing, and travel, and spend time with the people I love.”
Jason embraced her in a warm hug. Murmuring into her soft tresses, he asked, “What would you think about a trip to Rome. You said you’d like to see it.”
“I’d love it. Of course, I might have to watch my spending until I find a job here.” 
“Consider it a wedding gift from me.”
She pulled back to stare into his beloved face. “Mr. Carlisle, are you asking me to marry you?”
“I am if you’ll say yes.”
She smiled up at him. “Yes.”
A whoop arose from the kitchen. Lissa and Jason started in surprise. “Grandma Mandy, were you listening?”
They were answered with a chuckle. “I was sipping hot chocolate at the table. I couldn’t help overhearing. I’m overjoyed.”
“No matter. You’re the first person we would have told,” Jason assured her.
Lissa chuckled. “Except for marrying the man I love, I don’t know my plans. For the first time in my life, it doesn’t bother me a bit.”
“We’ll take it day by day.”
“For the rest of our lives,” she promised.
Jason drew her next to him. His mouth was warm and gentle as he sealed their commitment with a kiss.
DON’T FORGET

Get the link for a free download of Landscape of Love, Book Two in the Grandma Mandy Series.




Read the free short story for MADE FOR EACH OTHER about Grandma Mandy’s early life Click Here or scan the QR code. 





Letter From the Author

Dear friends,
First of all, I’d like to thank you for reading this book. I know you could have picked any number of books, but you picked this one and for that, I am extremely grateful. I hope it added value and quality to your everyday life. If so, it would be kind of you to share this book with your friends and family by commenting on your Facebook page or other social media. If you found benefit in reading this book, I’d like to hear from you on https://www.karencogan.com and I hope you could take some time to post a review on your favorite online retailer 
Blessings,
Karen

About the Author



A native of Houston, TX, Karen spent her early years enjoying life along the Gulf Coast. She attended Texas A&M as well as the University of Houston where she obtained a B.S. in early childhood education. While raising a family and teaching school, she began writing sweet historical and contemporary romance as well as children’s books. She now lives in the Southwest with her family and assorted pets, including a very stubborn horse.
Visit Karen’s Facebook page here. 
Pinterest      Instagram  
website

