



Poems and Stories


By David Mowrey



Copyright 2011 David Mowrey
Smashwords Edition



Table Of Contents


1.  Voices That Bless

2.  Life Is Beautiful 

3.  Hidden Within the Darkness

4.  Walking Hand in Hand

5.  Timeless Beauty

6.  The River Home

7.  Angels of the Light

8.  Freedom's Light

9.  Flowers Under the Sun

10.The Old Man in the Clouds



Voices That Bless

Winds blow softly through the trees, their
voices embrace me.

Gentle breezes caress the leaves, and the
voices brush against my very being.

As leaves sway with the wind, their
voices touch my heart and soul.

Winds blow softly, and the
voices of angels bless me.



Life is Beautiful

Beneath a comforting
cloud, Safe from the burning 
sun.

Adrift like a rose petal floating in the 
sky, Searching downward upon my distant
self.

Finding that even within darkened
shadows, Life is still and ever
beautiful.



Hidden Within the Darkness

I wander through a void of darkness,
searching for the Light.
I ask myself why.

I stumble about feeling lost,
thinking I must understand
Still I ask why.

In brief moments of calm,
I see flashes of clarity that call to me.
They speak softly soothing my questions of why.

As the darkness surrounds me,
I search for the Light.
Asking why.

I wander and search, 
knowing where the answer can be found.
Comfort lies within the Light that tells me why.



Walking Hand in Hand

We walk hand in hand
through life.
My spirit lifted,
held aloft by her love.

In the cool winter air
her voice sings like satin
brushing softly upon my ears.

Her skin feeling as warm visions against the blue sky,
beautiful and gentle 
to my touch.

On crisp spring mornings
I see her face glowing
like flowers blooming
under a rising sun.

When she walks her footsteps dance
like meadows of tall grass under an early breeze
into my heart.

On warm summer days
her auburn hair flows
as ocean waves caress the shore.
Watching her eyes
I see the heavens
in the warm stars
surrounding my very being.

In autumn as leaves fall
she embraces me 
like an angel from above.
As the years pass
I feel comfort.
and I am 
held aloft by her love.



Timeless Beauty

Walking on the horizon
of my mind. I
see her distantly
like a star that ever shines.

She dances with
every step. Her 
bare feet caress the 
dew covered grass.

Her body slides and turns
like a ballet. Her 
hands raise to
embrace the clouds.

My mind reaches out
to touch her. I
feel the warmth and
soothing of her skin.

My soul is at peace by
her grace. My
eyes ever see her
timeless beauty.



The River Home
ONE

Heart pounding,
Breath coming in heavy gasps,
Every muscle tense.
Leaning forward in anticipation,
He waited for the command.

He felt detached from all that was around him. Afraid but excited, he was acutely aware of all the activity up and down the line. Men shifting their weight to ease the cramps they developed from the long march and now the seemingly unending delay of the attack. An occasional dry cough, leaves being stepped on and sporadic whispers intruded upon the silence. 
Without conscious effort, he checked and rechecked his musket. Frequently he eyed the powder to ensure that it was dry. Using his shirt, he would wipe the sweat from his hands and gripped his weapon with tightened fists. No longer fearing if he would fight bravely, he crouched and watched the enemy line in the distance.
Suddenly he could hear the roll of thunder. Looking to the right, he saw his commanding general riding high atop a giant black horse. The sun reflected off the general's saber he held above his head as the horse raced down the line behind the soldiers. The galloping hooves pounded the ground as the general shouted the command. His harsh voice, bellowing and spewing forth, could be heard, "Chaaaaarge! Charge you bastaaaaards!"
Like a tremendous explosion, the mass of men burst forward as one. And he, no longer feeling apart from them, was running side-by-side with his fellow soldiers. His teeth were clenched and his eyes were drawn tight as he advanced toward the enemy line. The strength of the soldier's voices pounded through him. 
"Kill 'em!" 
"Rip their gray hearts out!" 
"Shoot the sons-of-bitches!" 
"Aaaaaaaahhhhhh!" 
Though aware of their screams and curses, he could not hear his own. For they were lost in with all the rest. And he continued forward to the enemy. His eardrums vibrated from the cannon balls firing over their heads. Smoke surged upward. With the whine of the minnie balls shooting past, he saw the grey line fifty yards ahead. And he charged forth.
With a massive force, he was flipped backward as a musket found its target in his chest. As if in slow motion, his body was tossed up and over as he fell to the ground. No longer the fierce soldier, he cried out in pain. The agony tearing through to his very soul. He lay on the damp, cold grass as the other soldiers raced on to their own destiny and his blood spilt to the ground.
And as he lay dying, he remembered back to a simpler time.



TWO

Sleeping soundly, the small boy rolled over and slowly slid out of the bed. He hit the floor with a soft thud. Confused, he sat up and looked around. Unsure of what to do, he sat there and gently cried for his mother. Rubbing the tears from his eyes with tiny fists, he saw his mother pull the curtain back to enter his sleeping area of the cabin. He reached upward to her as she picked him up and held him.
"Oh Samuel. It's okay. Mama will make it better." His mother stood and rocked him in her arms. 
"Mama, I fell out of bed," he whimpered.
"I know darling. Mama knows." She rubbed his back. "Do you want to go down to the river with Mama. We'll sit and listen to the water."
"Yes Mama. Let's go to the river." Samuel quit crying as his mother held him.
Samuel's mother quietly carried him to the door of their two-room cabin and set him down on the floor. "Sit there so Mama can undo the bolt. We have to be quiet so we don't wake your Pa."
Watching his mother lift up the heavy bolt of the door, he sat patiently on the floor. Samuel could hear his father snoring as he felt the cool night air rush into the cabin from the doorway. His mother picked him up and they went out into the warm night. 
He pointed to the stars and said, "Mama, see the lights?"
"Oh yes! Aren't they pretty.”? She made her way down the short dirt path to the river, which she had walked many times over the past few years. The river, the Kankakee, which fed into the Illinois River, had been the final leg of their long journey from the east coast. Here they had made their home for five years as farmers. It was the only home that Samuel knew.
They got to the riverbank and sat down on the soft grass. Samuel loved the sound of the river, and with the puzzlement of a small child wondered where it came from. His mother lifted him to her lap and rocked him. As she sang a lullaby, he fell asleep and dreamed a child's dream of the river.


THREE

Sitting against a tree, Samuel threw pebbles into the river and watched them skip off the surface of the water. Hearing footsteps behind him he looked back and saw his mother coming down the path. He stood up and waited for her.
"Well aren't you the polite young man standing up in the presence of a lady. Even an old lady like myself." She smiled, and standing up on the tips of her toes to reach him, she kissed him on the cheek.
"Ah Ma. You're not old. You're just as young as you ever were." He returned the kiss and they both sat down to watch the river. 
Patting his knee, "It's been a while since we've sat here together by the river. I bet its been eight years or so."
"Well, helping Pa with the chores and the school learning has kept me a might busy." He threw more pebbles into the river.
"I know son." She gave him a light hug. "I just miss those days when you were young. When you were hurt or sick, we would come here and I would rock you and everything got better. Those were special times for me."
"Me too." He smiled at her. "You know, when I was real young - maybe four or five - I used to think that this was the River Jordan. I remember when you read from the Bible or when we heard the traveling preacher and y'all spoke about the River Jordan, I thought this was it." He laughed happily. "I thought all you had to do was come down here and a huge sailing ship would come by, you hopped on it, and it took you off to Heaven. Isn't that silly?"
"Not for a little boy. It shows you’re smart. You’re thinking about things and learning." She reached over and brushed the hair from his eyes.
He held her hand and they sat in silence for a while.
"You're thinking awfully hard about something. Care to share?" She had been watching him from the corner of her eye and saw the concentration on his face. Though with a mother's instinct she knew what was bothering him. He had never traveled outside their county, and everything that he knew was right here. It was difficult for anyone to leave the safety of one's home.
He grinned at her, "It's just ..." Looking embarrassed, he shook his head. "Oh, I don't know how to say it."
"You worried about tomorrow?" She rubbed his arm in comfort.
"Does it show that much?" 
"Not much." She hugged him. "But, a mother knows these things. I've watched you all these years and I think I know you pretty good."
"I'm just scared I won't hold up." He looked to the river.
"You'll do fine. You got butterflies in your stomach right now, but tomorrow when you get on that boat you'll be excited and won't have a care in the world. You'll be ready to go off and fight."
Smiling at her, he replied, "I hope you’re right."
"Well, I am. And just so you know, I got my own butterflies."
"Really? 'Bout what?" He looked at her with curiosity.
"I'm thinking ahead. Thinking about when you'll be coming home." She leaned against him. "I can picture in my mind the day the river brings you home." She wiped tears from her eyes.
"Oh Ma, I'm sorry. I didn't know you were scared 'bout it. But, everybody says it will be a short war." With his hand, he gently rubbed the tears from her face. "People say the southern rebels will run at the first fight. I think they're right."
"I hope so." She smiled and stood up. "Now, if I stay here cryin', I'll never get my work done. Besides, your pa wants to see you." She held out her hand to him and he got up. 
They walked up the path to the cabin hand-in-hand. "You'll find your pa in the barn."
"Okay Ma." He kissed her and turned to the barn.
Samuel found his father repairing a leather harness. "Pa, Ma said you wanted to see me."
Standing up, he admired how big his only son had grown. "Hey, Son, come over here." He led Samuel over to a storage bin and opened it. "I got this the other day." He reached into the bin and lifted out a new musket. Turning to Samuel, he held it out to him. "I wanted you to be ready."
Samuel looked at the gun and wanted to hug his father. He had never owned a gun before and had always had to use his father's gun to hunt with. He could not have been happier. But, he did not want his father to think him still a boy and resisted the urge to hug him. Instead, he offered his hand for his father to shake. "Thank you, Sir."
Smiling, his father shook his hand in return. Though he realized Samuel was trying not to show his eagerness for the gun. "Well Son, you're seventeen and going off to war. I say that makes you a man. And you need to be prepared like a man."
Samuel felt himself warm from pride at his father's remarks. "Thank you. But I sure hate leaving just before planting time. You'll need the help. Of course, I may not be gone long and it may be over before I get a chance to fight." 
"Never know. You might be back before I get all the crops planted." He slapped his son on the back. "Come on, I need some water."



FOUR

Crying and unable to move from the terrible pain, he lay face down as he listened to the battle rage around him. The sounds of muskets and cannon and of other men screaming pierced his thoughts. His pain throbbed and ate at him with every vibration of the ground. The hole in his chest continued to bleed as he wished for his mother and father and he prayed for it all to end.  
Gasping for breath, he felt a presence over him. His eyes were caked with mud and his vision was blurred, but he forced his eyes to open. And with all his might, he raised his head and looked upward. He saw a man, dressed in white and wearing a golden breastplate, standing before him. He was enormous and towered over Samuel. The sun was brilliant as it radiated from behind the man.
Blinking his eyes several times to clear his vision, he saw that this man standing before him with magnificent splendor was an angel. The immensity of his power shone brightly against the blue sky, and his compassionate eyes offset his rugged face. Huge white wings spread out from behind him as he held out his arms toward Samuel.    
His suffering kept him from realizing what was happening and he immediately accepted the angel's presence without thought. His voice was almost gone as he pleaded, "It hurts so bad. Please make it stop."
Gently and soothingly, the angel spoke, "Take my hand and come with me."
"It hurts." Coughing violently, he choked on his blood. "It hurts."
"Take my hand." A single tear rolled down the angel's face. "Walk with me to the river and I will take you home. You will hurt no more." He lowered himself down to one knee and reached for Samuel.
As he struggled, he could see his mother within his thoughts. Sitting before the river, she held a small boy and rocked him as she brushed the hair from his eyes. The boy slept peacefully as she sang softly and looked to the water.
Samuel's last effort of pain was to reach his hand up to the angel. He groaned and sobbed from the hole in his chest. His heart was racing and his breath was labored. And with a final effort of will, he took the angel's giant hand and the glory of heaven embraced him.
The hate and suffering, smoldering like ashes, faded from Samuel’s thoughts.
Walking side-by-side, they left the field of battle.
Samuel's pain was gone as the angel took him home.



Angels of the Light
ONE

Three angels stood silently around a small fire at the mouth of a cave. The area was completely dark and protected from the starlight by the thick forest. They had been waiting for hours, but held their patience without complaining as they listened to the night sounds of the forest.
Two of them slowly moved their wings back and forth to cool themselves from the heat. The third angel, a wingless subordinate, tried to hide his anxiety from the older two. Occasionally he would shuffle his feet and look quickly around in nervousness. He had never been in the presence of their master, the leader of the Cherubims, and tried to think of how he should act when the master arrived.
The two winged angels were cherubs - angelic soldiers charged with protecting the kingdom of Heaven. They were dressed in white tunics and both carried long swords as well as a bow with a quiver of arrows. Though they were of the Cherubim order, both took human form rather than the body of an animal. Only the most advanced cherubs took animal form, which was usually the body of a lion with a human head.
Without warning, the forest suddenly became silent. All the animals in the area stood still with fear and stared into the darkness waiting for an unknown danger to pass. Olon, the wingless angel, looked at the other two. "What is wrong?"
"He is coming." Hytu, the eldest of the three, answered him. "When he arrives, speak only if you are addressed and do what he commands." 
A flock of birds could be heard taking flight from the threat.
Hytu held up his hand for them to remain quiet. They all peered into the trees as the large figure slowly walked into the clearing. He appeared only as a shadow at first. His form snaked along the ground making no sound as he stepped through the leaves and grass of the forest floor.
When Olon first saw the master, he was immediately awed. All the stories he had heard were now confirmed. It had been said that the Cherubim leader was the most beautiful angel in the kingdom and Olon now knew that to be true. 
His long, black hair hung across his shoulders and outlined his olive colored skin. His facial features were striking and perfect. Towering over the other three angels, he was six feet tall with huge wings that could span out to twenty feet across. His head, human in shape, sat atop the shoulders of a fur-covered body. He was enormous and carried himself as an all-commanding figure. He stopped a few yards from the three angels as they knelt down to one knee and bowed their heads.
Hytu offered a greeting, "Prince Lucifer, I hope the night finds you well."
"Arise. Tell me of what you have learned," Lucifer replied with an authoritative tone. 
They all stood and looked toward the master cherub, but none would make eye contact. Only Hytu spoke. "Master, there are two things to tell you about. First, it is possible that you are betrayed. The inner council may know of your plans. But, I am still gathering information and hope to confirm what I have heard."
"It is of no consequence, but keep me informed." He waved an arm casually through the air. "What else do you have to tell me?"
Before Hytu could answer, Olon made the mistake of revealing his fears. He had thought of the possible punishment for rebellion against the kingdom and felt himself becoming afraid. Without thinking, he blurted out, "But Master!"
Lucifer quickly raised an arm and curled his fingers. A long gash appeared on Olon's face and he fell to the ground in pain. Holding his hands to his face, the blood ran out from his hands and fingers.
"You wish to speak to me?" Lucifer's voice growled as he stepped toward the fallen angel.
Looking to the ground, Olon continued to bleed. "I am sorry Master! I meant no disrespect."
Speaking softer, he stood over Olon. "Stand up." He patted Olon's shoulder. "Come, get on your feet."
Olon stood up and stepped back. He kept his eyes to the ground.
"Do not be afraid." Lucifer ran his finger down the gash and it quit bleeding. A long, ugly scar was left on the angel’s face. "You wish to be a warrior? You wish to be a member of the elite Cherubim Order?"
"Yes Master," he replied in a whisper. He could feel the other two angels watching him.
His voice was deep, "Then stand up. A cherub shows no fear." Lucifer took hold of his shoulders and made him stand upright. "The warrior seduces pain and uses it for his own devices."
Olon held his eyes to his master's chest and tried to hide the trembling in his voice. "Yes Master. I will remember what you have said. Thank you for your kindness."
Lucifer turned and walked to the edge of the trees. He kept his back to the three angels. "Hytu, tell me more."
"Yes Master." He was nervous and did not want to anger Lucifer. "The man, Adam, now has a mate."
Spinning around to face them, Lucifer was obviously surprised. "When did this happen?"
"Five days ago."
"How quaint." His eyebrows were raised in curiosity. "The man was given a mate. What is she like?"
"I watched her this morning as she explored the Garden. She is beautiful and seems intrigued by everything. Very innocent like."
"Does this woman have a name?"
"Master, her name is Eve."
He stepped toward them as he thought. He was silent for a few minutes and then looked up. "This is very interesting." Lucifer spoke slowly and deliberately. "We could find a way to exploit this to our advantage."
"Yes Master." Hytu was happy with the progress they were now making. Lucifer had forgotten Olon's mistake and was no longer angry. "Do you have anything in mind?"
"Tell me, is she carrying his seed yet?"
Hytu was unsure how to answer.
"Hytu, speak your mind," Lucifer commanded.
"They have not consummated their relationship."
"Explain yourself," Lucifer responded quickly.
"The Lord has granted that all they wish be theirs. But, they are denied only one thing. They are denied to eat the fruit from the tree of knowledge that stands at the center of the garden." Hytu watched as his master began to grin. "So, I believe that they are innocent of physical lust."
Lucifer began to laugh. His voice thundered through the forest. His wings spread out as he lifted himself off the ground.
As his laughter became a roar, the flames of the small fire began to grow bigger. The angels stepped away as the heat became unbearable.



TWO
The Garden of Eden was contained within an endless expanse of land that was bordered on the north by a mountain, which reached above the clouds. About halfway to the base was an enormous waterfall, almost a hundred yards wide, which crashed below into a lake sending a large cloud of mist high above the water. The lake was twenty miles across and provided water for all the animals of the area.
It was here, above the waterfall, that Michael had spent most of the day contemplating the actions that he knew he must take today. He had met earlier that morning with the other three seraphs that made up God's inner council of angels. The four six-winged angels were chosen by God for their wisdom and kindness to help carry out his plans for mankind. Today, after much talking and prayer, they agreed on a course of action.
Michael had been looking out over the sea of trees below him and watched the thousands of animals that lived throughout the Garden. And, occasionally he caught sight of the two people who would be the pivotal point for the battle of Heaven and man that now appeared unavoidable. Sadly, he knew that the power of wisdom could be overshadowed by the power of greed.
He remembered back to the fifth day of creation, which to Michael was the day the battle had actually begun. It was a day of great excitement for all the inhabitants of Heaven. He recalled sitting above the waterfall, as he now did, looking down to the lakeshore where God was standing. All the angels of the kingdom were in attendance. The mountainside was covered with his winged friends and the treetops held scores and many just hovered in the air watching God's actions.
The Lord, His hair blowing in the breeze, was silent as He slowly completed His task. He knelt down to one knee, and carefully with strong hands, created a mound of clay from the damp soil by the lake. Meticulously, He worked the soil into the shape He desired. His fingers shaped facial features and smoothed the rough edges. After a few minutes, He stopped and simply looked down at what he was about to create. Michael had a sensation that the Lord felt content and pleased. 
And now, all became quiet and still. The hovering angels kept their wings almost motionless. The animals throughout the Garden were stationary and silent. The wind ceased and all was calm. Michael could feel his heart pounding as he held his breath in excitement.
With a slow and deliberate effort, God placed a hand on the mound of clay and leaned forward. Gently, He blew onto the clay. As the force of His being enveloped the mound, it was surrounded with a swirling white light that blinded even the sun. The Lord stood up and stepped back from His work. Within a few seconds, the light was gone and the angels could see that the mound of clay was now replaced by man- the first man. 
The man, looking up at God, appeared confused and then awed. Quickly, he turned over onto his knees and placed his head to the ground. Softly, he asked, "My Lord, how may I serve you?"
God raised his hands in front of Him, and the man was lifted to his feet. As the Lord placed his hands on the man's shoulders, he declared loudly for all to hear, "My child, Adam, you will be the father of a great nation. Behold, your servants." The Lord turned and moved His hand through the air to show Adam the multitude of angels that now bowed before him.
But, as Michael thought back to the events of that day, he remembered uneasily that one angel refused to bow before Adam. The one angel who swore that he would never bow to any man - the cherub Lucifer.
He sighed as he realized it was time to complete his objective that he and the other seraphs decided he must do today. Briefly, he bowed his head in prayer asking for the Lord’s guidance. His wings slowly expanded outward and lifted him upward. Flying from the mountaintop, he headed for his encounter with the cherub leader. He felt anxious but ready to meet his foe.
Though he flew at the speed of light, Michael’s eyes saw everything below him. He missed nothing as he looked down upon God’s creation with love and compassion. He was ready to sacrifice himself for his Lord.
In the distance, he could see the Cherub’s encampment. It was set at the bottom of a mountain one hundred miles west of Eden. The trees had been cleared to make room for an altar to use in worshipping God. Michael wondered if it was actually being used. He had his doubts.
He slowed himself and hovered just inside a cloud. He had never been here before and wanted to study the layout before making himself known to the cherubs. Looking down, he saw a wide walkway leading from a small lake. It was paved in marble and lined with marble columns. It led to a large golden gate with large stone lions sitting on either side. The trees hid the area beyond the gate. 
Though he could not say why, he felt a sense of danger. As if an unknown evil lurked within the shadows. He knew he must be on his guard but without losing sight of his mission. As he took a deep breath, he could feel a comforting warmth surround him. Michael knew that the Lord was with him.
Flying slow toward the walkway, Michael allowed for the cherubs to see him. He did not want to alarm anyone. As he neared Lucifer's lair, he saw that the cherubs guarding the area were uneasy. It was not common for a seraph to enter this part of the kingdom. They watched him as he approached the walkway. And, he realized that they probably had never seen one of the six-winged seraphs before. Very rarely did the subordinate angels come into direct contact with the Lord's inner council.
The angels studied Michael as he came closer. They noticed his calm, but serious demeanor as he walked along the path toward them. His blond hair blew back from the breeze and the angels could make out his large build under his loose white and gold tunic. Michael carried no weapons, but his six wings radiated a force to be respected. He held his hands together in front of him as he approached the gate.
The cherub in charge of the lair stepped up to Michael as he stopped at the archway leading to the entrance. He was not sure how he should address such an important figure, so he waited for Michael to speak first.
Michael saw the look of anxiety in the eyes of the angel and spoke with a calm and passive voice. "I am here to speak with Lucifer."
"He is resting at this time." The angel knew that the master cherub did not like to be disturbed when sleeping and had no desire to bother him.
"Then wake him." Michael smiled softly.
The guard hesitated but Michael did not move.
"As you wish," the cherub replied, knowing he had no choice. "May I inform him as to your name?"
"I am Michael the Archangel." He bowed his head to show respect for the cherub.
The angel turned and left Michael at the entranceway. He could feel that the other angels were intimidated by his presence and some whispered to each other about his appearance at Lucifer's lair. He studied the surrounding area while he waited and the cherub returned within a few minutes.
"Please follow me." The cherub motioned Michael through the entrance.
Michael was led down a long, secluded path, lined with trees, which led to room of marble. The cherub stopped and motioned for Michael to continue. As he approached the door, Michael could smell something foul. An odor of death that burned his nostrils. He shook his head and fluttered his wings trying to clear the air. But the odor remained.
He entered the room, which was lit by a pit of fire in the middle of the floor. The smoke escaped through a large opening in the roof. There were numerous statues of angels and animals lining the walls. Off to one side, Michael saw the carcass of a small deer lying on the floor. It was ripped open and had obviously been half eaten. The kill was still fresh as blood ran into the dirt. Michael wondered if the smell of death came from the deer. In the back of his mind, he knew better.
Lucifer stood near the pit with his back turned to the doorway. He slowly turned to face Michael but remained silent. 
"You were requested to appear before the council to answer questions that concern us. Why have you ignored us?" Michael spoke softly and placed his hands together in front of him.
Lucifer remained quiet for a few seconds and then raised a finger toward Michael. "I do not answer to you!" His voice was deep and hollow.
"You answer to God," Michael replied calmly. He noticed Lucifer's anger as he studied the master cherub's eyes. They seemed almost bottomless.
Lucifer resented Michael's attitude of indifference toward him. But, he smiled and replied cynically, "Then let God come here and I will answer him."
Returning Lucifer's smile, Michael replied, "We, the council, represent God's word. You will answer to us if that is His wish."
He pointed his finger to the floor in front of him and an underlying growl could be heard in his voice. "Then let Him appear before me and tell me so." 
The archangel had been waiting for a challenge from Lucifer, but not one so open and daring.  "The Lord does not appear before arrogance." Michael kept his voice serene. "He will reveal Himself as he wishes."
Trying to scare the seraph, Lucifer suddenly expanded his wings to their fullest and fanned the flames of the fire. "Michael, you seraphs are an insolent bunch." He paused. "I could crush you with the wind from my wings." Stepping toward Michael, "And if I chose to do so, would you still dare look upon me with such boldness?”
"Lucifer, would you dare harm a servant of the Lord?" Michael was not sure if Lucifer would openly attack him but he still held his ground ready for battle. He used a firm tone of voice to reject Lucifer's threat. "You have always let pride and hastiness mar our judgment. Take heed lest they be your downfall."
He resisted the urge to reach for Michael's throat but still could not contain his anger. "You and I have never been friends. But hear me now, as you would hear your closest confidant. There will come a day when you will bow before me. Take heed lest I raise my hand to your downfall."
Michael raised his hand upward. "Enough! You have gone too far." His tone was loud and harsh. "There is still time for you to repent. But, you must make the choice."
The flames of the fire reflected from Lucifer's eyes as he replied, "The choice I have is to take what is rightfully mine."
"I warn you!" He paused. "To place yourself outside the light of God is to cast yourself from the Kingdom of Heaven.”
"Outside the light of God!" He laughed. "You forget. I am Lucifer, Son of the Morning. I am my own light!" 
"As you wish!" Michael spread his six wings and he lifted himself upward. Flying through the open roof, the force of his wings blew out the flames of the fire. 
Lucifer was left in the darkness.



THREE
Standing by the shore of the lake, the deer stood perfectly still as Eve ran her hand down his neck and petted him. She loved all the animals in the Garden, but the deer were her favorite. They were beautiful, gentle, and had a warm serenity about them that drew Eve's love. She knew that there were many animals yet to be discovered and Eve was delighted with each new creature found. Her curiosity and inquisitive nature sustained her energetic personality in searching the Garden for the wonders that it held.
And as Eve knelt by the deer she was unaware that she was being watched from the trees. Hidden behind a large bush, Lucifer stood silently and watched Eve as she petted the small deer. He had been observing her for most of the morning and had decided that Hytu had been right about her beauty. She was indeed beautiful and her innocent curiosity added to her outward appeal. Smiling, he knew that he would find pleasure in snaring this prey. 
The time had arrived to implement his plan. Lucifer softly walked out from the cover of the trees toward Eve who had her back to him. As he came into view, the deer looked at him with startled eyes and then bolted and ran down the shoreline away from the predator. 
Eve stood up and turned to face Lucifer. Initially, she was surprised. She and Adam rarely came into direct contact with the angels and then only a select few. This face was new for her, but she smiled warmly as he approached her. And as Lucifer came near to Eve, she saw not his true self but only that of a winged man.
Softly, he addressed her. "You are the mistress of the Garden. I am at your service."
"Hello. I am Eve." Her voice was soft and serene.
Lucifer returned Eve's smile. "I know who you are and it is a pleasure to meet you. How are you today?"
"I am fine." She studied him with a keen interest. "I do not know you."
"My name is Lucifer. I am a cherub."
"What is a cherub?"
"We are charged with guarding Eden from intruders and protecting you and Adam. That is our sole purpose. I must say that I am honored to be entrusted with one who is as beautiful as you."
"Thank you." Eve looked down the lakeside to find the deer. But the deer had already run into the safety of the forest and could not be seen. "I wonder what made the deer run away? He looked so scared."  
Lucifer laughed politely. "My dear, I am afraid it was I that caused the deer to run. I am sorry."
She looked at him with eyes that did not understand. "Why?"
"Come walk with me." He turned and motioned her to come with him. "There is much about this place that you do not know. Let me teach you." He led her into the forest. Unknowingly to Eve, they walked toward the center of the Garden.
"Please tell me, why did the deer run from you?" She looked up at his face as they walked.
"You eat only the fruits of trees." Lucifer placed his hand on her shoulder. "I, and my kind, do not relish the products of plants. They do not sustain us."
"Then what do you eat?"
"We eat meat."
"Meat?" Eve was not ashamed of hiding her ignorance.
"The flesh of animals." Lucifer paused for Eve's reaction.
"But why?"
He saw that she was not repulsed by his admission and merely listened to his words. "Meat is what we have always eaten. God has given us the animals to help us thrive. It is as He wishes."
Eve's curiosity was raised. "Then why do I not eat animals? God instructed that we eat the fruits of the trees."
Smiling inwardly, Lucifer continued. "God has different plans for everyone. And He does not always make His wishes known directly. Sometimes He allows for events or knowledge to be gained independent of His involvement." He looked down at her. "It is as He wishes."
Lucifer stopped and picked a flower from its' stem. Holding it in front of Eve, he continued, "This flower has four different petals. They are all the same. Are they not?"
She shook her head in agreement. "Yes."
He looked into her eyes. "Look closer. Notice that each petal has different lines and curves. Do you still say that they are the same?"
"They are the same but yet different. But, I do not understand your meaning?"
"Sometimes God will show you the answer. Sometimes you will have to find your own. He has never instructed you that these petals are different but yet they are. You now know the character of the petals because you looked for yourself. There are times that knowledge does not always come straight from God. There are times you have to look for yourself."
They walked for hours through the Garden's forest as Lucifer continued to instruct her and open her mind's curiosity. He led and she followed without question. Only the hiding animals perceived the threat that had invaded them - and they hid in silence. Eve was unaware of the danger as she continued forth with her new teacher.
As he had planned, they finally arrived at the exact center of the Garden. Lucifer continued talking as Eve stopped and realized where she was. She was not afraid but she and Adam never came into this area. 
"What is wrong my child?" Lucifer asked innocently.
"We never come to this place." Eve pointed to the huge fruit tree standing in the center of the large clearing. 
"Are you frightened?"
"No. But God instructed that we not partake in the fruit of this tree. And we know that this is a special place."
He shook his head. "Indeed it is a special place. But you know that God would never hurt you?"
"I know that." Eve answered. "But He did instruct us that this tree would harm us."
"My dear, this Garden is your home. Everything in it is yours to do with as you please. God would never place an obstacle before you that would cause you harm."
He patted her back. "Do you not swim in the lake?"
"Yes. I enjoy the cool water." 
"But you know that you could drown and be killed. And yet, you continue to swim in the lake."
"Yes." She felt confused by Lucifer's suggestion.
"There are always natural dangers like the water. But He placed this tree here, for you and Adam, with his own hand. God would never harm you with his own hand."
He held out his hand to Eve. "Take my hand and let me show you something."
She allowed herself to be led to the Tree of Knowledge. They stood in front of it, silently, for a few seconds. Slowly, he reached out and took hold of a branch. "Please, do as I do. I will not allow you to come to harm."
Eve carefully did as he instructed. 
"What do you think?" Lucifer asked without looking at her.
"It feels like any other tree." 
"Exactly. And, other trees do not harm you. Do they?"
"No."
He let go of the tree branch. And without saying anything, he pulled a sampling of fruit from its' limb. "This tree offers the most beautiful fruit in the Garden. Its' nectar is the sweetest."
Eve turned to Lucifer. "You have tasted this fruit?"
Ignoring her question, he pulled another piece of fruit from the tree. "Hold it."
She took the fruit cautiously in her hand.
"Does not the fruit feel pleasing? And your hands are unscarred by it."
Eve smiled.
She watched him place the fruit under his nose to inhale the aroma. Without thought, Eve did the same. All the anxiety she felt about the fruit left her as she bit into it. The sweetness of the pulp surged through her and she continued to eat the fruit. Eve felt lightheaded and almost dizzy as her mind swirled.
As she finished eating the fruit, her eyes were open and she saw the beauty in Lucifer's face. She did not understand what she felt, but she was drawn to Lucifer. She reached up and placed her hand on his face and an intense warm feeling rushed through her.
Lucifer stepped back from the Eve. "I must leave. And you must return to your man."



FOUR
Gabriel rushed into Michael's room. "My brother, it is time!"
Contemplating the resent events, Michael wondered what the future would bring. The Lord had not revealed his plans and had told him "all things will come to pass as they must". He had been pondering the possibilities all day when Gabriel came into his room.
"The Lord has commanded that we summon the Host and be prepared to do battle!", he was out of breath and his six wings were fluttering quickly as Michael turned to face him.
"What has happened?"
Stopping to catch his breath, Gabriel replied, "Lucifer is returning to the Garden again. Apparently, he has final plans that will destroy Adam"
Michael charged from his room in front of Gabriel. "We must hurry! Have you alerted all the others?"
"No. I came straight here."
They were almost running down the stone path leading from the seraph's quarters. "Okay, I want the Host fully ready. There must be no mistakes. Do we know where Lucifer will be?"
"I was told in the clearing near the lake."
"Alright, I'll meet you there." 
They both flew off in different directions. Michael's mind was racing with thoughts as he headed for the Garden. In the distance, he could here the alarm of a thousand horns summoning the Lord's army. With the speed of lightening, his wings took him toward the Garden. In a matter of minutes he had traveled the distance to reach Eden and began to slow his speed. As he approached the lake area, he saw Peter, another seraph, standing at the top of the mountain, which bordered the lake.
Lowering himself down beside Peter, he saw that Peter had armed himself with a bow and quiver full of arrows. He handed Michael a sword and pointed down to the lake. 
"They are down there."
Glancing downward, Michael was caught off guard. "What are they wearing?"
"Animal skins. They started wearing them after Lucifer tempted Eve."
"Well, what have they been doing? And where is Lucifer?"
"They both just arrived. All they have done is sit and watch the water." Peter pointed to various areas of the garden. "I sent scouts out to different locations to watch. But, I have not heard anything, yet."
"Okay, I guess we just wait. What about the others?"
"They are just over the horizon. If there is to be a battle, they will charge in at our command."
Michael, with his six wings slowly moving back and forth, paced about showing his concern. "The cherubs. How many have stayed loyal?"
Peter stepped in front of Michael and placed his hands on his friend's shoulders. "About one third follow Lucifer."
His eyes showed his surprise. "One third?"
"Don't be alarmed. That is less than half of the warrior force and only a small percentage of the total force of the Host. The whole Host is ready to fight - the warriors and the non-warriors. We will prevail!"
"I just find it difficult to believe that so many cherubs went to Lucifer." He paused. "So many."
"Do not feel bad. Remember, they were all seduced by Lucifer's evil." Peter knew the love and loyalty that Michael had for the kingdom of God. "Even though they have fallen from grace, we should not stop loving them. Only love can bring them back to the fold. And even in battle, we cannot forget that."
"As always, your wisdom is correct." Michael smiled. 
As they spoke, the sun reached its' zenith and suddenly Lucifer appeared in the clearing below them. He did not bother to hide his true self as he had before with Eve. He smiled and walked toward the two keepers of the Garden.
Peter was excited. "Do we wait?"
"No." Michael was now ready for whatever waited for them. "We cannot allow him to harm them any further." He lifted himself up and charged to the clearing with Peter right behind him. 
Like a lightening bolt, he landed between Lucifer and the two people he was willing to die for. He held the sword in his right hand as he faced Lucifer. His wings were fully expanded, as he was ready to do battle.
Adam and Eve were surprised and then scared with the sudden commotion. But, Lucifer remained calm and showed no fear. "My friend, Michael. Are you ready to bow down to me?" He smiled ever so slightly.
"You have defiled Eden!" Michael's voice echoed throughout the Garden. "Turn back and leave this place," he commanded.
"Leave?" Lucifer asked with sarcasm. "I told you, I will take what is rightfully mine. These two belong to me and they will bow to me." He pointed his long finger at Michael. "And you will also bow before me. Or you will die."
As Lucifer spoke, thousands of his followers were filling the sky as they approached from the southern area of the Garden. They were all armed
"So be it! You have chosen your path. Now you must pay the price." Michael raised his sword to Lucifer and stepped toward him. 
Without warning, the noonday sun became a blinding white light and the air vibrated with the charging horns of the Lord's army. Hundreds of thousands of angels appeared from over the horizon as the Lord's Host charged in from the north to face Lucifer and his followers. When the angels were a hundred yards apart, hovering in the air, the clear sky shook with thunder and the Lord appeared over the Garden.
All movement stopped. No noise was made. All attention was focused on the Lord.
Lucifer began to speak but hesitated.
"Hold thy tongue - prince of lies!" The Lord's voice roared and the mountains shook from the sound of His order. "You Satan, you have desecrated what I have created. And I will cast you into the pit of Hell. That will be your kingdom!”
The Lord waved his hand and Satan was thrown back against a tree. “You Beelzebub, you will rule the demons and burn forever!"
The Lord’s voice thundered and Satan was thrown into the air.
At the sound of the Lord's anger, hundreds of Lucifer's followers began to flee away from the Garden. Without warning, a lightening bolt came from the blue sky and struck them down. Falling from the sky, their bodies burned to ashes and they were scattered into the wind.
Another lightening bolt shot forth from the sun striking Satan. His body twisted from the pain as he screamed. His face became scarred from the heat. His wings caught fire and withered. His hands became like claws. Satan could no longer hide his true self behind false beauty. 
The Lord placed himself over the lake and commanded, "You are like the serpent and as so you will crawl on your belly. Cursed are you above all the livestock and all the wild animals! You will crawl on your belly and you will eat dust all the days of your life.
"And I will put enmity between you and the woman, and between your offspring and hers; he will crush your head, and you will strike his heel."
Raising his hands up high, the Lord brought forth the winds. "Be gone, you and your demons!"
The thunder crashed as the winds rushed through the Garden. Satan and his followers were picked up and thrown into the horizon as they screamed and tumbled head-over-heal. Then they vanished. And then all became calm.
Feeling scared, Adam and Eve stood near Michael and waited for their punishment. And the Lord looked down upon them. He smiled as he raised his hands gently to the sky. A single dove perched himself upon the Lord’s hand.
Gently, He spoke, "My children do not be afraid. I will always be with you."
He spoke to them as a loving father as he ordered them banished from the Garden, forever. Adam and Eve cried as the Lord left Eden and they were left alone with only Michael.
Silently, Michael led them to the east gate of the Garden. Walking slowly, they both felt an uncertain fear - not knowing what the future held for them. As they both looked past the gate to Eden they saw a wilderness and knew that they were both now part of that wilderness. 
Michael tried to find the right words to say but simply hugged them both as tears ran down their faces.
"What will we do?" Adam pleaded softly.
Letting his faith lead him, Michael stated, "The Lord's word is like a light unto your path. Always keep your eyes upon the light and you shall never lose your way."
Trusting his friend, but unsure of himself, Adam asked, "What if I do lose my way?"
"God will always show you the path of righteousness. You, my friend, merely have to follow his guidance. And if by chance you veer off the true course, God will always be waiting to bring you back onto the lighted path." Michael smiled and gave them both one last hug.



Freedom's Light

I am a free man. This thought sat at the back of Isaac's mind. It floated in his subconscious and gently prodded his waking moments. There were times, especially when he stared to the north that it ran through his body like lightening. Grabbing him. Almost spinning him around and around.  He felt he could reach out and take hold of this very idea. It was always with him.
He smiled, not knowing why, as he sat up from his pallet. It being nothing more than a few worn out cotton sacks laid on the hard dirt floor of his cabin. The cabin itself was only a small wood frame shack with a leaky roof, a stool and small table, and a makeshift fireplace in one corner. Little windows on either end of the narrow building let in air and light.
Yawning, he spotted a field mouse nibbling at some corn he had dropped the day before. Isaac recognized the mouse by his shortened tail. At one time the tail had been long, but Isaac had cut it off with a knife the first time he had seen the rodent. He had aimed for the head but hit the tail. That was before Isaac had developed a liking for the mouse. Now the rodent came and went as he pleased.
"Mista Mouse, a good mornin' to y’all. Y’all still don' have the manners to knock on my door before y’all come into my house." 
The mouse did not look at Isaac as it took a piece of corn and ran through a crack in the wall.
Isaac shook his head and laughed. The door had been open, night and day, throughout the hot summer, but the mouse never bothered to use it. He had his own door. Though Isaac was amazed that he could get through such a small opening in the wall.
As he stood up and stretched, he could hear the others getting ready for the day's work to begin. Approaching the door, he looked indifferently at the mansion on top of the hill. Yawning one last time, he scratched the dust from his hair, as he turned sideways to step through the door. Isaac was not a tall man, but he was big and the door was too small for him to simply walk through.
His cabin was at the end of slave row - sixty run down shacks occupied by one hundred and twenty slaves of various ages. The cabins were actually set in a square grid pattern, but they still called it slave row. Isaac had been sharing his cabin with a slave named Tommy Blue, but he had recently been killed trying to escape from the plantation. There was talk that new slaves would arrive today and one would be placed in Isaac's cabin.
The slave's communal area was at the other end of slave row and Isaac had to walk to the other side to wash up and eat. There were three rickety old tables with stools; a cooking fire; and a water trough for washing, cleaning, and drinking. Approaching this area, Isaac could hear Grandma Liza, the oldest slave on the plantation, giving her morning orders for everyone to eat and get to the fields before the overseer came along with his whip.
No one knew how old she was, but she had been on the plantation longer than any of the other slaves. And though Grandma Liza was old, she still did her share of the fieldwork. Everyone knew that when she got too old to work properly, Master Franklin would sell her off, for a small quick profit, to poor white trash who would work her to death. 
Isaac bent over the water trough and used his hands to slowly skim a film of slime from the middle of the water. Then he splashed water onto his face and rubbed his eyes. "Oh my! That sure' feel good. I think I could just lays down right in it and stays all day." 
Grandma Liza came up to him and shook her finger at him. "Isaac, you best be gettin' some food and gets yo'self to the fields."
Reaching toward her, he kissed her forehead. "Grandma don' y’all look as pretty as the spring. Yes, I believes y’all do!"
She stepped back and tried to act angry. "Go on with yo'self now! Don't be tryin' to flatter me!" She handed him a bowl of rice and bread.
Looking at the bowl, Isaac smiled at the old woman. "Why Miz Liza, where's my eggs and grits ?"
"Why boy! Did y’all fall on your head last night? What you think this is? Do y’all thinks that Massa Franklin goin' to invites y’all to his table and hand feeds y’all hisself?"
Everyone began to laugh at the old woman's humor and quick tongue.
"Now, you best gets yo'self to work 'fore Mr. Buford comes after you with his whip. He never in good spirits this time of mornin'"
"You rights 'bout his spirit. But he be hittin' me once to many times with that whip. And, some day I be a showin' him about it." Isaac nodded his head seriously. "Yes, I be showin' him some day." He quickly ate his food and handed his bowl to a female slave who washed the dishes for them.
Again, the finger was in his face and this time the anger was real. "Now, y’all listen here boy! Y’all hush that talk. Else they be a burning y’all with kerosene likes they done Tommy Blue. Y’all seen what they did to him. Now hush and go to work. Don' be talkin' no more' foolishness."
"Yes'em Grandma. I don't mean to makes y’all mad. I's sorry." Isaac turned and walked to the barn where the farming equipment was stored. All the other slaves were doing the same to begin their day of fieldwork. Just like they did every day of the week. 
Issac looked up and found himself walking beside Mule, a slave named for his large ears, who was still eating some old bread. "How is y’all this mornin' Mule?'
"Well, I’ll tells y’all. If this here bread don' breaks my teeth, I's thinks I'll have a good day."  Mule laughed and continued to eat the bread. "Lawd, it barely be day break and it already be hot. I's thinks I'll sweat away to nothin'."
"Yez, it surely be hot. Just waits till noon." They both nodded in agreement and continued on to the barn. When they reached it, the overseer, Buford, was handing out hoes, rakes, and shovels. And as always, he had his whip held in his left hand. 
Isaac and Mule waited in line to be given their tools and assignments for the day. After a few minutes they reached the front and Mule was given a hoe and told to go to the fields. The overseer  looked at Isaac and pointed to the back of the barn with his whip. "Boy, I want you to get an ax and get some fire wood. The cook house is gettin' low."
"Yez sir." He was careful not to show he was happy about the job. Chopping trees was hard work, but not as hard as working in the fields all day in the hot sun. If Buford knew that Isaac was glad about the assignment, he would make him go to the fields and tell another slave to gather the wood.
"I needs a pass to go off into the woods," Isaac stated without thinking.
The overseer suddenly turned angry and raised the whip as a threat. "You tryin' to tell me my job, boy! You done forgot who the nigger is here?"
Isaac quickly took two steps back and lowered his head. "I’s awfully sorry Mr. Buford. I's sorry, sir." He was looking down at his feet waiting for the whip to strike. "I's didn't mean to tell y’all nothin' sir. I's just meant to ask y’all sir. That's all sir. That's all!"
With false sincerity, Buford told Isaac, "That's okay boy. Now look at me."
Learning many years before that a slave never looked a white man directly in the eyes, Isaac raised his eyes up to the overseer’s chest. "Yez sir." 
Without warning, Isaac was struck across the face by the white man's hand. "I know you're a stupid nigger. That's why I won't get mad. You just be glad that I'm caring 'bout my niggers. Some overseers ain't as gentle as I am."
"Yez sir." Isaac wanted to rub his face, but kept his hands down by his sides. His head throbbed as he remembered watching Buford hang his friend, Tommy Blue, upside down from a tree and set fire to him after Tommy had accidentally broke a horse’s leg while trying to escape.
Reaching into a pocket, the overseer pulled out a piece of paper, which stated that Isaac had Master Franklin's permission to be in the woods for the day. Buford looked at the pass as if inspecting it. All the slaves made an effort not to look at him. They all knew that he could not read.
"Well, I believe everything's in order." He handed the pass to Isaac. "Now don't you lose that pass. Can't have the sheriff catching you in the woods without one." He laughed. "He does like to hang niggers. Course, when he's in a mean mood, he'll turn his hounds loose. They do like the dark meat."
Isaac took the pass without looking up. "I gets right to it, sir. Does y’all want me to take a wagon or just a mule?"
Buford, a long sufferer of lice, scratched his head. "I'll think you best take the wagon. You can bring back about six trees. And while you're at it, get a second ax and take that boy, Billy, with you. He needs to learn how to use an ax."
"Yez sir'." Isaac started to the back of the barn to get the tools.
"Isaac!"
"Yez sir."
"Y’all get out there, do your work, and get straight back. If I come out there and find you sleeping, I'll tear you a new back side. You understand?"
"Yez sir" Isaac found two axes and went to the wagon where he found Billy waiting for him. "Y’all ready to cut some wood this mornin'?"
"Yez sir, Mr. Isaac!" Billy was thrilled at being able to go with Isaac. It made him feel older and special. He had watched the other children go into the fields, but soon forgot about them. Billy knew he had an important task today. He sat up straight on the wagon seat when he had seen Isaac coming.
Isaac saw the look of excitement on Billy's face and smiled. "Y’all ever cut wood 'fore?"
"No sir. But, I's real quick 'bout learnin' things, sir. And I's strong too!"
He padded the boy's knee. "I bets you is. Yez sir, y’all do real fine." He motioned for Billy to get down from the wagon. "Come on. We got to gets the mule. But watch yo'self, cause she's a might fussy. Y’all give her the chance and she'll bites a hunk out of your hide."
"Yez sir." Billy had seen the mule bite other slaves before and decided he would stay clear of her head. Not only would it hurt, but it would also cause him embarrassment when the other children found out. He knew they would tease him for days.
They got the mule hitched to the wagon without any problems and started down a back road from the plantation. As soon as the wagon was out of sight from the cotton fields, Billy began to look eagerly about. He looked up and down the trees, peered through the forest, and watched the animals run away from the approaching wagon. Everything drew his attention.
"Boy, ain't y’all been out this way 'fore?" Isaac was amused at Billy's actions.
"No sir. I's only been far as the fields." He eyebrows raised up with a new thought. "I's onced in the servant's work room of Massa Franklin's house. I had to carry a bucket of water for Miss Mary. But, I thinks she was mad at me. So, I left real quick like." 
"Why y’all thinks Miss Mary mad at y’all?" 
"Well sir, when she used to work in the fields, she was real nice to me. She always talks to me and smilin' at me. That day, she wasn't smilin' or hardly even looks at me. The only time she talked at me was when she was givin' me orders and tellin' me how's to carry the water bucket."
Chuckling, Isaac replied, "Son, she wasn't mad at y’all. She just actin' like a house nigger."
"Sir?" Billy frowned.
"Sometimes when a field nigger gets moved to the big house, they think they's more' better then the rests of us. So, they start to actin' uppity."
"Why they do that?"
"They don't have to work in the fields no more' - lessin they makes the massa mad an' he puts 'em back to the fields. They get to wear nice clothes - not likes we be wearin'. They clothes are clean, don' got no holes or bugs. They gets to sleep on rugs and not on no dirt."
"So, they's better then us."
Isaac stopped the wagon and looked at Billy. "No sir. They's no better then you or me. They just has it better then workin' in the fields. They's still niggers - just like you an me. Y’all understands?"
"Yez sir." Though Billy's facial expression showed that he still did not quite understand the explanation that Isaac had given him. But his busy mind quickly changed to new thoughts and his facial expressions changed too.
"How old is y’all boy?" Isaac snapped the reins and got the mule going again.
Billy thought for a few seconds and he shook his head. "I's don' know sir."
"Y’all don' know how to counts?"
"No sir. Mama says it's dangerous for niggers to count or read. She says Massa Franklin would gets mad."
"Well, your' mama is sure rights 'bout that. But just cause y’all can count or read don't mean the massa has to finds out. Y’all just don't let on to the white man that y’all can." Isaac turned toward the boy. "Now, look here. How many a mule we gots pullin' this here wagon?"
"Only one."
"If we had 'nother mule 'long side this one, how many that make?"
Billy's smiled widely as he knew the answer. "Two."
"See, y’all can count. Y’all kin do some'in ands y’all didn't knows y’all could do it."
Billy felt proud of himself. "Sir, how old is y’all thinks I is?"
Rubbing his chin, Isaac look down at Billy. "Y’all should be 'bout as old as my boy. So, y’all should be 'bout ten year old."
"Y’all gots a boy?" Billy was surprised.
"Yez, I does." Isaac was saddened by the thought of his wife and child.
Not realizing that he had upset Isaac, Billy asked, "If'in y’all gots a boy, where is he?"
Looking straight ahead, Isaac felt a tear run down his face." 'Bout four year ago, a rich banker from the north come 'long lookin' for a houseboy. Massa Franklin sold him my boy. He be gone ever since."
"Where's his ma?"
"She pitched a fit when Massa sold our boy. She done yelled and hollered. Even throwed a rock clean through a window of the big house." He looked at Billy for a moment and continued. "Massa Franklin whipped her, hisself, he so mad. Almost killed her with that whip. Then he done sold her down south to 'nother plantation."
Billy's voice lowered. "Y’all ever gonna get 'em back?"
Isaac replied firmly, "Some day. Some day when I gets aways from here I'll go an finds 'em."
Billy did not know what to say and they rode the rest of the way in silence. Isaac forced the memories of his family from his mind as he stopped the mule near a clearing in the woods. He climbed down from the wagon and reached for both axes.
"Boy, get on down here. I gonna show y’all 'bout this ax. 'Cause, if y’all ain't careful, y’all could cut your own leg off. Then I'd have Hell to pay when your Mama got's 'hold of me." 
Billy listened closely to Isaac's instructions and then Isaac picked out a small tree for him to work on first. "We'll cuts 'em down here, cuts the limbs off, loads 'em up in the wagon, and then takes 'em back and then cuts 'em into fire wood. Now don't goes to fast or else y’all tires yo'self out 'fore the jobs ended."
"Yez sir." 
After an hour, they had cut down six trees. Billy was only able to cut down two trees to Isaac's four, but he still felt proud of himself. As he was wiping the sweat from his face, he spotted a rabbit a few feet away. He whispered to Isaac, "Mr. Isaac. Look over there at the rabbit."
Isaac saw the rabbit and replied, "Y’all likes to eat rabbit, boy?"
"Yez sir. I likes it fine."
"Well  then, looks like we gots rabbit for the night." Isaac slowly bent over and picked up a rock. He took careful aim, threw the rock, and hit the rabbit square on the head. They both ran to the rabbit and found it dead.
"Mr. Isaac, y’all sure' can throws a rock!" Billy look at Isaac with admiration. 
"Mr. Billy, when y’all is hungry, y’all learn real quick like to take true aim." He smiled and winked at Billy. 
"We's gonna eats 'em here?" Billy's stomach had started to growl as he realized he was getting hungry. The rabbit looked like just the thing to satisfy him.
"Wished we could. But, we got work to finish. We'll hides 'em in the wagon for now and cook 'em up tonight after dark."
"Why we have to hides 'em?"
Isaac picked up the rabbit and they walked to the wagon. " 'Cause, if Mr. Buford finds 'em, he'll just keeps 'em for hisself. So, not a word to nobody. This just our secret."
Billy felt excited about sharing a secret with a man. "Where's we gonna cook 'em?"
"We gonna cook 'em on a spit over my fireplace. But, likes I says, we'll has to wait until after dark. That ways nobody will see the smoke. 'Specially Mr. Buford. 'Course he be drunk by nights fall an I don't thinks he be seein' much."
After loading the trees into the wagon, they hid the rabbit under the limbs. Then they started back to the plantation and Billy fell fast asleep. He leaned against Isaac as he slept and Isaac thought of his own son. He tried to remember what he looked like but he could only see a blur. It had been so long since he had lost him. A feeling of anger, which he had lived with for so long, simmered within him. 
He snapped the reins against the mule and spoke to himself. "Yez sir, there will come a time."
When they got within sight of the fields, Isaac nudged Billy and woke him up. Billy rubbed his eyes and sat up straight. "Did I fall asleep?"
Isaac grinned, "Falls asleep? Son, if'in y’all hadn't been snoring, I's a taken y’all for the dead. Lawd, I ain't never saw nobody that could sleep likes y’all."
Billy grinned back but said nothing. They both saw Master Franklin's buggy coming up the front road to the mansion. Master Franklin, alone in the buggy, looked about with an air of self-importance and satisfaction.
Walking behind the buggy were two new slaves. The man and woman walked silently side-by-side as the sweat glistened from their naked bodies. They were both secured to the buggy by chains which were attached to iron collars around their necks.
"They sure' looks scared." Billy had lost his grin.
"They should be," Isaac replied in a low voice.
"Why's that, Mr. Isaac?"
He looked down at Billy as he drove the wagon toward the barn. "Boy, y’all was born here. Y’all is used to seein' niggers gettin' whipped and beat. But, they looks likes they right off the boat. If’in they are, then they have the rights to be scared."
"How y’all know they just got off the boat?"
"The way they walks an’ looks." He stopped the wagon near the barn and climbed down. "Well sir, we has to get back to the wood choppin'."
They spent the rest of the day chopping the trees into firewood and carrying it to the cookhouse. Isaac also had Billy take some of it to the slaves cooking area for their use. And when he saw the overseer ride off to the fields, he took the rabbit and hid it behind his cabin.
As they were unhitching the mule from the wagon, the overseer came riding up to them and stopped. Knowing that Isaac had completed the wood chopping, he asked, "Boy, you finish that work I told you do to?"
"Yez sir. We just gots through."
"You get six trees like I done told you?"
"Yez sir. Just like y’all told me. We carried it all to the cookhouse. But, we did take some to slave row. But, only some."
"All right. Now listen, Master Franklin just brought in two slaves. They fresh from the auction house, and all they talk is that jungle jibberish. I put the nigger buck in your cabin. Tomorrow, you take him to the fields with you. I expect you to teach him real good. You hear?"
"Yez sir. I teaches him real good for y’all."
"You best! And, Master Franklin wants to call him Tommy. Says it will be easy to remember."
"Yez sir."
Waving his whip toward the cookhouse, "You two get some water carried up to the cook house. The barrels are gettin' low. Go on now."
"Yez sir." He went and found three water pails from the cookhouse.
Giving one pail to Billy, he took two for himself and they walked down to the river which ran past the plantation. It was the boundary between Master Franklin's plantation and another one to the west. The river was fifty yards from the cookhouse and it took the rest of the day for them to haul enough water to fill the four water barrels. 
"Mr. Isaac, I didn't knows that carryin' water could be so hard." Billy had put in a long day and was glad that it was almost over.
"Yez sir! Y’all done worked real hard. I recken y’all 'bout ready to quit for the day." Isaac chuckled. "But, we got some more' water to carry."
Billy suddenly felt even more tired. "We does? All the water barrels is full."
Lightly slapping Billy on the back, "Our water trough is gettin' low. We might as well fill it or Grandma Liza will be gettin' us 'fore the nights over."
After two more trips to the river they were finished and took the pails back to the cookhouse. All the other slaves were coming in from the fields and getting ready to eat. Forgetting about the rabbit, Billy found his mother and ate rice and bread with her. He was getting ready to lay down for the night when Isaac found him.
Isaac motioned for Billy to come with him behind the cabins. "Boy, y’all done forgot 'bout the rabbit?"
Billy grinned real big. "Yez sir! But, I's hungry all over again. When does we eats?"
Issac laughingly replied, "Got's to wait 'till after sundown. Then y’all comes to my cabin and will eats us one big rabbit. How's that sound to y’all?"
"That real fine." Billy ran off without another word.
Isaac laughed at the boy's happiness and returned to his cabin. He had forgotten about the new slave and found him standing in a corner, still without clothes, with his ankles shackled by a short length of chain.
Looking surprised, Isaac approached him. "How y’all doin'?"
The man, obviously scared, simply looked at Issac and made no attempt to talk.
"Do y’all knows your name is Tommy? That's what they gonna call y’all from now on."
Again, no response.
"Y’all don't has to just stand there all night." Isaac picked up the stool and placed it near the man. "Might as well sit down. Y’all's gonna be here a while." He patted the stool and smiled.
After Isaac stepped back from the stool, Tommy slowly sat down but without ever taking his eyes off Isaac. Isaac saw that the act of sitting looked painful for him. Cautiously, he approached the man.
"There ain't no reason for y’all to be scared." He spoke softly and slow. Tommy watched Isaac and acted like he would get up and run. "No reason to run. The chains gonna slow y’all down just a might. 'Sides, there ain't no where to go. An, Mr. Buford would just shoots y’all. Or does some’in’ more' worse."
Isaac eased behind the man and found what he had already suspected. "Lawd, they done taken y’all's back clean off." The new slave's back was oozing blood from a recent lashing. Isaac counted thirty lash marks of various lengths. "The one thing y’all gots to learn is that Mr. Buford sure' likes his whip. Yez sir, he sure' do."
Isaac came around the front of the man and looked at him. "I be right back. Then we'll fix y’all right up."
Isaac left the cabin and returned a few minutes later. He was out of breath as he entered the cabin. "I's had to hurry. Mr. Buford almost caught me down by the river. If'in he had done that, we be usin' these poultices on me 'stead of y’all's back."
Tommy looked at Isaac with curiosity and said nothing.
Isaac caught his breath as he tried to think of a way to get the man to lay down. "I needs y’all to lay down on the floor'." 
Isaac received no response. Only a look of misunderstanding. After a few seconds of thinking, Isaac acted out what he wanted Tommy to do. As he patted the floor, he said, "Now, y’all lays down here like this. On your' belly. Then we gets y’all fixed up."
Surprising Isaac, the new slave did as he was showed. Pleased with himself, Isaac said, "Well Tommy, looks like we startin' off good. Now, let's get yo'self taken care of."
Isaac showed Tommy the mixture of mud and moss and indicated he was going to apply it to his back. “Now, this gonna be cold. Might sting a might. But, it'll stop the bleedin' and helps it ease the pain. Y’all be just like new in no time."
Tommy laid still as Isaac applied the poultice to his back. Within a short time, he fell asleep, from exhaustion, as Isaac talked to him about the slave's life on the plantation. 
Later, after the moon was up, Billy came into the cabin. Looking down at the new slave, he said, "They beat him?"
"Yez, they did."
"What he do to gets beat?" Billy sat down in a corner and watched the man.
"Don't has to do nothin' to get beat. Bein' a nigger is all y’all has to do sometimes." Isaac looked sadly at the boy. "As y’all gets older, y’all learn the hard way. An, your gettin' close to bein' older."
Isaac smiled at Billy. "I bets y’all ready for some rabbit 'stead of me talkin'"
"Yez sir!" Billy could hardly hide his excitement. All evening he had thought of nothing else except coming to Isaac's cabin and eating rabbit.
"Y’all not hungry, is y’all?" Isaac was tickled at Billy's enthusiasm
"Yez sir, I's real hungry." Billy was also excited about being able to share a meal with a Isaac. He had gone into the woods with him to cut wood and now he was getting to eat a rabbit after dark with him. 
"Y’all stays here. I be right back." Isaac retrieved the rabbit and returned to the cabin.
Isaac got his knife which he kept hidden under his pallet. He quickly had the rabbit dressed and on the spit. "Here you goes boy. Just place him over the fire. I be right back."
"Where y’all goin?"
"I gonna takes the fur and guts down to the river bank. Dogs will most likely eats 'em." Isaac wrapped up the entrails inside the fur and left. He walked behind slave row and stayed near the bushes and trees so he would not be seen. Near the river bank, he left the rabbit's remains under a bush and returned to his cabin.
Walking into his cabin, Isaac felt fortunate not to have been caught. But, his happiness was soon gone. Stepping into the door, he found the rabbit laying in the dirt. Tommy was trying to hide in a corner as he held his hands in front of his face. The overseer, smelling of whiskey, was holding Billy off the floor by his neck. When he saw Isaac walk in, he dropped Billy and turned on Isaac.
"You damn nigger! Where'd you steal that rabbit from?"
Isaac was scared and talked fast. "Mr. Buford, I ain't steals no rabbit. I can explain where we gots him from. I's..." Buford drove his fist into Isaac's face before he could move and was knocked against the wall.
Buford turned on Billy again and kicked him in the chest. The boy was thrown back into Tommy. "Boy, you best tell me everything or I'll kill you right now! I'll kill you with my bare hands and then I'll get my whip and finish off Isaac."
He pulled Billy up to his feet. "Talk to me nigger!" He slapped Billy with the back of his hand.
Billy tried to say something but was crying too hard to talk.
The overseer was screaming. "I said talk!" He lifted Billy up off the floor by his shoulders and slammed his knee into the boy’s stomach. 
Billy collapsed to the floor and started to vomit. Buford started to stomp his foot onto Billy's head when someone knocked him into the wall. He was surprised but recovered quickly. He got up and turned to find Isaac standing before him.
Pointing a long finger at Isaac's face, he yelled, "You hit me nigger. You hit me! I'll hang you by your balls and kill you!" 
Isaac had lost the inborn fear of whites he had lived with for so long. "Touch that boy again an’ I’ll kill y’all!" He stood before the overseer with clinched fists.
Suddenly from behind, Tommy was on his feet and pushed Buford against the wall. The white man lost his balance and fell into the hard wood. As he turned and tried to blindly strike out, Isaac grabbed him and threw him across the room.
Buford landed in the small fireplace and his face was burned by the hot coals. Screaming, he rolled away from the coals and momentarily forgot about the two slaves. Before he could regain his senses, Isaac was over him.
Still confused from being injured, Buford heard a low, growling voice, "Where’s y’all whip now, Massa." 
Buford tried to stand but fell on his back. Looking up, he saw Isaac lean over him and he tried to kick him. "Nigger!"
Isaac took Buford by the neck with one hand and by the crotch with the other. As Buford screamed, Isaac drove the overseer's body against the wall. Again and again. The cabin shook with the force of Isaac's strength. A thunderous noise came from the cabin.
"Isaac!" A man's voice yelled from the door. "Isaac stop!"
Isaac, lost in his anger and hate, heard his name being called from what seemed like a great distance. He continued to slam the man into the wall.
"Isaac!"
Suddenly he stopped and held Buford's body in front of him. Slowly, he looked to the door. 
The voice spoke softer now. "Isaac, puts him down. He's dead."
Finally, he saw Mule standing near him. He looked at Mule and then at Buford. The wall in front of him was covered in blood, and the back of the overseer's head was a bloody pulp. Looking at Mule, he dropped Buford to the floor. 
"Isaac, y’all gots to run. Isaac?" Mule saw that Isaac was not moving. He just stood in front of the dead overseer and looked at Mule.
There were other slaves standing outside the cabin and losing their initial shock began talking. Some tried to get closer to the cabin.
Mule was scared and tried to think about what to do. He turned around and told the group, "Hush now. We got real problems. We don't need a mess of noise."
Everyone obeyed Mule and stood still.
Stepping up to Isaac, Mule put a hand on his shoulder and spoke softly, "Isaac, y’all got to listen." He gently squeezed the shoulder. "Listen to me. They's gonna kill y’all. It's time y’all gots out of here. Now! Tonight!"
Isaac was afraid to talk. He felt like he was standing in quicksand and could not move. Slowly he focused on Mule. "Mule?" 
Grinning, "Yez, it's me boy. Can y’all here me now?"
"Where's Billy?" 
Mule looked over at Billy who was on his hands and knees. He was no longer vomiting, but tears were streaming from his eyes and he was breathing in gulps. "He's fine. Don't worry 'bouts him. We take care of Billy." Shaking Isaac, "Y’all got to get gone!"
"Where?" He was still dazed. 
Pulling Isaac to the door. "Gets to the river and go upstream. Can y’all swim?"
"No."
"Okay. Just stays in the water when y’all can- that a throw the dogs off. Follow the river as far as y’all can."
He was seeing Mule's face clearly now. Aware of his surroundings, he knew he had to leave- and quickly. "What's I do if'in I can't follow the river no more'?"
Shaking his head, "I don't know. Y’all just does the best y’all can." Mule turned around and spoke to the other slaves. "Thomas, y’all gets Billy back to his ma and help take care of him. And, keeps his ma quite. We don't needs her squallin' and caring on."
The man named Thomas did as he was told. Entering the cabin, he gently picked Billy up and stepped to the door. Billy wanted to say something to Isaac but was hurting too much to speak. Isaac touched the boy's face as he was carried away.
Mule turned to another slave. "Get that new nigger and takes him to y’all's cabin." He glanced at the remaining slaves. "Rest of y’all, gets back to y’all's cabin. 'Less, y’all wants a piece of Massa's whip."
Everyone did as they were told and Mule and Isaac were left alone.
"Isaac, y’all gots to go. Now!"
Isaac was scared. He knew he had to leave, but at the same time he did not want to leave the only people he knew. "Mule?"
Pulling Isaac to the door, "Ain't no Mule 'bouts it. Gets to the river. And, if'in y’all here's somebody a comin', stays in the bushes. Get!"
Isaac suddenly found himself running toward the river. Some of the other slaves, afraid of what the next day would bring, watched from their cabins as Isaac made his way to the river and out of sight. No one said a word. 
Running along the river side, he tried to stay in the water as much as he could when the river banks were low and the water was shallow. Isaac hoped that he could keep the hunting dogs from tracking him as he ran into the darkness. For him, it seemed like he ran forever.
When it became too dark to see, he stopped and rested. Falling to the ground on his knees, Isaac tried to catch his breath. His chest burned and his legs were numb and weak. Every time he exhaled, it sounded as loud as thunder and he wondered if anyone could hear him. 
Finally, he was able to stand up, though his legs were still shaky. Without a full moon, Isaac had trouble seeing very far, but he knew that the darkness was a blessing for him. Slowly, he began to make his way along the river bank.
Walking for hours, he tried to concentrate on noises in the distance. Listening for horses, people, and the barking of dogs. He feared the approach of men, but the thought of hunting dogs terrified him. He had seen dogs kill people before and he no desire to die like that.
Well into the night, Isaac realized that he would have to rest. His emotions told him to keep going, but he knew that he needed to stop and regain his strength. Finding a thick grove of trees, he crawled underneath the branches of a fallen tree that would keep him secluded from anyone passing by. Isaac told himself that he would not sleep. He would only rest until sunlight, when he would start moving up river again. Leaning back, he listened and peered into the night. He watched. He listened. And finally, his eyes closed and he slept.
 But, as if only after a few minutes, he was startled and bolted up from where he was laying. The sun was rising up in the horizon as he quickly crawled out from the branches. Isaac was scared, but he did not know why. He shook his head and tried to clear his thoughts.
Suddenly, he heard what had woken him. Horses! Men's voices shouting. And, dogs!
Isaac, forgetting about how tired and weak he felt, started for the river without looking back. He was about to jump over the river bank and out of sight when the bullet struck his shoulder. The force knocked him to the ground. Isaac fell, again, as he tried to scramble to his feet. Quickly regaining his balance, he was up. Looking around, he felt confused as he tried to locate the river. Turning, Isaac saw the horses riding down on him.
The shotgun pellets blasted into his chest just before the dogs jumped on him. They ripped into his flesh as he cried out. Kicking and flailing out with his arms and legs, he tried to get away from the dogs. Losing control of his bowels, Isaac screamed out from pain and terror. Amazingly he could clearly hear the slave catchers talking.
"Once them hounds get through with him there won't be nothin' left for us." Isaac heard the high pitched voice giggle.
"Yeah, but they got to eat. That's why I always keep 'em a little hungry. They always track better when they're hungry." Both voices laughed loud and hard. "Jesus! That boy is startin' to smell. I think he messed his britches."
Isaac felt his neck being ripped open and sensed the blood and air bubbling from the hole in his windpipe. He knew his resistance was futile as the dogs continued to bite and tear into his body.
He felt no pain as he died. 
Isaac's soul left his body and he found himself standing in a field of thick green grass with wild flowers scattered about as far as he could see. A gentle breeze surrounded him. As his outstretched arms reached upward to the bluest sky he had ever seen, Isaac could feel the warmth of a powerful light descending upon him.
The light encircled and caressed Isaac.
He felt a joy that he had never known before this very moment. And a lifetime of fear and pain was erased from his very being.
Engulfed by the light, he was gently lifted upward. 
Isaac knew that he was a free man.



Flowers Under the Sun
One

Looking at the grove of trees from the window of her old bedroom, she smiled as she remembered the day she came home from the hospital. That was so long ago, nearly ten years, but the memories were still fresh. The excitement she had felt; happy to be leaving the hospital and the thrill of going home.
She could feel herself breathing faster as the thoughts and feelings swirled about her mind. Oh yes! The sensation that she could reach out and grasp that day ran through her. It was right in front of her.
She could almost feel the bounce of the old Ford pickup as it rounded the bend. In the distance, the outline of the house and the two barns sat against the horizon. The dairy barn was closest to the house and the horse barn sat off to the side near the grove of willows and the pond. She felt warm inside as she watched the herd of cows grazing on the rich, green grass.
Feeling the warmth of the Connecticut sunshine coming through the windshield, she felt both excited and afraid as she looked at her home at the top of the hill. She leaned forward in her seat as she looked to the white oak trees on the hillside, with the leaves turning a golden brown with the onset of fall, and the large pond she considered to be her own special place. She had spent many hours there reading and learning about herself. She smiled as she could feel the pickup getting  closer to home.
But Annie also remembered the hospital. She had been frightened the whole time she had been there. She remembered when her mother had become ill, two years before, and had gone off to the hospital and never came back. Annie expected the same to happen to her and could not understand why her father had made her stay in the place she feared so much. She wanted to get well at home. But at the same time, she knew that her injury was not something that could be taken care of at home. Though in the end, the hospital was not able to do much. The doctors and nurses smiled and told her cute, encouraging things that were supposed to make her feel better. Smiling outwardly, Annie kept her sadness inside.
The whole time she laid in bed within the confines of the green  walls of her hospital room she thought and dreamed of home. Everything would be okay there. In her heart, she knew this to be true. That was the driving force to keep her going during her time of healing. Nothing else mattered. Now her heart raced and pounded as she saw the house off in the distance through the trees. Annie wanted to jump out of the pickup and run for the house and to the people that waited for her. She could see her Uncle Jake and Aunt Melinda. Beside them was, Billy, their three year old son. Behind them stood the area friends that her father worked with and went to church with every Sunday. Annie could feel her heart beating through her chest. She wanted to see them, hold them, take them into her very being.
Her father, Jess, smiled at her as they neared the house. She wondered if he could notice her excitement and apprehension. And she tried to feel his own thoughts and fears that might haunt him about this day. Coming to a stop in front of the house, he wordlessly patted her on the head and got out. Coming around to Annie's door, he exchanged greetings with everyone and opened her door. Annie's uncle had the chair waiting for her as her father lifted her from the pickup seat and gently placed her into it. 
Uncle Jake, laughing and telling Annie how good she looked, turned the wheelchair toward the house. She saw the newly built wheelchair ramp leading from the front walk to the porch. At that moment in time, she felt crushed and knew that everything would never be all right. Annie felt a weight coming down on her as she realized that her legs would always be lifeless and she would be condemned to live her life in a wheelchair. She would never walk, run, or ride her horse again. Her legs were dead and so was her life. Feeling very much alone, Annie wanted to run away from everyone and everything.
"Let me go! Just let me go!" She was yelling at Jake who was stunned and thought he had done something to hurt her. She grabbed the wheels and tried to turn the chair away from the ramp. As she spun the wheels, one got caught in a hole and the chair was turned over spilling Annie to the ground. Jess and Uncle Jake tried to catch the chair but could not reach it in time. Annie hit the ground and began to cry as she felt everyone watching her.
Her father scooped her up from the ground and held her in his arms. He could feel her warm tears against his face as he carried her into the house and to her room. He laid Annie on her bed and wiped the tears from her face. Jess could feel the calluses of his hands rubbing against her soft face as he tried to find the right words.
Annie turned away from him and hid her face in the pillow.
"It will be okay." Jess was unsure of what to say or what to do. "Everything will be okay."
"Nothing will be okay. I'll always be stuck in that chair." Her crying was slowing down as she looked up at her father. "I'm nothing but a helpless baby ."
Jess felt desperate. "No. No. You're not helpless. You just have to adjust. Learn new ways of doing things."
She screamed, "Like falling out of chairs!" She put her face into her pillow and sobbed.
Patting her head, "It will be all right. Give it time." Jess stood and walked toward the door, "I'll check on you later." He gently closed the door behind him. Stopping in the hallway, he looked at the door and wanted to cry. The last time he felt like this was when his wife died, but he hid his feelings to help Annie get over the loss of her mother. Now, Anna was hurt and he could do nothing about it. Jess shook his head as he knew he was the one who felt helpless.
He found his younger brother in the kitchen making coffee. Pulling out a chair from the table, he eased himself behind the table as Jake offered him a cup. "Thanks. If it wasn't so early in the day I would settle for a beer. But this will do for now. Where is everybody?"
"Gone. How is she?" Jake had been very close to Annie before he married. And even though he now had a son, they still kept a close relationship.
Placing the coffee cup down, he looked up. "She still hasn't adjusted to being paralyzed. Annie has always been so active. Now, she feels her life has come to an end."
"She can still be active. It's just a matter of learning her abilities and her limitations."
"I know that Jake. But the trick will be getting Annie to know that. We can't force it on her." Jess shook his head. "We just have to help her. But I'm not sure how. Christ, she's only twelve years old."
"Look, things will work out. The answers will come. The trick for you is to be patient. It may take a week. It may take a month. Or, it could take longer." Jake took his brother's hand. "But however long it does take, let it happen naturally. And slowly." He took both cups for a refill. "The waiting will be the hardest part."
Jess looked up at the ceiling, as if trying to see Annie, and did not reply.
Annie stayed in her room the whole day. Jess took her some food which she nibbled at during the day and evening. Occasionally she would cry and sometimes she would lay staring at the ceiling looking into a nothingness. 
That night she slept restlessly and finally made herself get up. Her wheelchair, which she thought of as "the chair", was next to the bed. Effortlessly, she slid into it and looked about her room. Three shelves lined with dolls were in front of her. Her small bed was next to her with its lacy bedspread and matching curtains covered the window. Her father had left her room exactly as she had left it. She also noticed her study desk was a mess and decided she would clean the next day.
Turning the wheelchair to the door, she wanted to roam the house. Without thought, Annie approached the door to open it and then realized she could not open it with the chair in the way. Backing up, she reached forward and turned the doorknob with her outstretched hand. The door hinges squeaked as Annie swung it open and she wondered if her father had woken up from the sound.
With her old, natural humor, she thought, "Oh well, I've been grounded before." Annie wheeled herself out of her room.
The walls of the hallway were lined with family pictures which always made Annie think of Norman Rockwell. She liked looking at herself and her parents from their life together. She stopped at one which showed her mother and herself sitting by the pond. Annie had been five at the time and found a fascination in the ducks. She loved throwing bread at them and would scream with delight when they swam toward her. 
Her hand touched the glass cover of the frame as she silently cried for her mother. With a whisper, she called out for her. The tears felt warm on her face as she searched the other pictures. As she came to the end of the hall, she looked around at the den. She sensed a feeling of homesickness as she scanned over the plump sofa and other furniture. Visions of cooking marshmallows in the fireplace surged into her mind. Laughter filled her thoughts as she remembered throwing popcorn at her father as they watched a movie on the TV. Annie sat in silence and let these memories come into her.
Blinking her eyes several times, Annie looked out the den window to the pond. The water reflected the glow of the moon which hung over the willows and surrounding bushes. She felt drawn toward the water as if it were a safe haven. She decided she wanted to visit the pond. Approaching the back door from an angle, Annie opened it slowly to avoid any noise and moved herself onto the back porch. Peering down the dark ramp, she was unsure if she could make it down without losing control of her chair.
Annie had to giggle at the thought of rolling wildly down the ramp in the middle of the night. The ramp was about ten feet long which made it less steep, but in the dark it appeared to go forever. Giggling again, she whispering to herself, "Boy, Dad would kill me for sure if I messed this up."
Slowly, Annie neared the ramp and edged herself forward. Grasping the wheels firmly, she eased the chair down the ramp without mishap. At the bottom, she turned her head and looked back at the ramp. "I'll have it mastered in one day." Annie shook her head in defiance.
The pond was fifty yards from the house and Annie pointed herself toward the trees and with great effort wheeled herself toward it. After a few minutes, she arrived at the edge of the grove. She felt tired from the work of wheeling the chair over the rough ground - not as easy as the smooth tile floors at the hospital - but at the same time she felt satisfied in the accomplishment. Annie rolled her arms to ease to pain from the hard work.
She inspected the grove which circled halfway around the pond. It was too dark inside the grove to see anything so she made her way to the edge the pond. As she watched the water, she thought that the moonlight almost laid on the water like a blanket. It gave her a feeling of warmth against the night's chill.
Annie felt entranced by the water. She began to relax and allowed herself to be taken into the pond's peacefulness. Her emotions were soothed and her mind followed the ripples of the water into a serene sleep.
As her body surrendered to the tranquility, her mind and spirit were set free and Annie found herself riding her horse - Thunder. The large, black gelding was running smoothly through a field of tall grass which climbed up and down with the hills. Annie held Thunder's long mane and her legs held her in place as she rode bareback. She cried with laughter and shook her head in the wind. And, they charged forth.
The sun made a perfect picture against the blue sky. Annie could smell the fragrance of the wild flowers that were scattered in with the grass. Thunder charged forth over one hill and to the next without slowing. As the grass parted to let them onward and each hill rolled behind, Annie could see a tree line off in the distance. It ran parallel with their path and far into the distance Annie could see the trees slowly cut a path in front of them.
They ran for miles, but Thunder kept his pace and never tired. Nearing the trees, the sun warming Annie's face, she peered toward the trees which were still off in the horizon. Annie could hear her name being called. It was distant and almost echoed. The voice, still far away, called again. As Thunder came to the top of the last hill he stopped and his nostrils flared. Angrily he stepped backwards and stomped a hoof. He shook his head angrily and stepped back further.
Annie heard her name again and looking to the tree line she saw what Thunder had spotted. Blinking several times, her eyes focused on an empty wheelchair sitting at the edge of the trees. Almost patiently, the chair waited for her. She felt confused as a hand gently shook her shoulder.
"Annie. Annie. Hey kid, you gonna get a crick in your neck sleeping like this." Uncle Jake smiled down at her.
Yawning, she rubbed her neck. "Well, I can't argue with you about that." Smiling, she padded his hand. "But, a good hot bath will take care of my neck."
Jake squatted down beside her. "Well tell me, how did ya manage to get all the way out here?"
She imitated her uncle, "Well, I'll tell ya. It wasn't easy. That there grass is pretty thick and makes coming' an' goin' pretty hard." Annie giggled and reached to give Jake a hug.
He returned Annie's affection and stood up. "How about I give you a hand back. We got breakfast cooking. No reason to miss it."
"I am hungry. Let's go." She turned the chair around for him. "Jake, I want to say I'm sorry about screaming at you yesterday. It wasn't your fault."
Pushing the wheelchair, he smiled down at her. "Don't worry about it. Yesterday was tough for you. No reason to say you're sorry." As they neared the house, they were both silent. Annie could feel a heaviness coming over her. The dream of riding Thunder was fading from her and she began to feel empty.
Jake pushed her up the ramp and helped her into the house. Jess had the table set and was waiting on them. "Well, the mid-night wanderer returns." He smiled at them.
Annie shook a finger at him. "I'll have you know that I was in my bed at mid-night."
"Okay, You left your room at one-thirty to be precise." He tried to act stern.
"Oh, you were awake?" Annie made a face at Jake.
"No. I was asleep. Your squeaky door woke me up." He looked at his brother and winked. "So, you were bored or what?"
"Well...," she paused for effect. "I would say I missed the place and wanted to get reacquainted with my surroundings."
"That's a good excuse. Did you come up with that last night or just now?" He laughed and started to eat.
Throwing a biscuit at her father she laughed with him.
Annie ate a full meal but became silent. Jess and her uncle let her have her space and did not push her into conversation. When she was finished , she excused herself from the table and went to her room. As with the day before, Annie stayed in her room and even forgot about the bath she had wanted.
With the passing of time, Annie got into a daily routine and her father hired a teacher to come to the house and tutor her. He also assigned her chores which she learned to do from the chair with ease. But Annie remained distant and quiet going through the days unable to feel or care.
Though she never went back to the grove that fall, she frequently sat at her window and looked out over the water and trees. This solitude concerned her father, but it did give Annie an inner comfort. And as she felt the shadows of the seasons pass through her room, Annie wondered if her life had anything to offer her.
Watching the seasons go by from her window, she completed her daily routines without feeling or thought. She had her days of cheerfulness, she occasionally argued with her father, and she had the outward appearance of being content. But Annie always remained emotionally detached from everything. Her sense of caring and joy were lost. 



TWO

With the coming of spring, Annie became restless and missed the solitude of the pond and trees. In the early hours of a warm morning, she made her way back to the grove and sat by the pond.
Sitting in the shade, a cool breeze came over the pond to cool her face. Her eyes followed the ducks across the water as she tilted her head to allow her hair to blow back. A feeling of comfort washed over her as she began to relax and her troubles were washed from her mind. 
"Why do you look so sad?" A question coming from behind her.
Annie was startled by the familiar voice. One which had been gone for such a long time. She quickly turned in her chair to look behind her. Feeling an ecstatic apprehension of joy and hope.
"Mama!" Calling out to find no one near. Feeling confused, knowing she heard the voice, she peered into the trees. Searching but seeing no one.
"Why do you look so sad?" Again she jumped at the sound. Spinning the wheelchair about, she rolled to the edge of the grove. Leaning forward as if trying to reach out to the voice. Not only the voice, but also the emotional security it offered.
"Mama! Where are you?" Pleading. "Please let me see you!" A tear rolled from the corner of one eye. Her hands quivered as they grasped the armrests of her chair. Her fingers white with the tension of holding on. Remembering her mother's touch, her smell, the warmth she had given her. She wanted so much to see her. Hold her and be held.
"I am not your mother," the voice stated matter-of-factly. "Why do you look so sad?"
Annie realized the voice was very much like her mother's, but also quicker and more precise. At that moment, she saw a small bird resting under a bush. The bird appeared to be studying her. Jumping out from under the bush, he cocked his head to one side, "Now you look puzzled. Can you not make up your mind how you want to feel?"
She rolled her chair backwards and stared at the bird. Annie spoke quietly, "You're a bird."
"You are very astute. But, actually, I am a robin." He balanced himself easily on one leg.
"I know you are a robin," Annie replied almost impatiently. "What I mean is that birds cannot speak."
"If I cannot speak, then why are we conversing?" His two small eyes were blinking as he made his reply.
Annie studied the bird with its small colorful body. Suddenly she was laughing and felt an intense happiness. She moved her chair closer to the bird. "So how can you speak?"
Hopping up onto the arm of the chair, the bird replied, "That I do not know. But, if it is God’s will, is it not possible?”
“Yes.” Annie smiled at him. “It’s just not everyday that you meet a talking bird.”
“Does that bother you."
"Oh no! I think that's terrific. Have you always been able to talk." Annie gingerly petted the robin's feathers.
"I have always been able to speak to other birds. Have you always been able to speak?"
Laughing again, "Of course."
"To birds?" He cocked his head to one side and watched her.
"Well, no. I must say that you are the first bird that I have ever talked with. Are there other birds that can talk?'
"I speak with other animals all the time." He jumped from the armrest to her knee. "It has been a long time since you have come out here to sit by the water. Why?"
"I don't know." She looked away from the bird. "I used to come out here all the time."
"I know."
"But, it reminds me of my mother and being able to walk and run." 
"You thought I was your mother when I first spoke to you. Why?"
Annie petted the bird again. "Your voice sounds a little like hers."
"I see." He hopped down to the ground to look for bugs. "Why don't you look as happy as you used to look?"
"I guess I cannot get used to living in this chair. Every day I wake up thinking how great it would be to do the things I used to do. I miss going to school and seeing my friends. Playing. Just doing things." Annie moved her chair closer to the water's edge.
"Why don't you go to school with your friends?"
"My father didn't want to make it hard on me. He hired a tutor to come out here three times a week to teach me. He says next year I'll will go back to school."
"I think your father made a wise decision. There is no reason to rush things. It can be difficult to learn new ways of doing things."
Sighing and then putting on a big smile, Annie looked at the bird. "Tell me about you."
For the rest of the morning, they talked and learned about each other. Annie had made a new friend, and when her father hollered her name from the porch she reluctantly left the bird.



THREE

Annie followed her father outside where they sat under a tree and watched Jake work with one of the horses. He was the one who had given her an interest in riding. Jake had a natural style with horses and loved to train them. His easy manner had rubbed off on Annie.
Jess looked at Annie. "You're deep in thought. Care to share them?"
Smiling, she nodded her head. "I just miss the horses. Sometimes I want to get on Thunder and ride into the forest."
Her father stood up and waved toward his brother. "Well I don't see why we can't accommodate you."
Jake reined the horse out of the coral and trotted toward them. A bee buzzed by the horse's head causing her to rear up on its hind legs. Jake calmly leaned forward and gently patted her neck. The horse relaxed and set her front legs down.
Annie was giggling as Jake trotted up to them. Dismounting, Jake smiled broadly. "You been teachin' my filly to act up?"
Laughing, "No. She learned it all on her own. Besides, it good for you."
Her uncle took his hat off and scratched his head. "Well girl, how do ya figure that?"
Moving her chair toward Jake, she slapped his chest. "Keeps you on your toes."
"Jess, this girl is gettin' a little sassy. What do you think?"
"Your right. I think she needs to ride it off. Wanna help?"
Annie looked at the two adults and shook her head. "Oh no! I'll fall off. Or do you have a seat belt rigged up? Knowing you two, I can see you doing something like that."
Jess looked at his brother. "Hey, that's a thought. Actually, Annie, we'll do something easier."
Jake turned to the horse and patted her left leg and whistled. The horse slowly lowered herself to the ground. He petted her between the ears and looked at Annie. "Let's go."
Still shaking her head, "How I am supposed to get on the horse? Or stay on?"
Jess picked her up and placed her on the saddle. Jake gave her the reins and then got on behind her. Scooting in close to Annie, he put an arm around her. He slapped the filly's rump with a hand and the horse reluctantly stood up.
Annie felt unsure of herself, but she was also excited. "How am I going to keep from falling off?"
"I've got ya. Would I let you fall off?"
"Well, who's got the horse?" Annie was feeling excited.
"Girl, you got the reins. You haven't forgotten how to rein a horse have you?"
She put an elbow into his side. "No! But where to?"
Jake gestured forward with his free hand. "It's your show girl. Take off."
She pointed the horse to the right of the trees and Jake slapped the filly's rump with his hand. With that the horse was running at an easy lope and Annie was laughing and yelling with delight.
Jake was pleased at Annie's reaction to being back on a horse. He had been afraid that she would be scared and refuse to get on the filly. "By gosh girl! You act like you never rode a horse before."
"Oh Jake, this is great. I feel free. I feel like I could go on forever and never stop." Annie felt ecstatic.
"Well, before you go on forever, let me get off. I'll be gettin' hungry come lunch time."
Annie elbowed her uncle again. "Let's go faster!"
With a light kick from Jake, the filly was at a full gallop and Annie had an arm in the air and yelling, "Charge!"
When they got around to the opposite side of the pond, Annie slowed the horse down to a walk too allow it to rest. "This is great Jake. Thank you."
"Thank the filly. She's doing all the work."
"Thank you." She leaned over and hugged the horse’s neck.
They continued to ride for the rest of the morning and returned home. Annie was exhausted, but happy. She ate lunch and took a nap. That afternoon, she decided to visit the pond.
She sat by the water hoping that the robin would show up. She wanted to talk to him again. Annie had come to like the bird in their first meeting and wanted to continue the friendship.
After a few minutes, the robin came out from behind a small tree. He hopped over to Annie. "How are you?"
"I am great. How are you?" She smiled down at the bird.
"I am fine. Thank you for asking." He blinked his eyes and jumped up to her knee.
"I was wondering if you would talk to me again. I was afraid you would not come back."
"When you came up, I was eating a worm. I did not think you would want to watch me eat it. It gets a bit messy." He hopped to the other knee and watched her.
Annie made a face and stuck her tongue out. "Yuck. I can pass on watching you eat worms."
"I saw you on the horse."
"Oh, that was wonderful! I thought I would never ride a horse again." Annie smiled widely.
His eyes gleamed. "You did look happy." He looked curiously at Annie. "Why do you not tend the flowers? You used to but no more."
Annie was surprised by the question and took a few seconds to answer. "They can live without my help." She looked away from her friend. "They're flowers. They don't need me."
"There is something else?" He shifted legs.
Glancing at the robin, she smiled half-heartedly. "My father asked me the same thing."
"What did you tell him?"
"I was not very nice to him. I said some things I really didn't mean." She felt slightly embarrassed.
"Why?" He tilted his head to one side.
"I was mad." Annie moved the chair closer to the bird. "Not at him."
"What were you mad at?"
"Nothing. Everything." She shook her head. "I was angry because of my injury. There's no one to blame for the accident. It just happened. It wasn't the first time I had fallen off a horse. But, I just wanted to be mad. If I couldn't have what I wanted then I didn't want anything."
The robin gently flapped his wings and placed himself on Annie's knee. "Are you still mad?"
"Yes. But, not like then. It's difficult to put into words. I feel like I've been cheated. Like I was robbed."
"The flowers? You said they did not need you."
She looked quickly toward the flower garden. "No, they're just plants." Annie wanted to cry. "Give them some water and sunshine and they'll last forever."
Looking for bugs, he dropped down to the grass. "But you thought differently before?"
"What?" She looked at him curiously.
"You did not always think that way. Your feelings changed after the accident." He peered into the grass.
She felt confused by the statement. She knew he was right. "Why do you say that?"
"Because it's true." The robin's beak snatched up a bug and he gobbled it down with satisfaction. "Before the accident, you worked in the flower bed everyday. You watered them, kept the weeds out, cared for the weak ones. You nurtured them." He quickly turned and struck another bug.
"I used to love working in the flower bed. I had a passion for the flowers. Especially the roses. I thought they could not live without my attention. I kinda thought I was their mother. Their guardian." Annie looked down at the bird. "How did you know I spent so much time with them?"
"I watched you. You cared for them everyday. You even talked to them." He looked up at her as tears gently flowed from her eyes. He looked puzzled as his head tilted to one side. "Did they talk to you?"
She wiped the tears away with her hand and allowed herself a smile. "No." She paused. "Well, yes. Not like you and I are talking. But they talked to me on the inside. They made me happy. Does that make sense?"
"Oh, yes. But can you not still talk to them?” He paused for a moment. “Can they not still talk to you?
"I don't think I could hear them?"
"Do you not hear your father? Or me?"
Her smile broadened. "That's different."
"It's only different if you want it to be. The roses will talk if you listen." He flew back to Annie's knee. "They may exist and survive without you. But with you, they bloom to their fullest. And as they need you, so you need them. As you help them to bloom, they will help you to bloom." He hopped to the other knee. "Everyone wants to be needed. As well, everyone wants to have something to need."
Annie looked to the sky but did not say anything.
Jumping about, the robin asked, “So, why are you still mad?”
A slight grin appeared on her face. “Did anyone ever tell you that you have a habit of changing the subject?”
“No.” He tilted his head to one side and blinked his eyes. “Why do you stay angry?”
The grin left her as she became serious. “I cannot understand why God would do this to me.”
“Do what?”
“Make me paralyzed.” She could not look at the bird as she spoke.
He hopped up to her knee. “God did not make you paralyzed. You merely fell off your horse.” 
“But, He could have prevented it. He could have kept me safe.”
“Sometimes it is not his way to intervene.” The robin looked at her with compassion. “As a small child learning to walk, did not your parents allow you to fall?”
She spoke slowly, “Well, yes. But when learning to walk, you are going to fall. It’s just part of the process.”
The robin’s face seemed to smile. “Exactly! In order to grow, you have to fall sometimes. On the other hand, sometimes it is His will for you to fall.”
Annie looked at him.
“Maybe it is within his plans that you fell.” 
“Why?” 
“That I do not know.” He flapped his wings and hopped to her shoulder. “But, consider the rose. Sometimes to admire the beauty of the flower, you have to get past the thorns. They can be painful, but the beauty is well worth it.” The robin’s voice was very serene. “Such is Christ. The road can be narrow and difficult at times, but His love is well worth the effort. Just do not allow your anger to let you stray from His path.”
“Sometimes it’s difficult.”
“Yes it is. But all you have to do is ask for His help. He will always hold your hand. All you have to do is ask.”
Annie remained quite for a while and thought about what the robin had said. She knew she missed working in the flower bed, but she also knew that she could not crawl around on her knees to tend the flowers. "How am I supposed to take care of the flowers when I'm stuck in this chair?"
He studied her face. "How do you get out of bed every day? How do you get out here to the pond?"
"I just do it." 
"Exactly." 



FOUR

Later in the week, Annie was completing a homework assignment and she heard her father's pickup pull up along side the house. He had been gone all morning, but had not told her what he would be doing that day. Usually he spent all day working with the dairy cows. But today he changed his routine.
She wheeled herself outside and found a large trailer behind the pickup. The trailer was full a dirt and three huge wooden boxes. They were all ten feet long. And to Annie, they looked like giant caskets. Her father was getting out of the cab. With him were two of his hired  hands. 
"Hi Daddy. Where've you been?"
Jess leaned over and gave Annie a hug. "Been out stirring up trouble."
She slapped his side. "Oh Daddy!" Annie pointed at the trailer. "You going into the coffin business?"
Jess laughed at her joke. "No little girl. Those are flower boxes. I figured you might be missin' gettin' dirty with the flowers."
Annie cried out with delight and hugged him again. "Oh thank you. Thank you! How did you know I wanted to plant some flowers?"
"I was laying in bed the other morning listening to the birds sing and it just came to me." He patted her head. "So, I had these boxes built and got some dirt." He looked at the boxes and grinned. "But, I'll tell you, those boxes are mighty heavy. We'll most likely break our backs getting them out of the trailer."
"You'll survive." She patted his side. "And, if your back hurts afterwards, I'll massage your back by rolling my chair over you."
They both laughed. "I'll get back to you on the back message." He winked at her as he turned to help his workers.
Annie was thrilled as she watched the men place the boxes along the side of the house. After they finished filling them up with dirt, she found that they were just the right height for her to work in from her chair.
Jess had also bought some roses which Annie planted that afternoon. She spent the day digging in the dirt, placing the flowers carefully in the soil, and watering them. She decided she would have to sew herself an apron to carry her garden tools. 
Late that evening, Annie came into the house. Jess looked at her and laughed.
"What?" Annie was laughing to.
"Little girl, you need to look in a mirror. You're covered top to bottom with dirt. Did you leave any dirt in the boxes?"
"Yes!" She acted mad. "You want to give me a hug?" She was smiling at him.
"We'll talk hugs after you've had a bath." He was backing away from her. 
And as this day ended, a new day was born for Annie. She found a renewed joy in the flowers. She spent that spring working in the flower boxes and visiting with the robin. Annie found peace and contentment within herself. The emotional scars were healing as Annie found herself again.



FIVE

She found the robin sitting by the water eating a bug. They had become good friends over the past few months and she had learned many things about herself from the bird. She hoped that he would never go away. But, now she was the one that was leaving - if only for a short time.
"You seem to have something on your mind. Are you troubled?" The robin gobbled down the bug and hopped up to her chair.
"I am leaving for a few weeks." She petted him. "I'm just afraid that you won't be here when I return.
He turned his head to one side as if contemplating the remark. "I do not see why I would not be here. Do you?"
Annie laughed at the bird. "No. It's just a silly girl thing I guess." She held out her hand arm and the robin jumped to it. Annie held the bird in front of her face. Smiling, "It's just a fear of the unknown."
Blinking his eyes, "Ah. But, you have been to the unknown and you are still here. Aren't you?"
"Maybe." Annie looked to the water.
"So, where are you off to?"
"My aunt's house. She lives up in Maine. I have not seen her since before my accident."
"It will be good for you to see her again. How long will you be gone?"
"About three to four weeks." Annie sighed. "Then I have to come back and get ready for school."
The robin watched Annie. "I thought you were happy to go back to school with your friends?"
"I am. But kids aren't supposed to act happy about going back to school." She smiled at him.
"Is that one of those girl things?"
Laughing, "Yes. Something like that."
As they said their good-byes for the summer, Annie forgot about the wheelchair. She felt the freedom of the wind blowing through her hair. For that brief time, she was simply a young girl again.  



SIX

Peering out from her old bedroom window at the grove of trees she smiled. A ray of sunshine coming from over the treetops warmed her face. Annie felt content as she thought back over the years.
There had been a brief time in her adulthood that she doubted the robin. Though in her mind, she could always hear his voice in the distance. The robin had led her from the shadows of agony and into the light. Yes, in her heart she could still hear the voice and see the emotions in the eyes of her friend.
She placed her hand on the window and felt the warmth of the sun on the pane. Annie looked to the grove, and as if whispering to her, she could hear the roses talking to her heart and smell them surrounding her very being.
She smiled as she backed away from the window and wheeled herself down the hallway.
She left the grove of trees behind as the car made its way along the road. Hidden from view in the grove, under a low bush, a robin sat and watched her leave. As the car drove away, the robin stood on one leg and a twinkle came from his eyes.



The Old Man in the Clouds

With a cherry wood box resting under his left arm, Trever strolled into the garden and stopped. Looking around him, he slowly let his eyes pass over the many flowers and plants that were the pride of his father. This place - this botanical haven of his childhood - always drew him in times of trouble and deep thought. Smiling, Trever made his way to the marble bench and sat down. Setting the box beside him, he closed his eyes and allowed the sweet aroma of the flowers to fill his head.
His father had built the garden before Trever was born and had taught him the joy of working with plants and watching them grow. The garden had been constructed in a circular pattern with a stone path leading from the house. The path led into the center of the garden, which was also laid with stone and highlighted with a marble fountain in the middle. Surrounding it was a marble bench. The various plants and flowers were scattered about with life size roman statues facing inward from the perimeter. Trever remembered that as a small child, he always expected the statues to come to life and talk to him.
He opened his eyes and looked to the box resting beside him, which had been a gift from Alexander Hamilton on his twenty-first birthday. He patted the top of the box as he admired the silhouette of Mr. Hamilton on the lid. This gift was a valued treasure for Trever and he kept it well taken care of.
Looking into the pool of water in the fountain, Trever tried to look into the reflection of his eyes. He wondered what was beyond the windows to his soul, but the reflection gave no hint for him. Running a hand through the water, he watched Oliver, his life long servant and confidant, walking down the stone path.
Smiling, "Good morning Oliver."
"Good morning to you Mr. Trever. How are you feeling today?" He nodded his head toward his charge.
"I am wonderful!" He stood up and placed his hands on Oliver's shoulders. "I feel great."
"You have not been feeling ill?" 
"No, not in two or three days. Isn't that marvelous?"
"Indeed it is sir." He allowed himself to smile back at Trever. "Is there anything I can get for you?"
Dramatically stepping away from Oliver, he pointed out a section of roses. "Aren't these beautiful!"
Oliver was pleased with Trever's enthusiasm, which was a pleasant change from the past. He had been greatly concerned about him, but now thought that everything would be all right again. He was happy to see Trever's change of health over the last few weeks. "Yes sir, the roses are perfect."
Turning back to Oliver, "Actually I would like to write a letter to Father and Mother. Would you bring my portable desk?"
"I would be happy to. I'll be right back" He turned and left Trever admiring the flowers.
Wandering among the flowers, he remembered the times as a child of playing hide-and-seek with Oliver here in the maze of plants and statues. He always won the games, but even as a child he knew that Oliver would let him win. Happy and feeling carefree, he allowed himself to be carried away by the memories. 
After a few minutes, Oliver was back with his portable desk. "Will there be anything else, sir?"
"No. No thank you." He took the portable desk from Oliver and returned to the bench. "Oliver I want you to know that I have always considered you my best friend. You have always been here for me." He smiled up to Oliver.
"Thank you sir."
"I just wanted to say that.” He cocked his head to one side. “I had been thinking back to the times as a child. Very fond memories. You helped make them so. I will never forget the things you have done for me."
Oliver was flattered with the compliment and appreciated Trever's intensity and dramatic display of affection, which had been a characteristic of his since childhood. "Thank you, sir." He turned to leave, "I will check on you later, sir."
"Thank you." Trever turned his attention to the desk.
The portable desk was a box two feet long and one foot wide. It was three inches deep and had a slanted top to accommodate writing. Trever raised the lid to reveal the inner contents. He removed his writing paper, a quill, a small jar of ink, and a small piece of paper for removing the excess ink from the paper. 
Setting everything neatly to one side, he realized it was almost time to leave. Trever closed the lid and placed a sheet of paper on the desk. He began a habitual process of dipping the quill into the ink, writing, and dabbing the excess ink from the paper. Doing so without thought, he wrote the letter to his parents.
Dear Mother and Father,
I hope this letter finds you both well. I hear that London has been having good weather this time of year, though the last news papers we received were two weeks late. Apparently the cargo ship had run into rough weather and had to take an alternate route.
I have been fine. The headaches I told you about in the last letter had gotten much worse, but the doctor gave me a bottle of medicine. It has an atrocious taste, though after a while it is bearable to swallow. It does help relieve the pain and I have learned to appreciate its effects. Oliver makes sure that I take my daily doses - I do not know what I would do without him.
I had lunch with Mr. Jefferson last week and he sends his best wishes to you both. He seems to have grown older since becoming president, but he still attacks his job with the same vigor. He is very excited about the purchase of the western territories from the French. Though he told me that the British were extremely upset over the acquisition. He feels there may be some trouble with them over this in the future. 
Have you heard any rumors from your side of the ocean about Pres. Jefferson's business with the French? I would be curious as to what they might be.
I do hate to make this a short letter, but I have an appointment I must make. I met a new friend about a week ago and he has been asking me to come visit him. So, today I will be off to call on him. I think he will be terribly happy to see me.
As I said, I only met him last week. I had been riding in the carriage from town when I happened to look up and admire the clouds. There had been a tremendous storm brewing that afternoon and my head had been hurting quite severely. I even had to take a double dose of the medicine, which I have been having to do frequently. But please don't say anything to Oliver about this - he would not be pleased.
But, as I was looking upward, I happened to notice that in the mist of one particularly large cloud was sitting an old man. I could not see him very well for he was hidden in the depths of the cumulus vapors. I simply stared at him in wonderment and within a few minutes he looked right at me and asked how I was feeling.
Ever since then, we have spoken nearly every day. Even on the sunny days, he has managed to find his way to me. I have looked forward to his visits and our conversations. He has a very soothing voice and it helps relax me.
I know that if you were ever to meet him, you would find him intriguing and his company enjoyable.
Well, I must be off. I will try to write again soon.
Your loving son,
Trever L. Bishop

Trever laid the quill next to the ink well and neatly folded the letter. Looking at it, he felt a sense of fulfillment and satisfaction. He placed the portable desk next to him on the bench with the letter inside it. Looking around at the garden, distant memories of his boyhood and happiness rushed through him. 
Turning to the cherry wood box, he picked it up and placed it on his lap. Opening the lid, he stared at the gun inside. He had prepared it with a ball and powder earlier in the morning before coming to the garden. Removing it from the box, Trever felt himself relax.
Without thought or hesitation, he gently placed the muzzle against his temple. Trever slowly inhaled as he looked up to the sky. He saw that storm clouds were moving in to cover the sun as a shadow fell over the garden.
He pulled the hammer back and closed his eyes. 
Sighing, he tightened his grip on the gun. With little effort, Trever gently applied pressure to the trigger as he heard his name being called from the clouds above. Suddenly he took a quick, deep breath and pulled the trigger.
The explosion of the gunpowder echoed through the garden and his body fell to the floor. With a last, fleeting image as the bullet tore through his head, Trever's mind caught a glimpse of the old man. As if looking through fog, he was barely visible and difficult to see.
The old man, hiding in the folds of the clouds, was looking down into the garden. He was stooped over and had long, thin white hair. Two cold eyes, sitting over a hooked nose, were staring eagerly in anticipation at Trever's final actions. 
The old man smiled and nodded his head in encouragement.
The image faded as Trever died.


###
