





Nomad’s Asking


Tristam Joseph




Smashwords Edition





Text Copyright 2019

All Rights Reserved

ISBN 978-0-9619272-2-6


Content’s Intermissions



Pause one


Pause two


Pause three


Pause four


Pause five


Pause six








Other Writings








Nomad’s Asking

Nomad:  Created to lack essential understanding with questions never answered, bearing innate callings to search out my Creator, I am a species scattered throughout this wasteland, searching to discover a Supreme Being, exercising my reason as needed if One never appears. 

Minerva:  Your Creator limits reason’s ability to develop wisdom, sending you more than is needed, reaching out with His essential message for making your existence complete, selecting humans to be prophets for its delivery, assuring the Creator-God transcends His cosmos to safe-guard its goodness and beauty bearing His love. God’s prophets direct people to consider only pure thoughts and virtuous deeds for expounding His commands, acknowledging His power and righteousness, and witnessing to the goodness of His Words responsible for developing Creation’s humans from innocent beasts He breathed souls into. God’s Words existed before the cosmos, its heaven and earth, before everything’s beginnings. His commands are greater than any other, beyond all ours developed as holy, superior to any conceived by our learning. Prophets teach us to gain and live by God’s truth, knowledge to understand His Creation’s goodness and appreciate its beauty. 

Anónima:  God assigns me to send His messages through prophets He chooses. I obey Him, having done His Will, but no messengers have proven successful in seeing His Will be done, with no one accepting to exist by mandates for joy in a Creation filled with His love, beauty and goodness. Humans instead chose to life by truths they create.

Muggins:  I don’t need some prophet to know myself, defining what I should be, ordering me to deny what my will chooses to do. Prophets come and go, each with their own convictions, thinking they are scholars equipped to create their own wisdom, philosophers claiming sagacity invented by themselves.

Pyrrho:  Why are we here if prophets tell us to abstain from things of the world, life as humans have developed for their existence, practices our makeup commits us to follow? Is it some punishment our Creator destines us to suffer?

Anónima:  Respecting God’s pleasure and wisdom that reflect His goodness incorporated in Creation, humans cannot speculate He destines them for wrath, cursing them for thoughts and deeds they will and deliver.

Minerva:  Prophets are not sent to deny the world. God sends them to show us how to accept our existence here, teaching us to pray for understanding how He defines each one of us and His will for us.

Muggins:  Does this safe-guarding God redeem His people as well, knowing He trashes their existence with death? Can anyone trust His prophets making claims to be the Savior, seeing our destruction conflicts with proclamations of His goodness? 

Minerva:  He treats everyone the same, coming to all humans with messages they can understand, differing only in dialects they comprehend.

Schaman:  God should create humans to speak with a single language, and maybe He did until He forced a scrambling of their tongues, isolating them into a diversity precluding bonds of unity and cooperation. Dispersed humans, secluded in islands of their own, create unique doctrines and dogmas, committing all to be litigious, and they appoint priests and legal experts to examine every case of seditious violation and justify punishments to satisfy noncompliance, declaring justice a human right authorized by reason. 

Pyrrho:  Litigious people never live without conflict, developing decrees to attack others, tolerating no one and nothing, exercising reason to distrust everything, giving humans a formula for turmoil, instigating discord with its use.

Muggins:  Any God transcending Creation but only through messengers He chooses, selects humans He authorizes and trusts to be effective, thinking they will comprehend and obey His Words. To be effective He should appear in person.

Minerva:  If people can't recognize God’s messages by listening to what’s inherently intuitive in their soul, He sends His Word in flesh, appearing in substance as proxies called prophets. God never stops sending oracles, knowing they will be challenged by learned scholars, reasoning theology must be applied for peoples’ understanding, using doctrines conceived from messages He sent previously, imbedded in religions scribes and scholars engender, synthesizing faith and reason, involving human intellectual participation, acting as God invites everyone to maintain an indissoluble connection with their transcendent Supreme Being.

Muggins:  You acknowledge His Word incarnated must come in many dialects, transformed to each audience’s liking. 

Pyrrho:  Their likings change so often that God must revise His messages for acceptance by human’s fickle thoughts and reason.

Minerva:  Time doesn’t nourish growth and progress for people’s mindful endeavors and destroys memories of prophets delivering God's message, its good intentions being forgotten, its truth being lost. Essential features reported by each new prophet include piety with reverence for Creation’s goodness, renunciation of all distortion for God’s truth, acceptance of harmony He dictates for human existence, and repudiation of trust in holy wars, combat believed to please God's will with scholarly development of religious doctrines and dogmas to satisfy His pleasure. 

Muggins:  Time becomes my savior, wiping away memories, allowing me to continue a chase for happiness and ignore divine truths barring my way.

Minerva:  God directs prophets’ appearances, confronting us with His truths, arousing provisions He deposits in our souls before any can be sensed and manipulated by reason, and His messages continue coming until people concede their need to believe in God and acknowledge importance for doing what He asks them to do.

Azusa:  New prophets arrive, authorized to deliver God's message and cleanse people's perceptions, modifying their settled superstitions by confronting them with His epistles, preserving them as verities claimed to be more than footnotes, but they eventually become dogmas tarnishing all His truths. Prophets teach us to gain and live by wisdom, providing knowledge to understand God's goodness with openness to appreciate Creation’s beauty, precluding any need to sacrifice by practicing destruction of His Creation by following human ignorance’s inclination to kill and destroy. 

Muggins:  Can reason explain how God’s followers believe He is in control, justifying claims He makes us do it, the bad with the good?

Pyrrho:  People follow many gods of wisdom honoring both war and peace, human achievements in arts and music, efforts to study Creation’s mysteries, means for commerce to provide their wants and desires beyond God’s provisions promised for human needs, gods showing them how to become themselves, to disciple themselves and develop their own wisdom, deferring to no one else’s, all others being superstition, the bane of ignorance. These gods include idols promoting both the bad and the good.

Muggins:  I need no prophet’s guidance to change my ways, for redefining me to better myself, for advising me on all I must do. Prophets come and go, each with their own convictions, with some thinking they are more than philosophers creating their own wisdom or receiving it from some god or goddess.

Pyrrho:  Never seek permission to redefine yourself, to free oneself from any authority; seize essential desires and wants to make life worthwhile. Praying to God or any deity forces people to accept themselves, conscripted by their Maker’s standards to suffer wretched insignificance.

Minerva:  Life without desire or wants is never an existence of nothingness forcing a person to be redefined. Beings brought into existence by God lack nothing, are complete, have no needs and should be conscious of no wants. If non-being is nothingness for humans forgetting they are created by God who provides all their needs and defines who they are, they will live with nothingness, a void never supporting His plans for them. We need reminders to never forget His message.

Azusa:  Prophets advise people to consider only pure thoughts and virtuous deeds, to hear and obey God's commands, to acknowledge His power and righteousness by witnessing to His Word’s goodness responsible for creating humans by breathing souls into beasts. His Words with Him before the heavens began, before the world and all its life, voicing commands greater than any other, superior to all decrees, we must honor, surpassing any we conceive by reason.

Muggins:  Obedience to your God’s commands could never change our life’s tragedies, sprinkled with joy for His amusement in watching His puppets search for happiness.

Schaman:  Why are we here as mortals, directed by a Supreme Being’s prophets telling us to abstain from things of the world, with life condemning us to suffer from practices our inherent makeup commits us to follow? Is it some punishment a God creates us to endure?

Muggins:  Prophets appear and attract followers by convincing people they will die for them, giving up their lives to save others, but where does that come from, sacrificing oneself for another, perhaps believing life has little value and destroying it hardly matters, but a prophet's words must promise something different; anything would be better.

Pyrrho:  Prophets’ contemptible regard for the world convinces people to abstain from being involved, detesting worldly life enough to consider escape, contemplating freedom through suicide, dying for only themselves, considering their sacrifice an escape for others to follow.

Minerva:  Prophets bringing wisdom for enlightenment authorize me to be an oracle brimming with knowledge to understand God's goodness and appreciate Creation’s beauty, never by sacrificing myself to convictions of ignorance, primitive human practices of killing and destroying, believing this is God’s will. How could our Creator expect us to destroy what He makes? Humankind’s purpose is to protect and maintain God’s Creation and prophets confirm people are to be His stewards by exercising constructive thoughts, words and deeds. God sends out prophets with messages declaring His truth’s wisdom, knowing some will proclaim they originate from human wisdom, from people longing to be philosophers and worshipped as gods. In fact, some will come to call me a philosopher, but I am only a common person chosen by God to understand His message.

Muggins:  Can anyone trust God’s messages, hearing them over and over, while never accepting truths developed by humans from scientific or philosophical conclusions, knowing they will all change, lasting but moments after they are believed? We must assume His messages also change, realizing this is what people expect.

Minerva:  Humans mutilate God's truths and He assigns new prophets to remind all His eternal verities. People tinkering with His truths are responsible for their changes, developing dogmas purported to be heard from the Holy Spirit, convicting them their imaginations are acceptable, convincing them to create doctrines to insure protection against evil beings and forces battling against their purity, waging conflicts to destroy the truth of God's light and establish supremacy for darkness to reign.

Schaman:  How do we know what prophets say except by scribes’ recordings of their words, testifying to them as expressions of God's eternal truths, making discernment essential to evaluate the reliability of their writings, faithfully coming from Him and never expressions of a person's will.

Muggins:  Prophets have so much to say that only a fraction is recorded, and most will be from a hearer’s memory, varying with each one's recollection of what was said, resulting in differences contesting their authenticity, causing many to be ignored as toothless forgeries.

Minerva:  Trust prophets’ words not only by what they write but by their agreement with eternal truths, consistent with expectations from God. His truths, unwritten but persisting unchanged in oral traditions, should never be ignored as some religion's canon.

Nomad:  Who can we trust to know eternal truths I seek?

Muggins:  Never prophets, each bearing different versions of eternal truths.

Pyrrho:  Competing prophets, hearing of others proclaimed to be messiahs and trusted to be most superior, destroy rivals claiming to be greater and profit from their demise. Following examples of prior messiahs, subsequent self-anointed ones choose martyrdom to prove their authenticity, sacrificing themselves to establish their credentials, or perhaps they select a form of suicide to disguise disenchantment with their God's Creation.

Schaman:  Some call their prophet Messiah, coming as a warrior to free ones needing a conqueror, promising to disentangle people from problems they create, battling to satisfy their wants and desires. Do Messiahs chosen to deliver your God’s messages remain to solve people’s problems?

Minerva:  True prophets don’t repeat what has failed, with all failures discarded into urns for pagan beliefs, mythological and philosophical trash develop by ones eventually determined to be false prophets. 

Piety:  True prophets proclaim, God is in touch with us through His messenger, the Holy Spirit, with our Creator telling us: My grace is sufficient for you, for my power is made perfect in weakness. We claim our God is most powerful but never to battle for us as a Messiah made prefect without weakness.

Muggins:  Speaking your God’s Word equips anyone to be a prophet, delivering messages claimed to be His, confounding humans to choose. How many intermediaries does any God need to preach His message?

Schaman:  People redefining themselves to believe they are ones to herald a God’s message, trusting their wisdom to report whatever they think, dismiss other prophet’s messages. As before, future prophets bearing and conveying God's message will be betrayed by others close to them, responding to ego’s demands, aggrandizing themselves to seek a coveted place in the sun, defending this as their moment. 

Minerva:  People coming as false prophets demean human virtues, but they cannot dismantle God’s message. Betrayal by them can trample His true messengers, chosen and named by Him, coming with a myriad of titles, bearing His messages conveying eternal truths, speaking to people's conscience. His message endures, conveying purpose for humans to know His truths and live with righteousness, to acknowledge He creates people to have dominion as stewards of the world, to exist in wholeness true to His plan, obedient to His will and be assured of immortality. We serve Him only by good thoughts, words and deeds.

Muggins:  What about prophets telling humans: Since God's Word created them and all His achievements are good, you are His children and nothing He makes is bad, and being His sons, you can mature to deification, making you another God. Are they false prophets?

Azusa:  True prophets report God’s revelation, telling people: In the beginning was the Word, the Word was with God, and the Word was God, translated for human understanding that all things were made by Him, and without Him nothing could be created. Prophets continue teaching this truth in many ways because people never accept verities unless created by human reason. 

Piety:  People don’t need God if they wander about under illusions of self-sufficiency, never failing anyone because of sin, denying obligations to commune with any deity, never knowing about falling from grace, indifferent to knowing God, dismissing all possibility of participation in divine existence with God. Hope once lost can be regained. People can restore lost grace, returning to recognize what’s inherent in their being, the simplicity and goodness designed for them to be. 

Minerva:  God’s prophets testify He designed humans to be pure, made to desire and seek Him, to join Him in communion of love, but people instead follow a need for created things, choosing ways in conflict with their original goodness, resulting in anxiety, committing them to suffer with disappointments, denying them true, complete and lasting contentment. God creates humans to retain hope for salvation and rejoice in nature’s goodness, and He continues sending prophets to bring them back from chasing wants and desires for their happiness.

Muggins:  People must continue to fight for inviolable rights and privileges, established and assured by reason, asserting individuality, and forget illusions of a God’s goodness and sanctity of life. Humans realize prophets keep coming to remind them of God’s directions for their lives, but they learn to manipulate them and follow their own ways.

Azusa:  Prophets must renounce their will and follow the Father’s, dismissing their wants and desires, acknowledging God’s plan is greater than theirs, confessing they can never be His equal, looking to find freedom in their obedience to Him, becoming His humble servant before all humankind, and develop disdain and scorn for people chasing their favorite coveted idols. 

Minerva:  Prophets come with languages and understandings for engaging people to grow their conceptions of God. Human ideas of His Spirit existing in everything are not unusual for people believing in God as the Creator of everything. Even primitive people believe their Creator-God leaves His signature on everything and people are discovering what that is. And with that perpetuating belief in many gods, prophets come to tell people there is only one God creating and managing everything. 

Azusa:  Prophets’ arrivals attest further to God’s uncreated energy, manifesting His essence in which every existent thing partakes, and He cannot be left out or ignored with everything involved. God’s energy communicates His existence, bringing everyone to know Him. His prophets coming in different investments, appear with selflessness of humility, utter weakness and poverty, without any need for force or power but to heal and restore goodness He made for all.      

Muggins:  Who pays attention to anyone meek and lowly and be open to hearing what they say? Can such a person convince others without brash cries of forceful and angry words, calling for followers to recognize battles are never necessary to gain human desires and wants, convincing people that God provides everything they need? Meek and lowly prophets never satisfy human desires and wants.

Piety:  God’s prophets empty themselves of their personal baggage, leaving them in apparent nothingness, but they cherish and protect the personal love given by their Creator, never being impoverished, existing with their hearts immeasurable.

Azusa:  Prophets never need weapons humans employ to convince others of their convictions. They rely on hidden energy in their selflessness and humility to preach God’s Word, and some hearers discover the truth in His Word. 

Muggins:  Your Creator’s gift of reason shows us how to make weapons, so we must need them, tools designed to destroy what He makes.

Pyrrho:  Many prophets appear, proclaiming God’s messages, but coming as warriors armed to promote their way, battling others claiming to possess His truths, arriving as long-awaited messiahs for people to worship. 

Minerva:  God never wants humans to worship His true prophets, messengers He sends to reveal His plans. Adoration of His prophets, forgetting who they are and why they keep coming, establishes unwarranted veneration for a person instead of for the Creator who is Lord of all. God loses communion with His created ones when people elevate prophets to someone divine. If God creates humans with innate provisions to know Him why should they replace Him with a human He sends as a prophet?

Piety:  Prophets come to show God’s expectations of people, telling them to join Creation’s goodness and partake in His image, never replacing Him by some self-proclaimed god but transforming themselves into the image of the archetype He directs.

Muggins:  Prophets are merely legendary figures, eventually dismissed as mythic individuals developed out of human imaginations fantasizing they were sent by some God to assist our achievements in art, science, technology and government. 

Schaman:  Humans call some prophets sent by God: Fortune or Chance, with His goodness and beauty recognized as fortune or chance smiling on people until they are overtaken by trouble and disaster upon experiencing unwanted misfortunes of existence and thereafter never trust the absurdities of Creation’s goodness, having thought it was made to be a paradise. Is His purpose to bring humans joy by showing them how to placate Fortune and make her smile on them?

Muggins:  People believe their God continues to send prophets, and they participate in modifying His will, altering His messages and creating gods of fortune and chance to explain everything. Some prophets become philosophers to promote their ways and replace ancient gods of the vulgar masses. 

Minerva:  God tries to show His great mystery in many ways, and He does this by sending prophets, but people hardly understand what He tries to tell us. Eventually He sends some appearing to combine His divine attributes with human nature, to be more acceptable than any sent before, realizing that creating humans with His breath of Spirit requires more for them to exercise the divine attributes of thought and reason His creation equips them with. 

Schaman:  If God creates everything good, providing all our needs, why does He beget intellectuals to tell us: Dismiss the abundance of Creation’s goodness and don’t ignore the potentials of our free will; follow existence as pagans see it, survival of the fittest?

Pyrrho:  The fittest never survive, afflicted and forever changing into differences never lasting.

Minerva:  God creates people with inherent means to grow fitness for their spirit, implanted with their transformation into humans, unseen mysteries prophets come to uncover, nurture and cultivate for us to feed with watchful vigilance and prayer.

Piety:  God is always with us, counseling all to watch and pray we don’t submit to temptation, knowing the spirit is ready but the flesh is weak and without watchful attention there will be no prayer.

Azusa:  Prophets reveal our existence never ends with death of flesh, being more than mortality for everything we have been. Our end is deification, essential for personal communion with God’s goodness and love, seeing Him face-to-face, but never absorption into His divine essence or nature, understanding there is only one God, the One we can never be. 

Muggins:  Prophets are never honored unless their messages convey truths and with truths humans hear always changing, seers are forgotten with their verities.

Schaman:  Many prophets come proclaiming they have been appointed by God, testifying to a religious experience with Him where He directs them to convey His truths, hopefully never to be compromised, never modified by theologians and philosophers who make them into human doctrines and dogmas, dismissing anything they don't create as myths. Many prophetic teachings attributed to knowledge delivered by God, transcending our existence by what may be considered intuition from One mysterious and revealing previously hidden knowledge, are rejected by intellectuals who establish beliefs for orthodox religion. 

Muggins:  Intellectuals grow in their acumen to understand existence, making a God’s plan futile by continuing to send prophets. He should reconsider their appearance for humans to regard them as noteworthy and important to be heard. 

Piety:  Prophets never show us how to investigate everything by objectively determining what goodness is, by employing scientific methods for answers and accept them as truths. Evaluations of goodness can only come from the heart, never from logical conclusions of the mind, and what comes from the heart is placed there by God, never by reason’s attempts at discovery, using intellectual powers to determine what's good and bad.

Minerva:  Prophets come to enlighten all, bearing messages validated as from the God of transcendence, revealing saving knowledge from without, ensuring salvation to reunify humans with their Creator, sent to awaken His existence implanted in human souls and offer them a treasure for inclusion in their heart. His message is never to stir up people’s intellect for reasoning what their will should do. 

Muggins:  Prophets preach how people can find satisfying completion and true happiness, but do humans find it lasting? Impossible. Even with manipulation of these messenger’s words, fulfillment and contentment are fleeting.  

Schaman:  It remains for humans to understand philosophy develops theology, never needing revelations from God to guide and depend on, to know their purpose without His assistance. Theology depends on our intellect, trusting we can know God by reasoning what He must be like and expects of us. We can’t know God because He calls on us to experience Him, sending prophets for this mission, selecting unordinary ones from human masses. 

Minerva:  God continues sending prophets and they will be challenged by theologians, entrenched in philosophy derived from His previous messages, developing religions by synthesis of faith and reason, trusting their intellect to participate, believing this is what God wants them to do, to build on and maintain an inseparable connection with their transcendent Supreme Being.

Muggins:  What does each prophet bring? New prophets sent by any God must be invariably committed to correct damage resulting from human derangements of His previous prophet’s messages. Errors introduced will be eliminated by words or armed conflicts. In either case blood will flow to destroy traitors against revelations of your God's truth brought by earlier prophets since forgotten. People believe He condones militant means if necessary, to beat His truth into their minds, exercising Divine Justice when warranted. 

Azusa:  God's will cannot prevail and imprint His truth in people’s hearts where paganism and polytheism persist. Prophets with His messages of beauty, love and goodness, condone harsh measures to ensure God's presence directs their lives. Their love for Him doesn't wither but many fail to remain obedient and mirror the image He bears. 

Schaman:  Prophets rely on militant actions employing violent words and armed conflict to promote belief in doomsdays where God's Creation is destroyed as the only means to eliminate evil, annihilating what spanned eons to develop, savaging the goodness He proclaims for all, admitting a mistake for all His ardent work, making its destruction mandatory and needing to rethink all He had done. If He saves all people meriting salvation would they be forced to wait for a special providence for God to rebuild a new creation, seeing how long it took Him for His present Creation? With no known presence of a heavenly paradise, humans should pray for preservation of what they have before asking God to destroy their present home. 

Pyrrho:  What is there to lose? Future generations would never be forced to suffer as now. No place would remain for humans to exist.

Azusa:  Prophets come with essential knowledge, showing people how to unleash an inherent capacity God creates in all to communicate with Him, and those exercising them will appreciate hearing He makes everything good, filled with the beauty of His love and concern for all Creation. This is not secret knowledge available to only a select few but is intuitive for everyone to consider. Humans cannot know God without His cooperation to direct their understanding. He does not expect them to grow their cognitive knowledge to reason His existence, knowing they will reason ways to develop doctrines and dogmas, resulting in religious conflict with others and forget the essentials He wants them to comprehend about all He creates. 

Minerva:  God’s creation of humans with this mysterious inherent means for unleashing intuitions, confirms all people are His creation by planting insights in their soul, and He sends prophets to activate and cause them to grow, insuring all can come to know He creates everything with His goodness immanent in all. No person exists without a soul, the only human possession surviving death, the only remnant of self that is never transferred to ashes, never to a non-self for retreading an original self. 

Muggins:  Nothing living survives death, making the soul an illusion, nonexistent as a part of life waiting to die.

Azusa:  God instructs prophets to inform humans they must live out their existence with the goodness of love He creates in everything, to show that love can abide in their every thought and action in accordance with written scriptures attesting to goodness He announces for all Creation, sending everyone a reason to uncover and activate the inherent knowledge of Him left in them at their creation, preventing all from developing thoughts that life is empty and unreal, convictions of philosophers examining the world to make judgments on what we should believe. Free-wheeling reason becomes our teacher when people don’t listen to God, but human reason is unable to give life meaning, denying the spiritual and relying on senses, ignoring the goodness God declares for all Creation. 

Piety:  Prophets direct people to trust their innate endowment to discover God and await its germination to bear fruit, ripening to generate wisdom’s filling the soul, compelling us to contemplate His goodness, trusting its deeds must follow with the beauty of His love, securing ties that bind. 

Muggins:  Humans trust only ties binding them to wants and desires, self-determinations defining themselves.

Pyrrho:  Never being islands to themselves, humans can never reason to be self-anything, claiming to be individuals with innate rights to protect inherent freedoms promised by existence. What freedoms are these? To choose being born? To live forever as humans?

Able:  I trust prophets provide our only link to eternity, bringing messages from the everlasting God, offering relationship with the only ultimate reality, seeing humans fail in relying on their own efforts in reason.

Schaman:  Individuals believing God chooses them above all others, earmarking them to accept and proclaim His Word, designating them as special, may be somewhat successful. Their prophets are venerated but God continues to send others because humans reject His messages unless modified by free will’s reason, changing them to be in accord with their lives. 

Minerva:  Can human reason trust God’s goodness, believing He would limit His revelations to only chosen ones, activating the inherent means to know Him in but a small number of people He creates? The prophets He sends are with messages each group of people, having unique cultural differences, can understand, ensuring everyone can comprehend God’s essential message of Creation’s goodness clothed in beauty and His love. 

Able:  Prophet’s disciples contend with important traditions that people insist on being integrated with God’s messages, syncretizing them as essential to adoption of any change in belief, harmonizing them with the new but refusing anything they couldn’t reconcile with their traditional beliefs. 

Muggins:  My traditions can never integrate with any of your God’s messages infringing on my sovereignty’s integrity.

Able:  Your claims of being one hopeless to change, nothing ever transforming you, can relent, perhaps not immediately, but after one blink to bear a twinkle in your eye. 

Muggins:  You think prophets have such power, sprinkling dust from their tongue’s wands to magically change me. I never listen to them, protecting my dignity from such hallucinations. If I need illusions to find comfort, all sorts of chemicals are available.

Able:  God invests His trust in people to be chosen prophets but none are perfect, especially people convinced they are born in sin, and so no human should be idolized or worshipped with their lives based on what any prophet has been, ones whose followers distort God’s message and preach what others want to hear. People’s celebrations must be for God only, being joyous for all His creative activities and the means He develops to protect and heal all from destruction. 

Minerva:  Prophets being mere humans, subject to conditions affecting all others, must understand their limitations, never agreeing to any challenge certain to cause their death, avoid dangers, provide excuses to deny pitfalls, and fear God would never intervene with a miracle to save their lives, that He would consider any request for a miracle stupid. When their time comes, God ends prophets’ lives despite their actions proclaiming His goodness, beauty and love.

Muggins:  Can any God’s repertoire of goodness include anything to call stupid?

Able:  Prophets’ messages declaring God’s goodness, beauty and love, declared for all to accept for their lives, bear conditions people won’t submit to, so He continues to send prophets with His unaltered message, being the ticket for humans to rejoin their Creator. 

Muggins:  Prophets may continue coming but none can claim more than being His messenger after hearing people want more, to show ones commissioned by a God carry certificates of His powers to perform miracles and show proof of being anointed by Him. Can humans trust anyone unable to present their credentials, showing evidence they bear messages from God? 

Minerva:  Who would consent to be God’s prophet, knowing the fate of all those chosen before was certain abuse, persecution and death, but God doesn’t choose any who would deny Him or His message, selecting none who are fixed on themselves and coveting ways of the world. 

Able:  God’s prophets keep coming with messages humans continue to ignore, but His messengers fail to destroy laws people create and protect to worship instead of His. 

Minerva:  Welcoming a prophet to receive God’s message, hearing and trusting it is His, realizing it requires no embellishment to be understood and followed, we must call on all to be disciples proclaiming His Words to others, with no one claiming to be a prophet unless chosen by God. 

Azusa:  People ask prophets: Are you His who comes, or should we expect another? God will never stop sending prophets until people begin to faithfully respond to His message and stop believing they can substitute theirs for His. Expect people to ask: How can we know you are one sent from God? Some prophets respond with: See what I have done.

Minerva:  God sends prophets to every culture and shows people how to follow His Words, even when assimilated into different traditions. Cultural diversities cannot change His messages unless someone manipulates them to alter their meaning. 

Able:  How long will God continue to send prophets with voices crying out into the wilderness of people’s unbelief, again and again, compelled by forewarning words of others, knowing their faith in Him remains un-scorched by worldly ways, prompting Him to send many more? 

Pyrrho:  When some people are ready to trust and live by His message, they expect God to send a closer called Messiah, assigned to celebrate and live by His Word. 

Minerva:  Until there remains one lost sheep, which means forever, prophets will keep coming because people distort God’s messages and conceal their manipulations by destroying competing scriptures while protecting theirs in ancient languages others cannot read. Distractions by doctrines and dogmas thwart salvation by lessening importance for His message which frees people to sin, with culprits defining which iniquities they should be judged by. Burdened by willful dismissal of human decrees, impossible for anyone to obey, salvation can never be guaranteed; return of people to their Maker can only remain a hope. 

Able:  People frustrate prophets, forsaking God’s commands and upholding their cultural traditions, dismissing His messages in favor of their customs, behaviors and thoughts, never acknowledging all evil comes from within them and trusting no influences from outside can defile them. 

Minerva:  God’s chosen prophets come with His message, commanding humans to save the world and never condemn it, but people ignoring God’s Words force Him to continue sending messengers to ensure the world’s protection so we never see Him destroy it in frustration, an action some believers think He must follow, forcing Him to rethink His plans for creation. 

Schaman:  God’s prophets keep coming, bringing His message, urging people with reasons to believe, mesmerizing seekers with partial revelation of His mysteries but never revealing them with full disclosure so people seeking to know everything will look to themselves and forget about any Creator, no longer needed by ones conquering the cosmos’ unknowns.

Pyrrho:  God’s message of goodness commanding us to obey, states we must not call any person profane or impure, respecting all, especially honoring ones revering Him and performing works of righteousness. No one can dispute God’s prophets bearing His message, commanding all people to unshackle themselves from their inherent sin, freeing them to obey and follow Him, but being born in sin all are hopeless, compelling Him to continue sending prophets.

Able:  We are not hopeless because God continues to send us His message, appearing in all ages, proclaiming His way to everyone, to reject our devious doctrines and dogmas and recognize only Him with prayers, to denounce religions which entangle His messages in a quagmire of philosophical fallacy. He never makes us to be hopeless, creating us to always be hopeful.

Minerva:  Prophets sent by God to all humans bring His message to everyone, leaving His Words in all cultures for interpretive historians and theologians to examine, and they find His message is unchanging. His Word proclaims He is the Creator, being the truth He brings for all to know. Seeing His message fails to gain support, God sends more prophets promising new covenants to replace ones previously ignored, awakening inherent insights He creates in humans, latent means for interaction with Him. 

Schaman:  Looking within, humans contemplate the intrinsic goodness of God’s Creation and claim it for their makeup, and acting on the belief He sends prophets, many come forth to pluck a mantle they swear He chooses for them. 

Minerva:  Claims for a prophet being God’s final messenger are never substantiated by His actions, seeing Him send more until a time all people accept His invariable message, never transformed by philosophical theologists into decrees people will accept. Despite scribes working to construct doctrines and dogmas, God continues sending prophets until all people understand and obey His message. 

Azusa:  God’s message expects us to believe His love creating all is perfect, calling us to extend love for our enemies and respond to injury with kindness, to do good to those who hate us and bless those who curse us, and to pray for those who spitefully use us embodies the compassion He creates to be inherent in all.

Schaman:  Creation exists by its edict survival of the fittest, exercising compassion for nothing, knowing life humble and weak never thrives and leads to demise. Don’t force me to be burdened by compassion for anything.

Minerva:  Humanity trusts compassion to be a cardinal virtue, possibly regarding it as an instinct, placed in people by the Creator, inherent in everyone’s makeup, waiting for God to develop it further by sending prophets with His message of Creation’s goodness to nourish its seeds, broadcasted as emblems of His love to declare Creation’s beauty.

Muggins:  Who needs a prophet to remind us of your cardinal virtue, calling it a golden rule, if compassion is an inherent component of our makeup? I depend on reason for developing my virtues and distrust any intuition for their determination.

Pyrrho:  Compassion as a virtue lost its battle to exist with survival of the fittest and can’t be credited for any perfections humans acquire. The fittest survive by abandoning human ineptitudes lacking strength with struggling weakness, created with crippling congenital abnormalities that shorten their programmed life span. 

Muggins:  Does any God follow some golden rule when He creates misfits, denying them His image, handicapping them to exist lifelong abnormal, freakishly caged, and imprisoned by chance’s selection?

Pyrrho:  Perhaps we should credit humans with greater compassion than any God, seeing how He creates some unfit to survive in an earthly home.

Muggins:  Humans show greater compassion for their dead, lamenting over their departure more so than for living associates. But what good is compassionate lamenting for the dead? Maybe people have inherent compassion, waiting to be expressed, and find no suitable outlet until death strikes someone known.

Schaman:  Some old evidence exists for that theory. Neanderthals cared for their own, dedicating nature's beauty to honor their dead, blanketing people’s remains with arrays of flowers, symbolizing childlike belief in their resurrection. Reasoning the dead needed nourishment for their journey’s return to life’s Creator, favorite foods were left beside them and may have been thought to be more important than the substance of God’s message declaring Creation’s goodness and beauty conveying His love, inherent in them to know and worship only Him, but the fruits of Creation can no longer nourish existence for the dead. 

Muggins:  Your suggestions are unproven speculations developed from traces of vegetation working its way to become dust and marks in stone believed by scientists to be important artifacts.

Minerva:  Why should early humans honor their dead, knowing they disintegrate into ashes, never remaining as they were in life, unless God's message came to them, informing them their existence would continue, persisting in a way they could never imagine. Exercising their innate compassion, they could hope for salvation, preserving all that God created them to be, trusting He doesn't destroy any goodness He declares for all Creation.  

Schaman:  God sent prophets with His message very early, before humans understood or learned to write, and their scribes reasoning what His messengers transmitted, relied on art to depict interpretations of Creation’s goodness, beauty and love, to show how humans can use their gifts to obtain needs God provides. Scribes drew scenes from life and portrayed them on stone for all to see and remember. 

Minerva:  Prophets’ messages from God led disciples to create temples for people to honor their Creator, erecting sites to worship Him and for burying their dead, placing their remains nearby in a sanctified area holy forever, trusting the Creator cares for them as He did for when they were alive. 

Azusa:  What prophet didn’t determine a sanctuary must be built for housing God, designating a place to assure His presence in people’s midst, creating a space for Him, never forgetting His Creation must designate a place for Him to be with us? 

Muggins:  If your God creates everything good, His Creation in the world must be thoroughly good, sanctified good by Him, and should need no temples or hallowed ground for people to worship Him or inter their dead.

Minerva:  Indeed. Prophets bringing God’s message verify the goodness of Creation as a sanctuary He created for all, so why does anyone think He needs something created by humans? People’s efforts to build temples for God are futile, knowing all will eventually crumble to dust or be destroyed, leaving none to survive. This is never the fate for human souls, temples God creates for the Holy Spirit.

Pyrrho:  All of God’s goodness disintegrates with time, confirming its perfection never lasts. If God is satisfied with His creation of humans and eventually surrenders their bodies to destruction, decaying life to ashes, people interfere with forces of nature to preserve dead flesh, thinking He will resurrect them to forms they lived in on earth. Some prophets tell humans to expose dead bodies to nature, making them fodder for new life to develop on earth.

Schaman:  Why would a God treasure any human creation compelled to be born in sin and composed of an essence never worth keeping? Believing God creates all, how can anyone trust Him if He returns our worthless sinful pieces to life? Is there any portion of goodness to return from the acclaimed most precious of His creations? Reasoning how to appease God, humans sacrifice their own, trusting to please Him by choosing ones most precious and loved, returning victimized ones to rejoin their Maker, expecting to satisfy their loving God. 

Muggins:  Victims are chosen by their degree of goodness, virtue and beauty, sending back to God ones most fitting. Perhaps He is mistaken in sending them here and wants them back.

Pyrrho:  Who would want someone born in sin? Humans are an experiment gone bad and they know this, realizing most have had thoughts of self-sacrificing their lives. Does their Creator instill their intuition with such thoughts to cover His mistakes?

Schaman:  Humans believe their Creator-God bypasses His goodness to destroy anything interfering with His will, allowing sacrifice of people’s lives if needed.

Muggins:  God directs prophets to sacrifice themselves for establishing His will and if necessary, to destroy their only progeny, forfeiting a way to develop their religion, but scholars report He subsequently relents. With such reason does His goodness rise and fall, changing as His whims ebb and flow?

Azusa:  You include one called Abram, directed by God to leave Ur, a city of god worshippers, and become His prophet, bearing God’s message that He is the only God and no others can make that claim. He left to develop a family of followers, promising them to be blessed to be a blessing for the world. You are mistaken. God stopped Abram from following customary practices of sacrifice, from killing his son.

Muggins:  Tormented with inheritance of some Adam’s sin, Abram was committed to sacrifice his most valued gift, a promised son he thought he would never have, expecting His God’s goodness requires obedience to what he reasons. So much for human’s innate compassion. 

Pyrrho:  Abram brought no provisions for his son’s journey to an afterlife, bringing only kindling for reducing him to ashes, knowing his remains need nothing from life on earth, no nutrients to feast on, no floral arrangements to honor the dead.

Muggins:  Earthly foods left with dead humans never disappear unless hungry beasts consume them, and earthly floral decorations decay to join in death.

Azusa:  God provides everything deceased people need and earthly food should not be included. No one knows how He sustains anyone in eternal life. 

Muggins:  Does your God provide regalia for ones coveting His honor, seeking to be a hero in His hall of fame and throw themselves into battle unto death? How can anyone be certain of His promises, knowing no one has any clue on what happens after death other than everyone turns to dust.

Able:  Death comes to all with some wishing to be heroes, deciding on its time, forcing others to determine its moment, ignoring orthodoxy’s standard, sanctifying themselves by conforming to their interpretations of God's message, voluntary their blood to be be wasted, consumed by God and any kindred followers.

Pyrrho:  Heroes depend on hallucinogens from sources hidden in God’s Creation to embark on a hero’s journey, discovering ones concealed mysteriously in life, knowing people depend on deception to hear and interpret His thoughts, being essential for developing their illusions.  

Muggins:  More importantly these chemicals stupefy human senses, deadening their perceptions of the world’s reality, making fragrance of flowers decorating human deaths senseless for all and leaves nothing to remember one by.

Able:  Survivors of beloved ones must have ceremony to mark their passing, and flowers are picked to have their place.

Pyrrho:  Celebration of life moves survivors to honor dead ones already decaying to ashes, but no brilliant minds know how to commemorate their thoughts and activities; they dwell on illusive conceptions of the glorious tip of life’s iceberg and know nothing of its depths hidden far below.

Muggins:  Humans develop rituals from prophets delivering God’s messages, interpreting them with similar responses, ceremonies involving music, dancing and singing, sacrifices of human life and possessions, celebrations of death with feasts, and much more. 

Able:  Is self-sacrifice, sacrifice of human life or any existence defensible? Intellectual reasoning tells us we are committed to both, following rituals interpreted from God’s messages.

Schaman:  If God’s Creation embodies goodness, believing everything He creates is good, and if self-sacrifice is the upmost expression of goodness, His goodness would force Him to resign, to sacrifice His Being so He no longer exists, allowing the cosmos to continue on its own by obeying the laws He established for its operation. He would be no different from humans who recognize ultimate goodness is self-sacrifice.

Muggins:  That idea prevents anyone’s god or God from hearing prayer requests and interceding with help. People would be left to mysterious unpredictabilities of His laws and cannot be faulted for surrendering to self-sacrifice as an ultimate expression of Creation’s goodness. 

Pyrrho:  Life is too short for self-sacrifice, choosing destruction before one’s time comes. Besides, it follows with no rewards.

Azusa:  Followers of the prophet Jesus, who willing don’t avoid being sacrificed, trust in His promised reward of resurrection from death.

Muggins:  Can reason give sacrifice of human life some purpose, arbitrarily by priests choosing its victims, with some volunteering, to accompany an honored dead person beyond to the great unknown and remain united with a loved one’s ashes? Can anyone claim to have seen resurrection of life from dust?

Pyrrho:  Religious beliefs confuse reason by sacrificing human life when people develop fertility rites, calling on deities to bless them with new life, considering it to be precious, and never destroying human existence before it could see the light of day.

Muggins:  Perhaps reason trusts their blessing of life to be a curse. Reason is unpredictable with the strange ideas people develop.

Minerva:  Creation’s goodness proclaims life to be God’s blessing, bounding with His beauty and love, and ancient people having no language used pictographs to interpret His messages, creating icons to remember and spread His message, images manifesting what He creates with interpretations freely sensing His Word. With language they eventually developed rituals, doctrines and dogmas for reaching out to their Creator.

Muggins:  Perhaps language became their vehicle to transmit the curse of reason. Ancient humans treated sexual activities for procreation as a divine blessing, giving people means to create life just as their gods. People’s sexual nature was never a sin, being made so by scribes and philosophers exercising language to express scholarly reasons for staining it as an iniquity. 

Pyrrho:  Humans exploit reason to define sin and avoid its consequences by expressing piety and reverence, worshipping their Creator-God by drinking blood and eating flesh of life sacrificed to Him, thinking life returns to Him one way or another.

Muggins:  Is not life in blood and letting it flow communicates with the gods or God?

Minerva:  There is only one God and His prophets proclaim He is the only Supreme Being, architect and creator of all and they encounter trouble by developing religious establishments, destroying scribes’ interpretations for God’s earlier messages, formations of hierarchies, priests worshipping many gods with their rituals, forcing changes in religions people had already created. Prophets’ disciples violating existing customs and traditions are always endangered with many killed, martyred or crucified, sacrificed to preserve the rituals and powers of current civilizations, forcing God to send more with His message.

Schaman:   Prophets claim God chooses them to be His agents, for preparing human’s return to Him, to be their savior, bypassing everything priests had been doing to insure people’s salvation, interceding on all followers’ behalf. Which prophet should one follow?

Minerva:  Salvation depends on following God’s message and never on any person coming as a prophet. No prophet succeeds in imposing the essence of God’s message in human hearts, seeing it is interpreted in accord with human desires, requiring Him to continue sending messengers until His Will is done, never by religions harmonized with people’s wants.

Muggins:  If I should choose to follow any religion, other’s reason would convict me of heresy. Heretics abound with established doctrines and dogmas working to protect their religion’s domains from different and defiant ideas threatening their convictions. Any god or God’s prophet bringing a divine message promotes heresy with interpretations conflicting with decrees established by earlier seers. 

Able:  You reason followers of any religion are heretics, suggesting we should follow none for maintaining our judgments clean and pure.

Pyrrho:  Democracy frees people to follow any number of gods ruling religious cults and sects, protecting them from heretical attacks by competing interests, shielding them with pretentious words in its constitution.

Muggins:  It also frees me to follow nothing, no gods and no religions.

Minerva:  God develops diversity with no creation identical with another, celebrating it as a feature of Creation’s goodness and beauty, but the religions people create are flawed by the doctrinal beliefs that each one claims to epitomize His goodness.

Azusa:  Celebrating Creation’s goodness without ceasing must sustain our joy without interruption, trusting God’s will for all our thoughts and activities. Joy is hardly sustained by righteousness determined by us, never trusting Creation’s goodness to guide us. 

Muggins:  Diversity flaws Creation’s goodness, making it impossible, realizing human reason judges everything and nothing remains unscathed, leaving goodness imperfect so it can never exist.

Minerva:  God’s goodness reveals moderation and consistency imbedded in Creation, at least in human lifetimes, never embarking on sudden changes people can’t accommodate, modifying earth’s landscape without precedent, but His human creatures don’t follow that example. People are inconsistent, immoderately living out their wants and desires, never satisfied with the bounty of needs God supplies. Overwhelming their bodies with food and chemicals, becoming addicted to fleeting destructive pleasures, violating their goodness with bizarre behaviors, people ignore God’s creative goodness permeated with His beauty and love. 

Azusa:  God’s message orders us to strive for goodness, something our potential for goodness can achieve.

Muggins:  People reject their God’s message and just do things their way. 

Pyrrho:  Realizing people can never achieve their God’s measure of goodness, His prophets promise God will return one day, bringing a new heaven and earth, assurances recorded by scribes and still trusted for present times. Humans are still waiting for its fulfillment. Will this prophecy ever be confirmed?

Muggins:  While waiting, I do things my way, realizing any temples people build must disappear with the coming of a new heaven and earth. If their God’s messages direct people to construct sanctuaries, building them of stone to last forever, reaching the sky to embrace celestial spaces, why would He promise people a new heaven and earth?

Pyrrho:  What need exists for a new heaven if a new earth accomplishes all God’s wishes conveyed in His messages? With a new earth promising paradise who would want to leave for some unknown heaven. 

Muggins:  Is God’s promise etched in stone and hidden by Him until He chooses a time for its revelation? 

Minerva:  God uses different ways to convey His message, trusting some to obey His directions upon discovering His message carved or inscribed in stone, made to last until uncovered by one He chooses to be a prophet and trusts to interpret His truths. All His Words inscribed in stone disappear, needing no verification for people blazoning them in their heart, returning them to their hiding place, to be concealed from skeptics questioning their existence and intensely seeking to denounce them as frauds.  

Azusa:  God inspires humans to construct temples and protect them from destruction, persisting as shrines to attract travelers with dubious religious affiliations marveling at what humans do to express their inherent need to meet and know their Creator, hoping to inspire what believers should trust on interpretation of God’s message.

Muggins:  Shrines remain as tourist attractions, revealing fickle minds of our ancestors shifting their allegiance from one religion to another, dismantling bricks from temple structures and creeds, from tenets to house and fabricate new beliefs, trusting toil to obey their God’s Will and that He will be in the midst of their gatherings.

Pyrrho:  Creation of shrines paves a human’s way, developing caves to follow illusions of achieving immortality.

Muggins:  People need no shrines for a cave to follow illusions.

Minerva:  Indeed. Our minds behave as a cave where we can illuminate our thoughts, casting shadows of illusions, thinking they represent reality and truth. Caves are trusted repositories for everything held sacred, for souls living or lifeless, for homes occupied by Holy Spirits and human imaginations, and if we find none suitable in nature’s clefts we build them for divine entities to dwell and develop rituals for their worship. Caves are where humans find enlightenment, trusting them more than anything else, filling them with most-precious idols and thoughts, becoming temples to deposit their wisdom. 

Azusa:  God said: Let there be light, without which we could not see the radiance of His goodness, shining forth to illuminate Creation’s beauty and symbolize His love, to blanket the darkness in which people’s evil can hide. Darkness finds caves in our minds where being its gatekeepers we decide on whether light should be let in. 

Minerva:  Without light our minds are a home for suffering, disappointments laden with grief, and humans need rituals to survive their agony, sacraments to ease their isolation in fields of doubt, and to continue living until death’s disappointment strikes. People seize light to comfort life, to shield them from anguish in darkness.

Pause one
Return to contents


Pyrrho:  Death is essential for all to conform with life’s placement in time, subjecting everything to change, realizing existence remains timeless for nothing in Creation.

Azusa:  God decides to place us in time, subjecting all to change, but His existence remains timeless so He can remain eternal. 

Muggins:  If your God proclaims goodness for all, time must be included, forcing change which must be part of Creation’s goodness.

Pyrrho:  With time subjecting every human thought to change, isn’t His endowment of us with reason ludicrous, giving us free will to make decisions, knowing nothing can last?

Minerva:  Goodness’s determination of change being essential, despite human’s errant belief that their truths are lasting, verifies only with God existing outside of time can He claim His truths are unchanging and eternal.

Muggins:  You confirm our hopelessness, supporting our reason to belief we exist in nothingness.

Minerva:  God creates us with hope, activating our innate assurance of Him by prophets bringing His message, subject to scribes’ fabrication of ways to interpret it for greater understanding and acceptance, enabling people to adopt and develop variations suitable for their cultures, resulting in religious variations with many deviations distorting the essence of His message and ignoring His Words. Despite all its human perversions, His message proclaims we must never lose hope.

Able:  Birds pick flesh from the dead, consuming it down to dry bones, leaving them to decay, to change as demanded by time, but nothing can steal one’s soul, separated by death, from its belonging in God’s custody and no reverent rituals for the dead can change that, with no human creation of sacred space preserving anything, understanding all God’s Creation is holy ground. Isn’t this what His message tells us, heralding we must never lose hope? 

Muggins:  Our ancestors tell of God sending a prophet with His message for us to live by, but it has since disappeared, remaining only as a tradition and for most today only a myth, vanishing with all our ancestors’ fantasies.

Able:  If you live according to His message it would never be a myth. It became a myth when His Will wasn’t followed and scribes with scholarly illusions changed His message so people could live by their will, dismissing His Will as impossible to obey. Self-sufficient scholars posing as intellectuals appear as intermediaries, negotiating changes for acceptable understandings of God’s message, inventing new terms such as maybe and possible, since they trust themselves for best understanding the Creator making people in His image. 

Muggins:  Should we listen to Minerva, posing as one with knowledge and wisdom, seeing through darkness obscuring all we cannot perceive?

Schaman:  Minerva is no more than another philosopher.

Azusa:  Philosophers are merely historians, recounting trusted reality, thinking to reframe and rename the past. My understandings faithfully trust God’s decrees, never relying on thoughts of scribes and scholars ardently rewording His Will to satisfy humankind. What good is philosophy coming near predicted end times, trying to fabricate and proliferate bad happenings in Creation’s goodness, thinking it discovers something new but leaves only fodder for future philosophers to rework? 

Muggins:  Destiny predetermines my way, giving me no choice, placing my activities in the hands of fate, undeterred by anyone’s philosophy.

Able:  Then you can’t obey any law, with God’s elusive message being nothing more than words spoken deceptively by human prophets, all being their dictates that can never concede to the changelessness of fate. How do you know you are a victim of fate, convincing you that it determines your way?

Pyrrho:  I am victim of nothing, exercising free will to plan my destiny, leaving nothing to chance, trusting no illusions offered by prophets, as I rely only on truths of my intellectual conclusions. 

Able:  Admit your intellect is fickle, producing no lasting truths, making some conclusions nihilistic and defying Creation’s goodness. Can you depend on this? A moment of nihilistic thought can result in self-destruction. 

Destiny:  Human intellect constructs the world, acknowledging its importance for redefining oneself, freeing all from philosophers’ imprisoning hold, subjecting beings to only themselves, allowing reason to establish truth, but fate chooses times to intervene and disrespect human efforts.

Muggins:  Thank you. My will to power climaxes with reasoning to define myself without which I remain nothing, but fate never controls my life.

Able:  You are only a shadow forming your being, dismissing what you could be, disappearing into nothingness upon death, taking your life’s meaning with it. 

Muggins:  Your rituals calling on sacred magic, established by scholarly thought, required for religion’s acceptance, denying all others as pagan heresy, creates an illusion for your life’s meaning.

Able:  I trust my religion’s tenets, fearing loss of salvation if I change allegiance, forcing me to begin anew and reject doctrines I hardly understand, dogmas developed by intellectual reasoning far greater than mine. 

Muggins:  Call me a bigot, trusting only myself, never wanting to be harassed by any religious certainties.

Pyrrho:  You and I will never be religious zealots hounded by authorities condemning their beliefs, inquisitors invading their thoughts and actions, destroying their faith, leaving them abandoned with an only lifeline of the here and now. By defining ourselves that could never happen.

Destiny:  You have only the world’s ways to define yourselves, and its ways are ever changing so you must rely only on fate changing in unknown ways.

Muggins:  Why shouldn’t I prefer nothingness, never being subject to fate’s mysterious changing ways?

Piety:  My fate is unchanging, trusted to follow God’s unchanging messages, and we congregate in His house, our church providing a sanctuary for His home.

Able:  If churches claim to house the living God, pillars grounding His truth, which one’s sanctuary does He choose to live in? Do human temples for God house His truth when His message finds no sanctuary in people’s heart? 

Azusa:  Beholding the goodness of God’s Creation, acclaiming its beauty filled with love, we please Him by discerning our need to think and act, living what is the good, pleasing and perfect Will of God in accord with His unaltered message sent by prophets

Piety:  So, my soul expounds, constantly reminding of His Will for Creation.

Minerva:  Souls preexist, waiting to be embodied and tested by flesh, created to house the Holy Spirit and withstand mortality, and God expects them to return to Him brimming with a life’s experience having known Creation’s goodness, beauty and His love, filled with joy known only by faithfully belonging to Him. 

Pyrrho:  God’s justice claims everlasting immortality for souls of the pure, but does His goodness’ justice condemn wicked humans’ souls to a fate of eternal punishment? How does one punish souls, all those with bodies born in sin, the everyones?

Able:  Upon death souls leave one’s body and pass over the bridge to heaven in four days, admitting righteous ones to its paradise full of glory. Ones forgetting God’s holy words are kept at a distance, as remote as one’s soul from its body. 

Muggins:  That places souls in limbo, never returning to your God who creates souls and designates which body they should occupy. Do souls represent empty containers warehoused until He calls them out for reusing?

Schaman:  Leading holy persons astray bodes calamity and its perpetrators threaten their souls with alienation from their God, banishing them from the light, leaving them in darkness to suffer nothingness. 

Muggins:  Priests proclaiming to departed souls: Rest in Peace, tells the living they suffer in nothingness, retiring now into bliss to receive some peaceful inheritance. If we then rest is it a nothingness without suffering, forcing us to rest for eternity? Does your God ever rest, trusting His Creation carries on without Him, like a clock He winds up to run eternally? He is never affected to suffer like us if His existence in timelessness never experiences any change.

Azusa:  God’s messenger promises virtuous believers will thrive, magnifying their soul’s treasures, ensuring their inheritance waits in heaven. I received this message, securing it in my soul during a mountaintop experience and trusting His every Word.

Muggins:  Dead bodies have no treasures, being empty in their nothingness, separated from illusions imagined by living minds.

Minerva:  Take more care of your soul and less for your body’s contemplation of pleasures it might entertain. Pains and aches of the flesh are easily tended to, but do you seek anyone for ministering to sufferings of your soul? You prepare for journeys by packing bags with everything you expect to need but do you prepare for your final voyage by packing your soul with everything essential to meet God? Don’t let your soul arrive filled with nothingness.

Muggins:  Trusting self-satisfying reliance on my wisdom, convicting me to deny one's soul and its creation by your God for any interaction with Him, leaving me to never believe in Creation’s goodness, I am confident we can resolve perceived earthly problems without Him.

Pyrrho:  If I possess a soul it must never be ignited, enflamed with fire, to blaze away with imaginative illusions and interfere with my reasoning to seek truth and wisdom. 

Azusa:  An empty soul leaves you empty, returning you to a beast, forcing you to rely on oneself for everything.

Muggins:  That’s how l want it, fire in my belly rather than in my soul to prepare me for all things.

Minerva:  Fire is the essence of creation, torched by God’s Word, moving everything into existence, and some proclaim one's flame must be extinguished, blown out to escape from their suffering, to assure one never returns and is delivered into disappointment’s nothingness. But people have souls that can never be reduced to nothingness, realizing they are essential to comprehend Creation’s goodness, bearing the potential to liberate humans from remnants of their beastly instincts and prepare them to reunite with their Maker.

Pyrrho:  We know energy is everything, difficult to measure except in fire, existing as an indescribable unknown, vanishing, feasted on by time, changing it into another mystery. Such are God’s messages, sent to humans before history began.

Uraka:  God sent prophets to ancient humans, unleashing their inherent knowledge of Him to receive His message, teaching them how to fellowship with Him by developing primitive religious practices compatible with their traditions, working with their youth to reject worldly ways so they could be reborn into a new and higher life for responding to what their Creator-God intends for them, helping them construct interpretations from revelations they receive, awakening them to the goodness of God's beauty and love. God’s goodness is not necessarily our convictions of what is best, expecting His to conform with ours; He is never an arbitrary God exercising reason in accord with ours. 

Minerva:  Primitive Humans were created with innate instructions to worship God and they developed different traditions for recognizing and communicating with Him. 

Muggins:  They may have been innately equipped at their creation to recognize some god or goddess but needed more to communicate with an unknown deity and they discovered chemicals hidden in nature to release their inhibitions to worship one they had never seen.

Pyrrho:  Primitive humans needed no instruction on how to sing and dance, worshipping anything by using nature’s secrets, consuming elixirs to spring rejoicing and forget life’s disappointments. Humans still cannot celebrate anything until they wipe away suffering discontent.

Muggins:  Intoxicated by frenzied music and wild dancing, ecstatically searching for something divine, people seek ways to unite with a god, using such rituals to sanctify their way of worship. For some, repetitious mantra-like incantations are also employed to call on their deity. People’s ways never change, needing some form of ecstasy to worship a god. 

Schaman:  Mystic rituals sanctify religion, depending on contemplations arising from people’s imagination, bringing on ecstasy, shutting out senses of reality to reveal hidden illusions, to experience rapture by singing and dancing to oblivion, depending on hallucinations for fulfillment, testifying to unity with worldly gods, but humans can be stranded transfixed where reality is nothingness. 

Uraka:  People need God and do whatever is necessary to know Him, giving Him understandable traits to make them believe He is like them, thinking it’s possible to bond and form a relationship with Him. Humans need someone who is worthy of being divine and can accept as their God, one who is like them and understands their needs to comprehend existence. Prophets appear and satisfy human longings, revealing inherent needs to discover and claim God, urging people to worship the One all have been waiting for.

Muggins:  Some of God’s prophets come as messiahs, and scholars will convince people they are God coming to earth as a human, coming so they can know Him.

Uraka:  Prophets are never messiahs, saviors or God, being sent merely to deliver God's messages, proclamations humans have heard before, unveiled by the Holy Spirit and eventually ignored, dismissed as imaginary unimportant intuitions. Any prophet sent by God cannot claim to be Him, a person transformed temporarily into a human for bringing people to know Him. People desperate to have God walking among them deify prophets to satisfy their needs, worshipping ones they consider divine until they discover someone new, an Immanuel preaching more inviting words. 

Azusa:  God's Word becomes flesh when He creates a person, making him a son of God but never a God, infusing one with the spirit of humanity for investing in His work, maintaining one’s flesh to carry the spirit during its time on earth. Made in the image of God testifies to the spirit created by His Word and not to flesh which is never made to last. 

Muggins:  Will anyone of the prophets your God anoints ever be called God on asking who do you think I am?

Pyrrho:  Some will ask others: Who do you think I am? Do they need others to define their existence, waiting on responses to confirm they are a deity? 

Muggins:  Asking who do you think I am marks insecurity, and when a disciple answers you are the Son of God, a prophet says: Tell no one. Why?

Schaman:  What sort of person makes declarations of being God? Mostly rulers who reach the pinnacle of human success and seek unattainable immortality, only to have their dreams shattered by death, compounding their illusions with tragedy.

Uraka:  Prophets may ask people: Who do you think I am, like knowing who they are is a mystery. Is such questioning to strengthen their imaginations of being someone more important than they are? A person fantasizing on being God is likely to seek others to support this desire as reasonable. Some never need confirmation by others, determining it can be done by themselves. True prophets are careful in never claiming to be God, knowing failure to be acknowledged as God attracts few followers. They must also strongly dispel notions of being a god, realizing gods suffer more ridicule and rejection than people of reason. 

Able:  I never want anyone to speculate who I am, and I will never ask this question. People waste much time imagining who they are and how they want to be considered. God decides what He wants me to be and I won't interfere with His plans, never agonizing how to reshape myself to make me someone for people to honor as greater than He plans for me to be. Therefore, I will never ask anyone who do you think I am; I know who I am and need no one to speculate on redefining me to satisfy a fleeting illusion.

Azusa:  God chose me to be a prophet and never to be more than His messenger. He continues to select prophets but many wanting to be divine will proclaim they are deities with rights to establish truth.

Able:  People must discern a prophet’s authority, deciding what one must be before accepting any as an ordained Son of God, an only person sent to represent God's interests in His Creation.

Schaman:  Does being the Son make one equal to God the Father, knowing Him intimately but unable to read His mind, leaving His plans hidden unless He chooses to reveal them, never disclosing the time and place for anything. God watches humans laying claim to tell the future, stumbling by chance on predicting what will happen, making no one equal to Him.

Muggins:  Sons have rights due all humans, one being equal to their fathers, and any son of God must be His Son. If He created me, I will never claim to be His Son.

Minerva:  God selects few people as messengers to transmit His Words testifying to Creation’s goodness, authorizing chosen ones to educate humans on His eternal truths, instructing people on where they came from, why they are here, and the destiny awaiting them on their demise. Why would He create a Son, another God lesser than Him, and send Him here to appear as an apparition disguised as a human being. Indeed, He could send a Holy Emissary, never needing to appear as a human bearing His messages, suggesting this messenger be called the Holy Spirit, never needing any claim to be His Son.

Schaman:  All messages from God delivered by Him are through Ormuza, one glorious with light, beneficence, and fragrance with everything pure.

Muggins:  Ormuza must be another name for someone’s Holy Spirit or an emissary appearing as a god-like human.

Able:  Humans think some can become like god, but never to become God the One and only, for He is the only Creator of all and no human can become another God, although many claim to be godlike, deifying themselves or elevated to a god by others. Scribes trusting their imagination tell people their bodies are gods, but gods, being both good and evil, controlling human lives, are like humans with all their passions and vices.

Schaman:  Prophets proclaim God's Word employs matter to create human bodies, transforming spoken commands into flesh. Does He also use His Word to create human spirits and invest beasts with them to create people, and even use His Word to make prophets unique, sanctifying some to be different from all others?

Pyrrho:  Words cannot make flesh, nor can they become flesh. Only chemical activity can make flesh.

Muggins:  If God’s Word makes flesh to create us and to become gods is a way to interpret His prophetic message, we can be deified in our flesh. If knowing oneself as the image of God, we should at least become a god like God. 

Schaman:  Indeed. If God creates us, declaring us to be His sons and heirs possessing His image, entitling us to be like Him, we must be His regents and godlike, equipping us with a deity’s potential, if not now at least in some future time. 

Minerva:  The ultimate destiny of humanity is theosis rather than merely redemption because it is driven by a divine intention instead of the retrieval of a fallen spiritual universe. Humankind is not just restored to its original condition but is exalted by deification, bringing everyone into more than a relationship with God, into union with Him, like some of His trusted prophets before their incarnation. 

Pyrrho:  Humans wonder why we live on this earth without any explanation, being told it is to prepare us for life in heaven, sanctifying all to rejoin God after being His sons placed in a den of evil sustained by demons, giving His offspring minimal knowledge with free will and making them responsible for their decisions. Why does God create us with reason if it cannot answer questions we ask?

Able:  Scribes telling us, Ye are gods; you are all children of the most high, urge us to work towards theosis, to certify us as gods, to become like God Himself and be united with Him. If God who we worship is the unknown, mysterious, indescribable Supreme Being, how can we know Him in any way except in being like us, created in His image, while we acknowledge He is also mysterious, omniscient, omnipotent and omnipresent, proclaiming Him eternal and everlasting which we endeavor to inherit with salvation?

Muggins:  Are prophets with your God’s messages little gods we must call Lord, possessing God’s authority, control and power, embellished to be more than couriers conveying His Words, knowing prophets are sent with little control and power to enforce His will? Call them Lord if one must, but they are no more than sons of God as we all are claimed to be. 

Schaman:  Can one called Lord, having authority, control and power be humble and henceforth exalted? Is anyone lowly qualified to be so honored? 

Minerva:  God ordains prophets from birth, filling their souls with the Holy Spirit, preparing them with humility, sending them into the wilderness where seekers can hear His message, free from the world’s distractions.

Muggins:  Prophets keep coming because humans believe any God’s Word proclaims little truth, even when His verities are consolidated in sanctuaries of stone. 

Able:  Prophets proclaim: God’s truth sets us free, but does this relay His truth pure and simple, the goodness of His creation arrayed in beauty, bearing His love filled with compassion for all and protecting everything from people’s freedom unleashed? 

Schaman:  Prophets must perform miracles to persuade people God commissions them as messengers, sending them to convey His Word and convince all to trust His messages.

Minerva:  You know prophets by their deeds, seeing some produce signs claimed to be miracles, working to convince skeptics and lead them to be trusted. Others claim they are the final prophets and all things will pass away before their eyes, but God knows He must continue sending prophets until people begin living true to His message. Trusted prophets admit they don’t know when all humans will begin to follow God’s commands and join with Him in eternity. 

Able:  What sort of person does God choose for His messenger? To be a courier for His messages one must have no foregone conclusions or preconceived ideas, nothing predetermined, and never be obstinate in following one’s ego. So, it appears He wants ones common and unadorned, bypassing many aristocratic leaders, rulers of decrees and doctrines whose ways are apparently not His.

Muggins:  All messengers come with foregone conclusions preaching predetermined convictions.

Minerva:  God’s prophets bear His message of being Author and Creator of the universe with the knowledge of its goodness and beauty imprinted with love. He gives no instructions for developing new social orders, ones being imagined by religious philosophers who think more should be added to God’s messages, trusting human reason qualifies them for this. 

Able:  People trust prophets claiming to be from God, equipped with political and military prowess to be messiahs, articulate orators convincing all being His chosen one. 

Schaman:  Some prophets have no intention of creating a new social order, confirming their mission by telling all that they are not of this world, claiming to come as messengers sent by God, declining appeals to be His warriors, trusting God never sends prophets with a militant purpose, but coming to convince us of all passing away and to make room for creation of a new heaven and earth.

Muggins:  What good does that do, populating a new territory with humans continuing to be born in sin? Changes must be made to cleanse people of that stigma, removing what people’s God thought to be essential for humankind. 

Able:  Some expect to survive, coming back from death to a new world consisting of restored Eden’s paradise, reappearing to ensure salvation, believing in destruction for their sinful world, recreating God’s Creation to be no longer ruled by humans, returning God to be steward of Creation’s mighty goodness. 

Muggins:  Prophets’ claim human’s virtuous nature differs from activities evident in their daily lives that blemish their integrity, tarnish their obedience to God, interfere with battles to preserve His truth, and never make His truth theirs or consider His message of goodness essential in their daily lives. Prophets wage holy wars to preserve their truths imagined to be Holy and sanctified by themselves. Why not? Our truths are as good as any other’s.

Schaman:  With God’s prophets bringing His message of goodness, people admit they can’t comply, falling far short of His expectations, so they invent ways to purify themselves, employing beasts to carry their sins away, scapegoats sent into the wilderness out of sight and mind, or by cleansing their bodies in streams of water to carry away their soil of living. Can God accept these ceremonies of purification for humans never sincerely living up to His expectations? 

Muggins:  With your God creating our suffering, why would He send us some prophet, coming as a suffering servant to join our agony and commiserate with us, promising us rewards if we respond by following His lackey’s ways?

Schaman:  Trust reason to determine sources of truth. Look at what people need to convince them prophets’ messages are from God, persuading humans to believe His dispatches by throwing in miracles such as messengers' resurrections from death, performing wonders for people to believe in Him as Creator and Mover of all.

Pyrrho:  Being humans, prophets suffer death and their memories may pass away, but not for all. Some promise to return as Saviors, saying it will be soon but give no definite time, telling us it will be in God’s time. After several millennia hope for some to return persists and some self-appointed as sages predict their Savior’s return on specific dates, but their forecasts invariably fail. Creating prophets to be a messiah promised to return continues, and people remain patient, never giving up on their hope for thousands of years.

Able:  People trust in Saviors’ coming, some reappearing in a second coming, promising to come with little delay, restoring believers from death to life, resurrecting chosen ones into their human bodies at a time known only by God. Historians report one of His Saints died and was buried after which his body disappeared, but someone subsequently met him alive and engaged him in conversation, convincing people chosen ones can be resurrected from the dead, verifying they were or had become divinity. 

Muggins:  But as attested by chosen ones resurrected from the dead, they say my spirit does not have flesh and bones like the living, indicating conversation is impossible.

Pyrrho:  If prophets chosen and sent by God fail to seal His mandates, why should they return and fail again rather than have Him empower someone different for the task, one equipped with force rather than relying on another wimp? 

Schaman:  Realize prophets come as messiahs prepared to be warriors and with skills to convince people they bear messages from God. Fighting many wars and suffering many painful ordeals, being trusted in having their hearts dedicated to divine peace and contentment, these prophets appear with what people honor, ones human in all ways, empowered to participate in life, but they suffer as all others.

Muggins:  Most prophets come as warriors, filled with convictions to battle against prevailing beliefs and they expect to suffer.

Minerva:  People anticipating redeemers, calling some messiahs, coming at unknown future times, fix all their hopes on them, trusting they will be greater than prophets God has already sent, but they never recognize any importance for His earlier messages and expect something greater than the nonsense scholars make Creation to be.

Muggins:  People never want to change their ways, doing everything my way, justifying all by their reason’s expression of free will, so why would they expect a redeemer to intrude on their thoughts and activities, and overturn the designs their reason determines for existence? Waiting on a redeemer is trust in myth.

Schaman:  Following the pattern of myths, redeemers must be the offspring of virgins, uncontaminated by human sexual activity, born from impregnation by some god, created sinless with godly powers, making them sons of god worthy of worship. All humans are unclean, soiled by sexual activity and expect a redeemer to forgive them for what they had no control over.

Pyrrho:  Scribes embellish lives serving God as prophets, adding fictitious accounts to their existence, making them greater than messengers, concocting myths to enrich and sanctify their activities.

Azusa:  Coming as God's servant I never appear as a sage, magician or miracle worker, titles detracting from His calling, authorizing me to be more than a prophet, as I am merely a humble disciple dismissing what others say I am.

Muggins:  Your God’s followers expect His prophets to work miracles and be a responsible sage with important messages, but they never realize His prophets are magicians skilled with illusions for tricking people’s perceptions. 

Pyrrho:   Magic is a human activity and if we are made in the image of God it must be inherited from Him, bombarding us with illusions for no good reason.

Minerva:  Humans cannot debate God’s existence or understand His distinguishing traits by exercising their reasoning abilities or thoughts only to conclude they represent illusion’s nothingness. People must depend on their inherent calling created by God to know Him, mysteriously revealed by intuition, never determined by human reason with its failing to establish truth, considering its tenuous verities last only momentarily until replaced by something judged more reliable. People ask prophets for miracles to prove their words are messages from God, trusting impossible happenings are essential to develop beliefs in Him. Miracles are with us always, but we never look. All life is a miracle taken for granted and is magnified by the supernatural addition of a spirit’s soul to make one a human being. 

Pyrrho:  Humans deify their favorite prophets, developing tales of how they cure diseases, revive dead people, bring forth water for arid land, cause vegetation to sprout or wither on command, as well as many other marvels to convince people of their powers and to save them for eternal life. 

Muggins:  Prophets develop myths to convince people they are sent by some God to bear His messages and be commissioned to preach His Words for all to hear, all done believing they know what their God is like.

Able:  People honor their prophets, greeting their entry triumphantly, celebrating their arrival as most holy, sanctifying the ground they walk on, welcoming their kindness, expecting them to be harsh against traitors denying God’s truth by erasing all reasoned truths as heresy and delivering divine justice to cleanse people’s minds of thoughts from previous prophets, clearing out radical beliefs and destroying their foundations, eliminating pagans who would pollute their believers. People following some prophets never accuse God of being cruel and heartless for clearing His holy ground of superstitious beliefs and practices, believing His ways are the epitome of kindness and generosity, trusting God’s love is faithful to His message. Trust prophets to know what God is like.

Pyrrho:  How much does reason allow us to believe? Some prophets with God’s message are reported to vanish, disappearing from sight, leaving no trace of being on earth, giving rise to belief in their being or becoming a god or God, to claims they were pre-existent and subsequently incarnated to appear on earth after being supernaturally conceived and miraculously born to live sinless, destined to suffer through human’s evil deeds. Coming with a redemptive purpose to be a savior of humans, theologians tell people to believe these prophets are all-seeing and all-knowing, deified and everlasting.

Schaman:  Prophets trusted of being pre-existent before their birth, spending time with God and His angels so they could appear in human form, claim to know God and are commissioned to tell people what He is like. Scholarly believers writing that humans are made in His image think of every dignifying word to describe Him. 

Able:  Prophets never require pre-existence with God to receive and deliver His message and they should never claim it, its proclamation being the declaration of their disciple’s imaginations and etched in stone by scribes. Belief in prophet’s sinlessness and speaking their names are vested with their death-delivering power and saving grace. 

Minerva:  Disciples and scribes promote supernatural powers for prophets, using them to encourage belief, realizing people never stop asking for another miracle to trust someone offering wondrous things. Some prophets were trusted to walk on water, to mysteriously vanish and suddenly reappear, to multiply provisions from little for feeding hundreds, to raise people from death to life, and to control nature by calling on vegetative growth to die and command rain to come or go. Others had healing powers activated by touching people’s garments, by focusing their eyes on one’s ailment, or by their spoken words.

Azusa:  God’s proclamation of Creation’s goodness, His greatest declaration emphasized by prophets, reminds humans to exercise love, empathy and kindness for others, to live by rules incorporated in their religions, decrees of proper conduct proclaimed like gold or silver, summarized by philosophers as: Do not do to others what you would not wish to suffer yourself. 

Muggins:  We are born free, unburdened by any golden rules stifling our freedom, jeopardizing our free will, and waiting to condemn our choices.

Pyrrho:  Prophets bringing a message from their Supreme Being, militantly denying any other God and commanding destruction of other religious beliefs, rule by their will. Is this their “golden” rule extermination of all who obey and believe differently, dismissing them as heretics?
  
Muggins:  What rule is “golden”? Whose rule is it? Aren’t rules made to be broken, lasting no longer than truths. Wars are fought to maintain decrees, making them laws of the land, protecting doctrines and dogmas worth fighting for. 

Pyrrho:  Human rules are sanctified by disciples and scribes interpreting their God’s messages before facing their acceptance by the masses, ritualizing them as sacred for solemn remembrance to ensure their memory never fades.

Minerva:  Religious intellectuals develop doctrines and dogmas, describing demons, days of judgment, heaven and hell, angels, and concepts of a divine savior. None of these are described in God’s message of goodness and its beauty established with love. Their convictions of evil are inconsistent with His goodness and require belief in gods He would have had to create, God being the creator of everything and everyone, making Creation’s goodness a myth. Scribes exercising their free will develop convictions of evil based on anything supporting humans’ wants and desires, transforming God’s message to satisfy their readers. 

Muggins:  Your God creates us to covet wants and desires, telling us to pray and He will fulfill our wishes, but He sends us prophets telling us to trust and obey, giving Him something, believing to give is better than receiving.

Azusa:  Why must obedience to God our Creator be so difficult, causing Him to send prophets one after another, each telling us to believe in salvation on terms people think they understand, having been reasoned and developed as trusted religious doctrines? Are any religious dogmas reliable, believing sinful thoughts and activities sends one to hell for eternal torture or everlasting punishment consists of a series of rebirths into an existence where individuals lived before, thus maintaining the world as a chamber designed for evil to tempt its inhabitants where they can never avoid sin, or perhaps humans are destined for some form of purgatory where people’s evil thoughts and deeds are washed away, purifying them where cleansing by water in life fails? Humans may also trust salvation’s solution is to escape the world’s fate of existence by completely denying Creation’s goodness, beauty and love, living as hermits, begging for nothing more than needs for survival. 

Minerva:  God never condemns evil humans to everlasting punishment in a place like hell. This conviction has been the work of scribes thinking it is appropriate for sinful people. Prophets faithfully delivering God’s message are not responsible because His Words cannot be interpreted as anything other than they tell of Creation’s goodness, beauty and love for all He creates. 

Azusa:  God expects us to exercise our human abilities, reasoning how to best determine our existence, respect His sovereignty, acknowledge His divine will, and understand how nature interacts with our life on earth. 

Schaman:  Reason and free will being complementary invite philosophy to interpret God’s message whatever way intellectual endeavors choose, resulting in religious proliferation of reasons for finding different ways to interpret and develop sacred legal doctrines, making them mandatory decrees for believers, giving people multiple ones to choose from, with each considering another’s dogmatic heresy. 

Minerva:  Prophets come into a world humans regard imperfect, forgetting God creates everything perfect, claiming goodness for all with everything flawless. Prophets may surrender to people’s demands and permit disciples to offer suggestions supporting human desires, creating doctrines and dogmas in accordance with their convictions of living in an imperfect world, making their creation by God for placement here absurd. 

Pyrrho:  With many versions of religious scriptures, a practice develops to destroy all competing versions and establish one as God’s infallible inerrant testimony by leaders with greatest power to reason or enforce their will.

Muggins:  Indeed. Prophets continue coming to confront people’s absurd sacred doctrines and dogmas, compelling them to exterminate anyone with heretical ideas conflicting with the orthodoxy their disciples demand.

Minerva:  Religious freedom and free speech protect competing religions, assuring proliferation of numerous sects with their various doctrines and dogmas. Intellectual scholars develop their tenets, rules for living, by human reason, thinking as theologians or philosophers they can write laws to conform with God’s message on creating a philosophy of theology.

Able:  Human reason justifies us to modify God's messages by generating philosophical understandings people can live by, and ones accepted become doctrines and dogmas with unacceptable ones rejected as heresies. God did not send them to be modified into creeds, however, to be transformed by human reason. 

Azusa:  This is a manifestation of philosophy, the beginnings of I can do everything by myself, exercising my innate powers to reason all that is best for me, achieving salvation by psychological self-discipline and human wisdom that needs no messages from God nor to worship One people can’t see.

Able:  Humans learning truths of faith in its fullness must question whether theological philosophy can be their teacher.

Minerva:  Philosophers love wisdom, believing it all develops from their mental deliberations, worshipping it with passion deserved only for God, never acknowledging it all comes from Him. Celebrating wisdom developed by humans ends with nothing since its truths are swept away by philosophy’s next contribution. People wishing to be closer to God must listen to His message’s wisdom, enlisting as co-workers to be His servants, heeding nothing else, refreshing Creation’s goodness He made for all. 

Schaman:  Humans require more than God’s messages to develop religious beliefs. Religions need theology, and theologians need philosophy to build and sustain their faith. They cannot rely merely on what prophets deliver in His messages.

Able:  God begins one's training with philosophy for whom He anoints to become prophets, revealing further knowledge they can understand, transforming some philosophers to theologians, an arduous, time-consuming, difficult task, never without anxious moments.

Schaman:  Developers of religion depend on historical traditions for their doctrines and dogmas, preserving what people believe and trust as truths. In addition, for most, reason is not neglected, and people understand prophetic messages from God best by intellectual endeavors, while for others brought up with superstitious indoctrination, mysticism remains most important for accepting truths in His prophetic messages. 

Pyrrho:  Truth changes and spawns unlimited doctrines, instituting orthodoxy to sanctify some and reject others as myths, dismissing God’s unacceptable transcendental information so His message can be ignored, freeing people to maintain their reasoned beliefs. So much for truth’s historical traditions, making none trustworthy. 

Schaman:  All truths are subject to change, making us to suffer uncertainty that cannot claim Creation is good as God testifies.

Muggins:  Philosophers proclaim some people’s God created time but remains outside of it, making Him powerless to change so He remains unchanging. Nothing humans know changes without time and leaving God outside of time supports sage's contentions that He is unchanging. Despite beliefs that God never changes, scribes recording His activities show Him to be a changing God. Humans finding relics of His created lives recognize they no longer exist, making us believe He created them and broke their mold when imagining something better. So much for philosophic speculations on there being any eternal truths.

Minerva:  Prophets bring messages from our one God, preaching His Word for all to hear, but people modify His messages, reasoning a better way to transcribe them. After changing them people forget they are from God and begin looking to themselves for better understandings of how to live, accepting philosophical explanations, regarding pronouncements from intellectual minds far better than any from an unseen God. 

Able:  How do philosophers arrive at their conclusions, perhaps aided by God? Ones from the East develop sage dogmas no different from intellectuals living far away at earth’s opposite end where never the twain has met. Where do their thoughts come from but insights and intuition appearing for reasons unknown?

Minerva:  Everything from God comes through His Word, called the primary Logo by scholars, using the term to deliver Creation’s understanding, and intellectuals believe no one is better at this than philosophers, calling their teachings a way or the Way, revealing the first principle of existence, unity of the world, the course all things follow, the cause of everything, creating, developing, nourishing, caring for, comforting and protecting God’s Creation. God’s goal is for His messages to become archetypes, patterns for humans to emulate, but philosophers modify His model for a paradigm, thinking improvements are essentials for people’s acceptance to follow. God’s transcendence is understood only by ones hearing and adopting His true unmodified message. 

Pyrrho:  Philosophers modify prophets’ messages from God, claiming He traps humans into believing they are victims of a curse engineered by an ancient person’s disobedience, a dogma perpetuated by self-appointed intellectuals, concurring with others that people are to be born in sin, with there being no exceptions for claiming His grace. This illusion of a fall from God’s mercy, concocted by philosophers, precludes any grace for humans to expect or for any God has to offer, exacting death as a price for human disobedience.

Minerva:  Made in the image of God never means humans choose to live by any measure of His image. Prophets are called to remind people that they must throw the switch to activate the inherent archetype He places in them to follow, the image of Him He expects us to live by. God creates people in His image for a purpose, never as a unimportant afterthought, but as way to reunite their human essence with the divine potential, sanctifying people with deification, never to become God but to become like Him.  

Pyrrho:  God’s messages tempt scribes to write sacred scriptures, declaring God chooses pre-existent beings as prophets to be senders, incarnating them for delivering His messages to humans, who deify and venerate them as saviors. Let the best writers win accolades.

Schaman:  Prophets come to establish domains of their own, never acknowledging their God has territorial claims on all, sending messengers to convince people of His possessions, but He sees them divide up all Creation, claiming an abundance to the deprivation of others.

Muggins:  As a philosopher you ring the bell to awaken truth.

Azusa:  Lovers of their own wisdom, philosophers enamored with their own thoughts, denigrate God’s messages, calling them unimportant prophetic sayings, criticizing them as imaginations, giving me a legacy of being nothing more than another myopic visionary, prompting intellectuals and historians to describe me as a star-worshipper, one sacrificing to heavenly bodies, but my message from God is clear and even though I look to Him in heaven’s skies, I worship nothing seen there any more than this land He created. 

Muggins:  You must be an astrologer, thinking the stars hold all answers, trusting in magic, deceiving yourself in believing you can read the heavens to understand cosmic mysteries, and you climb mountains for reaching out to the stars.

Able:  I trust mountain-top experiences to commune with God, being closer to Him and undistracted when I listen to His messages, knowing He may come down and appear in a burning bush on peaks closest to His abiding place.

Azusa:  God descends in tongues of fire when sending His Holy Spirit, and I trust witnessed reports of His coming, making fire important when worshipping His presence, equipping us to commune with Him. 

Muggins:  Fire’s destroying properties never equips anyone. Worshippers use fire to sacrifice and consume portions of Creation, establishing destruction as part of religious rituals although their God never asks for it, giving back what His followers believe already belongs to Him. Does your God appreciate returning His goodness in ashes?

Azusa:  Fire is sacred for what it represents, created by God, being the energy essential for life, understanding without it humans and all other life would cease to exist. Preservation of fire’s ashes to commemorate one’s existence serves as a testimony to His activity in people’s lives.

Muggins:  How can ashes testify to anything good? Can anything better arise from ashes? This is the subject of fables.

Pyrrho:  Fallacy believes God's Creation is good, yet the human imagination moves on to believe this world will pass away, be destroyed in favor of God creating something better to correct His mistakes, thinking that His ways of wisdom differ little from ours.

Able:  Wisdom’s pronouncements for developing one’s own truths, trusted to define oneself, ignore God’s truths revealed by prophets that permit no one to escape from spiritual poverty. 

Minerva:  Some having heard God’s message trust in themselves instead, dismissing all His Words, relying on their own reason to escape the world’s sufferings, seeking enlightenment by finding an ultimate wisdom hidden from humankind, enabling them to live in accordance with right belief, aspiration, speech, action, livelihood, endeavor, thought, and concentration, trusting their suffering will cease. 

Muggins:  Prophets never sent by your God develop great trust in themselves and believe salvation from suffering develops by reason.

Pyrrho:  Reason creates illusions, fantasies suffering many.

Azusa:  Many with reasoning greater than yours accuse me of inventing magic and resorting to blasphemy, tarnishing my commitment to bear God's will. 

Minerva:  Entrenched religious leaders acting to protect their domains against the continuum of prophets coming with God’s messages invariably accuse them of blasphemy, especially from ones claiming to be long-awaited saviors, threatening existence of secular and spiritual authorities with obsolescence, making such prophets apostate criminals likely to be killed. When heretics threaten orthodox establishments, their leaders must be destroyed but their remaining followers usually have ones eager to become new leaders. Such people have little trouble finding new enemies since humans readily find them among themselves, ready to fight over doctrines and dogmas, killing anyone they accuse of blasphemy. 

Pyrrho:  Intellectuals contend religious experiences are forms of wizardry, and God’s followers believe many expressing such interpretations prompts God to keep sending prophets because brilliant thinkers deny Him and His work to create everything. 

Muggins:  Humans are created to imagine, dragging out sorcerers from hidden crannies to exercise magic for developing religions and they never call it wizardry nor need to seek magicians out from the heavens.

Pyrrho:  Many believe humans can look skyward to find Creation’s secrets, searching the heavens to know all, but seeing only stars they outline their patterns, believing them worthy of worship, and they become astrologers, develop star-gazing, dismissing anyone sending prophets, no more, no less, trusting all knowledge can be found in heaven’s realms. 

Minerva:  Credit only God for teaching eternal truths to earthly sages, even some recognized as philosophers, presumably using God's messages to create their own wisdom and exercising it in metaphysical battles with other lovers of wisdom. Philosophers reconstruct prophets’ messages, giving them wisdom developed by humans, trusting their endeavors to describe existence. If philosophy could establish indisputable truths, resistant to doubt, and if philosophers were completely unbiased, progress might be evident, but prevailing cultural moods and intellectual prowess determine verities accepted by society, with people’s trusted prejudices masquerading as principles fashionable for the time.

Pyrrho:  If philosophy has power to establish indisputable truths, immune to doubt, and if its pundits are unbiased spokespersons, it could possibly claim progress. Philosophy’s past successes have been determined by prevailing cultural convictions or ideological premises of intellectual classes, developing and maintaining biases posing in conformity with its day.

Muggins:  Philosophy totally dependent on reason for its conclusions, with reason’s release authorized by free will to convince all its judgments are true, has no solutions convincing me to never doubt, and I attribute all my doubts on exercises of reason.

Schaman:  Can anyone distinguish prophets from philosophers? Both develop creeds and religions, human constructions for creating noble and subtle enlightenments claimed to be verities from God. 

Able:  Wait and see. Pundits declare humans create religion, and this is true when they take God's Words and bolster them with doctrines created by their reason to produce myriads of religion, none of which sanctifies anyone or makes humans righteous, transformations done only by God.

Azusa:  Philosophers exploit their reasoning, plundering and transforming God's Words to make them their own, thereby creating their theology. If prophets never appear as deities, people will view them as philosophers promoting new forms of religion. 

Schaman:  Humans, emboldened by transcendent intuitions, carefully reason their imaginations and modify them into artifices of philosophy, declaring objects of people's creation can be trusted more than whims of idle contemplation.

Pyrrho:  Humans trust revelations of sense experience, phenomenon understandable by reason, to discover what God thinks and how He creates, but they always fail on finding no one can reveal anything that’s in the bottomless pit of His hidden mysteries.

Minerva:  What humans believe about God is built on unending philosophical commitments empowered by people’s intellect to understand all Creation and reveal its underlying truths, depending on human reason rather than His revelations to develop their theology. Look at people who need no philosophical musings to know what God is, developing no complicated doctrines and dogmas to explain His Being, but they are regarded as pagans since they never know or accept any prevailing orthodoxy. 

Pyrrho:  Prophets loving God and carrying His messages seldom stand fast and show little resistance against others’ modifications using reason’s attachments of doctrines and dogmas. No prophet is perfect, revealing human deficiencies ingrained by timeless culture.

Schaman:  All religions, developed by sinful humans, acknowledge the world is imperfect, the source of all problems, defying attempts by anyone for its improvement, with people waiting for death to escape, for rescue to some better place.

Muggins:  Religion’s universal mantra is to promote peace, but can harmony maintain serenity when questionable doctrines and dogmas establish borders that can never be crossed without impunity? 

Minerva:  Some prophets come to establish harmony for all human activities by encouraging development of doctrines and dogmas to regulate people’s sensual, social, economic and political lives, but they forget their primary mandate to proclaim God’s message of Creation’s goodness and beauty, signs of His love for all. 

Pyrrho:  Philosophers proclaim Creation’s imperfections, being a mouthpiece for prophets trembling over God’s message, struggling with trust in being religious, confused by competing religions claiming God’s blessing, leaving seekers unable to choose.

Able:  People need more than God's Word, insisting on more than what His messages contain, and they think doctrines are necessary, justifying prophets to become philosophers for developing dogmas to describe what God is, describing Him with so many that humans create numerous religions, so many they justify wars to fight others over their differences. 

Muggins:  People dissatisfied with prophets’ messages from their God develop philosophy to explain all that He never chooses for them to know and they worship revelations of their reason, creating for each person an individual religion to follow, to sanctify life itself while ignoring possibilities of unknown consequences. 

Azusa:  Prophets coming with reliable messages from God stand by as human reason transforms His Words into religions. Philosophical acumen helps to develop them, creating new religions reasoned by theology, as humans incorporate judgments based on superstition, doctrines, dogmas, rituals, and institutions far removed from the essence of God’s messages.

Minerva:  Reason led by intellectual scholars directed to investigate any God’s revelations conclude they never exist, but this cannot be studied, no more than intuitions or imaginations. Investigations on how or why people develop religions with their doctrines and dogmas all conclude with speculations, never with any hard facts. 

Pyrrho:  Prophets promoting a philosophy of science predict the pursuit of nature’s knowledge will eventually answer all questions on our existence and provide solutions to conquer human suffering and death. We will need no messages from God as scholars pursue answers, exercising reason to conquer and control nature’s forces. 

Minerva:  What is more important? Marking up God’s messages with doctrinal edicts for religion to create an institution with a priesthood or an ethical creed for people to honestly follow the goodness of His Creation established out of love and filled with beauty? Is there much difference in importance between an orthodox religion filled with creeds and an unacceptable religion faithfully developed from God’s messages of goodness? Which would fully satisfy Him? 

Pyrrho:  Could any religion have done better? Perhaps, if prophets bringing messages from a God did not produce religions that tried to be philosophies, human-made constructions made to vie with other exercises of human reason, providing fodder for conflict. 

Muggins:  Scribes tinkering with messages of revelation are good at promoting superstitions, providing ample nourishment for conflict.

Minerva:  Philosophy depends on superstition, trusting its scribes to develop better virtues for living. Should we rely on science for life’s principles, theorizing fragile truths certain to change and replace trusted verities at a moment’s notice, discarding reasoned truths accumulated by human endeavors, beliefs responsible for human suffering and carnage? So be it for fruits of greater value promising to make us better human beings. 

Able:  Amen. Many ignore prophets’ messages from God and hope humans will improve, growing better and better to live by higher values, dismissing His messages as unreliable superstitions and imaginations, while trusting greater accomplishments of philosophy to surpass any lofty value for religion, and this is likely to happen as God’s messages are distorted by doctrines and dogmas. Having become the handmaiden of theology and indispensable for its development, neglecting and often forgetting God's Word creating everything good and beautiful with satisfaction for all, philosophy reigns.

Muggins:  Indeed. Philosophy and theology may be different but are companion ways to nurture what many call the passion of life.

Pyrrho:  Philosophy and science cannot be deduced from God's Words but develop by human reason. Theology joins philosophy to develop human-made verities and when united with human’s scientific discoveries, people congratulate themselves on their secular accomplishments. 

Minerva:  Prophet’s message from God tells us to develop an honorable character, but philosophers declare this is their responsibility and demand credit for its achievement after realizing religion distorts God’s Word, with human reason thinking it has command of eternal ideas while ignoring all those in His messages. People lacking wisdom to solve human-relation problems and never calling on God for help can take no pride in their secular achievements.

Muggins:  People seldom call on a God for help. They choose venerated intermediaries to pray for their desires, trusting them more than from a God they never hear from.

Pyrrho:  Some people calling on God for help claim He authorizes them to establish a religious community, declaring it His will to replace an old with a new religion, condemning the old as pagan and heretical, replacing its pollution with a new set of doctrines and dogmas. 

Schaman:  New prophets appearing with God’s message and convincing people to honestly apply it to their lives, face ridicule and torment by prevailing orthodox religions fearing any change in their trusted decrees, by replacing the old with something new.

Minerva:  Philosophical manipulations of religious beliefs make orthodox religion’s deities impersonal metaphysical beings or merely abstract principles, ignoring God’s message for all humankind. 

Pyrrho:  This characterizes many religions believing in a supreme being to adore and worship, an invisible deity possessing the human image with powers to know and control everything, responding to people’s prayers who trust in their God, doing what people believe important so they can ignore the essence of His messages.

Azusa:  God’s message declaring Creation’s goodness and beauty, embodying His supreme love, comes with a command demanding people’s moral commitment that can’t be renounced by their intellectual resort to senses and reason, or by religious additions to divine commands imposing doctrines and dogmas to give religions control over their followers and secure their absolute dependence. 

Pyrrho:  Dogmas are essential to gain and instruct followers, for becoming the core of their beliefs and documents for enslavement.

Minerva:  Prophets bearing God’s message tempt intellectuals relying on human reason to develop dogmas for uniting God with people scribes choose to deify, needlessly contributing to beliefs telling how a religion should be understood, but they add more mystery to the enigma of our unknown God. 

Able:  Why do scribes conceal prophetic messages in mystery, written without understanding and later revealed to unknowing ones committed to be disciples of a subsequent prophet, followers rising from ignorance’s poverty where religion had left them stranded?

Muggins:  Can people claim any personal value promised by Creation’s goodness when their religion hides God’s message in mystery, written to trust no goodness for anyone unless they accept its doctrines and dogmas, preaching worthlessness of their body, activity and being, compelling its adherents to be suffering servants of God?

Pyrrho:  God’s message doesn’t interpret goodness to include freedom of religion, for what manner of goodness does that represent? Religion ridicules love except for its own and testifies to beauty of others as idolatry. 

Muggins:  Freedom of religion introduces confusion into Creation’s goodness, challenging reason to accept an oxymoron.

Azusa:  Must Creation have people like you whose words and deeds lead holy ones astray, mocking prophets ordained by God who speak the true excellence of His Words, the essence of holiness? Religions ordain high priests, learned in theology, devoted to promoting righteousness, proclaiming no worldly pleasure can justify holiness's boundless joy and assure any form of immortality. 

Muggins:  Are you the officer of an inquisition trusting only one prophet, one among many, forgetting new prophets appear to bring new truths, disregarding and discarding present words as merely steppingstones to evolving better truths?

Minerva:  Ones you speak of are never prophets, being obedient lackeys justifying human desires, offering people ways to justify their convictions, to edicts you claim are God’s, using the sword if necessary to dominate all, advocating violence like warring autocrats rule a theocracy claimed to be authorized by God. We never understand why God allows frauds like you, denying His message to implement their own.

Pyrrho:  Prophets will always face distrust’s dismantling of people’s belief in God, human’s growing confidence in the development of philosophy, and  the discarding of human intuition as imaginary wanderings beyond the boundaries of reason, declaring God is dead with no one left to govern people, abandoning Creation’s divine intelligence and love, believing all is created by chance and all explanations by God are myths.

Minerva:  You cannot understand believers’ intuitions proclaiming God’s goodness, joining doubters declared to be pagans, renegades never accepting orthodoxy humans trust as truth, deviates shunned by believers, smug with their brilliant knowledge and pride.     

Azusa:  Pride causes people’s downfall, moving them to deny God by proclaiming: This world is mine, with no God must I know, from me alone all excellence will flow.

Minerva:  Prophets chosen by God are ordained to proclaim His will, but human’s free will tempts them to embellish their persona needlessly, making them greater than He determines them to be, and if not by their will to change God's intent, they have ardent followers doing that for them.

Muggins:  With belief that God is dead what can I lose by masquerading as a prophet or a philosopher proclaiming how the world should be? The shadows I see in my mind’s cavern are real and never illusions. Learned ones have told us humans see shadows flickering on cave walls to comprehend reality, and today scientists investigating all things further still develop truths of reality by never observing anything directly but by their activity’s shadows. 

Pyrrho:  Shadows fixed as illusions with castings of their images in mystery, are unexplained except by doctrines and dogmas.

Minerva:  Prophets bring God’s message to satisfy human yearnings to know what is beyond their understanding. Looking to themselves for this, using their imagination to form illusions, people develop philosophy and trust its ideas to satisfy their longings, hoping it raises their thoughts to higher levels and reveal previously unknown truths to become matters of fact. God doesn’t intend for us to know facts about Him that are unimportant to our existence, wanting only for us to comprehend, accept, and honor His goodness, beauty, and love in all Creation. 

Pyrrho:  I would never accept an offer to be a prophet, seeing how they complain and suffer, wishing they were never chosen, rejected by orthodoxy and prevailing establishments, ridiculed by intellectual reasoning, transformed for acceptance, misused to be forgotten, and disappearing into history as relics of ancient understandings.

Minerva:  Prophets suffer when they forget God’s message and trust philosophical musings telling people how to live and question their ultimate destiny, instructing them here and into the beyond, perverting God’s ideas into hollow thoughts, convincing them life is a comedy of nothingness, with nothing worth the price of life. Prophets bringing God’s messages must never rely on human convictions offered by philosophy and never trust their own ideas to assure completeness. 

Azusa:  In time intellectuals will regard me as another relic of someone's mythological fantasy, rejected as an imaginary prophet whose messages must be distrusted as folklore, spreading illusions claimed to be from God.

Able:  Success can tempt prophets to become scholarly theological philosophers and stifle reality’s true purpose by warping God's message with their intellectual introspections, depriving people's soul of His nourishment, leaving them relics to be ignored.

Pyrrho:  Reason bribes people to be successful intellects, showing them how to be philosophers, believing they can win human attention.

Minerva:  Reason has its importance, imputed in humans to activate crossing the bridge connecting God’s love with His Creation, assuring bonding to remove alienation and develop empathy, compassion, sympathy for all. We must unveil our inherent love for God and for all His creatures, initiate reverent compassion for all life and Creation, and exercise veneration for life rather than the law and prophets.

Able:  Some prophets thinking much must be explained by adding to God’s message will be remembered for laws their disciples developed, edicts scribes described essential for salvation. Others will understand His message conveying grace and mercy as demonstrations of Creation’s goodness reflecting its beauty and His love. 

Azusa:  Prophets delivering God’s message and remaining silent wait on others to see what words they use for developing dogmas to meet people’s approval, trusting priests for speaking to God, relying on intermediary disciples to pray for them.

Pyrrho:  Should people ever trust priests’ or philosophers’ advice on what to believe and how to behave?

Azusa:  Prophets cannot reveal who God is, coming only to deliver His messages for living in and loving Creation, but priests and philosophers refusing to quarrel with reason insist on developing dogmas to describe God, what He is like and understand the laws He commands people to follow. Prophets contribute nothing to pundits’ speculations on who or what God is, because He cannot be described using terms humans know and articulate, describing Him with attributes they recognize in people. 

Able:  No one has an inside track to God, going to Him directly, and believers know He speaks to them through His Holy Spirit, needing no other party to either communicate with Him or hear His messages.

Pyrrho:  Going to God directly costs nothing, saving you the expense of using an intermediary having no better credentials other than ones self-authorized.

Azusa:  Remember prayer has no authority to seal one in goodness when one lacks virtuous thoughts, words and deeds, rewarding supplicants with joy in being with God, His excellence, holiness, and goodness. 

Pyrrho:  Does your God expect you to pray often with more supplications better, realizing most requesters come begging to satisfy their desires and expand their want’s domains? If God provides all your needs should you pray for more to fulfill your wants, trusting prayer is necessary for faithful ones having no trace of faithlessness?

Able:  Prophets tell us to be satisfied with God’s provision for all our needs. They admonish us to never seek greater wealth by exacting usury to accumulate what we do not need and to justify greedy exploitations by donating token amounts to ones deprived of their needs, victims of usury’s consequences. 

Schaman:  Prophets also tell us to hate our kin in order to follow God’s message, preaching believers must leave their families to join God’s Kingdom, so scribes show people how to compromise this confusion and answer their needs.

Muggins:  Existing in Creation’s goodness with its love, where does hate come from? Is hatred enigmatic, mysteriously incorporated in goodness, ranking it high as an oxymoron?

Pyrrho:   In another incongruity, scribes claim God requires money to grow His kingdom, embellishing what He already created good, for blessing it with greater goodness in order to gain followers. Can one trust God profits from this?

Schaman:  See how God directs humans to till the earth for their needs, to harvest the bounty it promises, but scribes write that He curses people with this task because of some long-past disobedience, making agriculture a burden of punishment. How does He profit from this?

Minerva:  If humans deserve punishment and everything created by God is good, who determines retribution’s form of infliction? Only by people’s free will can its manner be imposed and so sinful humankind decides what should be done. 

Pyrrho:  Prophets tell humans someone can atone for all their sins, iniquities scribes trust God to overlook, allowing depravity because He loves us, and the punishment for these sins we need not take upon ourselves, with humans acknowledging none for themselves because they have an adoring Savior who takes on their sins before God. 

Muggins:  What a blessing this is for trusting another person to take on my corruption and relieve me of anxiety, knowing another is always by my side, ready to be sacrificed for my transgressions. But one must believe in sin and the need for a Savior, neither of which occupies my thoughts.

Pyrrho:  People want leaders to demand obedience and reward submissiveness, to overlook what prophets declare as sins and forgive iniquities of passion. 

Muggins:  Humans born utterly sinful cannot lecture others born completely in sin, people trusting in their rational thinking to be greater than others, convicted of speaking truth for proselytizing ignorant others, counseling ones believed to be blinded by doctrinal decrees.

Minerva:  God’s message of goodness shows humans are not born to sin, sinfulness being chosen by their free will, never acknowledging any of the beauty He creates in them, and He fashions them more than a puppet for His control. Creation’s goodness requires God’s complete control, however, with laws directing the cosmos’ activities, assuring the stars’ and planets’ planned directions. Needing no more laws than these, God creates people with free will to choose how they want to live.

Pyrrho:  Prophets sent by God should confess and plead for mercy, having failed to convince humans of His message’s importance, admitting few have done His work or uttered His name, recognizing humans covet others’ belongings, are base and worthless, filled with lust and anger, foolish and dishonest from birth, and are born sinfully addicted to pleasure. How did sin come from Creation’s goodness but by humans transforming their perceptions of the world, disregarding prophets’ messages from God so that scribes can claim people are born sinful, which they accept and live accordingly. Someone imagined humans are doomed to be sinful and created to be the source of evil, with their greatest depravity and wickedness condemning them to death. But God’s prophets had trouble convincing people that their death was merely a step in existence’s everlasting and they imagined ways to ensure continued life in some paradise of God’s heaven. But if He created everything good how could anything or place be better? 

Muggins:  Convinced that nothing in Creation is good, scholars mandate laws, doctrinal decrees and dogmas to blame humans for their failure to obey rules, edicts multiplied with pronouncement of a myriad do’s and don’ts, overwhelming people with no possibility of being innocent, making everyone guilty.

Able:  Why do we need messages mandating any tradition or law, thinking prophets must provide them? Prophets are sent to remind us of God’s Spirit, intentionally placed within us at our conception, installed to acknowledge His love creates all, brimming with beauty of His goodness, guaranteeing the bond we share to interact with Him, admonishing us for maintaining traditions established by letters of laws, sealed and secured by doctrines and dogmas, distortions of God’s messages by free will’s reasoning. 

Azusa:  Your words bear some truth. Laws entrenched by doctrines and dogmas stifle our intuitions, prevent beauty and love from blossoming, ignore Creation’s goodness God claims for all He makes, and forbid humans to imagine a better world and life. 

Minerva:  Belief in progressive revelations revealed by the Holy Spirit prepares the foundation for development of new doctrines and dogmas, but this must never ignore God’s mandate to maintain goodness for His Creation and never dismiss its beauty, all being essential for acknowledging His love for all. The uncountable written verses of scribe’s revelations became doctrines and dogmas that overlooked His mandate and forced Him to trust new prophets for conveying His message. 

Muggins:  Many candidates vie to succeed as messiahs, promising more revelations than from disciples of previous prophets, proposing new doctrines to satisfy the masses, dogmas trusted to guarantee ritual purity, progressive revelations for replacing outdated scriptures, once written as words coming directly from God. So, what’s new?

Pyrrho:  Prophets may come as needed to reveal God’s truth, being the essential source for His will to be done, but mystics appear bringing their conceptions of religious knowledge, claiming them to be as important as prophet’s revelations. Mystics, contemplating doctrines previously developed by esoteric perceptions, transform their dogmas into new beliefs.

Muggins:  Prophets come to threaten people, proclaiming belief in their dogmas is the only way to heaven, judging all others heretical and dooming them to eternal punishment, giving no hope to live beyond their existence here.

Pyrrho:  Salvation is an illusion, being a hopeless dream for anyone, judging people’s thoughts, words and deeds are so terrible that no amount of repentance could be acceptable for any God.

Azusa:  No one knows that and can state God’s terms for salvation. He never tells any prophet what conditions determine salvation.

Pyrrho:  Prophets formulate their own rules to assure salvation, knowing people learn to live by doctrines and dogmas for their existence, but this prepares for development of different prescriptions essential for salvation, leaving humans confused on what their God requires for returning to Him. 

Minerva:  Prophets coming with God’s message never proclaim it judges Creation but brings a promise of salvation, never condemning anything He created good, while testifying to His Creation’s goodness, beauty and depth of love. With faith in Him prophets promise believers will not be judged. Faithless people are already judged; their free will imprisons them in joyless darkness.

Muggins:  With everyone claimed to be born in sin, even the faithful will be judged, so stated in scripture’s written words.

Pyrrho:  Can humans trust God to be perfect, creating everything good when He punishes them for allowing diversity to thrive, for destroying ones refusing to worship Him because He is jealous, never wanting anyone to be greater. If He creates some with no permanent worth, is He a model for our behavior, leaving us with no gold standard for morality? What should I expect with salvation, spending eternity with a flawed Creator, watching us so He can judge us for all we do?

Muggins:  Diversity sowing seeds of conflict is incompatible with goodness encircling and maintaining peace. How would heaven handle diversity?

Pyrrho:  Heaven would have to post signs saying no diversity is allowed, as souls are transformed into puppets, dancing eternally in unison to its laws. Is this what people are saved for?

Azusa:  God endows us with free will, telling us to work out our salvation, but His Words are easier said than done. This work cannot be in vain.

Muggins: We work out our salvation to become puppets?

Pyrrho:  Urging us to work out our salvation comes from prophets who are self-acclaimed gods as well as from disciples of prophets sent by God. Does God’s message tell people to work out their salvation, making it more important than living out His message extolling creation’s goodness, beauty and love? Does He acknowledge humans know how to work out their salvation, deciding by reason how it must be done? 

Minerva:  Humans struggle with your question, hearing scribes tell of its importance, but never knowing how it should be done, people depend on their reason, hoping for ways to exorcise the haunting anxiety it demands.

Pyrrho:  Prophetic theologians may promise Creation will never be destroyed but restored to something better and return humans back to their beginning, bringing them back for renewal by a frustrated God, redoing humans who never accepted His commands to live by. After never earning salvation, could this be a form of purgatory giving humans another chance to live, His way rather than by dogmas meddling with His messages permitting people to live by their way?

Muggins:  Do you wonder, is the kingdom of your God coming soon or is it already here. If He created everything good and filled with beauty how can His kingdom not already be here?

Pyrrho:  It can’t be here with Him in charge, knowing He put Humans in charge as stewards to care for our home; it can never be any kingdom He could bless as His.

Schaman:  Where is the kingdom of God if not here, believing we exist in some flawed and imperfect setting that contradicts His pronouncement? Creation is claimed to be good, making us question if goodness requires improvement, assuming it lacks perfection, a faultlessness human judgment seeks.

Able:   Destroying Creation’s flaws, remnants of darkness, allows light to shine and is essential for manifesting the goodness it bears.

Muggins:  Darkness is no remnant, but is contributed by human reason, growing uncontrolled to initiate an Armageddon. 

Azusa:  May all people become my followers and be acquainted with my religion, magnifying my God with praise and praying to Him with a clear conscience. Whoever accepts our way to worship Him, studying and meditating on it without ceasing, God will reward with a place in another world and bless with serenity of peace in this place. When you cease to reason, darkness can be swept away by joy that comes only from the Lord.

Muggins:  That is what they all say, everyone proclaiming my beliefs are as good as yours.

Pyrrho:  Why not. Humans believe everything imaginable is possible. Should some become sacred and perpetuated? Icons of religions they convert to develop new ones carry their old beliefs and dogmas with them, synchronizing ones they can’t bear to abandon with new ones they reason to adopt. Many prophets ordained by God to spread His message study existing religions instead, taking from each thought they find appropriate and incorporate them into development of new religions. 

Able:  Beware. Creating religious sects as you describe is most dangerous, practicing unacceptable rituals, developing heretical dogmas, ridiculing orthodox truths, becoming enemies of the establishment, being a greater threat than pagans living among them who are little threat to others. 

Pyrrho:  What are dogmas added to glorify reflections, being only illusions to fulfill human’s oldest persisting desires, lacking reason’s understanding, remainders of modified God's messages, changed by prophet’s scribes wandering from their mission? Do people need dogmas to live by?

Able:  If a prophet comes as the fulfillment of God's love, the emblem of His goodness and beauty, how could any be a genuine emissary if burdened with dogmas and doctrines? They stifle one’s prayers, directing them by human reason instead of by God's will for our being.

Muggins:  That makes transcendental messages from Him suspect unless they agree with orthodoxy’s beliefs. Ignore them as myths; discard them as heretical. Concerned over anyone’s words becoming truths for people to follow, people react to unwanted messages by killing the messenger and dissidents continue to kill prophets bearing a God's truths as well as theological verities developed by scholars which conflict with orthodoxy’s creeds.

Minerva:  Scanning religious practices, prophets’ disciples select writings, wisdoms, apocalypses, parables and psalms of earlier worshippers to establish doctrines and dogmas for developing new truths, claiming them to be revealed by God. Scholars skillfully craft religions using beliefs people trust, incorporating prevailing practices with newly introduced doctrines sustainable by reason, trusted by cognitive knowledge, but never supported by intuitive knowledge which lacks any acceptable means to convince others of God’s wisdom. 

Pyrrho:  Without such syncretism new religions cannot form, unable to be created by dismissing doctrines people refuse to abandon, compelling innovators to preserve dogmas judged to be reasonable and worthy, creeds skillfully crafted by cognitive knowledge. Unfortunately, sectarian discord magnifies the number of doctrines a religion develops, confusing many and discouraging them to become followers, giving new religions justification to discard orthodoxy’s unacceptable edicts. 

Schaman:  You justify the need for philosophers of religion to reconcile legalism of cognitive knowledge with mystical discipline to reduce discord among their followers, to syncretize religious tenets by acceptable compromise, and that will continue and never change until people understand and accept their God’s only essential requirement, the recognition of His Creation’s goodness and the beauty of His truth. 

Minerva:  Religion must treasure God's truth above all, the purity of His goodness' beauty and life, and never any dogmas introduced by human intellectuals.

Muggins:  If we had no philosophers there would be no proof of God, acknowledging they are needed to prove God’s existence from the very meaning of the idea of God, calling it the ontological argument. 

Pyrrho:  We might ask which came first, theology or philosophy, realizing they appeared together, born as twins which have been battling each other since.

Minerva:  Theology and philosophy are dependent on each other, thriving in an intimate relationship, provoking one another to rethink their assumptions, nourishing each to grow and conceptualize clarification of people’s intuitions to experience God in their lives, to hear and understand His Words in prophet’s messages. Besides the innate knowledge of God inherent in our makeup, He gives us reason and free will to develop tactics for surviving in the world’s conditions, leading us to develop philosophy which is used inadvertently to describe our unknowable Creator. 

Azusa:  Theologians begin with the best they have, prophet’s messages from God, revelations trusted to be His, assistance by grace He blesses them with, and proceed to clarify their conceptions of Him by philosophical means, using rational arguments and conceptual analyses. 

Able:  Our innate supernatural gift of faith attempts to understand itself in theology, using philosophical reason as its means, the natural gift God has given us. Theology is not opposed to philosophy but believes the two must cooperate to achieve anything we choose.

Pyrrho:  Religion and theology must answer for themselves before the Court of Final Appeals, for judgement by the Principle of Sufficient Reason, to verify claims for possession of sufficient reason for being. Can humans trust there is sufficient reason for God’s being, that He is nothing unless He has a sufficient reason for being, with reason judging His reality for Him to pass its tests?

Azusa:  We should trust knowledge of the heart, revealed by intuitions certainly sent by God, transcendent knowledge reinforcing the goodness and beauty He creates all with, never being some myth satisfying our worldly desires and wants. Depending on human reason, listening to our mind’s arguments, we cannot acquire genuine knowledge of God and must depend on intuition to comprehend His messages. 

Schaman:  Trust in practicing science to understand claims for divine things; believe in reason and rely on human intellect rather than messages from God to discount His truths rather than human-made verities.

Pyrrho:  Theology should surrender, reject its eternal truths, its acknowledgement of the Word of God, its trust in His grace, and allow paganism to reclaim its verities.

Muggins:  The world is the sphere of things that encounter demands of reason to pass muster under intellectual inspection by people who present papers permitting them to cross the border from fiction to reality.

Pyrrho:  Doubt everything, believe nothing until proven, never with despair, patiently wait to discover what is certain for building all convictions on firm foundations called for by philosophers.

Able:  Philosophers claim reason is necessary and unconditional, and if God shares in that glory, it will be because He establishes the principles and standards reason requires.

Azusa:  How does anyone judge God? Evaluating Him by human reason? He creates everyone according to His standards, reasoning ways we never understand. But you believe in judging Him by criteria determined by humans. God is first, last and always, setting all standards, never measured by any human gold standards.

Able:  Theologians judge God by human standards, thinking their wisdom is enough, and people accept what they say, trusting their opinions are true.

Azusa:  All we trust for God is that He is truth compiled in Creation’s goodness, beauty and love.

Muggins:  Humans no longer need any God’s messages nor philosophy to speculate on what is truth, celebrating their minds to embrace scientific revelations, trusting all genuine knowledge comes from human achievements, revealing useful information instead of opinions to establish reliable truths.

Minerva:  Discoveries from scientific endeavors help humans improve their lives but they can never reveal who or what God is, leaving them with unknown mysteries but with substantial eternal truths commanding how they must exist. 

Muggins:  Never needing prayers to care for ourselves, rejecting outside interventions by any God, calling on our ability to reason, trusting philosophy to make life meaningful (although admitting its failures), we pursue science’s potential to satisfy our wants and desires.

Minerva:  God’s message instructs prophets to use reason and virtue in proclaiming His Words, doing nothing to distract from His message of Creation’s goodness filling all He does with beauty and love. Prophets have differences, choosing to reason in their own ways, following virtues they judge to most important, commonly held because they are based on human knowledge.

Azusa:  We must trust the Holy Spirit's messages on hearing them over and over, and never accept truths humans develop from scientific or philosophical conclusions, knowing they will all vanish, lasting but moments after they appear.

Minerva:  Human achievements in science don’t recognize goodness for Creation’s beauty and love instilled by God. Mayhem rules the world by instinct’s remnants protected by intellectual pride in philosophy and science. 

Able:  How then does religion fit in when philosophy no longer provides truths, and scientific facts become obsolete so rapidly they never grow roots but to nourish human disappointment. Look within oneself to recognize the conscience God places there, awakening our soul to hear His message, and even if one refuses to hear His voice speaking through a prophet, He leaves a recording to direct each one’s conscience. 

Schaman:  Religion moves in with its offspring—its sacraments, dogmas, liturgies, hymns and candles, miracles, and sacred stories. Bearing superstitions, religion must be supervised by reason and kept within limits, acknowledging that religion’s rational content determines ethics. Reason serves its purpose when supervising religion.

Muggins:  Religion’s rituals and beliefs dismiss people’s rational conduct of life, substituting magical incantations to deal with reality, communing with spirits that no one can see, and ultimately a religion’s followers succumb to divisive, destructive and violent conflicts with others having different dogmatic beliefs and guiding spirits. Even if their believers adhere to purely rational concepts, calling them ethics, religions seldom achieve consensus with others.

Schaman:  Theology and religious faith are on the run, fading away among scholarly intellectuals, thoroughly routed by reason’s autonomy, and philosophy reacts by ceding more credibility to the natural sciences, and looking around for something to call its own it develops a philosophy of science.

Minerva:  Autonomy is the greatest obstacle preventing people’s submission and acceptance of God, believing they no longer need Him. 

Muggins:  Philosophy is intellectuals’ way to intrude on making things their way, calling their ideas theological philosophy, scientific philosophy, philosophy of music or whatever to enlighten their thoughts, making them acceptable and noteworthy.

Azusa:  Continuing enlightenment is needed, essential to reconcile competing claims of faith and reason. Religious people claim their faith is most precious, and well they should, but everything depends upon understanding their faith within, thinking it through and reasoning it out, in dialogue with others and with everything else that God gives humans. Philosophy has been the handmaiden for theology and proceeding further without philosophy puts it at great risk for survival.

Able:  If God gives us revelations in the widest sense, not just any book of revelation, but visible things of this world, hints of God’s invisible plans, why should we permit philosophers to interfere? 

Minerva:  We make no progress with God when philosophers criticize the world He made, declared by Him to be good five times and summed up a sixth time by pronouncing it very good. God gives us faculties to know the world. Being critical is humans’ way, never God’s. 

Able:  God’s revelations most ample and generous, includes everything that comes to us by faith and reason, possibly rendered comprehensible by theology and philosophy, sacred science and secular science. In the widest and most generous sense of enlightenment are many lights, with lights of reason and faith leading the way. God blesses them both to further our understanding.

Minerva:  Enlightenment enables equal rights and opportunities for everyone, justifying one’s opinions as good as another’s, respecting people’s different views to exercise whatever they develop by reason and free will, damaging interactions with the Creator by silencing anything their conscience might have to say, creating imperialism for them to govern, as they become a kingdom to themselves, having pure reason and free will to authorize their enlightenment. 

Pyrrho:  We can praise enlightenment for changing human lives, for creating theology and authorizing philosophy to be the most favorable determinant of cultural or spiritual life in which the absolute comes back to itself in self-knowledge. Theology develops under philosophy’s influence on prevailing cultures, giving revelations words to speak, words of the world while appropriately ignoring those of any God.

Muggins:  Today’s culture teaches me words as keys to open locks for unleashing my wants and desires, knowing any God’s messages contain no such words.

Minerva:  You seek happiness as your goal, never lasting joy where nothing else is permanent as time changes everything, making happiness an illusion, appearing as a bird in hand, only to escape and fly away or disappear with life’s ending. Wants and desires craving worldly things sustains your goal of seeking happiness, yearnings for what changes and vanishes into nothingness.

Muggins:  Joy is people’s illusion, never filling their bucket of dreams with pleasures and happiness guaranteed by fulfillment of wants and desires, 

Able:  Can pleasure ever not be the way to pain and change it to joy instead?

Minerva:  Indulgence of one's passions brings no pleasure of lasting duration, never impressing good sentiment on one’s heart, never being a way to joy, being the bee producing honey that also has a sting. Such is the world composed of ungovernable lust, avarice and passions.

Pyrrho:  Prophets claim God’s message tells humans to procreate and fill His Creation by faithfully following their instincts to reproduce, but others call sexual activity sinful lust propagating human existence and straining His Creation’s potential to supply human needs, jeopardizing survival for the crown of His Creation, beings said to be made in His image. Rather than quelling their lust, people hide fruits of their passions by destroying its products, killing life before it can be known, justifying it as a sting without pain, forgetting it without remorse.

Able:  Prophets must tell us pleasure is always associated with pain; pain’s distress being contained within pleasure. Some urge humans to limit pleasure’s pain and better to avoid it completely, to remember how free will contributed to their fall. 

Schaman:  Prophets realize humans possess an insatiable quest for pleasure, driving them to chase all opportunities hoped to satisfy this need, but they consistently offer only pain, trapping seekers in a vicious circle, hiding its irrational temptation, ignoring the fact every pleasure is followed by pain. Addiction to pleasures is compounded by a need for mind-altering substances, anticipating their need to settle the eventual pain that follows. 

Azusa:  We must care more for our soul and less for our body’s contemplation of pleasures the flesh entertains. The pains and aches of the body are easily ministered to but who does your kind seek to tend sufferings of the soul?

Muggins:  My soul never suffers as wants and desires enrich me with pleasure.

Minerva:  Your soul is a vault, decorated for depositing the image of God, a temple to welcome the Holy Spirit. Never leave it empty. With it neglected you can never claim His image.  

Azusa:  The Kingdom of God can’t be within me, secured in my soul, filling its temple prepared for the Holy Spirit, without receiving and believing His message of Creation’s goodness brimming with beauty and love, and cleansed of scribe’s unauthorized distractions by doctrines and dogmas.

Muggins:  Do I need a temple for an imaginary soul, created to be a sanctuary for some Holy Spirit, proposed by believers to dwell in a construction built for a ghost, proclaiming their soul is its only home. Prophets thinking their Holy Spirit needs a home, build temples of sticks and stones, forgetting their God tells them He creates the world to be everyone’s home, to live in the beauty of its wilderness.

Able:  The world is God’s temple and He never orders humans to create an unneeded home, telling us only to protect and preserve all Creation, especially our soul’s sanctuary He blesses us with, the place for us to interact with Him.

Minerva:  God, creating the entire cosmos for our dwelling place, assures each component interacts with all others, guaranteeing no one is an island standing alone and interacting with nothing, including the Creator-God calling all into existence by His Word, and His Word never leaves Creation, remaining to interact with anyone willing to hear His message. 

Able:  We rejoice in wisdom telling us: Binding all together with Himself, all things are in God and God is in all things, giving Him no separate existence or transcendent reality apart from Creation. 

Azusa:  We depend on Him for everything proclaiming: O the depth of the riches and wisdom and knowledge of God! How unsearchable are His judgments and inscrutable His ways.

Schaman:  Being bound with God to follow His ways makes us puppets doing His Will, forcing this fantasy to prevail over people’s subjective conclusions, never being objective as modernity trusts reason to decisively settle human thoughts.

Minerva:  Life determined only by instincts makes us God’s puppets. Free will and reason frees us from that control and God creates humans with a way to interact with Him, blessing us with an inherent mysterious spirit within our soul. Self-satisfied reliance on human wisdom drives people to deny one's soul and its creation by God for interactions with Him, leaving us to never believe in Creation’s goodness and trusting we can resolve encountered earthly problems by ourselves.

Schaman:  If God’s goodness instructs humans on acceptable behavior, telling us to call on instincts He provides, on messages He sends to our souls and on intuitions we can trust, instructing all of us how to think and act so we don’t err with evil, He leaves us confused. Prophets He sends fail when humans realize His messages conflict with our free will, condemning us to live with sinful thoughts and deeds.

Muggins:  Acknowledge any God’s creation of everything is futile, realizing everything soon crumbles away, vanishing and replaced by new versions of nothingness, fated also for human’s temple of their soul, home for their Holy Spirit.

Azusa:  Prophets tell us God creates all and nothing in Creation’s goodness can be destroyed, however its pieces may change, including human beings whose bodies death transforms while saving their souls to last forever. 

Pyrrho:  If what remains for eternity is nothing but one’s soul, given up from its body at death, never decaying with its flesh and bones, surviving for judgment and restoration, being the vehicle for salvation, the reservoir for life’s worthy thoughts and activities, eternally maintained as God’s goodness He never destroys, having done the best it could in its home of flesh, how does God punish wicked and empty surviving souls?

Muggins:  Is Creation’s goodness scripted for punishment?

Azusa:  Souls of the pure secure everlasting immortality. The fate of wicked ones is eternal punishment. Righteous souls on leaving the body pass over the bridge to heaven in four days, admitting them to its paradise full of glory. Ones shaming His holy words are prohibited from entering, denying their bodies restoration with the desecrated temple of their souls. 

Minerva:  People must prepare for entering heaven by packing their souls with a life of righteousness they need to exist in its peace.

Muggins:  Peace is a state of mind and is never possible with loss of its human matter at death. Seeking peace of mind is impossible for individuals believing in reduction to nothingness, trusting it ends suffering by extinguishing the soul's flame to terminate all. 

Minerva:  Nothingness is impossible, for God never intends to quench the flame and put His Words to meaningless articulations. Fiery energy, the essence of Creation, is ignited by the Word of God, moving everything into existence. Skeptics may proclaim one's flame must be extinguished, blown out to escape Creation’s suffering, assuring one never returns and is delivered into nothingness. But people have souls that are never reduced to nothing and are essential for being good, desirable and liberated from despondency. 

Azusa:  Intellectuals leading people astray bodes calamity, and perpetrators threaten innocent souls with alienation from God, banishment from His light, abandonment in darkness to suffer great hardship. Intellectuals discrediting God’s message force Him to send more prophets, hoping to convince humans to honor Him instead of any self-promoting scholarly individuals. 

Pause two
Return to contents

Pyrrho:  Humans adopt the powers of water to clean their souls, using what is readily available to purify them of inborn sin, and this requires nothing more, no beliefs or incantations to unseen gods or an imagined only God.

Muggins:  Ones asking and never knowing where truth can be found, wash their hands with hopeless fantasy of removing sins, and clean their bodies on death before their stains are recognized by God as putrid odor. If we are born in sin, we eventually appear emanating the stench of death, bearing our iniquities into nothingness.

Able:  People can purify themselves with water, cleansing their souls in rituals, testifying to their belief and trust in God, awakening their slumbering souls to hear His messages: Good mind and purpose, truth and righteousness, holy devotion, serenity and loving kindness, power and just rule, wholeness and health with long life and immortality.

Azusa:  Religions trust the coherence of beliefs with previously held convictions, purification of people with water to confirm preparations for joining God, initiating activities inherent in their makeup, innate in their soul. 

Pyrrho:  How does the soul remain as persistent energy, never disappearing, transforming throughout infinity, changing only its garment or appearance and possess the ability to join God, calling it salvation? What is proven to occupy humans’ material body that could unite with God? Nothing. 

Muggins:  If a God or some supreme force creates humans merely as a lump of flesh, enabling them to multiply and exist as any other heap of flesh, they would possess no such thing as a spirit or soul. Without God what else is there for a mound of flesh to love but itself and to develop wants and desires for satisfying needs of its body. 

Azusa:  Human souls are vaults created by God as temples for His residence, a place to welcome Him as the Holy Spirit. It remains empty until a person calls on Him, inviting Him to fill it with His presence.

Muggins:  I survive without any soul, and if you insist on me having a soul, I do well with it unfilled.  

Minerva:  God prepares humans for healing, attending to both their souls and bodies, creating innate mechanisms for recovery, but we cannot activate them without trust in Him, having an empty soul where only belief in oneself is the means for restoration. 

Azusa:  Prophets show we have healing powers, innate capacities placed in us by God, and trust in Him activates healing to dispel sufferings manifested as disappointments. 

Minerva:  All sufferings are disappointments, including displeasures afflicting the flesh. 

Pyrrho:  Some prophets exceeding their commissioned authority claim to inflict disobedient people with suffering diseases and heal them if they repent. Does God authorize anyone to determine punishments, inflict humans with suffering, and relent on hearing people’s repentance? 

Muggins:  Humans target me with so many suffering disappointments, any God would be wasting His efforts by afflicting me with more.

Azusa:  God ordains prophets from birth, filling their souls with the Holy Spirit, preparing them with humility, sending them into the wilderness of ignorance where people seek them to hear God’s message, because understanding His Words ring with little of His Truth in sanctuaries of stone. 

Pyrrho:  You didn’t answer my question, repeating your mantra, driving my patience to hear a reasonable response.

Muggins:  What became of earlier prophets, coming to deny everything, discarding their clothes and wandering about naked, begging for food or living on locusts and honey, trusting their God provides all human needs so they needn’t sow or harvest, claiming souls and needing no others, being all things to themselves and regarded as demon-possessed candidates for exorcism? How could your God’s message be mutilated for such belief, preparing people to reject His Creation and the blessings of its goodness? Did these ones denying everything invite their God’s Holy Spirit into their souls?

Azusa:  God’s revelations maybe drove them to extremes, never considering intuition to comprehend His message. Is there a difference between intuition and revelation with both appearing silently? Did not primordial humans experience intuitive perceptions, relying on illuminations of insight, natural light of the human spirit, the highest faculty of the soul for apprehending God’s truth, activated by Him when He breathed spirit into a beast to create humans?

Schaman:  To comprehend your God’s message, it must be heard and understood. Is your soul the resource sustaining these activities, coming by mysterious nonlocal ways such as proposed by physicists? 

Azusa:  In the spirit world awaiting resurrection, God chooses ways to work with souls coming from a history of unbelief and scientific theories, counseling them to be purified, purged of all evil thoughts, words and deeds. You may have that chance so purity for the virtueless can sprout, blossom and magnify treasures God can commit to their souls and ensure His promises waiting for them in heaven. 

Pyrrho:  Prophets never get their act together and agree on how one gets to a hoped-for heaven.

Muggins:  Prophets declare everyone will be judged upon their death, with some faithful to a God's directions being met by a beautiful maiden who represents their good deeds after having conscientiously fulfilled His prophets’ doctrines and dogmas, and on resurrection from death she escorts them into heaven. Humans having led an evil life by disobeying established doctrines and dogmas will be sent to a precipice from which they will be cast into hell. 

Pyrrho:  Suffering is hell, retention of all earthly disappointments, condemnation to continue mortal humans’ lonely existence, estranged from interaction with others, incomparable isolation, being only with oneself, companion to all that one has been.

Muggins:  Isolation deprives humans of other’s wisdom, forcing them to develop their own truths, defining themselves to create their own verities.

Schaman:  Isolation deprives humans of interactions with all Creation, suffering their greatest disappointment, most destructive of their soul, persisting beyond the death of flesh. What truths can souls in isolation develop? 

Minerva:  Nothing comes in isolation but from God, nothing can interfere with humans’ hearing God's message, and nothing allows anyone to escape with spiritual poverty. 

Muggins:  I trust in nothingness, hoping it to be my salvation, fearing my passing would be into something unwanted.

Pyrrho:  Some preach humans bear spiritual poverty with childlike flaws, being imperfect and incomplete, created so by God, but is that in His image and how could anyone expect to mature and conform, to acquire the beauty, love and goodness necessary for satisfying His image? Who would expect God to create people with a defective spirit, leaving them imperfect and incomplete, trusting their failings would not be so great, never bereft of reason to overcome their spiritual deficiencies? For humans to become complete, after being born in sin, they must confront God and ask Him why He never finished work on them before sending them to live on earth.

Minerva:  Human prayers calling on God to intercede never cause Him to cease Creation’s groaning and temper its goodness, changing it to people’s liking.

Pyrrho:  We must depend on human reason for modifying any perceptions of goodness to our liking.

Able:  God never needs to judge Creation’s goodness and beauty, and doesn’t judge humans ignoring His prophets’ message. Intellectuals seize the prerogative to judge humans, demanding obedience to scribes’ decrees created to conform with human reason.

Minerva:  Beauty changes from one form to another, leaving its beholders confused, their perceptions of its manifestations no more than illusions, disabling reason’s judgement for determinations of its goodness. Creation’s goodness never changes, and God’s love is everlasting. He watches over us as we try to understand why our ephemeral convictions of truth and beauty never last.

Able:  How can a soul comprehend beauty, especially of a maiden requiring contemplation of a vision of changing live flesh and blood? I trust God to meet and welcome me into heaven, to reward me for being a good and faithful servant, and if a beautiful maiden welcomes me anywhere it cannot be to enter heaven.

Pyrrho:   If beauty is only skin-deep, attracting people differently, we should advise God in advance of our preferences, putting in an order to present one to meet our satisfaction.

Minerva:  Creation’s goodness assures beauty throughout its depths, guaranteeing holiness of everything coming from His Word, for what place has God not made holy but His entire Creation, never accepting holiness for any place humans establish a sanctuary, giving religion a place for pilgrimage and worship. Visitation for worship requires no place decorated and adorned with idols, needing only peace and serenity where meditation with God is never distracted by human thoughts. 

Muggins:  As a creature of this world, trusting in your knowledge’s reliability to advise others, convincing them to adopt your wisdom, does your truth never change, making it unique, differing from all others, never disappearing with time, lasting as wisdom better than the rest?

Pyrrho:  Good question. Truth changes, churning orthodox dogmas through a revolving door of beliefs, transforming sacred doctrines into heresies, spawning unlimited decrees. Orthodoxy evolves to sanctify its doctrines and dogmas and reject all others as myths, dismissing transcendent information from God so it will be lost from human beliefs. Humans want truths to change, giving them freedom to develop new ones conforming with their changing sense of reality.

Able:  Mystics reveal new truths, unveiling them as God’s hidden knowledge concealed in mystery’s darkness, never being brought to light, appearing in selected people’s revelations, but orthodoxy rejects them as heretical, conflicting with established beliefs.

Muggins:  Must there be hidden knowledge kept secret by any God? Little remains concealed when we look to religious doctrines and dogmas for revelations of hidden knowledge. If He chooses to reveal only some, why do people pray to know His will, thinking He will offer more information to guide them?

Minerva:  God’s truth never hides in darkness, being always in light, being light itself, being brought for all to know. God never keeps hidden secrets, protected in caves of darkness, caverns of evil that fears the light of His truth. God tempts us with no hidden knowledge when He proclaims Creation is good and very good, filled with beauty and His love.

Pyrrho:  Nothing is concealed when people expect their imaginations and intuitions to create answers for everything, making believe these develop from interactions with God.

Azusa:  Humans modify God's messages sent for people to live by, generating changes by intuitions and imaginations, exploring their thoughts to generate philosophical understandings, identifying acceptable ones to become doctrines and dogmas and rejecting unsuitable ones as heresies. God never sends His messages to be understood as creeds open to manipulation by human reason. 

Able:  Hearing prophets deliver God’s Words, people mutter incantations to honor Him, but with their hearts far away they worship Him in vain, listening to doctrinal dictates from ones blind to His truth, disciples defiling others with creeds they develop, penned by scribes recruited to develop doctrines supporting biases to protect their beliefs. 

Muggins:  Prophets are ignored and forgotten by humans trusting cultural laws as more authoritative than their God’s instructive messages, providing flexibility by changes during passages through tongues of sages, each one transmitting tales altered with their enhancements. Who knows where a tale began after being twice-told? 

Able:  Prophetic writings are read where they began, unaltered except when tinkered by some scribe. 

Minerva:  God creates some with greater intelligence, but seldom chooses them to convey His messages because they exercise their own insights and intuitions, depending on imaginations never received from God to alter His messages, changing His Words to minimize their authority, but this fails to awaken our spirit and never calls us to respond, to heed unauthorized words penning dogmatic doctrinal laws. 

Muggins:  Thereby, scribes become lawyers, developing doctrines and dogmas, simulating mold feasting on the bread of life, bodies of sustenance eaten in remembrance by partakers filled with God’s spirit.

Pyrrho:  Scribes and disciples are problematic, causing more difficulties than blessings.

Minerva:  Even with God sending prophets one after another with His same message of Creation’s goodness and beauty laced with love, their disciples and scribes find ways to develop sects for ministering to people’s wants and desires, creating divisions between their follower’s groups so none remain self-sustaining, and they pass away. Each one’s new thoughts are incriminated as heretical and battled with for extermination, making it harder for a universal belief in who God is and more difficult to accept His message. 

Muggins:  Prophets continue coming to confront people with trusted doctrines and dogmas that compel extermination of anyone with heretical ideas conflicting with orthodoxy. 

Able:  Your words admit that prophets keep coming but never give God credit for their messages.

Schaman:  Giving the human intellect ability to continuously propose new truths, replacing ones imbedded in stone to advance scientific discoveries, differs little from developing theologies with new dogmas for replacing and discarding long-time verities. Human reason ignores hearings from God, messages sent for all to hear, spoken without manipulation by anyone’s intellect. 

Azusa:  Orthodoxy can silence prophets bearing God’s messages, calling them heretical, based on humans activating innate means to know Him, branding His messengers mystics, listening to their own voices, proclaiming intuitions and imaginations to interact with Him, and to never rely on their reason and intellect for developing faith in God. Orthodoxy’s creeds are threatened by wandering minds of mystics promoting heretical ideas. 

Minerva:  Prophets are not mystics; bringing God’s messages is not mysticism, but prophets’ disciples trusting God’s messages often add mystery to His Words proclaiming goodness of Creation’s beauty and love. God ordains prophets who are humble and lowly, unsophisticated and uncommon, viewed as deviates battling orthodox religious leaders, ridiculed as pagan worshippers with demons directing their actions, but their words remain unnoticed from ones wise and discerning, knowing they can make belief more trusted than anyone altering the essence of God’s messages. 

Muggins:  We are created with rights enabling our free will to develop and modify ways for determining our lives. We claim this freedom is inalienable and indisputable, allowing no challenge by any religious doctrine developed from messages written by any unknown and unproven God.

Minerva:  Human beliefs about God develop from a myriad of philosophical commitments empowered by people’s intellect to understand all Creation and reveal its underlying truths, depending on human reason rather than His revelations to develop their theology. Look at people who need no philosophical musings to know who God is, developing no complicated doctrines and dogmas to explain His Being, and regarded as pagans since they never accept any prevailing orthodoxy. 

Azusa:  God creates humans with innate certainty that He exists and our reason can argue nothing to disprove His being, but He offers no inherent way that we can know who He is and humans will never stop entertaining ideas of what He is by developing doctrines and dogmas to explain His being. Prophets listen to philosophers or turn to current cultural ideas for understanding what God is and then they forget why God chose them to bear His messages. 

Able:  God must continue to enlist prophets, sending them to establish His way, seeing people create doctrines as rules to satisfy living their way, thinking they represent standards to follow His will.

Azusa:  See how I am rejected as many coming before me, ignored by my own kind, harassed by others dismissing my will as nothing, asking how anything good can come from it. When I encounter priestly ones and challenge them with truths questioning their doctrines which they cannot answer, their defense is to destroy me and eliminate all my belief I entrust to others, disciples who choose to follow my teachings.

Able:  Prophets continue to come, sent by God with His message, but humans sanctify many as priests and scribes to establish and protect doctrines and dogmas from others who they convict of heresy and pagan beliefs. 

Pyrrho:  Prophets’ convictions and practices are used to establish social codes, inventing ways as needed to create doctrines and dogmas and solidify them as sanctified laws, enabling legalism to deny practices of mysticism based on contemplation of hidden intuitive thoughts, surrendering to nothing but cognitive knowledge of orthodoxy. 

Minerva:  Entrenched religious leaders acting to protect their domains against the continuum of prophets coming with God’s messages invariably accuse them of blasphemy, especially ones claiming to be long-awaited saviors threatening existence of secular and spiritual authorities with obsolescence, making such prophets apostate criminals liable to be killed. When heretics outnumber orthodox establishments, their leaders must be destroyed but their remaining followers usually have ones waiting to become new overseers. Orthodoxy has little trouble finding enemies, readily identifying many among themselves, fighting each other over doctrines and dogmas, destroying ones accused of blasphemy. 

Azusa:  Belief in progressive revelation is the foundation for developing new doctrines and dogmas, but this must never ignore God’s mandate to maintain goodness for His Creation and never dismiss its beauty, everything essential for acknowledging His love for all. The millions of written verses of revelations usually become doctrines and dogmas that overlook His mandate and forces Him to trust new prophets for conveying His message. 

Pyrrho:  Candidates vying to succeed a messiah promise more than others, proposing new ideas to satisfy the masses, dogmas trusted to guarantee ritual purity and progressive revelations for replacing outdated scriptures once written as words coming directly from God. 

Able:  Why do we need letters to spell out any tradition or law and look to prophets for their provision? Prophets are sent to remind us of God’s Spirit, intentionally placed within us at creation, coming as His message to acknowledge Creation’s virtues, brimming with beauty of His goodness manifesting love for all, sent to admonish us for executing traditions established by letters of law, sealed and secured by doctrines and dogmas, but open to distortion by free will’s reasoning. 

Azusa:  Laws underwritten by doctrines and dogmas stifle imaginations, preventing blossoming of beauty and love, ignoring Creation’s goodness God claims for all He makes, forbidding humans to fancy a better world and life. 

Minerva:  Who is so dense to need doctrines and dogmas, hearing parables that call on one’s spirit to respond, never acknowledging what is inherent, silently waiting to speak truths God creates within us? 

Muggins:  Prophets come to tell you God’s truth can set you free, but people modify His truths by revamping them into doctrines and dogmas, making them edicts for believing their truths, if any, and are restrictive in never allowing anyone freedom, proclaiming disbelief a sin for ones protecting their individuality to believe differently. 

Pyrrho:  Believers can create moral laws forcing others to shun members of their faith who disobey its doctrines, dogmatic edicts that defy God’s command to love one another, ignoring any grace imputed by Him at creation, resisting acknowledgement of His acts of goodness and beauty, trusting their own truths for actions to dismiss any recognition for His children. What is shunning but retribution for disobeying human-made morality.

Able:  Knowing God’s will is salvation for all, He shuns no one, creating all for return to Him. How does He regard humans who establish rules and shun anyone who disobeys them, denying them salvation promised by God?

Muggins:  Never question that religion promotes anarchy, battling over doctrines and dogmas, insuring perpetual chaos. Doctrines rule, creating anxieties with one’s every thought, imagining what its errors will do, pondering illusions how one fails, contemplating how one can never fit in with their God’s divine order. 

Schaman:  Developers of religion depend on historical traditions for doctrines and dogmas, maintaining what people believe and trust as truths. In addition, for most reason is not neglected, and people believe prophetic messages from God are understood best by intellectual endeavors, while for others brought up with superstitious indoctrination mysticism remains important for introducing a new religion. 

Pyrrho:  Prophets come as needed to reveal God’s truth, being the essential source for His will to be done, but mystics appear bringing their convictions of religious knowledge, claiming them to be as important as any prophet’s revelations. Mystics contemplating doctrines previously developed by esoteric consciousness transform these dogmas into new beliefs.

Able:  Can a civilization living faithfully on God’s message expect to survive in a world where its borders are threatened by God-less mystics who ignore His messages and live by doctrines and dogmas developed by them to satisfy their worldly desires? 

Pyrrho:  Religion’s proclaimed virtues depend on living by doctrines and dogmas.

Azusa:  If human knowledge with its edicts and virtues inseparable, realizes our enlightenment changes every moment, virtue must change with it, making no virtue resulting from our discernments lasting, and humans must continue listening to God for acquiring His eternal virtues. Never schooling ourselves on His knowledge deprives us of eternal ways to be virtuous, making no edicts lasting.

Schaman:  Scribes write:  Go out now with compassion for the world, for the satisfaction of gods and welfare of humans, preaching the glorious doctrine proclaiming a consummate, perfect and pure life of holiness. But doctrines being human creations are never glorious and are responsible for more suffering than affirmations playing out the content of God’s message. 

Pyrrho:  Are humans really made in God’s image but become distortions of His design? If God has free will and reasons like us, He can’t be unchanging and never doubt, warping His image to ignore dignity, exacting vengeance like us to become worthless, having little value like only another god, terminating life’s existence as unimportant, amusing himself with drama to portray people’s demise.

Muggins:  Being created in His image, people’s God is a hypocrite, proclaiming His Creation is developed with goodness, beauty and love, sending us messages we must become like Him, conflicted with the image He determines for us.

Able:  We admit to all humans being hypocrites, forced by changing time to discard truths and trust in new ones.

Schaman:  With instincts protecting our survival, seeking shelter from dangers, we exercise new responses such as vengeance and are commanded by some to resist it, being a right of God who says vengeance is mine, making it a prerogative of our Creator to smash His masterpiece in a fit of rage. What in His goodness allows this to happen? 

Muggins:  We are true to His image, subject to anger, vengeance and destruction of what we make.

Pyrrho:  Vengeance is a human instinct to counter fear and is impossible as a manifestation of goodness, so how can God’s goodness claim vengeance is mine. Prophets tell humans, God creates no one to live by fear, all are never made to fear, but theological scholars tell everyone we must fear Him, citing numerous terrible consequences if we don't, proclaiming fear of the Lord is the beginning of understanding. If people before this beginning believed and feared many gods, trusting their deities bear human images, with God’s appearance and belief in Him why should humans change and no longer fear any gods or their newly trusted single God?

Muggins:  Many expect their God to send prophets proclaiming death for pagans worshiping gods too numerous to count, and His messengers declare them all heretics whose beliefs must be washed away. He creates humans for this, to instill fear for ones never recognizing Him as the only God.

Able:  Creation developed by many gods, each with an individual and unique purpose, would be obligated to create us with fear for avoiding the consequences of another god’s determination of people’s fate. Humans fear gods in charge of destiny.

Pyrrho:  God declares death for every human, instilling fear for our fate, making everyone suffer for never following His image who creates us. He designs us to doubt and be disappointed, revealing His dissatisfaction by telling us we are born in sin, exposing Him as an imperfect designer and creator. In a new world give a different creator the chance to develop our image.

Muggins:  If we are made in His image, God must doubt like us, fearful of another deity, an associate waiting with different plans for the cosmos, ready to create and rule, leaving humans to wonder if their one and only omnipotent God should enlist help to rule.

Schaman:  God creates us with free will and the ability to reason so we can doubt anything and spend our time on earth developing doctrines and dogmas knowing they will all be doubted. Without free will and reason we would never doubt, relying on instincts to live as robots without fear.

Pyrrho:  If God claims we are never designed to fear, He must create us as robots with instincts to avoid danger.

Schaman:  Other than humankind all creation is robotic, seeing God connects everything for a purpose, designing all to interact in Creation, leaving nothing in His Cosmos to itself other than people with free will and reason to develop a human comedy, providing theatrics to amuse and entertain God with their antics.

Pyrrho:  Prevailing human opinion declares human antics make the world corrupt and we must rejoice in abandoning them with death to maintain goodness for God’s Creation, allowing venial thoughts and deeds to pass away, leaving nothing remaining. Will He create a new Jerusalem?

Minerva:  All the days of holy ones are filled with thoughts, words and deeds of truth, but no one knows how long they will prevail, never knowing if there will be a new Jerusalem.

Able:  Who can qualify, believing no one can be holy, trusting all are born in sin?

Muggins:  Humans determine what is sin. We can change all manifestations of sinfulness in a moment and claim the goodness your God claims for everything in Creation.

Pyrrho:  There are whomsoevers claiming to obey God completely, believing everything created must submit to His commands, but does anyone honor His messages, especially suffering Nones, leaving the rest of believing humankind disappointed with their suffering?

Minerva:  God rules Creation with no ticking clock to determine its destiny, seeking a continuous relationship never measured by time, sending prophets to tell us our faith can heal all suffering by activating the inherent mechanisms He placed within us. We can’t trust anything better and must pray to Him for healing, trusting our faith to quell disappointments arising from our wants and desires by relying on innate restorative powers He creates within us.

Schaman:  What are we to think of a prophet’s words telling us the sky and earth will pass away, but my words will certainly remain? Are these predictions God’s who creates everything with His goodness, only to subsequently destroy all and develop a new creation, faulting the one He placed us in without our consent, creating His first humans with free will to make an innocent choice causing all their descendants to be fallen? 

Minerva:  God sends many prophets, convincing people to recognize Creation’s goodness, but fallen angels interfere, making excuses to hinder their efforts, denying God's goodness in creating humans with free will, giving them freedom to choose whatever is to their liking, to acquire wants that inevitably prove to be ephemeral, destined to be vacated and soon discarded. 

Pyrrho:  A great dualism exists between good and evil, identifying all as part of everything animate and inanimate. Everything humans experience can’t confirm any goodness for Creation.

Muggins:  Now you see what we have free will for, to determine what goodness is, to make judgments on its applications. Why should we leave judgments on goodness to any God?

Schaman:  People need more than God’s message of goodness, beauty and love for Creation, thinking there is hidden perfect knowledge for living well, more for changing our world to a better place, perhaps to make it easier for all to accept, especially now that we learn to employ reason, discovering ways it offers hope for advancing us to perfection. 

Muggins:  Goodness embodies perfection, revealing all that can be known, making it impossible for goodness to hide consummate knowledge for living well, or perhaps goodness is an impossible illusion, never for humans to capture except in their imagination.

Minerva:  Knowledge is never perfect, unable to be a source for lasting truth, changing as it does with time. If people can’t understand God’s messages, prophets and their disciples will resort to other means to compare His intentions with examples people can comprehend. Prophets use parables to explain God’s messages of Creation’s goodness, beauty and love He imbeds in all. Because humans ignore His messages doesn’t mean they are hidden from understanding, kept secret from all but a few, revealed for only believers seeing the light and who understand parables for expression. 

Pyrrho:  You claim goodness appears in forms beyond human understanding and we can’t comprehend their significance without explanation of a prophet’s parables, hidden messages, by divine intervention? I recognize goodness when I see it.

Able:  Truths can be expressed in parables to teach mysteries of God’s kingdom, understandings never enlightened by our common sense, dismissing our conscience as its gatekeeper, never to remain hidden gnostic mysteries revealed to only a few.

Muggins: Your God proclaims Creation’s goodness, concealing it in mysterious parables, leading humans to think He guards all with spirits, making everything sacred and worthy of worship, requiring us to honor Him by believing He is responsible for creating all nature.

Pyrrho:  If God’s message is to accept truth for Creation’s goodness with the beauty of His love for all, why are myriads of religion needed to convey this?

Minerva:  Humans never understand God’s ways mysteriously in conflict with one another, unwilling to acknowledge Him supreme, questioning goodness for all His creative accomplishments imbedded with beauty and love. Denying reverence for His unexplainable supernatural deeds, people rely on their intellect and believe they can do better by developing religions to trust in themselves.

Azusa:  Goodness can’t use barriers of religion to separate its forms but consists of equal partners interacting with one another. Barriers are used to separate and protect forms of evil from goodness.

Pyrrho:  Prophets bring God’s goodness as peace with His message, but humans wanting no order bring division, reasoning it is a feature of God’s design, His goodness promising love is possible with separation to produce uniqueness, to unite all divisiveness with compelling interaction. 

Schaman:  Humans need festivals for experiencing happiness, never realizing they worship gods in all, paying homage to deities blessing their activities and accomplishments with celebrations. How many festivals commemorate God’s goodness imbedding Creation with beauty and love, rather than gods people create for honoring wants and desires?

Azusa:  Festivals are used to celebrate people’s claims on possessions, coveting what they stamp their image on, ignoring convictions that everything belongs to God, believing scriptural dogmas that promise overwhelming abundance for ones faithful to Him, trusted to represent goodness for His Creation. 

Muggins:  Who can be taught to believe in your God’s message of Creation’s goodness coming out of nothingness with His beauty and love? Does it require understanding by innocent children never indoctrinated with cultural traditions? Can one proud, steeped in reason, overcome self-assurance to begin living by His message?

Pyrrho:  Why do people exercise reason’s intellectual powers to explain God’s being when everything must be speculations based on believing He creates us in His image and His strengths must be consistent with ours?

Minerva:  We look to God, believing Him infinite, conscious of all Creation, existing with everlasting bliss, author of goodness for all, our Father from whom we are and known, and to whom we will return.  Humans know that God is beyond comprehension, making their understandings of Him speculations, however, He can be known, intimately encountered, directly and fully experienced greater than any conceptual comprehension.

Able:   The Father is in me if I hear and obey and live by His message.

Pyrrho:  Human quests to know God never ceases despite His ongoing parade of messengers bearing good news that people ignore, and their longing to know about Him remains.

Muggins:  When individuals ignore their God’s messages, prophets will develop new ways to successfully win followers, rather than to convince them of importance for God’s messages; prophets consider all of people’s established beliefs and incorporate those most revered in their messages to attract many more as possible.

Minerva:  God’s messages bear true knowledge, reliable for humans to edify, but prophets and their disciples interpret them with their opinions, modifying His Words to satisfy people’s wants, believing their desires conform with His. 

Pyrrho:  We rely on our senses to authenticate reality, thinking we see, hear and feel everything the same as others, but no one does, so how can we trust our perceptions to articulate objective conclusions of reality while considering everything else unreliable subjective opinions, condemned as imaginative illusions or baseless intuitions. 

Schaman:  Humans pass life through shadows and light, illusions and revelations, uncertain of truths and what to follow, trapped in imaginations and dreams, wandering in deserts with no horizon, blind to the transcendent reality evident in all things, refusing to acknowledge Creation’s goodness with its beauty and love, searching elsewhere for meaning and ending up nowhere, compelled to continue existence in their world, confined to fantasy. 

Minerva:  Prophets bring God’s message to reveal His truth, brilliantly shining into the world, overwhelming people’s ordinary experience to comprehend nature as Creation’s gift, telling everyone to understand God is absolute reality in which everything exists. Seeing God in all things is joy to encounter Him in all reality, embraced in the supernatural. God is present in everything because everything abides in God, and He is known in all human enlightenment because the knowledge of Him makes all human experience possible.

Muggins:  You trust joy to be lasting happiness but if happiness is ephemeral as all reality changes with time, how can joy be any different? People believe in taming their mind to find happiness, trusting its cultivation for bliss to be lasting, but it is always fleeting, defeating success for ones thinking they have conquered themselves.

Minerva:  Joy is never of this world where it must change with time. It can only be known when coming from our changeless God existing in timelessness.

Pyrrho:  Scholarly pundits adamantly pronouncing God never changes are forced to believe He exists outside of time, allowing Him to remain perfect in every way, an unreasonable claim invited by their imagination to create an unfounded illusion.

Muggins:  Does any God never change, believing He exists outside of time, making His goodness never changing, but everything He creates is placed in time and subject to change, so how can anything He creates good remain good while existing in time? Can goodness improve and become better, being relative like everything else?

Minerva:  So, it is with human reason defining what goodness must be.

Pyrrho:  We never realize the goodness He creates if it must change like everything else in time, remaining only as goodness outside of time. Could He be different from the image scholars portray, describing it as a goodness changing with time, trusting we would understand their illusions, writing about Creation’s beauty that time can never leave unchanged, commanding us to love with unchanging passion greater than our instincts to protect and preserve life?

Muggins:  Prophets command us to make offerings to please their God, sacrifices chosen by our determinations of goodness shown in thoughts, actions and speech, but with time pulsating on our choice of goodness can we make pleasing choices?

Able:  God sees and understands all, telling us: I bless all good people who have been, are now, and will be in times to come. He knows the hearts of good people.

Muggins:  Hidden thoughts lurk in human hearts, naively believed to be goodness, hopelessly expecting a better tomorrow, but can such illusions be rejected, expecting nothing better of any kind by ones assured of immanent judgment, hoping for Creation’s destruction to release them from this world so they can be saved and return to rejoin their God in heaven? 

Pyrrho:  Can humans trust God creates everything good, only to watch people accept they are born in sin for which they are destined to die, reasoning whys and ways for Creation’s destruction to alleviate suffering and death, to end all worldly sinful activities which God allows?

Muggins:  Some prophets bringing a message of only one Supreme Being, militantly denying any other God, command destruction of followers of other religions and their beliefs. Is this their sacred way, extermination of all who don’t obey their beliefs, a manifestation of Creation’s goodness?

Able:  God’s Word creates us, and He doesn't destroy anything He produces, waiting for us to overcome our sinful ways so we can reunite with Him. 

Muggins:  We are created sinful to sit upon the world’s scrapheap, discarded with all His defective works crowning Creation’s goodness.

Minerva:  God creates no scrapheaps, discarding nothing after serving its usefulness, as garbage is created only by humans, becoming refuse, trash inevitable from faded wants and desires, filling dumps to be searched by people starving to meet their needs. 

Pyrrho:  All humans starve for something, struggling to meet their needs, unlike mendicants trusting God’s message of goodness, waiting for others to share and provide His promised human needs, ignoring His requirement for all to work, begging others to supply their needs. 

Muggins:  Enslaved to hope promised by unreasonable convictions thought to be true, beggars accept being slaves to nothingness for assuring their needs and wants are met.

Minerva:  Beggars need solitude, finding comfort in loneliness, punishing themselves by refusing interactions with others, dismissing their requirement to fulfill God’s purpose. They fall prey to demons isolating them as prisoners, suffocating all bonding with other humans. 

Pyrrho:  God’s prophets promise salvation for His followers. How do beggars needing solitude, refusing interaction with anyone and ignoring requirements to rejoin their Creator, redeem themselves so they can enter His kingdom of heaven?

Azusa:  God’s prophets come as our redeemers, showing humans the way.

Muggins:  It makes no sense to promise humans redeemers, thinking we need them if their God creates everything good. Redeemers cast out demons who seize control of people and promote their free will to choose evil thoughts and deeds. God must allow some evil in His good Creation. Does He strike a bargain with evil agents for this to happen?

Able:  If forces of good and evil battle for supremacy within us, I don't understand why because God creates us as a part of goodness, trusting our free will to choose His ways of goodness, yet we can will to follow waywardness, dictated by the world to our benefit. Should we deny this world and proclaim convictions for some better one?

Pyrrho:  There must be gods of evil, demonic beings, to blame for our thoughts and actions, reasoning they could never develop with human’s goodness. Perhaps others can’t be blamed if it is part of our nature, determined by our free will, annihilating any hope for believing we live the goodness God claimed for us to follow.

Azusa:  Human immorality depends upon complete renovation of Creation to eliminate evil, trusting God will not destroy His Work but restore its goodness, the goodness He planned for all but corrupted by humans misunderstanding God's activity evolving nature's unfinished plan, creating a home for all His Creation to exist unified in peace. 

Minerva:  God created a pure world through the energy of His Word, telling us everything He created is good. But it's goodness is attacked by evil forces, resulting in disease and death, famine and natural disasters, destruction by wars, or by human’s potentials driven by free will's imaginations, entirely determined by one's choice, but the goodness God made people to be will prevail and dismiss any evil working to control their thoughts, words and deeds.

Azusa:  When the time is right, selected by God to be appropriate, all that is good will battle evil forces, naming the conflict after where it will be fought, and the good will triumph, destroying all evil, after which everyone--the good and ones purified and purged of evil--will achieve immortality and exist forever. 

Minerva:  God sees all is not well with the world, observing human antics marginalize His messages and minimize His orders by creating their own doctrines and dogmas. Prophets never coming with messages of fear realize scribes and priests must develop anxiety in us for our actions and apprehensions to make us sinners. Religious scholars develop laws so human actions are steeped in sin, writing them so all humans believe they are born in sin. Sin did not exist until human intellectual endeavors developed its criteria. God's messages of the beauty of His goodness and love did not order prophets to enlist anger if His Words were ignored, giving scholars reason to rebuke people and castigate them as sinners. He will continue to send prophets until all humans accept and believe He creates all with the beauty of goodness and love, and He must not be held responsible for any evil that scribes attribute to human intentions. 

Azusa:  God trusts His prophets to understand and show all Creation is made with inherent healing mechanisms, powers for recovery, and He never intends humans should believe their failures result from evil forces working to disrupt His plans. He doesn't place us where we can’t survive, protecting us from forces creating the cosmos, never leaving us incompatible to share in His provision of our needs for survival. 

Minerva:  With all prophets instructed to credit God with Creation and speak of its goodness, humans insist on blaming their perceived misfortune on unseen spiritual forces they imagine and call by name, demons and satanic entities. If people with free will to choose, never decide on evil in any form, they have no need to be confronted with an antagonist, and the need for any would disappear. 

Pyrrho:  Some never see God’s goodness in everything and relate it exclusively with an imaginative spirit claiming evil with matter, but if He creates everything good how can any substance for its formation be considered evil?

Azusa:  Purification is essential to erase matter considered evil and even people convinced they are good, although born in sin, cleanse themselves to be saved by washing their iniquities away with water, making them white as snow, clothing them with spirit’s light, protecting them from evil’s darkness.

Minerva:  God’s goodness is preserved to maintain purity, sustained by cleansing of thoughts, words and deeds, none of which can be done by water. 

Muggins:  You invoke an impossibility if all humans are born in sin, created to be sinful.

Pyrrho:  It is only a believer’s death, especially for a prophet, witnessed as a sacrifice, that justifies reason for atonement, purifying a sinner of all wrongs and deeds by others, giving up their lives for a cause. Is this what God wants? It may be the only way He can get humans to listen to His messages. Death purifies everyone, testifying all are born in sin.

Muggins:  Forests experience fiery destruction for new life to sprout and flourish, initiated by nature’s bolts of lightning, demonstrating Creation’s atonement to prepare the way for its renewal, seeding its soil with new growth destined to die.

Minerva:  Although some prophets claim humans can be cleansed by water, others insist we need to be purified with fire, such as for gold and iron, purging our contaminated ore mingled with sinful soil, burning away decaying debris to allow spiritual life’s seeds to germinate, cleansing them so God can live within us, ever present to direct our will, engaging His Holy Spirit to be confident we abide by His will.

Azusa:  Prophets continue to remind us purity requires cleansing, more than by water, to adopt garments for reminding people they belong to God, choosing white material to signify purity, and to remove their sandals when they walk on holy ground, places consecrated by His presence. 

Pyrrho:  If God creates all with His presence everywhere, what is not holy ground?

Minerva:  God as the source and ground of being, the wellspring of all consciousness, the final cause of all Creation, the end toward which all beings are moved, the power of infinite being speaking everything into existence from nothingness, maintaining all through immanence and transcendence, uniting all with Himself, constitutes all Creation as holy ground.

Muggins:  You tell us your God allows evil to tread on His holy ground.

Pyrrho:  Some acknowledge God’s goodness by proclaiming Creation is a paradise incorporating heaven in a garden, written into being by His spoken Word. Yet, philosophers declare His Creation is filled with vectors of evil as well as goodness.

Minerva:  Intellectual scholars, claiming knowledge developed by human reason, ignore everything in prophetic messages from God and change them to satisfy people’s wishes, blaming unwanted and disagreeable thoughts and actions to evil inherent in the world. God continues to send prophets, hoping one will show humans how to accept diverse ideas developed by others as essential for His goodness to form beauty and be a feature of His love.

Pyrrho:  How did sin come from Creation’s goodness but by humans transforming their perceptions of the world, disregarding prophets’ messages from God, claiming people are born sinful and so by accepting it they can live accordingly. Someone imagined we are doomed to be sinful and created to be the source of evil, with our greatest depravity and wickedness condemning us to death. But God’s prophets had trouble convincing people that death was merely a step in existence’s infinity and they imagined ways to ensure continued life in some paradise in God’s heaven. But if He created everything good how could anything or place be better? 

Minerva:  God never sends prophets to declare Creation’s brokenness requires a new beginning, that the world with its God-given treasures of goodness must be destroyed for human redemption and salvation, precipitated by a battle between good and evil, thinking it is inevitable with God the Author-Creator of both, maintaining an illusion that the goodness He certified for His Work, manifesting His love, beauty and grace, can never be assured by human reason, so that people can disclaim its goodness and believe destruction is needed for reconstruction to correct His miscalculations.

Muggins:  Prophet’s messages declaring your God’s goodness are unacceptable for humans unable to dismiss their experiences of what they believe represents evil. 

Pyrrho:  Believing God’s manipulation of our planet is evil, should we trust all He does, despite creating everything with the goodness He claims for all His activity?

Minerva:  What does God’s goodness consist of? Prophets tell people He can move mountains, a verity confirmed by processes for changing earth’s conformations, by quakes displacing its contours, and by climatic upheavals eroding its peaks and flooding land’s borders, all examples of how He moves Creation. Human perceptions are limited and unable to understand God’s timing and reasoning for changing their home, and people jump to conclusions they are responsible for tampering with His goodness when the alterations are entirely His, transforming His Creation to reach perfection. Thinking we have power to manipulate His Creation, our activity is evil and sinful, reasoning it is something we can control. 

Azusa:  Prophetic messages of God’s goodness are denied and rejected for evil to appear, but human beings dismiss them, subjecting all of nature to evil’s profound immorality, wickedness and depravity. Remain fearful of human thoughts and deeds posing as messages of doom.

Able:  Does that include inquisitors appearing as self-appointed prophets, equating themselves with God, empowered to sit as both prosecutors and judges? Accusers are feared agents of destruction and death, becoming prophets from who knows where, never sent by our God of Creation, but possibly by fallen angels freely roaming to and fro. 

Schaman:  Inquisitorial prosecutors are demons, more than mere interrogators, knowing as accusers they condemn anyone questioned, convicting them without any chance of doubt. 

Pyrrho:  Humans engaging reason to make choices, determine judgments to be compromises between competing goods, never considering any may represent evil for which they may be incriminated.

Able:  Do prophets come to justify everlasting punishment for God’s created beings, never-ending judgment knowing He determines goodness for all? We all ask: How can goodness prevail if God judges everything and sees so much evil?  

Minerva:  Humans frustrate prophets, forsaking God’s commands and upholding their cultural traditions, dismissing His messages in favor of their customs, behaviors and thoughts, never acknowledging all evil comes from within them and believing nothing coming from outside can profane them. 

Pyrrho:  People live by their law of deeds, trusting works for happiness and salvation to release them from a world lacking goodness and considered evil, never believing their troubles are brought on by themselves.

Able:  Having been sent by God our Father, honest ones will admit: If I don’t do works to reveal and live by His truths, my faith is shabby.

Muggins:  Virtuous deeds contribute most to Creation’s goodness, being noble actions enhancing what’s morally good, more than words professing allegiance to esoteric beliefs.

Schaman:  Humans’ free will hardly moves beyond oneself, trusting everything in terms of their being, never realizing their will distracts goodness, allowing evil to enter, slithering in and welcomed as insignificant, thinking deeds assures purity and frees them of sin, being important as they suffer through an impersonal existence without hope for something better beyond.

Pyrrho:  Must I banish all grounding of myself, eradicating self’s free will to counter mistakes made by opening a chance for evil, sending my ego into the wilderness, sacrificing it to abandonment, leaving me empty, changes essential so I would never suffer life’s misery again? Is this world’s goodness so overwhelming that we must leave and subsequently return to appreciate its beauty in some greater way? 

Minerva:  Experience knows evil lurks in the hearts of many, hiding behind glittering decency, villainous ones ruling under the camouflage of meritocracy, revered and seldom exposed, continuing to masquerade and defy anyone trying to expose them. 

Azusa:  God’s approval of Creation with His stamp of virtue requires humans to respond to evil with goodness. Are people faithful to His authority? Evil can be ignored by indifference and irresponsibility living homeless in an uncaring world, isolating individuals from evil with life in seclusion, becoming hermits to minimize interaction with everything, but God did not put us here with that intent, creating us to be an island of ourselves. Goodness being the tie that binds all in His Creation becomes evil with its breaking. Goodness doesn’t leave a person until one breaks interaction God creates us to enthusiastically live by. 

Minerva:  Humans cannot understand evil, a concept they develop to describe the unwanted, often attributing evil to some sinister demonic spirit with the most mysterious evil being death, terminating life’s sufferings unfairly, ending the happy moments they came to enjoy. 

Pyrrho:  If we are made in His image of goodness, and He created an evil one, where and why did He find and develop the image for evil?

Muggins:  Any God’s message of Creation’s goodness deceives many, both those believing in the world’s evil as well as in no supreme being responsible for any goodness. Many trust they are not sinners who must change to receive some form of salvation. 

Minerva:  We are all sinners, having been condemned with free will, and all must be purified to be saved, because everything God creates cannot act with any other matter unless it remains in its pure form. So for us to interact with we must be purified. Our body which must be destroyed to allow our spirits to be purified is the blessing for all. 

Pyrrho:  Is evil merely an illusion, unreal except in minds contemplating unfulfilled wants and desires, causing unexpected circumstances raising the specter of fear, created by humans to condemn others, giving us rights to declare judgments, authorizing all to seek justice where none exists, empowering us with religious devotion and its ceremonial works?

Able:  Prophets convey God’s message of goodness and declare evil’s existence only for unbelievers; trusting believers submitting to God who is omnipotent and controls everything are under His protection, so they commit no sin. 

Pyrrho:  Prophets can regress, returning to deny God’s message of goodness and to begin believing all existence is evil, making life misery for all people, creating them with inherent insatiability of desire and burdening them with its consequences, offering them no solution but to escape from the world by hiding in a monastic order. 

Able:  But for ones believing His goodness prevails in all Creation would He create us good and then place us in an evil world where we would have no protection from being afflicted by it? 

Minerva:  God’s goodness accommodates light alternating with darkness, truths changing, coming and going with human understandings, life never lasting and eventually terminating in death, and people consider the unwanted alternatives evil, framing opposing forces of good and evil as inherent in Creation, never understanding His wisdom in its goodness. 

Pyrrho:  If God’s goodness instructs humans on acceptable behavior, telling everyone to call on the inherent means He provides, to rely on messages He sends to their souls, providing them with intuitions, showing people how to think and act so none stray with evil in tow, why do His prophets fail to convince humans of Creation’s goodness, and allow intellectual scholars impunity so their judgment condemns all to evil thoughts and deeds? 

Minerva:  Prophets chosen and sent by God encounter difficulty with people trusting a single Supreme Being for everything, forcing them to abandon many gods they depend on, and so some prophets allow people to continue worshipping nature spirits as well as those of dead ancestors. Belief in powerful opposing cosmic evil spirits complicates their allegiance on whom to trust, interfering with God’s message of Creation’s goodness and beauty with His love for all. 

Pyrrho:  Does goodness of God’s Creation require justice, thinking goodness must have some need for justice, but goodness can never consist of anything bad or evil so these defects in goodness must result from humans’ free will forcing justice to appear as part of Creation, to assist people’s impure judgment for managing Creation’s protection and restoration. 

Muggins:  If Creation never knew justice, acknowledging no need for it, all humans assured of being born in sin, existing condemned by iniquity, would be doomed with no recourse, and so they are, aging on to their destiny in death. 

Pyrrho:  Human survival depends on justice, but with it never incorporated in Creation’s survival of the fittest, it must be developed by people.

Azusa:  No one can forgive sins by ignoring justice. God judges and measures out justice, being true to His goodness and determines retribution and forgiveness for sins. Without love God cannot forgive and His love’s full measure is found in Creation’s justice. 

Minerva:  Justice must prevail to verify God’s goodness, trusting fairness is essential to accommodate Creation’s beauty and love, requiring resolution by justice before beauty’s peace can satisfy people’s demands. 

Pyrrho:  Humans reason to justify sacrifice of Creation’s life, selecting victims as proxies for their iniquities, demanding an eye for an eye to compensate for injuries done to them, proclaiming a silver or golden rule of treating others as they treat you, doing unto others as they would do unto you. Does this belief become a standard for justice? 

Muggins:  Justice never has standards, knowing its values and beliefs change more often than truths and if people’s God never changes how can He apply a standard for justice in Creation?

Pyrrho:  We are born free, unencumbered by any golden rules stifling our freedom, jeopardizing our free will, waiting to condemn our choices.

Minerva:  Prophets glorifying God on delivering His message know it’s life-threatening restrictions on people’s freedom, asking all to begin lives humbly, convincing others that the message is God’s and have faith to believe it comes from Him. 

Muggins:  Is it humility motivating people to seek sanctuary and escape the world, casting it aside to search for peace, fleeing as refuges to establish holy places, temples for idolatry? Humility requires people to remain in the world. Restrictions on being humble are never found outside the world in sanctuaries for isolating oneself. 

Pyrrho:  Does God need a sanctuary here on earth for Him to be His humble self? What prophet has not determined a sanctuary must be built for housing God with a place to assure His presence in people’s midst, creating a space for Him while forgetting He created the world to be with us? 

Muggins:  Prophets never come without imaginative ideas, telling people what any God must be like, requiring a sanctuary in Creation’s goodness.

Schaman:  People define prophets in preferred terms, describing them as not only bearers of God’s messages but in what they want them to be or think they should be, and others rejecting such ideas are regarded as ignorant and unable to understand a prophet’s significance, working to integrate a desired social culture into the spiritual domain imagined to be best. How does a prophet integrate social cultures built on hatred and retribution, greed and warfare, inequality and injustice, with the essence of spiritual messages from God? 

Pyrrho:  God’s messages extinguish our personalities and eradicate people’s consciousness, preventing use of our free will, insisting we remain puppets depending on instincts under control of Creation’s rules, stifling passions of joy, happiness and peace people long for. 

Azusa:  Only dreams filled with hopeful imaginations can promise lasting satisfactions in our existence, except for the spirit in our soul that survives beyond our worldly composition.

Able:  When prophets and their disciples’ conduct is correct, their instruction for rule is effective without issuing any orders but lacking correct conduct they issue orders no one would follow. 

Pyrrho:  Prophets struggling to harmonize God’s message with people’s cultural traditions, synchronizing His Words with their beliefs, overlook human practices of enslaving others, bartering their bodies for material gain, treating them as commodities useful only for manual labor, sexual purposes and spare parts. Can such prophets bring God’s grace to the world, be epitomes of His mercy and generosity, and display nobility of character people trust in Him? 

Schaman:  We fear following God’s message unless it compromises our traditions and conforms with beliefs developed from the last prophet’s teachings modernized with current truths.

Pyrrho:  Humans should learn to live by current truths and prevailing righteousness, depending on their reason to understand life’s existence, realizing truths appear for replacement by new verities each moment as righteousness is relative for people and their times, providing ways to live with.

Muggins:  Trust nothing from the past, tell everyone it has nothing worth remembering, lacks anything worthwhile, and predicts trouble for people depending on its wisdom.

Minerva:  God tells prophets to examine Creation for understanding His message, and some never comprehending what He says think of digging into the earth to discover what He wants all to know, to reveal hidden secrets, but He hides nothing with His message already apparent without searching underground to find a mother of all information created by humans, documenting their transient truths and wisdom soon to be lost, since He never writes messages and trusts us to need nothing to discern what is evident in His Creation. Trusting humans to transcribe His messages into written words opens the way for them to alter their meaning by scribes reasoning what they think He says. 

Azusa:  Seeking Creation’s secrets by digging into a planet’s matter or soaring into heavenly unknowns reveals nothing of things hoped for, convicting no one of things unseen, assuring no one of anything who doesn’t understand and act on God’s message declaring Creation’s goodness bursting with beauty and His love.

Muggins:  By your words I cannot be condemned for never acting on something I can’t understand. Philosophers and theologians tell me to act on their theories proclaimed to be reliable suppositions.

Pyrrho:  The world needs ones like you, skeptics disbelieving ideas claimed to be true, pragmatists knowing truths disappear quicker than a spring snow, mocking belief in anything commanding respect, rejecting verities claiming majesty, beauty or surpassing quality leaving people speechless. 

Minerva:  Could you ever change your cynicism, living with nothing but pessimism, and adopt ways of holy people filled with thoughts, words, and deeds of truth?

Muggins:  Do you trust such people exist? For the whomsoevers claiming to obey God completely, everything created must obey their yearnings, but who obeys Him completely, not the Nones who never suffer, leaving all others disappointed with their suffering?

Schaman:  Prevailing human opinion declares our world is corrupt and we must rejoice in abandoning it with death, rejecting any goodness for God’s Creation.

Able:  I have encountered life’s disappointments, judged by you with bitterness, and never blame them on our world being corrupted to cause my suffering.

Pyrrho:  Our freedom permitting everything, anything entering a person's mind, releasing our desires by imaginary truths to set us free, equips us to avoid suffering disappointments by escaping from any God’s dictatorial commands.

Able:  Few listen to God’s message and follow His orders, discounting His Words as impossible, calling on human reason to develop dogmas for modifying anything He says. God continues commissioning people as prophets to proclaim His directions for protecting and prospering Creation, but this poorly succeeds for people He equips with free will. 

Minerva:  Prophets teach humans to believe in the one God, one Divine Spirit to lead their faith, but people never abandon their lessor gods, trusted by many who ignore any concept of one God who sends messages via His prophets bringing witness to Him and trusting scribes will not misconstrue His Words by freely modifying them to suit human ideas, claiming they are delivered by God's chosen messengers who authorizes them to exercise their free will.

Pyrrho:  God ordains prophets to proclaim His will, but being humans with free will they can be tempted to embellish their persona more than necessary, to be greater than He chooses for them to be, and if not by their will to change God's intent, by ardent followers who will do that for them.

Minerva:  God affirms what humans receive, incorporating His messages in words of prophets He continues to send, but unfortunately humans manipulate His messages to distort His commands, enabling humans to authorize their free will as the final arbiter of their decisions.

Able:  People dismiss God’s messages sent through prophets and continue their lives in unrest, confusion and unhappiness, trusting their will to protect the autonomy assured by their freedom.

Minerva:  Created with free will to choose, humans must select what to live for, giving them reason to live, or they will trust self-destruction with nothing better, and enter the realm of nothingness as preferable to life. People consider termination of their existence when they ignore everything God tells them, finding many opportunities are available to die a martyr for ending their convictions of life having value. 

Pyrrho:  With prophets failing to show us anything but impossible directions, we must trust our reason and free will for pursuing and insuring universal happiness for everyone.

Pause three
Return to contents

Schaman:  Prophets claim truth sets us free, but whose truth, knowing that truth changes with time, testifying to everything being distorted by time and only humans can determine what qualifies as truth. God's unchanging eternal truth is never acceptable for humans demanding autonomy to develop their own truths.

Muggins: Churches claim all authority to determine truth, professing their assertions come directly from the Holy Spirit, conveying messages from God, sanctified and conflicted by demigods too numerous to count to establish power. We are told to test everything and discard anything evil; we obey this command but only after deciding ourselves or consulting others what is evil. We don’t trust Creation’s goodness, believing it to be faulty and unfit for our existence.

Minerva:  We shouldn’t judge, reject, misinterpret, or falsify what we don’t understand, but this is exactly what we do, judging and rejecting Creation’s goodness in favor of existence in a hoped-for different place.

Pyrrho:  All prophets come with answers interpreting how we should think and act for continuing our existence, for salvation to some place other than our present Creation claimed to embody God’s goodness.

Minerva:  People examining everything reason what they are, never seeking God the creator of all to understand what they represent. Depending on reason’s perception to understand everything, human scholars develop theology to study and create religions, trusting their intellect and free will rather than God’s revelations. Prophets sent by Him are tempted by their hearers to make His decrees more palatable, resulting in modifications that mutilate His messages. 

Pyrrho:  Humans intensely believing in God reason their development of doctrines and dogmas increases trust in His revelations, believing more is needed to maintain convictions in Him as their Heavenly Father. People remain convinced their God-given abilities of intellect to freely trust their convictions are created by Him to work-over His revelations and make them relevant and usable for their existence. 

Schaman:  Is modern science a philosophy depending on sensory perception for its truths whereas traditional philosophy uses reason and free will to develop its truths? Free will is important for both, the catalyst we must continue to employ.

Pyrrho:  If God gave us our home, designed with His goodness, equipping us with free will to improve it as we choose, He challenges us to change it with laws we derive from doctrines and dogmas. 

Schaman:  God’s prophets come to tell you His truth can set you free, and people modify His messages, developing them into doctrines and dogmas, producing edicts essential for belief, but these laws restrict everyone’s freedom, proclaiming disbelief a sin, and never protecting one’s individuality to believe differently. 

Minerva:  Human imagination is so powerful and diverse that when willfully released anything is possible, enabling spirit’s creativeness rather than legalistic morality to determine truth. With free will and imagination God releases people from essential beastly instincts important for survival. 

Azusa:  God’s Word indeed pronounces His truth will set us free, but freedom cannot be enforced, repressed, or burdened by human truths imbedded in commands and prohibitions. Expect only God’s truths to set us free, verities coming only from Him. 

Able:  If dogmas must rule, should I silence and ignore inherent callings from God, forcing me to disregard my reason to believe, abandon my free will and accept dogmas as truth? Church timbers and stones form sacred edifices that bar me from entering without accepting their dogmas as truths, telling me my temple for the Holy Spirit is in shambles and hopeless for meeting with God. Trusting religious dogmas enslaves and compels me to never leave a religious faith created by humans. 

Minerva: God’s prophets deliver His message in people’s native language which some claim can’t be comprehended when translated into another tongue. His message is eternal and meant for all human beings, so making it understandable for only some makes no sense, thinking God’s plan is to select only a few for blessing, but this is a scribe’s way to consecrate only those in their tradition. Textual scholars willfully convince others, developing most followers by transforming God’s messages, by preventing His Words from being reliably translated into any other language, forcing their translations to become the only infallible source of religious truth. 

Muggins:  Interpretations of a God’s message into infallible edicts forbids consensus, rejecting the hallmark of democracy, submitting all authority to theocratic rule, dismissing and penalizing our free will. Democracy is never mentioned in any God’s message and becomes a daring invention of philosophers, thinking fairness prevails with rule by the majority. 

Pyrrho:  Democracy is never fair, ruling by neglect of the minority.

Azusa:  Human truths of democracy never set us free, and we trust God’s truths are different.

Pyrrho:  Prophets must cautiously deliver God’s message, carefully to never disturb people’s traditional beliefs by allowing orthodoxies to remain, and if they don’t, they will be martyred, killed and mostly forgotten. Gladly they speak, promising humans freedom who want no restrictions on being themselves, acting as each moment prompts them, trusting they have perfect freedom. 

Muggins:  Dreading freedom to make choices with uncertainty, I trust fate to be kind, never relying on reason to empower answers, fearing any freedom to choose, making no obligations on what to worship.

Pyrrho:  Hearing prophets proclaim truth will make me free, wondering what and whose truth, can I remain free as truth changes? Will maintaining old truths endanger me, threatening the freedom of my existence, leading me to suffer? 

Schaman:  Created with a conscience to limit my free will, I discover truth grows my freedom and wonder if it restricts my conscience more. Why must humans be created with both free will and a conscience, frustrating them with dilemmas, never knowing which to moderate, making freewheeling for either harmful?

Pyrrho:  Snare the conscience to release unlimited free will, accepting the truth to make one free, gaining freedom to follow anyone chosen.

Muggins:  You say someone’s truth will set me free.  What truth? Do I need more freedom, thinking more will be better? What can more freedom do? Allow my instincts to be unleashed, free to roam and respond like a beast? Put my conscience to sleep and ignore anything it might tell me? I can never be certain of any truth as it changes with time. So, what truth should satisfy me? Beasts have no truths and need no freedom but to rely on instincts.

Minerva:  God created beasts to be territorial, staking out their domains with markers, establishing borders to keep others out, and humans resolve to maintain this instinct, ignoring the spirit He gave them with the new covenant promised for them when becoming human. Is it essential to protect our instincts when we trust God and live out His message? Will a time come in evolution directed by Him when we no longer need instincts, freeing us from their control, realizing His truth sets us free? 

Pyrrho:  We can’t wait on evolution’s leisurely pace to make life better, never happening but in some distant future, if at all, namely to free us from anxiety and suffering, and instead we must expect rational thinking of intellectual endeavors in philosophy and science to bring success. We reason God’s message is inadequate and untrustworthy, never answering why He makes Creation unacceptable, trusting He orchestrated the Fall, guaranteeing we are all born sinful, an irrational event making everyone suffer.

Muggins:  Can prophets bearing some God’s message do anything to mend the brokenness of His fallen Creation caused by humans’ rebellious rationalized freedom, willed by this God and allowed to persist?

Minerva:  Humans don’t grow in their knowledge of God despite His prophet’s messages, appearing one after another, directing all to follow His Will. God continues to mature Creation with the earth’s agonizing transformations to achieve completeness, groaning and quaking with tremors, heaving and building mountains, storming with skies and seas in turmoil. Humans testing their free will are no different, seeking ways to maturity. God is watching, permitting all for people to find their way, and He commissions prophets to facilitate our advancement by telling us to discover His truth to set us free. 

Pyrrho:  God is not omnipotent, controlling everything humans do, as people claim He is in charge, but He never intended that when He created us with free will. 

Minerva:  Building on God’s message and believing in Him, people create religions for reasoning their way, driven by emotions for their development, freewheeling their will by cultural experiences, all done to construct something to live by, more than what’s possible with philosophy’s fickle nature of complying with culture’s current vogue and its lack of belief in a Supreme Being. With religions failing to direct their way humans look to science with hope to reveal Creation’s hidden answers. 

Pyrrho:  Free will is essential for our existence, for anxiety and disappointment, for imaginations to develop evil, to convince us we need redeemers to cast out demons our free will has chosen, thoughts and deeds we impose on all creation. Free will’s last resort is hope, our comfort in waiting on a miracle.

Minerva:  Miracles are human constructions developing from mysterious perceptions. They are never manifestations of changes in God’s laws of nature but result from increasing revelations of their fixed and unchangeable operations, promised to be maintained and revealing nothing is new under the sun, and guaranteeing God’s cosmos is indifferent to human interests for controlling and changing nature. God’s message of Creation’s goodness, beauty and love doesn’t tell us to change His accomplishments but to understand the compelling need to change ourselves. 

Azusa:  Since God’s message remains unheard or ignored, He continues sending new prophets until everyone listens and obediently follows His commands. He gives us no message on destroying His goodness, allowing His Creation to evaporate, and return to nothingness. 

Minerva:  What is God’s goodness, identifying it by His standards and ignoring how humans describe it? His goodness, beauty and love assure Creation’s protection while allowing its growth, cosmos’s goodness being guaranteed by God’s laws binding everything together, protecting their constancy from manipulation by humans, limiting our free will so we can never tamper with His untouchables. Without His goodness nothing could exist and all deviations from Creation’s goodness are defined and created by us and can never be attributed to a breakdown of God’s goodness; we acknowledge His goodness is a miracle, a mystery with little understanding.

Schaman:  We damage Creation’s goodness in many ways, but God heals all our bumbling machinations and restores what He made it to be.

Pyrrho:  People explain miracles as signs of transcendent wisdom and universal compassion. God’s message of goodness, beauty and love commands adoption of these virtues. Humans demand miracles orchestrated by God for belief and trust in His prophets, but their purpose fails when people realize they can be used to gain authority and power. 

Muggins:  Miracles trusted to have happened never last but as remembrances, never enduring ravages of time, disappearing as all changes, eventually forgotten and ridiculed as illusions. Knowing all perceptions of miracles decay and change with time, as for truths developed by human senses, people seldom listen to any God’s message and heed His Words. 

Able:  I can accept changes reducing miracles to insignificance and trust the truths in God’s message.

Muggins:  Miracles are only needed to deal with disappointments, brought on by demonic forces responsible for suffering, entities fated by nature’s inclinations for reasons unknown. 

Able:  Believing evil comes from within us, convinced we are all born sinful, we should empty ourselves, evoking kenosis to invite in nothingness, leaving a vacuum for a divine message to occupy and no room for reason to convince us differently.

Schaman:  Created with free will did God think we could transform ourselves for improvement without any messages from Him by emptying ourselves completely, expecting nothingness to end our suffering, ignoring His message, trusting we can accomplish all without Him? People are too busy defining what they want to be and emptying themselves is self-destruction.

Muggins:  We can escape suffering, releasing us from fear of living in this world and convictions of doom, from thoughts of being born in sin, by planting crystals of joy, peace and understanding within to transform us, needing no messages from any God, willing it by powers we possess, resources of our minds never cleared by kenosis, exercising human wisdom and skills we perfect.

Azusa:  God never changes pleasure into joy, knowing joy comes only from Him, acknowledging peace is never a companion of pleasure, being a miracle when we trust Him for peace to escape suffering’s disappointments.

Pyrrho:  Does exercising compassionate service to alleviate other’s sufferings, taking it upon oneself, trusting it to be an essential deed, accomplish anything but to satisfy oneself, trusting it to surpass all that God’s messages can do? So why is it needed? 

Muggins:  Who decides how to live compassionately? By one’s own wisdom freely applied, by a philosopher’s trusted thoughts, or by desire to make one feel good doing something amounting to nothing, making subjective decisions freeing objective expressions of goodness, transforming metaphysical claims into moral imperatives? God’s message can be ignored to live compassionately, because no one lives the fullness of His reported goodness encompassing the beauty and love claimed for Creation. 

Azusa:  If there is no ultimate goodness, denying its possibility, trusting in no Supreme Being creating all existence, we live hopelessly in meaninglessness with no way out, realizing there is no good reason for anything to exist. If people evolve from the primitive assembly of matter spontaneously to support survival of the fittest can we be anything significant, gaining it other than by belief in ourselves, believing we must be more than nothing?

Pyrrho:  Existence is so bad, with the world being the cradle for evil, some choose isolation as the only solution for survival, living in meaninglessness.

Minerva:  Life isn’t worth living for ones obliged to exercise reason for their existence when torn between free will decisions promised by transient truths and their conscience discerning similar verities, both causes for disappointment. What makes life worth living other than hope? Prophets sent by God come with miracles, signs for all to see, especially for those who never recognize His miracles, trusting all will eventually acknowledge life is a miracle, endowing human bodies with Creation’s inherent promise for living up to four score years.

Able:  Miracles give us hope, telling God is with us.

Pyrrho:  Some electing isolation as the only relief from disappointment’s sufferings grow impatient and resort to suicide, preferring death’s nothingness to anyone’s truth, never convinced of hope, never trusting in miracles.

Schaman:  They don’t understand the hope of salvation promises they can be reborn after an unknown interval of death’s nothingness. They choose death thinking this termination of life dreaded by most is the outcome of sin we were born with. Humans will never be free of this conviction and no religion will ever know the way to cleanse us of evil, unless perhaps by a miracle.

Minerva:  People as living miracles never realize every finite substance God creates follows His direction to interact with all, near and far, most importantly with Him, wherever He is. All He creates is never lost or destroyed, being transformed in ways unknown to continue His mysterious design, apparent to us as only miracles, unexplainable and enigmatic. 

Schaman:  Prophets should never prove God’s existence by miracles and must rely on people’s faith to awaken their inherent presence of His being, realizing miracles bring no one lasting faith, knowing one miracle is never enough for many who, when challenged, ask for multiple miracles which never result in enduring faith. 

Pyrrho:  Humans have free will and can choose to be liberated from dependence and reliance on the one God, much less to rely on any god, never becoming a lackey to any divine being but only to themselves. Must we demand prophets perform miracles, persuaded they are commissioned by God, convincing us to trust His messages? Show me a miracle proving any prophet is sent by God, authorized with powers lent by Him.

Minerva:  Being all to oneself guarantees suffering, the grand disappointment of existence. If one can understand God’s message, reported unaltered by a prophet, and believe without any trace of faithlessness all things are possible, one will recognize miracles, being manifestations of goodness in all Creation.

Schaman:  Does God intervene to dismiss human suffering, answering prayers to ask for its remission? God isn’t available to care about human’s disappointments, especially when people are too occupied with their wants to hear prophets delivering His message. 

Minerva:  God is immanent in all nature, being the Creator who leaves His presence in everything, protecting the mechanisms for reproduction and survival, insuring means for adaptation to the environment, forming humans with freedom to choose and exercise their inherent ability to believe and call on God, and hearing His message delivered by prophets people discover God is transcendent, entering their lives, responding to their needs and prayers.

Able:  If Creation’s goodness promises to provide all our needs, why do we pray that God should give us anything in addition, rather than communicating with Him with thankfulness for all His provisions that supply our needs we take for granted? 

Piety:  Our prayers must never cease rejoicing for His gifts, our life and its needs. We should never be satisfied by asking for more, even for what may be never nurturing nor lasting. 

Able:  People can’t develop a passionate love for God without some revelation of Him, and for most that requires miracles to unseal their inherent hidden knowledge.

Azusa:  It is essential to have an innate knowledge of God creating us, imbedded with His gift of reason. Lacking this knowledge distresses humans trying to cope with reality, understanding it as never composed of illusions.

Minerva:  God hides His mysteries, appearing as miracles within a person's body. They must remain hidden so people cannot perform miracles as the basis for claiming power for themselves. Although humans don’t understand and believe their existence is a miracle living in mystery, they call on magicians to perform amazing wonders in order to believe, never trusting in unseen miracles God keeps hidden, believing Creation appeared spontaneously by unknown unexplainable forces and reasons. 

Pyrrho:  Disciples and scribes promote supernatural powers for prophets, using them to encourage belief, knowing people never stop asking for more miracles to trust someone offering wondrous things. Some prophets are reported to have walked on water. Ailing people were said to be healed by touching a prophet’s garments, by a healer’s eyes focusing on one’s ailment, or by a prophet’s spoken word. Prophets employ miracles to mysteriously disappear and vanish from view. Many multiply provisions from practically nothing to feed hundreds, raise people from death, control nature by calling on vegetative growth to die and command rain to come or go, doing whatever to demonstrate their miraculous powers.

Muggins:  Prophets’ disciples feel deserted when their messiahs vanish, leaving them without notice, ruining convictions of their divine nature, causing followers to scatter and never return unless some stupendous miracle happens to bring them back, restoring their hopes from moments of desolation, forsakenness and abandonment. Beginning as legends, many such miracles become trusted beliefs and never fade by time’s changes on truths.

Schaman:  God created humans to reason, but prophets convince us now to forsake it in favor imaginative illusions.

Minerva:  When despair leaves no room for any worldly consolation, people’s truths can only develop from insights and intuition based on life’s experiences and inherent imprints God places in everyone’s mind, promising no one can erase its content and return them to any nothingness evident before life’s conception. 

Pyrrho:  Miracles live with us and are never stupendous enough to be thought extraordinary, such as eating when hungry and drinking when thirsty, because science reveals their necessity, making them no longer miracles. 

Azusa:  Praise science for all it does to reveal reality’s manifestation and no more, accepting we must look to only God to understand its essence, realizing religion tries to accommodate both but cannot. 

Able:  Miracles are expected, even demanded, by ones spiritually immature, essential to bolster their belief in God and provide tenuous convictions that need more assurance without which trust in God would fade.

Azusa:  True miracles transform people’s spirit from self-interest to self-sacrifice, from indifference to compassion, from ignorance to liberating knowledge in fulfillment of Jesus’s promise: You will know the truth, and the truth will set you free.

Minerva:  God chooses more than one way to reveal eternal and universal truths, selections being entirely in His sovereign Will, made when previous prophets fail to accomplish all He intends, His message spoken to a particular people at a given time and place remaining unfulfilled. God never calls anyone to establish a new religion and expects people to obey His Words without modifications by any intellectual scribes, disciples, or philosophers changing their meaning. After earlier unsuccessful attempts to understand and obey His message, people developed religions reflecting human wants and desires. God’s message being most important, its revelation requires a miraculous intervention in human history that people should never forget. They document every time He sent a prophet with His message. Coming unexpectedly, they should be considered miracles. 

Azusa:  No one has the right to reinterpret God’s message, modifying it to satisfy human desires, especially when it is given word for word, a sacred text delivered by revelation, believed to be a miracle and possibly the only one.

Minerva:  Prophets must faithfully deliver God’s message, but their disciples aggressively modify its words, authorizing themselves to exercise divine powers, trusting in their out-spoken reason to declare what must be. Human reason protecting individual interests perverts God’s message so disciples can establish laws to enforce their will on all. Eventually their laws become sacred edicts which never change with holy people in charge, protecting them from modification by anyone lacking credentials, ones with only intuitions or reports of untrustworthy miracles.

Azusa:  God’s love protects and heals His Creation. His disciples using this love have healing powers, sometimes with powers of genuine prayer and cradling others with bodily touches of love, using love’s divine power to help ones suffering with disappointment.

Minerva:  Denying prophets are God’s messenger, making them merely humans, dismisses their divine status and jeopardizes their messages to the point of making God unworthy of devotion. Making prophets too human is avoided by considering them gods or God, something accomplished by assigning them miraculous acts. 

Pyrrho:  We hear of prophet’s authentication by their walking on water, reported as truth by many religions in the past. Should we consider this a reliable test today, defying powerful and permanent physical laws to bond humans with trust in God?

Azusa:  We use reason to comprehend all reality, to overcome ignorance of the unknown and develop truths to live by, and religion reasons doctrines and dogmas for that purpose.

Pyrrho:  Religion depends on correct belief instead of correct living when hearing God’s message of Creation’s goodness, beauty and love. Does His message say anything about correct belief? Can humans return to faithfulness for His message and pursue righteous living instead of following orthodox beliefs?

Minerva:  Interpretation of God’s Word is infinite, boundless in allowing all to explain its message to suit their ways for living. Vast are human imaginations to understand His message, exhorting us to trust and believe creation’s goodness, beauty and love, knowing people decide meanings for each. 

Pyrrho:  Is divine intervention needed more than His message, mediating human considerations to provide their wants, trusting God readily intervenes to answer petitions, prayers for intercession, when He establishes mechanisms for healing and provides one’s needs?

Minerva:  Divine assistance is ever present, available in free will, enabling intuitions to make choices, providing insights for understanding to avoid undesirable decisions. God needs no more intervention to improve on Creation’s goodness.

Pyrrho:  Scriptures report God can harden people’s hearts, making them ignore and disobey His message, forcing them to flaunt His will, trusting this is how He operates with creatures He invests with free will. Never. People themselves choose to harden their hearts; never blame it on others. 

Muggins:  Disciples abound, twisting reason to fragment a God’s message, creating and multiplying sects without ceasing, inviting battles to establish truths, never any God’s but each their own. 

Azusa:  Unfortunately, humans use their intellect to reason God doesn't exist, allowing them to become their own gods and masters of their destiny without any outside interference. We are all skeptics requiring proof for everything, demanding miracles, knowing our truths never stop changing. 

Muggins:  People are wise, knowing miracles never exist, calling them illusions.

Minerva:  Existence cannot be proclaimed perfect because that demands an understanding of all its parts. We believe its hidden goodness appears to us as a miracle because only God knows all its components and we define the unknowns as miracles because they can’t be explained. Beings perfectly made conforms to human conceptions of perfection and we cannot say that God creates things perfectly because we don't know His standard for perfection. 

Muggins:  Human’s concept of perfection is too fluid for description, changing with each new doctrine and dogma introduced, too many for anyone to comprehend.

Pyrrho:  How many dogmas, doctrines and decrees have humans thought of and set in stone from God’s single message? Scholarly scribes write laws to surround and protect their dialectics, developing them with language their kind can read and understand, telling outsiders they cannot know what their writings say and therefore cannot comment on them. 

Muggins:  Trusting any God’s message requires interpretations people will put into their hearts; scribes write tomes on how it should be understood for developing religions. 

Pyrrho:  Humans interpret God’s message confirming Creation’s beauty by their art, music and poetry, thinking they represent truth in His goodness of beauty, but people fail to see and understand His beauty in Creation, with their attempts falling far short when trying to mangle and destroy Creation’s beauty. 

Muggins:  Prophet’s disciples tell us any God does more than send messages of Creation’s goodness, beauty and love, intervening by transcending to officiate with directions to select our rulers, telling us they are chosen by their God, commanding us to obey them, and we submit to authority of ones who decimate Creation’s beauty.

Pyrrho:  People no longer respect leaders claimed to be chosen by God. With human wants and desires so diverse, all leaders chosen are ridiculed to their embarrassment, leaving all unacceptable, even ones claiming God ordains them with His majesty’s goodness and virtues. 

Minerva:  Don’t expect God to create everything with goodness, beauty and love, and leave His work unattended, left to whims of evil forces. Humans cannot protect anything blessed with such virtues, knowing their human creations of excellence will be ravished by time and eventually disappear. God assures this cannot happen for what He creates, providing eternal laws of protection and permitting change with survival. 

Muggins:  If your God creates me unprotected and subject to whims of evil demons, I can’t possess any of His goodness, beauty and love.

Azusa:  Divine providence prevails to engage mechanisms God places in our body for healing, to restore its functions at times He has further work for some to do, for allowing people’s life to continue and complete activities He considers unfinished. When anyone has done all He plans for them, healing is no longer necessary. His goodness prevails when He has more use for us.

Pyrrho:  Messiahs suffer disappointments over their work for God, ending with no remembrance of its time or place, never recalled by anyone, prompting them to lament: God why have You forsaken me, bewildering disciples and humans alike. 

Minerva:  God gives everyone an opportunity for intervals to do His work, and obedience to His calling is not evaluated by activities measured by time, trusting He decides on their worth. 

Muggins:  Does divine hope also come with your God’s message, but hardly lasting for any comfort as your disappointments leave for only moments, returning quickly to renew your suffering? 

Azusa:  God’s love allows suffering disappointments, expecting spiritual growth to sprout and thrive, igniting miracles of spontaneous healing, knowing it can change people to recognize and follow Him. 

Schaman:  You shop for divine favors, calling on God to satisfy your wants and desires. Your prophets tell all to discover the divine supreme presence by looking into their souls, realizing miracles accomplish little to recognize His wonder. 

Pyrrho:  God’s followers request healing through fervent prayer, calling on Him for restoration of health, but for what, knowing disappointment quickly returns?

Minerva:  Suffering is disappointment of humans living in a changing cosmos, realizing nothing is permanent, forcing them to constantly alter their expectations of anything lasting, plaguing them with unexpected changes to bring on suffering, as well as ones known to come but never knowing when. Disappointment intervenes when desires and wants for health and happiness disturbs people’s peace and tranquility.

Muggins:  Myriad disappointments plague unbeliever’s lives and are hardly less for believers existing to satisfy desires who call on their God to end their suffering. 

Schaman:  Boredom prevails when disappointment ceases. Which does anyone prefer?

Able:  Isn’t suffering pain different from disappointment? Pain tells us to rest our afflicted body parts, telling some to consult a doctor, being a sign of something wrong that should not be neglected. Pain is always discouraging and brings on disappointment that our bodies like everything else changes, and we know aging progressively leads to the destiny for all living creatures.

Azusa:  Constant pain being like a thorn in the flesh need not be a disappointment, an ailment developing to interfere with a person’s mission. We must never consider it a crutch, an excuse to believe one’s life is over. 

Muggins:  Seeking happiness is the pain of this world, knowing it is fleeting, seldom rewarding, disappointing, and suffering humans into perpetual sadness.

Able:  Prophets coming as God’s proxies to combat evil and establish virtue, telling people of His Creation’s goodness, attract disciples, followers testifying to their leader’s miracles, promising people their lives can change, comforting them with claims for suffering’s meaning and assuring them of healing by miraculous cures. 

Azusa:  God dismisses prophets’ followers from commitment to His message when the messengers fail to follow His Words and cooperate with scribes and philosophers to modify His truths, calling never understandable ones miracles.

Pyrrho:  Miracles are hardly trusted, multiplying to generate belief, bombarding humans with seeming interruptions of natural laws, convincing onlookers of miracles being more than magic. Belief in miracles defies reason and must always be rejected. 

Muggins:  Illusions of miracles being stumbling blocks denying truth, masquerade as representatives of reality. 

Azusa:  Humans vision miracles as changes encountered in the physical world and interpret them as having eternal consequences, resulting in historical verities, but one cannot expect them to transform our spirit. 

Able:  Instead of changing one’s spirit with miracles, God enters human lives by sending spiritual forces to participate in battles when people are overwhelmed, designating angels to battle for His people convinced of being righteous, vanquishing other combatants with God letting them know the battle is His, fighting evil, demanding justice, proclaiming vengeance is mine, reminding people it is I who slew your enemies. No miracle is needed to explain God’s intervention to save His favored people. 

Muggins:  Having created our world with goodness, beauty and love, battling evil and demanding vengeance is His must be proclaimed by some divinity humans dream up.

Pyrrho:  People’s beliefs in the world’s evil convicts them to trust it must end if God is the epitome of justice, ending by a battle between good and evil with the world’s destruction, but this is inconsistent with His message extolling Creation’s goodness, beauty and love. Prophets submit to human wishes for this to happen, creating a god for their fulfillment. 

Muggins:  Prophets inspire many to be disciples claiming transcendent powers, with many believing their empowerment authorizes them to become a God or gods worthy to be worshipped for their supernatural endowments, sanctified as divine to fulfill their fantasies.

Pyrrho:  This authority magnifies them to be like God, gifting them with supernatural insight to claim wisdom, compassion and justice. 

Azusa:  God creates prophets with special human gifts, authorizing them to become incarnations of God’s knowledge and love, sending them as the face of God to tell people: To know me is to know Him, making God knowable with prophets being object of His special love, to remember that God reports they are His beloved and only Sons. God’s Word is the logos creating everything, by His Word all is made and for some He created pure light and from the light He created the prophets.

Pyrrho:  From pure light creating all, does God produce knowledge He chooses to keep in the dark, hidden from our understanding? Does His goodness demand this?

Azusa:  God authorizes some prophets to deliver God’s message, investing them with insight into truths hidden from doubting believers, sent to teach eternal truths to ones with understanding.

Muggins:  For what reason would any God justify some knowledge be hidden, creating some humans without complete understanding?

Azusa:  Claiming to possess all hidden knowledge, being the ultimate source of God’s messages, prophets and disciples affirm their commitment to obey His commands, to guard and transmit inerrant truths and transcendent wisdom for sustaining His being and inspiring His spiritual perfection. 

Pyrrho:  Prophets are venerated when trust begins for people’s ascent to heaven, recounting how God will take them home, whether bodily or for their spirit, attested to by many despite what science says about its improbability. Unbelievers distrust prophet’s claims for salvation and deny them any respect.

Azusa:  God directing our ascensions remove us from history and into the timelessness of divine reality. His disciples proclaim: Prophetic messages invite people to begin a pilgrimage inward and upward, through stages of ever-widening awareness, toward the transcendental wisdom that religious traditions warn cannot be attained by human understanding but awaits anyone willing to abandon self-interest for the consuming love of God.

Pyrrho:  Beware, charlatans abound, fabricating illusions to mesmerize people, claiming them to be miracles for proving their powers, called on to demonstrate one’s authority or greatness, magically using them to convince skeptics, claiming to prove one’s sanctification by God, never revealing their ethical deceit.

Azusa:  Miracles are needed, essential to qualify ones for recognition as a saint and certify them as messengers from God, proving they transmit His Word.

Minerva:  Some scribes listen to prophets and write of miracles from God, describing His wonders of suspending natural order’s activities to change Creation’s material conditions, but the purpose of His miracles is for spiritual liberation, to awaken human’s innate potential yearning to recognize and trust God is with them, especially ones seeking to be healed and freed from suffering disappointments.

Pyrrho:  Their stories are mostly illusions, hoped-for expectations, promised comings of messiahs for leading people into warfare to conquer evil and be worshiped as lords, trusting God Himself intervenes to save His creations from the world’s demise.

Muggins:  A day will come when all miracles disappear, being no longer essential, exposed as imaginary frauds, losing all their mystery and purpose, when human reason establishes all the truth we need to know.

Minerva:  When people no longer need miracles, ending their dependence on revealing God’s mysteries, they will obey messages to do His will and understand requirements to do their part, and never again ask God to provide miracles and intervene to answer their questions. 

Azusa:  Until we know more, miracles will continue to be meaningful manifestations coming from God, essential to believe in His divine authority, appearing until we begin to appreciate life is a miracle, treasured as scientists fail to understand all that makes life possible, its journey from conception through growth, aging and death.

Muggins:  Some claim their God visits the world from heaven, coming as a prophet who tells us when humans see him they can know who God is and what He is like. I am waiting.

Azusa: We don’t know how to recognize Him and must trust our imagination to give us clues.

Able:  Some prophets convince people of being authorized as God’s messenger and unique as the only one allowed to see Him face to face, believing all others die at the moment they see Him. But His messengers come with virtues for living, never being angels of death. 

Pyrrho:  God’s message can’t come to prophets on meeting Him face to face, to hear His voice when no one can report on who He is or what He is like unless through dreams or visions. The unseen God must be heard and understood without face to face encounters despite any religion’s scripture trusting their prophet received His Words directly, rather than through dreams and visions like other prophets.

Muggins:  Are any God’s prophets sent to deliver His edicts on goodness, beauty and love and then to punish ones by death who never heard His commands before, or has His message been heard before, warranting vengeance on His created beings? 

Pyrrho:  A prophet with God’s message of goodness, beauty and love can deliver it to humans as Ten Commandments, with disciples and scribes interpreting them into over 600 laws, trusting their understanding complies with His message untainted by their wants and desires. Breaking one of these laws can justify a death sentence. 

Azusa:  Fragments of God’s message continue to be understood and interpreted to love one another, even one’s enemies, and numerous tales associated with prophets around the world report on His grace and mercy ministering to people’s hated enemies. 

Pyrrho:  Philosophy assails God’s message, seducing it by reason to reinterpret and transform His Word, leaving only remnants to prevail, to satisfy people desiring self-realization for acquiring their wants while continuing to embrace spirituality without needing any orthodox religion that demands restrictive morality, repetitive ritual, and claims of being the only way of salvation and eternal life. 

Minerva:  In face of manipulation by intellectuals God continues to send prophets with His message, understanding people maintain belief and loyalty to Him if He provides their needs, makes suffering bearable, and guides their survival. When His provisions fade away, He returns to humankind with a new prophet bearing His same message. 

Azusa:  New prophets encounter few who confess I am unclean in the midst of unclean people and need cleansing of sins with God’s forgiveness; most seek cheap grace to accommodate their desires with the essence of His message. 

Muggins:  Prophets promise hearers that ones believing any God’s message can do works like theirs, and in fact ones even greater. I can’t practice magic to deceive people by using prophet’s activities, calling on miracles to gain their trust. 

Schaman:  On gaining followers to hear God’s message, prophets recruit throngs of people to give them political power and rule them by acceding to their wants and desires.

Pyrrho:  If God supplies needs for all, why should anyone need to pray for any wants except to give thanks? Praying for food, protection, justice and compassion reveals no one is innocent, never sharing with others, realizing they are controlled by human’s wants and desires. 

Azusa:  God’s goodness created with beauty and infused with love include provision of all human needs, for food, protection, justice and compassion, but creating us with free will changes all that and He sends prophets with His message, calling for our return to Him. 

Muggins:  People mock their God, praying His will be done, thinking this is needed, voicing petitions to dismiss their will, regretting desires for their will be done, but never taking the first step.

Azusa:  I trust the success of prayer, arriving at prayer with a perfect conscience, knowing prayer seeds virtuous thoughts, words and deeds, exacting joy by being in God’s presence, kneeling before the epitome of excellence, holiness, and goodness with the only act sealing me in virtue. 

Pyrrho:  If God provides all our needs why must we pray for their provision, thinking it requires a miracle? Prayer is no more than asking God’s permission to define ourselves, seeking His mercy to authorize human desires.

Muggins:  We must define ourselves to be better than what He plans for us, striking us dead no matter what we do or how we live, even for ones obeying all His edicts. 

Azusa:  Your realm of desires overwhelms His Words and you forget them soon, requiring Him to send another prophet.

Muggins:  Your God must come with miracles for anyone to believe His messages, but they all become distrusted illusions and eventually disbelieved, even by priests criticizing them for interfering with and diminishing works’ accomplishments of prevailing religions. 

Schaman:  Skeptics rightly shout: Show me a miracle proving you are sent from God, authorized with a power lent by Him.

Minerva:  We are God’s miracles through and through, hidden in every cranny of our bodies, but they remain unseen until revealed by Him through efforts of scientists He commissions for them to be known, making them miracles no longer.

Pyrrho:  People must have miracles and reason ways to give them credence. They will need them until all hidden knowledge is revealed, when people no longer depend on any God and reason out everything themselves.

Minerva:  Miracle stories will be borrowed and believed when trusted to be useful but can be ridiculed when they are venerated as pillars of competing religions, making them unite or be dividing forces. Miracles demand a place in religion and humans fear a day when they no longer exist.

Able:  Scribes testify to prophets chosen for humans’ welfare, coming without notice and sent by God. Transcending time, people worship and honor them as great ones, even as gods or God appearing foretold, teaching marvelously and vanishing when their time expired. God sends them to heal the blind, deaf and dumb, restore power to the lame, and free ones bonded in chains of misery and mental disorders by driving out demons and evil spirits. 

Schaman:  To make prophets legitimate emissaries of God, people claim they pre-existed with Him from times beginning, planned to be incarnate by being supernaturally conceived and miraculously born, to exist as sinless humans and suffer inexplicably, to be somewhat omniscient, everlasting beyond death, and sent by God with His message to save humankind. 

Pyrrho:  Miracles add credibility for testifying to prophets’ missions, miracles such as defying laws of nature by walking on water, appearing and disappearing inexplicably, looking on or touching people to heal them, feeding countless by multiplying small tokens of food, controlling nature by sending or withholding rain, swarming lands with terrors by insects and varmints, all accomplished by empowerment from people’s God.

Schaman:  If humans trust they have innate knowledge of God, inherent intuitions of Him or whatever one calls it to trust in miracles He develops for us to witness, it should  be encoded in people’s DNA, unknown by science presently,  and or perhaps discarded as junk DNA that is no longer needed.

Able:  You trust only science to eventually reveal everything we don’t know. I can’t agree with you.

Minerva:  DNA can identify our temporal matter but never our souls, with its coding passing away as all nonspiritual flesh.

Pyrrho:  Unexplainable phenomena appear to many, causing them to wonder about their source, coming as illusions or miracles never seen before, mystifying people’s senses with what reason cannot understand, leading some to think they are sent by their God with a purpose to know, trust and obey Him in some subtle way.

Schaman:  If God decided humans should know all things, never denying them the total knowledge hidden in Creation, miracles would never be needed, giving no wonderments to worship, and they could declare themselves His equal in every way, needing nothing from Him, no direction from His wisdom, freeing everyone to rely on themselves, their philosophy, to direct their lives. 

Able:  But could they resolve the problem of human mortality with knowledge resolving all their other unanswered questions? 

Muggins:  Science promises to discover the key to immortality and eternal life.

Minerva:  God encodes us with no key for living forever on earth, providing no means for immortality here and tempts no one to think differently.

Schaman:  God uses miracles to capture people’s attention, creating them with senses to perceive everything they encounter, endowing them with the dubious gift of reason, waiting to confuse their instincts and intuition, and no one escapes the wonderment of miracles. 

Pyrrho:  People’s reason varies, making interpretations of miracles unique and confusing the purpose of their appearance. Without reason instincts direct beasts to avoid known and unknown dangers.  

Able:  Science will eventually reveal all creation’s mysteries so God will no longer need miracles to attract our attention. Until then, miracles are essential to quell human anxieties, and are unneeded for beasts which never have to reason their needs may never be met. 

Azusa:  Prophets come as miracles sent by God. People test them, asking them to perform wonders to be interpreted as miracles beyond any ability of other humans. Prophets are recognized by witnesses who claim miracles for feats necessary to awaken people’s innate knowledge of God, telling them there is more to their existence, calling on their reason to trust the Creator.

Muggins:  Without reason humans would never face dilemmas or disappointments, and suffering pain would only be an inherent protection for their lives, lasting intermittently to allow healing.

Schaman:  From what did religious intellectuals develop doctrines and dogmas on demons, the Day of Judgment, heaven and hell, angels, and the concept of a divine savior? None of these are described in God’s message of goodness with its beauty and established with His love. Convictions of evil are inconsistent with His goodness and require belief in misfits He would have had to create, God being the Creator of everything and everyone, making Creation’s goodness a myth. Scribes, using their free will, develop convictions of evil based on anything defying human wants and desires, transforming God’s message to satisfy their readers. Reason has its purpose.

Muggins:  Use drugs to abolish all wants and desires, reducing our activities to expression of instincts, innate means for survival never meant to facilitate anything one’s God breathed into beasts to make them humans. Drugs are part of nature, created for beasts to keep them as intended to be and discovered by humans seeking to rejoin animals by disabling their souls.

Schaman:  Humans are never satisfied with God’s determination of what drugs should consist of, seeking ways to augment their effects, tinkering with their chemical composition to produce strengths that interfere with their instincts and threaten their will to live.

Muggins:  Drugs have their purpose, blanketing our minds to make existence bearable, enabling the fittest to survive, trusting that’s all there is.

Able:  Why must return to God our Creator be so difficult, believing it requires salvation on His conditions, terms people think they know, reasoned and developed by trusted religious doctrines? Are any sacred dogmas reliable, believing sinful thoughts and activities sends humans to hell for eternal torture, or to endure everlasting punishment consisting of a series of rebirths to exist where they lived before, believing the world is a chamber designed for evil, tempting its inhabitants where sin is unavoidable, or perhaps humans are destined for some form of purgatory where people’s evil thoughts and deeds are washed away, cleansing them where cleaning by water in life failed? Humans can trust salvation’s solution is to escape the world’s fate of existence by complete denial of its goodness, beauty and love, living as hermits, begging for nothing more than needs for survival. 

Muggins:  Prophets we hear and believe to be incarnations of deities, avatars coming to earth, when dying, usually by being slain, claim return to their home in heaven, bolstered with illusions ripened by drugs

Schaman:  How they get here requires greater imagination. Believer’s God empowers some spirit to impregnate a woman by mental transmission, conceiving an embryo by His Word, depositing it as a divine person in her womb to become a god or a prophet for delivering His message. Such beliefs develop religions. Read to know how they develop.

Pyrrho:  Ruling lords fear incarnations of deities sent by God, coming to endanger their sovereignty, and they will search and destroy anyone coming with His credentials. 

Schaman:  O for fearlessness to set us free.

Muggins:  Prophets proclaim: Truth will set us free, but their truths confine our freedoms to obeying their doctrines and dogmas. With more edicts we lose more freedom and what good is free will, telling us it is some God’s gift to use, with laws abounding to squelch everything we dream and hope to achieve? We are destined to be punished here and in the hereafter, never realizing fearlessness can set us free.

Minerva:  God doesn’t condemned humans to everlasting punishment here or in some place like hell. This conviction is the work of scribes thinking it’s appropriate for sinful people. Prophets faithfully delivering God’s message are not responsible because His words cannot be interpreted as anything other than telling of Creation’s goodness, beauty and love. 

Azusa:  Do pray without ceasing, focusing on nothing but to praise God for Creation’s goodness, thanking Him for its beauty infused with love, beseeching Him to reveal the clarity of His messages that have never been tampered by humans exercising their own wisdom, lofty judgments developed from experiences believed to make them know God, while disregarding the goodness of all He creates as the only way to know Him. 

Piety:  Amen. We must always rejoice without ceasing, asking nothing more from God, and give thanks for all things in Creation’s goodness. Nothing done can be claimed by my diligence nor happened through spontaneous chance, being in God’s plan for which I must rejoice always.

Pyrrho:  Followers seal bonds with their leaders by continuously chanting their favored person’s name, repeating praises to glorify and deify another human being, testifying to their belonging with convictions they favor, never acknowledging Creation’s goodness and virtues. If God knows our hearts, is it necessary to persistently warble His name to convince all who belong to Him and that we must acknowledge all the goodness of Creation? 

Able:  God expects more, commitment to spread His Word, evangelizing so others hear His message, preaching Creation’s goodness for everyone to know, and bring knowledge of His truth in our world of spiritual darkness. 

Schaman:  Reciting, no, more than that, chanting a prophet’s name over and over must bring one closer and closer to the divine, growing faith, instilling mercy and demanding justice for a petitioner with messages of belief, repeating I think I can. Disciples so inclined trust they are invested with authority to exercise powers of their deity. 

Muggins:  We can be mesmerized into a trance by repetitious acclamations, repeating mantras of I know I can, dismissing needs for any miracles, requiring none to deal with evils, demonic forces of evil spirits, entities developed by a God for reasons unknown. Are miracles necessary if He blesses Creation with nothing but goodness?

Pyrrho:  Never ridicule importance for a trance, emptying people’s consciousness to leave a vacuum, invoking kenosis to invite in nothingness, preparing space to welcome divine messages, emptying room for reason to flourish.

Muggins: If any God created us with reason, should people now suggest it be abandoned? With vacancy allowing no room for reason to guide our lives, one’s truths can only develop from inherent insights and intuition, promising there is nothing to erase from memories developed by reason, and return us to our nothingness at birth. 

Azusa:  God’s prophets, delivering His message, are assaulted by philosophy and seduced by reason to interpret and transform His Word, leaving only remnants to prevail, satisfying people’s desire for self-realization to acquire wants while continuing to embrace spirituality without any orthodox religion demanding restrictive morality, repetitive ritual, and claims of being the only way of salvation and eternal life. 

Muggins:  Humans have free will and can choose to be liberated from dependence and reliance on some God or any god, never becoming an accomplice to any deity on an island isolated from all others. No one can exist with any God; all are unable to meet His standards. Your God of Creation rewards our existence with disappointments, and magnifying it with pain increases our suffering, thinking it is never enough.

Able:  We know God sends prophets with His message and witnessing their death as martyrs testifies to sacrificing His special humans for everyone’s love, for compassion and forgiveness of sins, transcending our world to save all He creates, revealing He is our suffering servant.

Muggins:  Don’t prophets know they will be ridiculed and killed for delivering any God’s message? Ones true to Him, never modifying His messages to please people, never last long, even with short-term missions. 

Azusa:  God rewards them all, ones perhaps suffering agony for brief moments, martyrs faithfully following His directions.

Muggins:  Without self-interest we are nothing, bearing indifference to everyone and all things, freeing us from suffering disappointments that require self-sacrifice. I choose self-interest to make me something.

Minerva:  We have inherent healing powers, innate capacities placed by God, and trust in Him releases them to dispel our sufferings manifested as disappointments, acknowledging self-interest is powerless to heal.

Pyrrho:  You must not trust any power for self-interest’s positive thinking.

Minerva:  Not if it is self-empowerment, overriding inherent healing processes placed by God.

Muggins:  Scribes give prophets names identifying them as empowered, declaring God is with them, Sons of God, enlightened ones, Saviors, shining lights, laudable, and sinless, aggrandizing them with virtues acclaiming self-interests of human deities.

Pyrrho:  Many people groups claim God sends them His only prophet, and contest any different prophets sent to others, denying their credentials as authorized by Him and identify them as only seers or disciples of false prophets. 

Muggins:  Many are blessed in having an only true prophet.

Minerva:  God selects prophets to be pilgrims, following His directions on the path to the celestial city, encountering obstacles intended to bar their way, difficulties presenting as wants and desires, but trusting in transcendental wisdom never discovered as human understandings developed by self-interest, His pilgrims are intent on fully comprehending Creation’s goodness, beauty and love.

Azusa:  I am directed to be a prophet and never to be more. God continues to designate people as prophets, but many want to become divine, proclaiming as deities they have rights to establish truth.

Minerva:  People must investigate each prophet’s credentials, validating claims made for them, whether they include messages from God with authenticity for His Words authorized by synods organized to document His commands and by designated councils to judge their convictions. They also identify wayward heretics trusting in themselves for development and control of prophets’ claims, deciding what one must believe before accepting any person as an only Son of God sent to represent God's interests in His Creation.

Muggins:  Humans claiming to be God’s Son have never told us any more of His nature than mythologists posing as philosophers.

Schaman:  If God selects prophets to deliver messages containing His hidden secrets, authorizing them to educate humans on His eternal truths, instructing them on where they came from, why they are here, and what destiny awaits them at the conclusion of their sojourn on earth, why would He create another God, lesser than Him, and send Him here to appear as an apparition disguised as a human being? Indeed, He could send a Holy Emissary, never needing to appear as a human bearing His messages. Some suggest this messenger is a divine apparition and call it the Holy Ghost. No one needs another God if they can depend on a holy phantom.

Pyrrho:  Prophets God chooses can tempt people to call them God by naïvely asking who do you think I am?

Muggins:  Some anxious to be called God ask others who do you think I am. Do they need others to define their existence, hoping they will be confirmed a deity? Still unsure of their identity, however, some tell people becoming believers to maintain secrecy and trust no others with this conviction of knowing the Son of God.

Minerva:  What sort of person declares being God? Only rulers who claim the pinnacle of human success and reach out for unattainable immortality, waiting to have their dreams shattered by death, revealing the tragedy of their illusions.

Pyrrho:  God reveals more to convince people of His prophets’ messages by throwing in myths of humans’ resurrection so people would believe in Him as the Creator and Mover of all. No human declaring oneself to be God ever possessed powers of resurrection.

Muggins:  Authors of myths must be hidden, protected from reason’s examination, so all messages claimed to be from a God must be fictitious, unreal and glorious with light, purity, beneficence, fragrancy and sanctity.

Pyrrho:  Prophets bearing myths develop rituals for remembrance, coveting many to keep their illusions alive, knowing rituals outlast irrational myths.  

Able:  Prophets proclaim God's Word makes flesh, creating living bodies. Does God's messenger bring His Word again to sanctify flesh He created, using His Word to make His prophets flesh unique, different from all others He creates?

Muggins:  If a God makes everything and all humans good as He proclaims, why must anyone be sanctified, acknowledging some piece of goodness is missing? Is sanctification some way to improve on goodness?

Pyrrho:  We are taught to expect a Savior soon, correcting deficiencies in our goodness by one reappearing in a second coming, returning as a prophet long dead, resurrected and living, waiting for a time chosen by God.

Minerva:  Each of God’s messengers is a Savior, coming in forms He expects people to accept, and He doesn’t need to resurrect one who has failed and died.

Pyrrho:  If humans are born to live in sin, their resurrection to sin again would convince no one that God’s prophets are messiahs or saviors.

Minerva:  We expect redeemers, perhaps calling them messiahs, coming at unknown times to fulfill all our hopes, trusting them to be greater than previous prophets, but people dismiss the importance of God’s messages, anticipating something further to make sense of Creation’s nonsense they reason for it to be.

Azusa:  God’s messages expects us to use reason and free will to know Him, but they rely on nonsense to blame the goodness of Creation for evil, making accusations that demonic powers creep into the cosmos to tarnish His goodness with depravity. To eliminate evil, no excuse can be made that demonic powers are responsible for this conclusion humans make. Mythmakers deceive humans with nonsense and offer no way to destroy powers of their illusions.

Muggins:  Makers of legends create numerous saviors to destroy satanic forces responsible for Creation’s evil, giving humans many myths to choose from.

Azusa:  My life serving God as a prophet is embellished many ways, adding fictitious accounts of my deeds, some to make me more than a prophet, others to mythologize my activities. Coming as God's servant I never claim to be a sage, magician or miracle worker, because these titles detract from His calling, ordaining me to be only a prophet.

Minerva:  Humans are urged to become like God, never to become God the One and only, for He is the only Creator of all, and no human can become another God, but many claim to be a god, deifying themselves or elevated to a God by others. It is written by scribes motivated by their imaginations to tell people their bodies are gods, filled with both good and evil ones to control their lives, gods like humans with all their passions and vices.

Pyrrho:  The myth enabling God’s Word to make flesh, promising we can become gods, perpetuates a prophetic message deifying us through our flesh.

Able:  Knowing oneself enables us to know God, and by knowing God one can become like him. Humans look to many sources for knowing God, to confirm we are sons of God and have Him as part of us, authorizing us to become gods and endow us with their potential, if not now at least in some future time. 

Muggins:  Scribes tell humans: Ye are gods; you are all children of the most high. With this myth people can define themselves by freely reasoning their thoughts and actions.

Pyrrho:  The ultimate myth promises humans a destiny of theosis rather than merely redemption, driven by divine intentionality instead of restoration of a fallen universe. Humankind does not just return to its original condition but is exalted with the potential for deification, changing people to have more than a relationship with God, like His trusted prophet before being resurrected. 

Azusa:  Humans wonder why they live on earth without any explanation until they understand it is to prepare them for life in heaven, to be perfected in order to rejoin God.

Pyrrho:  Philosophical theologians convince humans that working out one’s salvation is theosis, working on becoming gods, to become like God Himself so we can be united with Him. This idea flounders through as a theory until it disappears as a myth.

Minerva:  Myths are things spoken but unproven. If you believe in a Big Bang myth, creating everything from nothing, anything created from nothing remains a nothing, including you who must be a mythical figure. If God's Word becomes flesh when He creates a person, making one a son of God but never a God, infusing one with the spirit of humanity and preserving the architecture of His Work, never destroying the spirit with flesh carrying it during its time on earth, is it a myth on par with a scientist’s philosophic theory?

Pyrrho:  The Big Bang theory allows us to be what we are, created by chance with fortune protecting the fittest for survival, never made in a Creator’s mythical unknown image while lasting only by nature’s rules.

Azusa:  We are made in the image of God, testifying to our spirit created by His Word and not to flesh’s brief endurance. 

Pyrrho:  People needing to explain their creation begin by developing myths, thinking of someone they can call God and do whatever is necessary to know Him, assigning Him traits they can understand, choosing essential virtues for Him, pretending He is like them, able to bond with them and form a relationship. They need to define someone who is worthy of being divine to create as their God, one who will understand their need to comprehend existence. Prophets appearing satisfy human longings to find what they have hoped for, describing a God reaching out to people as a savior and redeemer, claiming Him as the God they have been waiting for, prophets being messiahs sent to introduce humans to God, prophets believed to be God coming to earth as humans. 

Minerva:  Prophets are never a Messiah or the one and only God. They are merely messengers broadcasting God's Word, His proclamations all have heard before, delivered by the Holy Spirit and ignored, dismissed as unimportant imaginary illusions. Prophets sent by God never should claim to be Him, transformed to enter the world temporarily as a human being so people can know Him. People desperate to have God walking among them deify prophets to satisfy their needs. Humans worship prophets considered to be divine until they discover someone new preaching more inviting words, leaving forgotten prophets discarded in the bin of mythology.

Muggins:  Humans understand a God only by becoming equal to Him, claiming trust in theosis to become divine and know what He is and thinks. People decipher thoughts of philosopher-theologians to begin their adventures in theosis, revealing ways to develop their myths.

Able:  I never want intellectual scholars to consider who I am, and I will never ask anyone their thoughts on my becoming like a God.  People waste time imagining who they are and how they want to be thought of. God decides what He wants me to be and I won't interfere with His plans, agonizing how to reshape myself to make me someone people will honor as greater than He designs me to be. Therefore, I will never ask you or others: Who do you think I am?

Minerva:  Prophets ask people, Who do you think I am? Don't they know who they are? Is such questioning made to strengthen their imaginations of being someone more important than they are? A person fantasizing on being like God seeks others to confirm this illusion is true. Some never need confirmation by others, reasoning it can be done by themselves. True prophets are careful in not claiming to be God. Those that do fail to win massive followings. Rejecting notions of being divine, they realize gods suffer more ridicule and rejection than people of reason. Humans worship mere gods until reason destroys their credentials and leaves them to be studied as objects of myths.

Pyrrho:  How should people respond on hearing: Acknowledge me as a prophet who is sent by God with His messages and commissions me to preach His Word for all to hear?

Minerva:  Listen and take heart to discern its content. Ask for no miracles or magical illusions to prove their words are God’s. Miracles are hidden within humans where they never look. All life is a miracle taken for granted and is magnified by the addition of a spirit’s soul to make one a human being. Asking for more miracles invites scholars to conjure up more myths.

Muggins:  Prophet’s one wish is for humans’ return to their Creator, to unite with their God for eternity, to satisfy their yearning for everlasting life, and scribes fashion myths for that to happen.

Minerva:  Memories of some prophets persist after their death, promising their return, saying it will be soon but give no definite time, claiming it will be a decision made in God’s time. After several millennia hope for some to return is not lost, and self-styled sages make predictions that their saviors will return on specific dates, but their forecasts invariably fail. Creating prophets to be messiahs promising to return continues, and people remain patient, never giving up on their hope for years to come, never considering their hopes are based on a myth.

Muggins:  If prophets chosen and sent by a God fail to seal His mandates, why should they return and fail again rather than have Him empower someone different for the task? 

Pyrrho:  If time doesn’t exist for any theologian’s and philosopher’s God, how can anything happen in His timelessness? 

Minerva:  God’s sends prophets with the essential function to bear His message, confirming He is Creation’s designer and author, revealing knowledge of its goodness and beauty imprinted with His love. He instructs no one on developing new social orders, as imagined by religious philosophers who believe more should be added to His Words by relying on human reason for their interpretation.

Muggins:  Human hopes depend on illusions, requiring trust in myths which come in many forms favoring people’s aspirations, and when myths fail to establish power and glory for conquering their fears and enemies, humans rework their imaginations to develop new illusions and construct new myths, revising their convictions in order to develop new religions.

Pyrrho:  You surprise me, discerning people’s ways more than I thought possible. Myths persist on how people greet prophets with messages for developing new religions, jubilantly celebrating their arrival with triumphant fanfare, spreading out carpets for their holy feet, welcoming their humility and virtues, expecting them to be unforgiving of traitors ignoring God’s truth, wiping out heretical deceptions, delivering justice to clean thoughts instilled from previous prophets, clearing out radical beliefs by destroying their foundations, eliminating pagans’ pollution of vagrant believers. People following some prophets never accuse God of being cruel and heartless for clearing His holy ground of superstitious beliefs and practices, trusting His ways are the epitome of kindness and generosity, convinced their prophets’ love for God and actions are faithful to His message. 

Muggins:  Prophets’ presumed virtuous attributes conflict with their evident daily thoughts and actions, suggesting their questionable piety tarnishes any obedience for their God, hardly admitting they battle to preserve His truth, claiming their truth is His truth, never considering His message of goodness is essential in their lives. Prophets wage holy wars to preserve their truths, proclaiming them to be their God’s truths. 

Pyrrho:  Optimists expect their prophet’s return as a Savior and Redeemer, coming back to the world from death, reappearing to ensure believers’ salvation, signaling the sinful world’s destruction, believing God restores life for His followers in a new kingdom ruled by God with His mighty goodness. 

Azusa:  Prophets come and proclaim: Truth will set you free, God’s truth, but they must convince everyone His truth is pure and simple, the goodness of His Creation arrayed in beauty and bearing His love, filled with compassion for all, protecting everything from people’s freedom unleashed.

Muggins:  Deplorably gullible people trust prophet’s messages are commissioned by their God when the bearers engage in magic to persuade listeners of being sent by Him.

Pyrrho:  Prophets are questionable agents bearing God’s messages, never equipped with His authority, control and power, trusting their self-claimed license, never chosen by God for anything; people realize prophets have no control or power to enforce His will. Call them Lord as God’s followers must, but they are no more than sons of God for humans believing He created them. 

Muggins:  Can one called Lord, possessing authority, control and power, being humble and anxious to be exalted, associating with others disgraced by their nothingness, attract followers, trusting in their worthiness to be magnified? Such prophets change many people’s directions, rewriting truths to produce a new page in mythology.

Piety:  Creation’s goodness allows nothing disgraced by nothingness, such never being created by God having graced everything with existence, but some cheapen the grace they receive, accepting only what they choose.

Minerva:  Reason never allows anyone to recognize a messenger from God, calling them all false prophets. Know false prophets by their errant deeds, producing signs claimed to be miracles, for how else can they convince skeptics to trust them as more than apparitions formed by wayward imaginations. Others claiming to be final prophets predict all things will soon pass away before our eyes, but God plans no destruction for His Creation and knows He must continue sending prophets until people receive and begin to live true to His message. God’s trustworthy prophets admit they don’t know when humans begin to join God and truly exist with Him. 

Muggins:  Scribes develop talents to grab our attention, writing myths to make people laugh and cry, producing illusions to distract us from reality, deceiving us with magic to seize and stifle our reason. They always find ways to deal with prophets.

Azusa:  Only God creates prophets, ordaining them from conception, filling their souls with the Holy Spirit, preparing them with humility, sending them into the wilderness for people to seek and hear God’s message, and understand His Words ringing with unmodified Truth, more reliable than ones imbedded in sanctuaries of stone. 

Schaman:  When prophets with God’s message vanish like all humans, myths develop of them becoming gods or a God, with people claiming they were pre-existent and incarnated to appear on earth after being supernaturally conceived and miraculously born to live sinless, coming with a redemptive purpose, to be a savior of humans, all-knowing and all-seeing, deified and everlasting.

Pyrrho:  Humans deify their favorite prophets, developing tales of how they heal incurables, revive the dead, control nature so vegetation sprouts or withers on command, as well as other marvels convincing us of their powers to save people for eternal life. 

Muggins:  Mythmakers cleverly characterize people’s suitability for being a messenger for their God, transmitting His messages with no foregone conclusions or preconceived ideas, predetermining nothing, and never obstinate in following one’s ego. So, it appears their God wants prophets common and unadorned, mavericks ready to terrorize aristocratic religious leaders ruling by decrees and doctrines, that their ways may be exposed. 

Pause four
Return to contents

Azusa:  If God we worship is unknown and mysterious, an indescribable Supreme Being, we cannot know Him in any way except in terms of being like us, being created in His image, while trusting He is unlike us in being omniscient, omnipotent and omnipresent, eternal and everlasting which we hope to inherit with salvation. Unbelievers accepting this is only a legend will never be heirs to anything, but the fate promised by their myths of nothingness.

Pyrrho:  God’s prophets bring His message of goodness, but people admit they can’t comply, falling far short of His expectations, so they imagine ways to cleanse themselves by using beasts to carry their sins away, scapegoats sent into the wilderness out of sight and mind. Others immerse themselves in bodies of water to carry their soil of living away. How can God accept these symbols of purification for humans never sincerely living up to His expectations? 

Able:  We know no better way for purification than by the counsel of our religious leaders.

Azusa:  Some prophets have credentials of existing with God and His angels before their birth, so when they appear in human form as one knowing God, they could tell others what He is like. Scribes writing that humans are made in His image then use every honoring word to describe Him. 

Muggins:  Consider beasts which know no sin, never being taught by a companion lord of beasts what constitutes sin, never shamed by sinfulness on receiving a breath from God to make them human by infusion of His spirit, giving them no reason to distrust their instincts, subjected subsequently to be considered iniquities, making them sinners. Humans torment themselves, searching for ways to be sinless, to return to the beasts they were, clearing away their suffering disappointments, no longer able to create myths, fables responsible for suffering disappointments.

Minerva:  God’s proclamation of Creation’s goodness emphasized by prophets directs humans evolving from a beast how to exercise empathy and kindness for others, to live by rules prescribed by religious doctrines they develop, dogmas of gold standards demanding proper conduct, doing nothing to others what you would never wish to suffer yourself. God commands this and it has nothing to do with people’s myth-making ability.

Able:  Admonish no one by repaying evil with evil, raising up evil that comes only from you, confessing evil cannot come from Creation’s goodness, knowing it comes only from our will, freely developing it to satisfy us. 

Azusa:  Indeed. God’s commands us to hate no one and love our enemies, to repay injury with kindness and treat everyone as you would want them to treat you. Well said are golden rules but more often they become tarnished, neglected and forgotten. 

Muggins:  We are born free, unencumbered by any golden rules stifling our freedom, jeopardizing our free will, and waiting to condemn our choices. 

Pyrrho:  Prophets bringing a message of only one Supreme Being, militantly denying any other God, and commanding destruction of belief for followers of other religions, exterminate all who disobey their deity.

Minerva:  You speak of messages bearing words never authorized or sent by God, relaying communication of myths developed by flimsy human reason.

Pyrrho:  People look to you for wisdom, expecting gems of truth, hidden from understanding, measured out at your discretion, and you carefully unveil them because you know how fragile they are.

Muggins:  Minerva’s wisdom is based on unsettled verities that begin or end as myths.

Pyrrho:  Wisdom begins as suggestions, ripening to theories by ardent mental manipulations, and matures into fragile truths for acceptance as wisdom.

Muggins:  Thankfully, suggestions usually die unnoticed, suffering from their proponent’s lack of zeal.

Pyrrho:  But look at arduous efforts for bringing suggestions to theories and successfully forcing them into truths, trusting they remain verities for the lifetime of their protagonists, bestowing them with honor during their earthly interim.

Muggins:  History testifies to all once-held human truths becoming myths. Some begin as myths only to return to their source.

Pyrrho:  Wisdom based on ever-changing truths subject to relentless efforts of time has no chance of lasting. The eternal cycling of myths to truth and wisdom continues, predictably revolving back to myths. 

Minerva:  You understand reality which is why humans must accept and implement God’s messages proclaiming the only eternal truths. What can one discern from any stage of knowledge circling through the myth-suggestion-theory-truth-wisdom-myth cycle? God’s truth-based wisdom is eternal and protected by the absence of time.

Muggins:  These myths go on and on. Human reason stops the cycle where it can call all human-derived reports myths. 

Minerva:  You explain why God continues to send prophets with His message, knowing humans act on their reason to treat whatever unknown as myths. 

Pyrrho:  How can God and His activities, develop eternal truths and wisdom that can never change in His timeless realm, place them in our world of time and expect them to remain unchanged and eternal. They will inevitably change and lose importance if humans can reason.

Muggins:  Perhaps any God’s existence is subject to time, and thoughts He isn’t is human speculation and just another myth. 

Pyrrho:  Humans’ first impressions of God in their image picture Him as changing like us until philosophers and theologians think otherwise, reasoning He must be different, unchanging, compelling Him to exist outside of time. Expect scholars, although reasoning He must be like us, reject myths He is a changing Supreme Being. 

Muggins:  Where does that place Him in our changing cycle?

Pyrrho:  He is placed where He is by human reason, by our thinking as well as our hoping. 

Muggins:  We cannot live on bread alone like beasts surrounding us. Myths make life endurable and we have reason’s ability to make them possible. With hope we imagine all things possible, using myths to develop its foundation.

Schaman:  Prophets’ words telling people they do not live on bread alone subject them to live by tyrants’ rules, turning decrees into required sustenance for being.

Minerva:  Prophets tell people they cannot live by bread alone, but they forget having no bread to exist affects many, making their existence dependent on other humans, suggesting they would cease living if they relied upon philosophical reasoning instead of essential nourishment. Once beasts conformed to the world, humans were transformed by God breathing in His spirit and they had to discover they were no longer conformed to the world and were instructed on how to prepare for a better home. Would God put us in a paradise where the world was never changing and expect us to evolve from a beast without struggling to tame our carnal instincts? He gives us possibility to be different, sending many prophets bearing a message for us to know and accept Him, but they with their disciples reason new truths for us to accept, and they confuse all by changes with each new prophet, and put off any quest for harmony. 

Pyrrho:  Possibility depends on change. What can we hope for from an eternal overseer, a God who is unchanging and cannot alter our fate that depends on change?

Minerva:  You can’t trust anything to believe, embracing only nothingness from your reason’s conclusions, judging myths never justify baseless hope, so why do you exist, being a biological mistake created with useless reason?

Muggins:  Instincts can satisfy all my wants and desires, bringing me happiness that evades reason’s endeavors, and the more I rely on reason the greater is my suffering, agonizing over conclusions of nothingness. With my instincts satisfied I need no more.

Pyrrho:  Prayer asks God for permission to define ourselves, seeking His mercy to authorize our desires, but on giving us license with our instincts, why should He create us with reason to question what we already have? Was He bored with creatures He made, and seeking something for amusement He created beasts with reason to develop the human comedy?

Muggins:  All Gods develop the human comedy so they can stand by and watch people destroy themselves, blaming them as culprits for destroying their Creation, alleviating Himself of responsibility for sacrificing all forms of life. Humans are innocent, however, following reason’s direction innately placed at their creation, authorizing ignorance to justify life’s destruction. Reason legitimizes sacrifice of living individuals, crippling human’s instinct of self-preservation. Exercising our inherent reason, we can use the excuse: God made me do it.

Minerva:  Test each prophet’s words not only by what is written but by their agreement with eternal truths, consistent with would be expected of God. His truths, unwritten but remembered from oral traditions, should never be dismissed because they were never established as some religion's canon.

Piety:  From the beginning, if humans trust God creates everything, believing He leaves His spirit of goodness in all, why should only some things be sacred and designated for worship? Reasoning goodness for all requires protection for nothing, maintaining everything as sacred.

Muggins:  Any God-given reasoning ability proclaiming goodness for Creation’s entirety is a myth. 

Pyrrho:  Humans need legends to exist and provide hope. Myths serve an important purpose until we can reason to need no more.

Muggins:  Can we reason any other way to maintain hope upon losing any means to sustain our dreams to survive and never disappear into oblivion’s eternal nothingness?

Minerva:  God always provides, and we must continue trusting Him. His persistent care for us is evident in messages He sends, equipping human prophets with divine energy to perform miracles and convey His Words, subduing remnants of human’s beastly spirits, giving them peace and humility. 

Pyrrho:  Believing God is divine energy that can create everything with His Words, endowing us with our being and trusting humans have never seen Him except in flames, some worship fire as the vehicle of His energy, never accepting His constitution as resembling ours, acknowledging His divinity’s energy as the only basis for Creation.

Minerva:  People trust God's hand in nature, understanding He never creates anything and allows it to exist without perpetual attention. We can’t reason how mere divine energy, without God’s direction can manage our existence, knowing uncontrolled energy destroys and He must continue to send prophets until all of us comprehend His ways more completely. 

Piety:  Prophets appear with God's direction for us to recognize and rely on His truths, activating what He deposits in our souls before our thoughts sense any to alter by human reason. 

Minerva:  Expect prophets to continue coming as long as people disregard needs to believe in eternal truths and respect judgment on what God asks them to do, and never trust importance of acts over belief. We must be moved by prophets to awaken His knowledge defining our being, rousing us from contented sleep and germinating seeds of goodness inherent within us.

Pyrrho:  I use reason for its purpose, to redefine me from the nothingness I came with, to fill in the void surrounding my instincts. Endowment with reason is my eternal truth.

Minerva:  Reason equips people to mangle God's verities, forcing Him to send new prophets to remind everyone of His eternal truths. Humans tinker with His messages, however, developing dogmas claimed to be heard from the Holy Spirit, telling them their imaginations are acceptable, convincing them of doctrines insuring protection against evil beings, forces battling against purity, waging conflicts bent on destroying the truth of God's light and establishing supremacy for darkness.

Pyrrho:  Reasoned understandings to scholarly interpret God’s messages convince us we can do better with our minds, never needing another human’s illusions.

Azusa:  Even if a prophet is believed to be the Son of God, accepted as His only Son, bringing God’s message of Creation’s goodness and beauty established by His love, humans find ways to trample on His decrees and commands by modifying them with dogmatic doctrines. All God's people are sanctified by giving them life, leading some to believe they become gods by virtue of being His offspring, but there is only one God and no human being can ever become a lord except over one's wants and desires. 

Minerva:  God tells us only as much as we are equipped to believe, never expecting us to understand more than we can comprehend. No one is forced to believe anything beyond their ability to accept His truths. Humans believing in God need no dogmas for ensuring salvation and its promise of eternal existence. People believing in God without religious dogmas are not atheists nor are they agnostics, and being the crown of Creation they trust His Words declaring His works are good and beautiful, all worthy of protection, deserving for His most noble achievement.

Pyrrho:  I am fully equipped to develop my beliefs, having a mind to reason how all things are. I can’t imagine how further development could improve my understanding for anything. Seeing what is evident and hearing anyone’s words is all I need to reason what my existence is about.

Able:  Acknowledge God’s plan takes eons to evolve, His ever-unfolding scenario changing in unrecognizable ways to better the cosmos. Until God decides humans are ready to be given full understanding, they must accept His way to be holy with their thoughts, words and deeds, acknowledging holiness and purity require God’s assistance and He guides us with Words entrusted to His messengers. You are a long way from there.

Minerva:  God creates us with a conscience to remind all we are a long way from there. Never ignore what it reports, leaving one in darkness, unable to recognize His eternal truths.

Azusa:  For witnessing goodness and expressions of His beauty God provides us an energy, producing a temple of fire to enable the best for our existence, engaging us to hear His messages. How can we know virtuous thoughts, words, and deeds but from Him? Seeking completion by knowing God's great freely offered knowledge, we gain His wisdom by reaching out to understand His message and acknowledge Creation’s goodness and beauty.

Muggins:  I quench the fire of any provocations of my conscience or imaginary soul, dousing it with contempt because its flames destroy my wants and desires, leaving only good-for-nothing ashes from which hope can never arise. 

Pyrrho:  Only myths promise good things to spring from ashes and equip imaginary sources for hoped-for goodness, assuring great expectations to strive for.

Azusa:  Reason convicts you that one’s goodness is discarded in forgotten ashes. Others deciding to reason fail to support Creation’s goodness and wishing to satisfy one’s conscience should render us to be holy, virtuous and one of God's beloved, assured of being a child of our Creator and become one of His beloved. He creates our desire to be sanctified through laudable thoughts and deeds.  Be confident we can hope more from Him than from reasoning others, from God the Creator and sustainer of goodness. 

Able:  I know He is the only uncreated Supreme Being, wholly wise, benevolent and good, the Creator and protector of all truth.

Minerva:  True prophets’ messages teach us to believe in a single God, one Divine Spirit to obey for practicing faith in a Supreme Being, but people worship many gods and selection of one from many destroys any acknowledgement for only one God. People don’t trust a single God identified by His chosen prophets for bringing witness to Him when scribes garble His messages, freely modifying them to conform with human ideas, claiming they deliver God's chosen Words.

Schaman:  If God creates us, forming our body and spirit by His Word, we are all His children, none chosen to be special, other than selecting some as prophets to deliver His messages and interact with us to meet our needs, but why does He allow scribes to alter His Words for satisfying our wants and desires if God provides everything we need?

Minerva:  People never cease worshipping other gods to provide their needs, never trusting God’s final Word telling them there is only one Supreme Being, confirming the pantheism suggested by scribes, colonies of gods with human attributes responsible for good and evil. Trust no wisdom except in God’s messages.

Pyrrho:  People ridicule all God’s prophets, accusing each one of maliciously spreading heresy with new gospels, and His messages never survive intact; scholars eventually modify them to comply with human wishes.

Schaman:  Prophets claimed to be sent by God, revealing things no one knows, convincing onlookers with unbelievable miracles, performances all skeptics distrust, call on magicians to deceive all with illusions, one wonder after another, and must be ridiculed as wizards charming people with their magic.

Azusa:  Prophets coming after me may not acknowledge my teachings of God’s message, trusting them not to be sent by God, probably because our messages from Him have been ignored or mutilated so people continue going about living their own way, not His.

Able:  True prophets always look up, anticipating messages from God rather than consulting humans offering opinions rather than truths.

Azusa:  Prophets sent by God encounter magicians whose performances as makers of magic convince many of their powers, seeming to seldom result in failure, and His messengers must expose fraudulent prophets claiming to be ordained with divine powers. 

Pyrrho:  With reason and free will you claim God gives us, we need no further help from Him, no prophets bearing His messages, trusting Creation’s goodness provides for all.

Azusa:  Are you a philosopher believing in rational deism, trusting God created the world but has no interest in how humans direct their activities? Being one of God's prophets, I listen to His messages and they all concern our lives, speaking to direct our thoughts and deeds. Through His bounteous force, sometimes called creative emanation or the Holy Spirit, inherently indwelling and apparent to all accepting souls, God avails Himself to interact with us. Humans stumbling in confusion believe His spirit is in everything but only people are endowed with His God-given Holy Spirit, thereby creating them to be the crown of Creation. 

Pyrrho:  Expect confusion. Prophets appear who scholars declare is God without true flesh, or God in a human body, or as a godlike entity who is never equal with the one and only God. Other prophets claim to be adopted by God, making them His sons, unique as His only sons and thereby worthy of worship. Skeptics distrust these variations and scholars declare most are false. Is it heresy to deny existence of one God, a single lord and creator of all, and believe in more than one deity, in pantheism?

Minerva:  False prophets appear, ignoring God and His creation of humans, never believing in their eternal existence, seeing only how life’s essence sprouts and grows; their reality is illusory, doomed, never restored and destined for nothingness. They believe in no soul, nothing inherent for returning to our Creator, all inevitably fated to complete oblivion, repudiating God's declaration of everything being created good, trusting everything suffers extinction, denying He plans on Creation’s destruction with development of something better, establishing a new heaven and earth. 

Pyrrho:  Scribes reason imagination develops stories and relies on consulting philosophers for their account. Messengers of illusion reason whys and wherefores for everything that happens.

Minerva:  Ones conscious of no wants, creating, giving and sustaining life, seeking nothing for its own, develop everything in accord with Creation’s goodness, beauty and love. Made in the image of God, humans are selfless, retain no memory of wrong doings, maintain spontaneity for obeying all of God’s directions, and truly follow all He makes us to be. Like for all nature, God creates humans to nourish, tend, shelter, comfort and protect all Creation. He is there to help us, telling us to fervently extol Creation’s virtues and commune with Him in prayer. He waits willingly ready for our welcome. For humans failing to understand His beckoning, He continues to send prophets with His messages. 

Pyrrho:  Your wisdom offers a grand illusion that humans frantically seek.

Muggins:  On giving up hope to receive understandings from a God, people frustrated at the nothingness of His messages have faith in scholars for developing unifying theories to explain everything,  

Minerva:  We may be disappointed, suffering with misunderstandings, but never forget God made us to unavoidably hunger for Him, the only transcendent Other existing within Creation. Our inherent trademark stamped by His doing, marking His ownership of us, waiting to awaken by His calling, assists dealing with illusions plaguing our perceptions mangling Creation’s goodness into things grotesque and morbid, distorting humans and their accomplishments by considering them supreme forms of art.

Azusa:  God walks among us, unfolding Creation’s goodness with messages written and delivered to our soul, beckoning us to follow His ways and honor plans He creates for us. His prophets tell us to pray, acknowledging we enter His presence to receive power against sins and difficulties, to walk and converse with Him, to give us peace of mind and trust Him with all things we encounter, knowing they represent His will for us. 

Minerva:  Prophets repeat truths said throughout ages past, telling humans: For the grace of God brings salvation appears to all men, and no one can admit they haven't heard it. 

Pyrrho:  Having heard it doesn’t make it true. People deify many prophets, telling masses to accept chosen ones as their God and never consider them human, that their mystery is together with God’s as they bring humans into being from non-existence, making them God coming down from heaven to reveal Himself, appearing in people’s flesh to be one with them. 

Muggins:  Pundits make it easy to choose, interchanging one letter to deify us and make one a deity, or eliminating one with defy to deny impediments blocking our will.

Able:  Prophets faithfully bring God’s messages and they include hints for understanding His Creation, showing humans how He fashions everything, encouraging all to learn more for blessing our lives. But do we ever learn this is to improve our existence rather than for creating evil to destroy one’s enemies? His messages, telling us to exist by honoring His love creating the beauty and goodness of Creation, receive only token attention in contrast to what human egos choose to be important. 

Piety:  Prophets tell us God is the I Am, and we must obey Him to become an I Am, never being His complete accomplishment by claiming I think therefore I Am. People’s ego stands in the way of becoming an I Am like God’s. 

Azusa:  People expect some prophets to be their Messiah, coming to transform them into a holy nation blessed by God, making everyone righteous so they can inherit their land forever, while others promise followers salvation by God, assuring their resurrection from death with restoration of their bodies and life everlasting with Him in heaven, a new home to come, replacing the present one destroyed because of corruption, unavoidable by the Fall polluting God’s Creation abundant with goodness, corrupting a paradise filled with beauty of His love. 

Minerva:  Do prophets recognize God’s design creates diversity with everything unique, giving all humans a self to distinguish them from others, and expect people to unify and live harmoniously with His all-others? God sends His prophets to show people how diversity can thrive in unity and exist in harmony with all Creation. God doesn’t create discord or evil forces, thinking to stir Creation’s pot and give us reason to believe we as well as others are so imperfect on being born in sin. The imagination of philosophers discredits God’s design by giving it a faulty foundation. 

Pyrrho:  With prophets telling humans God created them, reasoning it must be like people fabricating things, using the example of making pottery, people imagine God is a potter making living creatures out of clay, using one material to make another. Then to give people an invisible spirit He transforms a beast with His breath, blowing unseen energy into one to give it a different identity. When succeeding prophets are sent by God with different knowledge on creating humans, they trust existing stories how He creates them, and this persists until they learn to reason. 

Able:  Is God only pure energy, creating everything by it, realizing energy creates every material thing, every seen and unseen element composing what we sense, live and breathe? 

Azusa:  Pure energy is an illusion, spontaneously acting, needing no commands, and can do nothing on its own. There is no such thing. It requires direction.

Minerva:  What is the goodness God declares for Creation other than mandatory relationships inherent in everything, where no single thing, inanimate or living, exists to interact with nothing, with all things never existing in nothingness, without the energy He selects for its creation, realizing a lack of His energy precludes everything’s formation, and nothingness is not included in unity’s foundation. God’s goodness is based on love for which unity is essential, and He creates nothing lacking unity, establishing unity as the foundation for all reality, making His love universally incorporated equally for all.

Pyrrho:  How can your God then judge us, hating one while loving another, favoring some while ignoring others, determining vengeance is appropriate for breaking His laws while blessing ones obeying His mandates? 

Minerva:  Prophets never come with messages telling us He is like this. Humans create doctrines and dogmas giving Him this likeness. God sends messages for all people and they react to them in different ways, seeing many dismiss His intention for humans to acknowledge Creation’s goodness infused with beauty and love. Many responding faithfully to the essence of His Words, worshipping Him in their primitive ways, singing and dancing in joy, today’s religious leaders consider pagan because they develop no standards for worshipping orthodox doctrines and dogmas. Regarded as heretics by others believing themselves to be religious modernists, maligning them as ascetics moved by a spirit having no relationship with God, responding to what they imagine to be a Great Spirit, the Church considers them heathens.

Able:  Prophets came to ancient people, telling them of God, leaving them mystified when revealing their innate knowing of Him, reminding them of morality needed in the world, and how other worldliness becomes a promise to hope for. They developed taboos to institute morality and a sense of sacredness for what they believed God created.

Muggins:  We still have taboos, calling them doctrines and dogmas, eventually codifying them into philosophical edicts to remove remaining traces of their ignorance and reason away their absurdity, but they persist as illusions to live by.

Pyrrho:  God’s prophets promise mystical experiences, revealing the unknown by activating innate mysterious powers He places in one’s soul, encouraging humans to believe followers can become like God through deification. Human ignorance, knowing nothing about God, requires us to create Him in the only image we understand, ours. 

Minerva:  Prophets sent by God reveal He creates all with goodness in everything, with His love sparkling in Creation’s beauty, with mechanisms for healing, promising redemption for all, preserving Creation from loss, and they say nothing about deification suggested by philosophers.

Muggins:  People reaching for deification are victims of theological-philosopher’s illusions.

Azusa:  God’s life-sustaining messages, showing us how to live, confirm we can never live alone and be one to ourselves, because we are made to interact with others without which we suffer loneliness in solitary confinement, the cruelest punishment known, chosen only by people, dismissing the binding God creates for all. But some of His believers forget this when they reason to exclude others from their interactions with God by ignoring their needs or ending their lives. 

Pyrrho:  Some hoping to benefit from God’s promises, self-assured of being fulfilled, reach out to proclaim His messages, but when they fail to deliver, His promises wither and vanish as all illusions.

Muggins:  Humans trust and believe in prophets, many worshipping them as God, but they are never a God despite yearnings to be treated as such, making each prophet no more than another god, fulfilling their inherent need to discover Him, 

Pyrrho:  Believers create their own portfolio on God, developing individual concepts on His being in each one’s likeness, molded like Him. Because each person is unique, unlike any other, trusting God to be like oneself, everyone else becomes a misfit. Can humans ever be unified in believing what God is like? How can they receive and trust His message praising His truth that everything created bears His goodness, beauty and love? 

Azusa:  God’s messages bear true knowledge, reliable for human’s edification, but prophets and their disciples interpret them with their opinions, added to rationalize what He wants, believing they think like Him. 

Muggins:  His knowledge may bear eternal truth, but our time here changes any truths He could send us.

Piety:  If your words bear any honesty, we cannot expect it to exist in God’s eternal truth until we escape to His dominion outside of time, making our lives here a sham, a perversion of all our thoughts and deeds.

Pyrrho:  Where do prophets come from? Some claim they are incarnate transmigration of deities and many trust this to be true, but from which deities seeing how prophets don’t object when people minimize the importance of God’s messages. 

Muggins:  Prophets bring a God’s message of humans being created in His image and thus are all equal, but people don’t accept this and want diversity so some can be lords with others less worthy being servants. Can people be equals with great diversity if He creates us all in His image? Do we all bear His image, or did human’s culturally established traditions develop castes, formed to separate everyone as better and worse?  Can this ever transform anyone into His full likeness as a child of God?  

Pyrrho:  Is God’s goodness of beauty and love evident in Creation when people’s cultures maintain His formation of females unequal, disregarding His message? 

Able:  Prophets sometimes reluctantly part with their words, carefully pronouncing nothing to offend anyone and drive them away, and if people dismiss God’s messages as nonsense, prophets should never depart in disgust or anger with displeasure. 

Piety:  On understanding God’s message, reported unaltered by a prophet, believed without any trace of faithlessness, all things are possible, and one will see miracles, manifestations of goodness, in all Creation.

Pyrrho:  Free will is our miracle, allowing us to determine manifestations of goodness, to stamp rights on anything and claim possession, denying everything belongs to God and is distributed to faithful ones obeying His message. Free will can hardly accommodate goodness for Creation. 

Muggins:  How can any God trust a prophet retaining the right to exercise free will? All prophets He chooses maintain that right.

Azusa:  Prophets should expect no honors, benefits and congratulations for wonderful deeds, or for being chosen by God. Such must never be their only hope, trusting people’s eagerness to live God’s message. As a bearer of His Word, I implore all to accept its verity and honor His way to live by consuming its essence pouring out in abundance. 

Minerva:  Truly anointed ones should know God must send more prophets, seeing too few hearers ask: What should I do, realizing most decide this themselves, and prophets must continue to come repeating God’s message of what to do. Reflect on what your fathers did to His prophets, transforming God’s message so it could be ignored and forgotten, compelling Him to send more.

Azusa:  Prophets faithfully proclaiming God’s message are snatched away by vultures before fear drives them to modify it with blandishments to pacify listeners, realizing His Words can purge hearers of their settled ways. 

Muggins:  My settled ways provide comfort and I have no intention of changing them.

Piety:  People’s ways are never settled, being responsible for anxiety’s sufferings. Open your home for the Holy Spirit. Invite Him in with God’s messages.

Minerva:  God’s prophets tell us His spirit is most bountiful and magnificent, and we are taught to call it the Holy Spirit, through which His Word creates, giving us an innate portion for keeping, deposited in our soul when making us human beings and we have this now, perhaps without knowing until His prophets remind us, telling us of His helper always with us, an advocate for providing testimony from the Father. 

Pyrrho:  Prophets are all humans, never deified by God, supposedly commissioned to deliver His message, and humans claim some to be god’s, lords subservient to God and sanctified to be His messenger.   

Muggins:  Deifying a person, transforming one to become like a God, conflicting with one’s certain mortality, is the likes of which has never been seen.

Minerva:  When a prophet delivers God’s message, faithfully using it to reinforce His will and never submitting anything new, His ethics and morality persist for centuries, molding the character of believers through sacred scriptures, unaltered by scribes serving their free will. Scriptures faithfully bearing truths of God’s message, never embellished by scribes with their own thoughts, can’t serve well for philosophical attempts to deify any human being.

Azusa:  People want noble trustworthy individuals to bring God’s message but He doesn’t choose eminent ones, selecting instead reliable humans who seek nothing more than to please Him, chosen because they live to serve others, bearing God’s message of Creation’s inherent goodness, never wanting to be honored, but to do justly, love kindness and walk humbly with Him.

Minerva:  What does God call for, sending prophets one after another with His message of Creation’s goodness and its eternal beauty calling for everlasting love? He creates the basis for everlasting love by developing everything for interactions and only humans with free will can choose to love by interacting with all. God succeeds when His message convicts humans to spread His Word, making this more important than retreating to a sanctuary’s refuge for producing doctrines. His pleasure is evident when interacting with others in love surpasses everything else scribes write to be important in dogmas. 

Azusa:  God’s goodness implores people to forgive one another, without any expected and exacted preconditions, to exercise the beauty of His love, to carry out His message in fullness, and to ensure redemption for all Creation. His message of Creation’s goodness, beauty and love indicates He is more than a Creator-God and is a progenitor, our Father with an everlasting concern for all He creates, giving everything a place and purpose. 

Minerva:  People believe God is sovereign, majestic with powers to control everything, but are Lords humans worship examples of ultimate goodness, ruling like fathers with unwavering love for their subjects? If we are fathers and follow the example God provides, we must be careful how we depict Him, understanding His message testifies to Creation’s goodness, beauty and the love He produces, telling us His goodness promises we can have life and live it abundantly. 

Muggins:  I worship no Lords, finding none deserving to be an example of ultimate goodness, none with unwavering love for anyone but themselves. I can testify to people who deserve greater recognition for goodness, more than any deity who is worshipped.

Piety:  It is obvious you could never worship anyone but yourself, secretly trusting you deserve recognition for your goodness, needing no prophet to change what you already believe, received in messages from your ego, never depending on the multitude of prophets claiming to be messengers from God. 

Minerva:  People believing prophet’s messages are from God trust them to be His Word uniquely sent and He is their one God, different from deities claimed by others, never realizing God chooses different prophets for sending His Word to assure all people would know by hearing them in their own language. Despite acknowledging there is only one Supreme Being, one God, humans continue to honor other gods, some being local gods they trust to worship. 

Able:  If humans have one God, a single Supreme Being, should they have only one belief, trusting the message He sends by prophets, and develop only one religion based on His message of Creation’s goodness and beauty, and reflective of His love for all? 

Minerva:  Prophets must prepare for hardship, to be suffering servants, to relinquish an existence of peace and tranquility, to abdicate a life of opulence, to deny oneself ways of the world for accepting God’s Creation embodying goodness, beauty and His love. 

Azusa:  Prophets are best remembered and sanctified if they are assassinated for their teachings, with some killings done in temples of worship, perhaps so much the better, preserving memories to be revered for generations. Many such acts, even ones poorly verified, become legends accepted as truths.

Pyrrho:  God's prophets are most likely assassinated by followers of competing religions, and with religions multiplying without limit, He will send more prophets to human killing fields. 

Azusa:  As a prophet sent by God and accepted to be His messenger, I could be a target for assassination, and history may predict this fate for me, whether it happens or not. Who would I suspect as an enemy, the perpetrator of this deed? Most likely a priest or wizard whose influence or livelihood is compromised by my teachings.

Able:  The wicked are punished according to their thoughts, words and deeds. Give them a taste of learning so they can recognize and accept wisdom for making their way to holiness. 

Muggins:  Is wickedness inherent in ones establishing their own way, living by their own thoughts, words, and deeds authorized by reason's power, thereby protecting them with a sanctification never at odds with their wants. Perhaps wickedness cannot be avoided when people align themselves with a religion calling other followings heretical, hateful and pagan.

Minerva:  Prophetic messages of God’s goodness are denied and rejected for evil to appear and they can only be dismissed by human beings, realizing all the rest of nature is never able to comprehend profound immorality, wickedness or depravity. We know prophet’s messages only by what scribes record, their words testifying to them as expressions of God's eternal truths, so discernment is essential to evaluate their reliability as being from Him and never expressions of a person's will.

Pyrrho:  If prophet’s messages seem understandable and never concern anyone, people will seldom be satisfied with what they say and never trust they bear messages from God, prompting scribes to tamper with their words to be more acceptable, searching through previous descriptions for who God is, making it difficult for people to know who He really is and trust the messages prophets receive are from God. 

Minerva:  Prophets are never expected to write, leaving God’s message to be heard and placed in people’s heart, but scribes never cease developing ways to convince people of presumptive commands hidden in His messages. Scribes use myths believed for people’s gods, knowing how to make them backbones for religion, but legends can no longer be used to verify God’s truths and scholars trusting their intellect to reveal them struggle vainly, never knowing His program for revealing Creation’s mysteries.

Pyrrho:  With so many words to ponder, written by different scribes, confusing readers with contradictions, God’s simple message is overwhelmed by writers’ need to establish their place in the sun by producing works hoped to become new idols for worship. 

Minerva:  If God’s simple message is never complicated by scribes why would anyone be tempted to synchronize religions, retaining what has proven to be effective, discarding anything a revised religion finds objectionable. God’s message can never be revised, making it conform to people’s wants and desires. Religions must agree on there being only one God, the source of all unchanging truth, the Creator of everything, the only true One, immortal, unborn, self-existent, great and bountiful, knowing no fear or enmity, the only Supreme Being, ruling alone and needing no assistance other than the prophets He sends to all with messages telling humans to trust in Creation’s goodness fashioned with beauty and love. Religions must never be developed by scribes who minimize God’s sovereignty, making it less than absolute and inscrutable, describing Him to be understandable like humans. 

Pyrrho:  If God is the great Teacher, sending messages by His appointed ones, beware of any prophets sitting by who never admonish scribes trusting in themselves as great teachers, sanctioned by their self-esteem as purveyors of truth’s edification. 

Able:  Rituals of poring over words, human contemplations, established by scribes from self-esteemed introspections, proclaimed by them as sanctified handwritten messages coming from God, hide His important message in a collage of scribbled ramblings, in forests of archived sayings selected to become sacred scriptures. 

Muggins:  Does a God continue to send His message because one generation forgets to tell the next and prophets must come to repeat it for them when scribes have given people something easier to live by?

Piety:  When God’s prophetic bearers fail to convey His messages unchanged, without scribes having massaged them with secular interpretations, each succeeding generation will know nothing about His commands, compelling God to continue sending prophets, ensuring His Word is heard. 

Muggins:  Prophets bringing a God’s message overstep their mandate by trusting His selection of them to proselytize for gaining followers and persecute any who refuse to join his following, making prophets political leaders who invite scribes to make them legitimate. 

Able:  Prophets relying only on oral means to communicate seldom know how scribes transmit their messages by adding their own understandings and interpretations.

Pyrrho:  Scribes can compromise Creation’s goodness by transforming God’s message and using it to create a theocracy, demanding reverence for its government to be a divine institution, controlling people by scribe’s written decrees, edicts hardly conforming to people’s wishes. 

Muggins:  Religion’s interests are too broad to dwell on promoting righteousness, knowing people will reject its edicts as impossible, so it must be redefined and becomes the task of scribes to modify a God’s messages, making them acceptable for the masses. 

Pyrrho:  From God’s message of Creation’s goodness, laden with beauty and His love, prophets encounter as many as 600 commands, presumably established by God to be written by scribes and extolled by followers with proclamations: How I love Thy laws. 

Schaman:  Scribes multiply like jurists, ready to advocate for whatever a person wants and desires. We need them with so many commands, none of which come from God.

Muggins:  Prophet’s agents impatient with progress in spreading a God’s message invade other countries and force people to believe their convictions, expecting any messiah bringing His Word must be a warrior coming to wage war and free people from their heretical bondage. Scribes enchanted by such militants find new thoughts, using religion for developing philosophies to live by. 

Schaman:  Religions develop because of charismatic and articulate prophets using their charm to attract scribes and disciples who develop doctrines and dogmas rather than merely being God’s agent for bringing His message, an action they need to be more successful. 

Able:  Scribes develop doctrines proclaiming God is an angry warrior sending militant messiahs to battle for His Way to prevail.

Muggins:  Where would we be without scribes, established and honored, worthy of meeting human needs? With so many pundits we can make choices to meet our needs and never have to rely on some deity who we can seldom count on.

Schaman:  Prophets believed to receive revelations of God’s creative actions seldom document them in written words, leaving scribes to transform their oral transmissions into sacred scriptures. Many scribes scramble to write their versions but with so many accounts differing in so many ways religious leaders may decide to destroy all but ones believed to be worthy, including dogmas developed by previous scribes on devils and angels, judgment days, and resurrections with references to messiahs and previous prophets. A single dogmatic version established with destruction of all others then becomes the orthodox standard, the only inspired, infallible, trustworthy, truthful authorized word from God. But what of His neglected message of Creation’s goodness with its beauty and God’s love?

Muggins:  From a God’s message of Creation’s goodness, scribes describe Him: mighty one, powerful king, provider, gracious, compassionate, living and forgiving, but how can He be driven to anger and vengeance against people who fight and destroy anyone disobeying His commands, reserving salvation only for ones submitting to Him? Can that make Him a God of love?

Azusa:  He declares conditions for salvation, telling how to separate sheep from goats.

Pyrrho:  Love for whom? Created by God, making Him our father, we are His children, knowing many scriptures written by scribes invariably attest to this, but they tell us we must worship the One and only Son of God to be loved by Him.

Azusa:  Some prophets are more successful than others. God depends more on dedicated disciples to effectively spread His message than on untrustworthy scribes to broadcast His Word. 

Minerva:  Holy scriptures are puzzles with pieces fashioned by transformation of God’s Word for Creation by numerous scribes, jammed into pliable molds, never fitting to anyone’s concern, readily modifiable on demand by cultural changes directed by contemporary free will.

Pyrrho:  Many prophets cannot attract attention for spreading God’s message without authorizing use of force to bear arms for gaining followers, resorting to frighten people into belief, and eventually scribes establish doctrines and dogmas for them to obey on the penalty of death, leading to holy wars that all humans suffer.

Minerva:  God sends His prophets with messages of divine revelation, telling people He creates all and declares it good, composing all with beauty and love. Disciples, scribes and philosophers create religions from His revelations by modifying them with doctrines and dogmas, making each religion unique, imbedding them with differences for believers to battle over. Each one’s doctrines and dogmas become sacred, sanctified by learned followers as living Words of God, His truths directly revealed by Him for transcription into humans’ scriptures, trusted as infallible by true believers. 

Pyrrho:  God’s prophets, coming one after another with His same message of Creation’s goodness and beauty laced with love, find disciples and scribes to develop sects for ministering to people’s wants and desires, producing divisions between their groups so none can be self-sustaining, and they pass away. Sects incriminate new thoughts as heresy and battle for their extermination, making universal belief in who God is and His message impossible.

Minerva:  Most religions disappear after a seeming successful beginning with God’s Words from one of His prophets. Disciples, philosophers and scribes add doctrines and dogmas to make His messages acceptable by minimizing their content, resulting in development of religions that remain until their popularity disappears. Human additions can succeed in attracting many followers, with their changes creating new religions, preaching heretical ideas far from God’s essential message of Creation’s goodness and beauty filled with His love. 

Azusa:  Intellectual scholars and scribes reason prophets are ordinary people chosen by God to deliver His message and whatever written about them is revisited to clarify earlier characteristics sanctifying them more than they were, claiming they spoke for people’s understanding of only their time. Human reason threatens religions, being most effective against their doctrines and dogmas, but none can question God’s essential message of the goodness of Creation’s beauty imbedded with His love. 

Pyrrho:  What part of God’s goodness, beauty and love can be reconciled with the idea He preordained the Fall of humans? How did prophets chosen to bear His message allow any idea of a fall slip in but by the logic of scribes thinking their reasoning must be included, solidifying them into doctrines for all to believe. Scribes tell us of sinless prophets, and with trust in more coming forth, is it possible to believe in a Fall as responsible for all humans being sinful?

Minerva:  Ones claiming to be omniscient, trusting in themselves to modify God’s messages, masquerading as scribes and philosophers, claiming supreme infinite knowledge and intuition hidden from others, profess unlimited faith in their efforts, but they are not chosen by God. Prophets are also not chosen by Him because they are profoundly good, acknowledging only God is good, even though scribes declare some prophets are sinless, never having sinned and proclaimed righteous, right with God, and placed in a trinity with Him. 

Azusa:  Listen to ones chosen by God, empowered to bring His message for teaching, and beware of scribes developing doctrines He never authorized. People will eventually realize unauthorized ephemeral verities are never God’s but are submitted by scribes with some believers continuing to trust them as lasting truths. Religion recruits scribes to develop doctrines for supporting biases to protect its beliefs. 
 
Muggins:  When scribes record prophets’ coming with words of anger, hating much despite a God’s message of goodness that never allows intense dislike or passionate displeasure for His Creation’s beings, they reason this God’s image reflects ours, that we behave like Him. 

Schaman:  Can God be morally responsible to Himself and never to His human Creation? Some scribes describe Him as arbitrary and irresponsible while others describe Him as just and loving, revealing how amalgamation of human experiences with their beliefs transforms God’s message.

Able:  Prophets coming with God’s message tell people they cannot love Him as Lord without ignoring previous prophets having come as Lords. Must we deny other prophets, believing we cannot serve more than one master, none of trusted prophets chosen before to send God’s message. Which one should we serve? Scribes maintain cultural traditions, managing His message with additions we can’t discard, giving people many lords to choose from, loving some and dismissing others.

Schaman:  Prophets are never without danger, even in temples erected for God. They can be killed for deviating from scribes’ decrees while remaining faithful to God’s message and denying scribes’ revelations hidden in words beyond understanding, used by reasoning lawmakers for their profit. 

Muggins:  When religion’s idol is money scribes become legalists, who burden people with tithes their priests expect.

Able:  Does it require money for the world’s kingdom to grow for God, to embellish what He already created good, to be blessed in order to gain followers for Him? So, prophets direct scribes to tell us. 

Pyrrho:  Prophets bringing God’s message obligates none, that being done by scribes thinking people must carry a burden, distressing them with hardship or grief, inventing dogmas for gaining salvation, decrees to profit religion’s priests. What should we believe? Trusted scribes conceding to reason’s demands for compromising God’s message, sanctifying it by declaring His altered Words infallible and inscribing them in stone?

Muggins:  People interrogate all a God’s prophets, testing their words against those of venerated scribes, choosing any that agree with their convictions. 

Pyrrho:  Whose message do people follow, God’s or one modified by scribes, there being thousands of scribes calling people to theirs, ignoring all others as heresy, and dismissing His as impossible to obey? If God created us, He gives us reason to follow His commands, protecting us from illusions imagined by others.

Minerva:  Beware, what is noble among people can disgust God, scribbled into human hearts by tradition’s permission, justified by reason as common practice. Listen to God’s message, His Word of life spoken for all to hear, needing no understanding, clearly articulated for everyone to obey, reminding us of Creation’s goodness, wrapped in beauty and filled with love. He chooses many prophets for its delivery, but before its germination scribes devour His Words and digest them into unrecognizable fragments to please humankind, writing decrees to use for their own purposes, judging people without hearing to know their deeds, determining convictions to justify their biases.

Pyrrho:  Prophets bring God’s Word asking hearers to obediently live His message, promising they will not see death, but His command is too demanding, and they wait on scribes to change it, making it reasonable and bearable.

Schaman:  Prophets being in the Father and having Him in them are entrusted with His message, but it must be protected from scribes who devour His Words, digest them into fragments and defecate their pieces as truth. 

Minerva:  Scribes love reason’s ways to gladden humans with arguments and illustrations, convincing them with parables claimed to be from God, but they are used to show how people can work out their own salvation, following ways from human wisdom. Lasting joy never comes from anything we pray for, hoping for things we covet; joy is assured only by honoring Creation’s goodness. 

Pyrrho:  Humans’ greatest passion is to know God, trusting philosophers to understand His being, offering everything their imaginations can suggest, but they fail to help anyone for His knowing. Upon hearing prophets proclaim God’s message without seeing Him in person, people fascinated by their words behold its bearers to be God, or at least to be more than disciples, deifying them to be God’s partner and placing them into a trinity with God and His Holy Spirit. But alas, these messengers are mere mortals, and none have ever returned to life here to meet human needs, such as restoring function for the blind and deaf, healing cripples, curing diseases, alleviating suffering’s anguish, or replacing distress with joy. Distrust scribes interpreting prophets’ messages as proclamations to depend on self-reliance and human-developed ethical codes because they are unreliable and hardly coming from God.

Able:  After a prophet comes with God's messages and blessings, scribes tinker with His will and add modifications which subsequent prophets will classify as pagan beliefs and heresy, dooming followers to certain damnation and fill them with fear.

Minerva:  Prophets’ message from God is not for making people fear Him, knowing He doesn’t create anyone to fear, fear being inconsistent with His creating all with goodness. Scribes create decrees for people to suffer fear, making them fearful of disobeying human-made laws, forcing believers to comply with a scribe’s edicts established as sanctified dogmas. 

Muggins:  Barriers are erected when scholarly scribes mutilate a God’s impossible message and disconnect human interactions with each other, leaving human beings in fearful distrust of each other.

Minerva:  Every new transcription of His message is declared a final testimony, making scribe’s subsequent words interpretations of His Words dangling false concoctions, distorting prophets’ missions to restate His utterances. Many prophets are chosen by God to deliver His message, but humans hearing His Word never understand its contents the same, each interpreting them according to their reason and experience, and distrusting all they heard before.

Muggins:  How can one identify a prophet truly sent by a God? Religions formed by messengers claimed to be His depend on many scribes writing their own truths over centuries, producing dogmas too numerous to count, with their many doctrines evaluated by future scribes to develop new religions, making them similar to past religions, but each with doctrines testifying to heresies of their competitors, giving them reason to be shunned as pathways to sanctification.

Pyrrho:  Revelations continue coming from God, streaming from prophets He chooses, but beware of what follows, commentaries inundating us from intellectuals and scribes thinking they know the essence of His revelations, scribbling their understandings so we can follow His Words.

Minerva:  People cannot be righteous by adhering to laws written by scribes and never authorized by God, being no more than works to please oneself. Scribes write documents based on a prophet’s message from God, interpreting His Words to produce philosophies for historical preservation, calling them religions with hidden mysteries, announcing them to be recent revelations sent to unknowing ones chosen to be disciples of God’s prophet, to followers from the ranks of confusion and ignorance where religion has left them stranded.

Able:  Can the Kingdom of God be within me, secured in my soul, filling my temple prepared for the Holy Spirit, without receiving and believing His message of Creation’s goodness filled with beauty and His love, cleansed of distractions by doctrines and dogmas inserted by untrustworthy scribes?

Muggins:  Intellectual prowess authorizes one’s self to create illusions for becoming like a god, a transformation theological scholars call theosis. For what better justification would we be created with reason.

Schaman:  Theologians instruct us on ways to become God-like, never to become God the One and only, for He is the only Creator of all and no human can become another God, but many claim to be a god, deifying themselves or be elevated to a god by others. This idea of theosis, motivated by imaginations, tells people they can become like gods, but scholars warn us that both good and evil control our lives; even with theosis gods remain like humans with their passions and vices.

Muggins:  Look what happens to a God’s messages, seeing them devoured by scribes to fatten their reason and bloat their prestige, making them acceptable for people to follow, for pleasing their thoughts and activities. Scribes abound, waiting to pounce on His messages, eager to cloud them with veiled transformations, changing them to create new religions, forcing a God to send more prophets to right their wrongs. 

Minerva:  Prophets should warn disciples and scribes about reasoned doctrines, attached as addenda to God’s messages, declaring such amendments monopolize people’s attention, mesmerizing them with illusions, and making them more important than His messages. 

Pause five
Return to contents

Muggins:  No one owns their own body if it is made to interact with others, realizing a person’s greatest punishment is being isolated from all others. People own nothing with their bodies and minds available for others to seize, lusting to satisfy their desires and wants, stealing from others for meeting their interactions’ needs. No one is exempt from such thievery. Religious leaders advocating celibacy, interfering with people’s sexual activity, steal their minds and deny interactions committing them to Creation’s directions.

Pyrrho:  Is it honest leadership, deceiving us to trust we must never belong to anyone but ourselves, to deny all interactions, knowing isolation will punish us with greatest suffering for people to experience?

Muggins:  Religious leaders steal our minds with fictitious doctrines, transformation of some God’s Words, written by scribes in the name of someone revered as a God’s messenger, concealing dictums of His commands and incriminated as delusions denying whatever humans refuse to accept, produced by lesser ones, lacking the esteem of brilliance worthy of ones humans choose to honor.

Schaman:  Forging deceptions from wayward imaginations, pilfering illusions from another’s fantasies of reality, steals thoughts on their way to worthlessness.

Muggins:  The world should pass away and leave nothing, realizing it’s on its way to nothingness, ending when its creator’s deceptions run out.

Schaman:  There will always be something. People revere relics of Creation’s flaws, treasuring its experimental deceptions, believed to be once contributed by prophets’ activities, belongings of their disciples such as pottery now sacred and fragments of their human remains.

Minerva:  Goodness glorifies all of God’s creations. He designs our creation to be an interim testing ground, never an eternal home for its components, and its constituents’ relationships with each other are shown how to coexist in symbiotic harmony, developing peaceful relationships by evolutionary modifications to follow God’s messages, and we realize He never constructs any part of nature to be everlasting, subjecting His testing ground materials to disintegration, employing entropy to guarantee nothing ever lasts, to survive only as long as He maintains His creation by determining its energy. Eventual destruction of all its formations accomplishes His goal, giving evolution a chance to remodel creation, assuring all He redoes comes with an orderly decline into chaos, allowing entropy to deteriorate all into nothingness.

Pyrrho:  Does that mean to include one’s soul?

Minerva:  Life’s soul consists of no matter and therefore is unaffected by effects of entropy. Only our soul matters and cannot be scattered into chaos, leaving us with nothingness. God assures its protection so it remains intact on completing its tenure in the testing ground, abandoning life’s matter fragmented into pieces.

Pyrrho:  Are we created for existence in a proving ground, being prototypes for testing by an imaginary deity, and all trial modules persist as relics of failure, having fallen far short of a creator’s expectations?

Schaman:  Creation’s goodness has allowed for mistakes to occur, being an essential part of goodness, needed for evolutionary progress to advance His design to perfection if this cosmos is to develop to some desired end. 

Muggins:  If a God created us to embody His goodness, beauty and love, He would need no flawed creation as a proving ground to test us. Perhaps our creation is done by committee, embodying input from more than one deity, trusting in democracy’s first experiment. If a single God is the only one creating us for placement on earth, and His product falls short of expectations, why should recycling His failures improve anyone, to better a life’s results with another trial? 

Schaman:  Humans despise God’s autocratic rule and demand judgment by democracy. Better to be created by a ruling committee. How else could we be given reason to defy the autocracy of our instincts and ignore what we choose from commandments of one being?

Able:  All praises for our benevolent dictator, ruling with what is best for us, fighting against decision by committees, bickering and wrangling to compromise.

Azusa:  We are never members participating in God’s ruling decisions, being only recipients of His messages. Latter day prophets will not ignore any He assigned for my sending, and some interpreting His Words will assimilate my understandings of His messages, assuring preservation of God’s messages, never sent to be discarded.

Pyrrho:  Interpretation of God’s messages participates in evolution as in everything else, and human understanding of His Words change, leaving people’s harmony in their meaning relics, never etched in their minds and only carved in stone.

Muggins:  We cannot be blind to evolution’s destruction of the belief that a God is unchanging and creates everything with settled goodness.

Schaman:  We are what we are, created to be no different, and if we try to sever obligations to our inherent directions, we cannot destroy their plans and interfere with our progeny’s design. Humans cannot destroy their innate conscience and produce offspring without it. Evolution claims it can be done.

Muggins:  Without a conscience we need criticisms from no one and we can live to satisfy our wants and desires, fearing no one might be recording what is considered misdeeds, cataloguing them as sins, making us believe what some define as iniquities will be used to judge whether we can be justified as deserving salvation for our existence to continue.

Schaman:  Perhaps our conscience is flawed, unable to convince us of what is right and wrong, leaving our instincts to determine what is acceptable.

Pyrrho:  How can anyone deserve salvation, acknowledging everyone’s thoughts, words and deeds are too terrible by any deity’s standards that no amount of repentance could be acceptable?

Minerva:  Prophets never acknowledge that, but manipulators of God’s message think they can lay down terms for people’s salvation. God never tells prophets conditions for determining human salvation. Pray for these answers.

Schaman:  We wash our hands before eating, knowing we cannot eat without their use. Should we also wash our tongues before speaking or our minds before thinking, wondering how should we perform such functions? Can you pray for these cleanings and be confident of being spotless?

Muggins:  If I was conceived and born in sin, how can I ever pray to be pure, trusting an unchanging God to transform me into someone different? 

Pyrrho:  You have just given the reason for us to depend on ourselves for everything, never accepting reason as a punishment to confuse our convictions when faced with God’s commandments.

Minerva:  God’s commandments never confuse anyone. Humans wanting to ignore His edicts find ways to circumvent them, fraudulently disposing of their intent by engaging His disciples to direct scribes on changing their meaning.

Able:  If humans change God’s message, He must continue sending prophets, but their coming results in more innovations rather than repeating enduring commands to obey His Word, by developing religions to celebrate prophets’ arrivals, and commemorating their births and deaths.

Muggins:  Humans haven’t developed any confidence in scribes’ opinions on how to ensure what they call salvation, promises for guaranteeing us eternal existence. People hope for a messiah’s coming which nothing can change.

Pyrrho:  Then, what about humans living before a messiah’s coming? Have they any chance for salvation, returning to their Creator?

Schaman:  A messiah will arrive when God’s message is acknowledged and obeyed, and that has yet to happen. Messiahs have no authority to determine salvation, held by only God.

Muggins:  People remain cursed by the Fall and no messiah will appear until that bane is removed. Creation’s goodness must overwhelm our stigma of evil before it happens, and nothing has been successful at that.

Schaman:  Humans’ curse to be fallen developed with God’s creation of two genders, male and female, ordering them to cleave to one another for the purpose of reproduction, to obey His command for populating the earth and be stewards for His Creation, but this gave them opportunity to sin. If God’s intent was to populate the earth, He could have done it Himself without creating humans to achieve His goals by forcing them to use sinful means for increasing Creation’s numbers. Humans reasoned the animal instincts He left in them were sinful and remained for them to determine their use.

Pyrrho:  People’s God creates males to be stewards for Creation, and they established patriarchal roles, adopted since the beginning of times by all living creatures, and remaining faithful to their instinctual demands, prophets sanctify their positions with as many females as they can support and protect. 

Able:  Some prophets tell people that it is better to never marry and defy God's commands to be fruitful and multiply, thinking it would free them of sin and submission to lusts of the flesh. If marriage is a sacrament ordered and blessed by God, does He deceive humans by convincing them to sanctify a union that inevitably leads them into sinful lives? 

Muggins:  Leave it to heretics preaching people should never marry, condemning nuptials as sinful, forbidding sexual intercourse. 

Schaman:  Their goal is to end Creation’s plan, to terminate God’s flawed design and prepare a way for His return to the drawing board. What better way, using heretics to reveal His secrets, abounding in gnostic thoughts.

Minerva:  Elitist religious leaders, confident in their truths being unique verities, look down on heretical unsophisticated pagan thoughts, discounting any possibility they represent understandable messages from God, being only fables trusted by gullible ones who believe they came from Father the Great Spirit. 

Schaman:  With belief in God creating us, rich or poor in wisdom to know Him, loving us without reservation, discriminating against no one, how can He agree with our judgments to save some for eternal life with Him and dismiss further existence for those someone deems unworthy, unacceptable by human standards? If God is so inclined, are there gods ready to accept the rejected ones and bless them with some form of eternal existence? 

Muggins:  No one is acceptable by human standards, especially well-known individuals from our own backyard, stained with gossip hidden from the outside world, revealing rumors of conflicts with others, disturbing people’s comfort, stirring the pot to upset serenity’s peace.

Pyrrho:  You understand prophets well, whether approved and sent by some deity or self-appointed. They exist precariously, with ones preaching rebellious messages invariably martyred, sooner or later killed by adversaries, and even those modifying a deity’s messages to please established cultural beliefs and practices suffer destruction. 

Schaman:  They practice self-destruction, inciting their demise by violating edicts, holy doctrines and dogmas, completing their desire to gain immortality by winning attention.

Muggins:  Prophets’ admonitions convince people to practice self-immolation, flagellation by whipping a chain across their back or carving their skin with a knife, marring their bodies with tattoos, or other means to malign themselves. Does Creation’s goodness require such punishment?

Schaman:  We create morality to distinguish heretic illusions from true belief, employing our reasons to live by, realizing prophets can do more harm than good, understanding only energy creates everything, being essential to form everything the senses behold, empowering our reason to exist.

Muggins:  We approach an era of worshipping force, coming empowered by a deity of energy.

Pyrrho:  That deity wields a two-edge sword, enabling creation and destruction, and prophets know these attributes but refuse to tell us everything.

Schaman:  All deities brandish two-edge swords, forcing their convictions on innocent prey, destroying dissidents with heretic beliefs, crusading armed with protection of words.

Able:  Perhaps we should distrust all crusading deities, realizing they prepare us for battle and endanger our existence.

Muggins:  But look at its benefits, immortalizing crusaders in verse and rhyme, depicting them as warriors in lasting imagery.

Schaman:  Crusader memories begin to fade before scribe’s ink begins to dry, with recognition of their deeds never immortalized as age paints its patina on heroic images.

Pyrrho:  Time guarantees nothing can be immortalized.

Minerva:  People believe no one can be found worthy of being immortalized, but they never cease searching for answers on where they came from, why they are here, and what happens to them when they die.

Nomad:  Must I accept that?

Able:  Perhaps we mistakenly trust only men to bear God’s messages, ignoring women He chooses to be prophets, dismissing ones knowing where we came from and spiritually most competent to understand why we are here. Men claim their insights on life after death are best preached by them.

Muggins:  All Gods equip men with power and intellect for ruling, and most notable prophets they choose are men, and that will continue. 

Schaman:  God giving only females His ability to create, makes them more God-like than males existing only as gatekeepers, giving out passes enabling women to be creative. 

Able:  It may be instinct to create, but we inherit nothing from beasts to be crusaders for protecting Creation’s goodness, following their drive to destroy and kill others, refusing to acknowledge God’s gift of our spirit completely.

Muggins:  Prophets report that a God scrambles people’s tongues to speak words others cannot understand, confusing human minds more, especially for intellectuals posing as philosophers who never agree on anything, making their human reason ineffective.

Schaman:  Prophets must be cautious, not merely dishonored in their own country, because they are in danger wherever they proclaim God’s Words, existing no longer than moments as martyrs having flown into the light. 

Pyrrho:  Prophets coming and regaled as first will soon be scorched by human reason and fall to last. 

Schaman:  Should prophets ever be enraged, angered because people don’t do their bidding, judging their invitations are less important than their hearers’ plans? Although chosen by God, prophets are humans with ability to hate and tell all they must abandon love for their family before they can become His disciples. 

Muggins:  Are a God’s Words for arming disciples with swords, weapons taunting plans to love one’s enemies, arms carried to kill others, telling foes they must accept His ways to love one another? 

Minerva:  Death’s final blows destroy God’s messengers, leaving scant remnants of His Words, with only traces remaining as seeds waiting to germinate, to sprout from life-giving water of prophets He continues to send. 

Able:  Know God’s prophets by what He commands them to preach, to love one another as the Father loves all, showing partiality for no one. Such edicts death cannot destroy.

Azusa:  Some of God’s prophets seem to never taste death betraying their lives and simply disappear, leaving no trace of their mortal remains, which establishes belief in God taking them away to His home and invites trust in hopes for eternal life with Him. 

Minerva:  People are confused by religion’s pronouncements for any existence after death, never knowing whether they should hope for it being everlasting continuance or a final ending, especially for ones believing in reincarnation into something or someone that is determined by how they live life here, with achievement of a permanent ending nearly impossible.

Able:  Humans must teach the truth of faith in its fullness and ask can that be achieved by theological speculations on their immortality. 

Muggins:  Everyone insists on their views of immortality as articulated by respected theologians, and each one’s opinion should be accepted as trustworthy.

Minerva:  Theologians preach God rules Creation with no ticking clock, providing all our needs, seeking a timeless continuous relationship with us, telling us through prophets: Faith can heal us by relying on inherent mechanisms God placed within us, and we should trust nothing better. We pray to Him for healing, trusting our faith to heal us by calling on our innate restorative powers.

Azusa:  Prophets report we have healing powers, inherent capacities placed within us by God, and trusting in Him by practicing prayer promotes healing to overcome suffering disappointments. 

Pyrrho:  Some prophets exceed their commissioned authority, inflicting disobedient people with incurable disease and healing them if they repent. Does God authorize His followers to judge anyone, determining who to punish for disobedience?

Azusa:  There are some things we must believe and respect the bearers of information to make judgements.

Muggins:  I trust science to deliver all information, to reveal wisdom, and to profit my experiences and judgment

Pyrrho:  Scientists reveal information to produce knowledge for answering everything, but all their discoveries are fragmentary, revealing things in bits and pieces, compelling reason to speculate with explanations and answer nothing important about existence, never revealing knowledge to develop lasting truths, discovering little more than further questions.

Able:  As a believer I have many questions, acknowledging my ignorance as a human, unlike intellectuals who believe they have answers to everything. I can wait, however, trusting they will be answered when I rejoin God in heaven and hear all Creation’s mysteries explained. 

Pyrrho:  If you think God will answer all your questions, you must believe in becoming deified, made into being god-like, possessing attributes you think He has, filling His heaven with deities like Him. You hear Him tell humans He is a jealous God, wanting no others like Him. It is unreasonable to think He will reveal His mysteries to people He accepts into heaven. You would be better off to forget any questions you might remember to ask on meeting Him in heaven.

Muggins:  Of what use would a God’s response be to you in heaven but to question Him more, hoping to acquire information to challenge His ways? Don’t ask Him anything, trusting He is unchanging as we are told, continuing to keep you in the dark.

Minerva:  God comes into our thoughts on trying to understand reality, our knowledge and love of Creation’s reality, to conscientiously comprehend and implement His will for us, to seek and reunite with Him, to participate in His truth of goodness, beauty and love, the greatest truth of existence. Being the ultimate reality for our reason to explore, His truth has been the primordial reality inherently placed in us at conception, waiting to be engaged and experienced throughout our existence. 

Pyrrho:  Evolution brings us far beyond any primordial reality, rejecting it but acknowledging it may have been important for Neanderthals. 

Azusa:  Evolution brings us nowhere with humans still born to sin, endowing us with no wisdom greater than what God decides, enabling us with no recovery of innocence, waiting for it only from the reality of implementing God’s message.

Muggins:  Human passions are all-consuming to conquer and gain things of this world that are all perishable, knowing everything suffers this fate. So how can anyone’s hopes be for all things lasting into some next existence?

Minerva:  Our heavenly hopes can never be for temporal earthly desires that are never lasting. We can’t comprehend anything that would be lasting, never having experienced any in Creation’s goodness.

Muggins:  If we are created and born completely innocent what makes us to be sinners? Do we enter a corrupted world that has lost its goodness? Are we innocent until our free will is activated by exposure to where we can’t comprehend Creation’s goodness?

Pyrrho:  People cannot survive on innocence, making it a dubious requirement for wisdom, a knowledge for certain failure. Humans must thank evolution’s natural selection for survival of the fittest to eliminate innocence for the progress of humankind to where it is. 

Muggins:  Innocents never survive. Your Creator-God realizes his mistake, making humans born to sin, and forcing their existence by survival of the fittest. 

Able:  All of you offer no reason for evolution.

Schaman:  God’s Creation with His goodness, beauty and love, made a mistake by creating humans with flawed reason, trusting their existence to improve with survival of the fittest, judging and discarding them to improve His product.

Pyrrho:  Perhaps God’s greatest mistake in creating humans has been to give them free will and ability to reason.

Azusa:  They are essential to know God, to activate their innate knowledge of Him. Without belief in Him and justifying reason, Creation is ultimately absurd and meaningless. God is the ground and source of all reality, creating everything and being the totality of all. 

Muggins:  Reason provides us a way to create a God, and never a means for knowing any existing One. With free will we can choose a way for that to happen, providing reasons to believe.

Minerva:  Creation’s goodness is nothing without beauty and love, eternally sustained by our one God, infinitely sustained with never-ending love. All prophets come with this message, explaining who God is and reporting everything humans need to know about Him, most essential for their living, and looking to no human reasoning to provide a metaphysical explanation of Him, delving into His mysteries and thinking our intellect can explain them by their reduction to purely natural phenomena.

Muggins:  Scientists promise we will eventually understand a God’s mysteries, being only a matter of time, and if our reason has brought us this far, we should be patient a little longer and continue living by its direction. 

Minerva:  Your reason chooses to live by human direction, believing in its success so far, but it only reveals scraps of information, fodder considered important for concocting unending theories, all to survive times shorter than ever, waiting to be replaced by human’s unending flow of ideas. Scientists develop ideas on reporting what the unseen does and never how it appears, leaving Creation’s mysteries unknown but to God. 

Pyrrho:  Try as they may, scholars must admit their failure in understanding both infinity and the most finite aspects of our cosmos.

Schaman:  Not so for philosophers now studying their beliefs analytically, trusting in their methods using clarity, rigor and argumentation to develop truth and knowledge, denying any verities developed for moral or spiritual improvement, for trusting in human abilities to live better.

Pyrrho:  Amen. Realizing their failures to improve human lives, philosophers now trust in scientist’s analytic methods, thinking they will reveal mystery’s truths.

Schaman:  Scientists revolutionizing human adventures to understand everything, work to describe matter’s composition, trusting to explain its basis to develop their wisdom.

Pyrrho:  Evolutionary scientists trust in studying progressive adaptation for development of moral and spiritual improvements, for advancing human abilities to better their lives without needing any divine contributions.

Minerva:  Human beings with free will, intellectual abilities and reason can develop such beliefs, and need no one’s intellectual help, but all people can hear from God’s prophets and trust their words are from the Supreme Being who neglects no one from hearing His message for developing their beliefs on living. You can examine humankind’s history and find no people He neglects to tell.

Azusa:  Scientists think they can recreate all that God makes, but they will never have the power of His Word to create anything out of nothing, giving existence to something that matters, real and comprehensible, beyond the human intellect to investigate, never lacking ability for any scientist’s calculations or knowledge of forces, but never understanding God’s laws hidden in mystery. 

Pyrrho:  Why must nature’s mysteries remain hidden? Perhaps it is the way for Fate to tease humans, badgering it to reveal the unknown, playing its game for amusement.

Azusa:  Relying on the human intellect to develop philosophy for metaphysical explanations predating those for science, people’s reason fails to acknowledge and comprehend God’s transcendence, sending prophets with His message with directions for humans to live. We are all bound together, one for all, all for one, by interdependencies He determines for all Creation, making Him the ground of all being, the foundation for all to exist. 

Pyrrho:  Your Supreme Being creates gods, reasoning they could never exist apart from God. Where else could they come from?

Minerva:  No. People’s free will counts on imagination to create gods and whatever they create never lasts, disappearing with all finite things, dependent upon some prior realty constituting their existence from which they depart. Only God remains, infinite and unchanging, outside of time’s erosion where He prevails with perfect self-possession. He exists and without Him there would be nothingness, and nothing can develop from nothing except by God’s doing.

Pyrrho:  Can humans believe anything, trusting knowledge given by anyone, the testimony of others based on a trained expert’s reason, confirmed for the moment by current reliable studies?

Azusa:  Bliss will avoid ones like you, trusting only truths made for passing.

Pyrrho:  What is bliss? Where does one find it? How do humans born in sin experience anything but fleeting moments of bliss, destroying one’s reality, except by descending one into nothingness by drugs numbing a person into unconsciousness? 

Azusa:  My soul’s temple, existing with an unquenchable quest for God, to be filled with His messages, outfitted with comfort for the Holy Spirit, serves for blissful encounters with Him, for bonding with the God of love. 

Minerva:  God sends prophets to all people with that in mind. His message to humans proclaims the eternal reality of Creation’s goodness, a transcendental truth coming from only God.

Pyrrho:  Real goodness is an illusion, inspiring people to live, telling them to adopt a sense of moral responsibility, an ethical persuasion toward all others, and maintain trust in someone’s golden rule. Real goodness masquerades as truth. Existence is what it is, one great disappointment. 

Muggins:  If existence can never promise goodness, Creation can never claim its truth, leaving all to ask what truth is. 

Minerva:  Blind to the truth surrounding you, Creation’s goodness will remain an illusion never recognized until you discover truth is also the good, revealed by listening to your inherent bell ringing out in longing for God. 

Pyrrho:  I decide on goodness, on what is true for me, never relying on any illusion of moral goodness preached as an act of faith.

Able:  Beware of your goodness following truth hand in hand until time decides a verity must change.

Minerva:  A god of goodness is evolutionary natural selection for survival of the fittest. Does making one more fit to survive destroy any inherent longings for God, making a fitness god greater than Him? Greater fitness may promote an earthly advantage but what can it do next, after discarding compassion for ones less fit, denying one’s merciful heart for the suffering disappointed, humbled by failure after striving for greater fitness?

Pyrrho:  Every act for the sake of goodness develops from reasoning the ways of materialism, investigating how it benefits all humankind. Everyone facing disappointment, despair developed by poverty, disease, oppression and calamity, hoping for something better, benefits from distraction by material things to ease suffering.

Azusa:  Not all, only some. Secular ways promote those of materialism, enriching a few while doing little for most. God’s prophets never include this in His message, His command to honor Creation’s goodness bearing its beauty and love, trusting humans to love Him for all He provides.

Pyrrho:  If God creates everything with everything being His and needs nothing why should He want our love, confessing it would do nothing to perfect His existence?

Azusa:  God’s love seeks ours, to be loved in return, knowing love’s only purpose is to love one another, realizing all who love Him are happy with their love for Him who creates all, reflecting His infinite goodness and beauty. 

Pyrrho:  If there is no God there can be no ultimate goodness in Creation, never made by any Supreme Being, and any goodness must be produced by human endeavors, based on their truths however determined by them, never realizing they can be noble deceptions.

Minerva:  Blatant disregard of God’s messages delivered by prophets, with reliance on human’s biological, genetic, psychological, social, political and economic achievements, ignores people’s failure to master love’s requirement to live in peace, and reaps the consequences of what they sow as transcendent values disappear. 

Azusa:  On striving to gratify greater desires and satisfy prevailing expectations, people remain unfulfilled and submit to drugs legalized for their use, chemicals able to destroy their lives when abusing them for greater dementia, to free them from following God’s messages. 

Minerva:  Few scientific methods can be trusted to verify claims for human achievements and offer no unchanging truths for people to live by. Expect no grace from human endeavors never directed by love, trusting only God for grace when we accept His message and find all things in Him. 

Muggins:  Grace can do nothing for me, never anything to equal the peace drugs provide.

Azusa:  Only through contemplative prayer do we see God in all things and understand His message sent by prophets, the only way we can see reality as it is, to see God in Himself. 

Pyrrho:  Human’s reality is the here and now, never being any illusion of impossible dreams, trusting our reason and free will to make existence meaningful, relying on our senses to craft life for improvement, 

Minerva:  On hearing prophets bring God’s message, nearly all cultural traditions agree that normal consciousness of illusions are momentary and we must wait on God’s presence to unite with the only true lasting reality, God in Himself, but only after contemplative prayer is stripped of personal and emotional convictions, freeing one to be filled with the joy of being in His presence.

Pyrrho:  If humans are born in sin, never being sinless, you make it too simple to become like God, transfigured and sanctified to become one in His image, and be prepared to join His vessel of divine nature.

Minerva:  God leaves an inherent ear in all human minds, waiting for His message’s delivery, trusting them to hear. 

Azusa:  I trust my spiritual journey, following God’s prophetic messages, praying to know His will, trusting His grace, sustaining my faith without dependence on doctrines and dogmas, conducting my life with assurance of His Creation’s goodness and beauty established with His love. His message bearing information is knowledge of highest wisdom, reflecting His eternal unchanging truth, never like human speculations being merely changing shadows of some flimsy truths appearing as illusions.

Pyrrho:  How does wisdom accumulate and never reflect great truths if it is never final until the end of experience which is never ending for anyone?

Minerva:  Human experience can never be the pathway to true wisdom until we realize it is essential for us to hear and follow God’s message, to bring us His knowledge for our understanding. People joyfully wait for this simple experience, cherishing it as a God thing. 

Pyrrho:  Human experience prevails, overwhelming divine prophetic messages that transfigure God’s Words into religious traditions expressing human illusions, dream-languages directing human desires, sacred art developing solemn liturgy and praise, contemplative prayer without ceasing, and life sustained by high ethical and moral principles, obeying uncompromising doctrines and dogmas, or rigorously following exacting philosophical tenets.

Minerva:  At least those are responses ignoring God’s messages, giving no one an excuse for not hearing them, even if they appear as shadows, knowing light is necessary for them to be seen, illumination being His energy for everything to appear. Without His light humans wander about in the dark labyrinth of their dreams, trying to find wisdom in their own experiences. Divine light’s guidance emblazons people with moral and spiritual virtue, blessing them with pure actions pleasing to God. 

Schaman:  I depend on reason and unrestricted free will to exercise my innate human abilities, developed from eons of evolutionary trials, assuring survival for my fittest ancestors without any interventions by an imaginary divine light’s guidance. 

Minerva:  Is what you are the best evolution can do? 

Schaman:  Evolution and science promise us our greatest wish, the goal of immortality. 

Minerva:  Would you be satisfied with the existence of lives determined by nature to outlive yours?

Schaman:  What do you mean?

Minerva:  Trees anchored to one place on earth, sea creatures existing in monotony of timelessness. 

Pyrrho:  Immortality would be the Creator’s curse greater than the Fall. At best the Fall guarantees us death, ending life’s endless monotony of existence. Thank God for evolution, ending the perpetual existence of everything, changing all before we recognize it becomes nothingness.

Muggins:  All must represent nothingness before we recognize it as such, until we accept its reality. If we are made from nothing, immortality must return us to it.

Azusa:  Creation’s goodness, beauty and love will never represent nothingness. People’s perceptions of nothingness blinds them to our cosmos’ virtues established by God’s love. He expects us to exercise our abilities, reason their best use, respect His sovereignty, and acknowledge His divine determinants control our life on earth. 

Minerva:  God’s Word creates everything from nothing, designing mandatory interactions for all, leaving nothing without partners, with no created things remaining nothing, lacking love, the glue binding all things together.

Piety:  Without love one is nothing. Passing into nothingness is into an existence of lovelessness. Love is my soul’s caretaker, protecting it from damage and destruction, ensuring its survival so it doesn’t fall into nothingness.

Muggins:  My ego cares for me, blaring out for all to hear, a clanging cymbal defining my existence, and love deafens its proclamations by driving me into being a nothing.

Minerva:  An ego, never caring for love, dismisses relationships essential for love. Wake up to Creation’s goodness to recognize God’s love in binding ties, uniting everything together, creating every iota to be bound and dependent on one another. Try as one may, we cannot venture into nothingness and escape from how He makes us. 

Azusa:  Humans cannot conceive of God unless they receive and understand His message, building on their innate knowledge of Him placed at their creation, springing forth as intuitions of His existence.  

Minerva:  God may design us to never be broken after we are trapped into relationships, but He allows activities of our reason to bounce about, in and out of relationships to satisfy our needs. When only our soul survives, we return to His complete control, no longer needing reason, no longer having our energies seek different stances to form new relationships. Then we are free at last, escaping from ourselves.

Schaman:  Dressed in finery for burial on death, are we free at last, knowing all soon passes away? 

Pyrrho:  We count on science’s shifting paradigms to someday reveal all things never pass away, dressing dead ones in splendor for anticipation of their future needs, persisting in their ongoing desires, trusting their wants never to depart.

Minerva:  Scriptures tell us God is the All and believing He is everlasting confirms All will never pass away. The Creator and Source of all-encompassing Creation’s entirety ensures eternity is occupied by All.

Schaman:  Humans call on a single God to enlist His aid, trusting their one God to battle their foes, obeying His proclamation: The battle is mine, acknowledging Him to be their champion and the only reason for victory, scattering pagan tribes in defeat. God is never visible, however, as believers’ imagination carry Him into battle, trusting His invisible spirit, worshipping His divine assistance for victory. So, they see their God as All, fragmented into a dichotomy.

Muggins:  We never trust a God is All, believing we must genderize Him as male, making Him the epitome of goodness, believing deeds of human efforts never equal His goodness.

Minerva:  Creation’s goodness, beauty and love can never be distorted to satisfy people’s wishes. 

Able:  Science endeavors to discover what makes up all reality, composition of unknowns made from unseens, attempting to create visible assembles of energy to be seen and touched, producing forms which we can comprehend and describe, but I understand nothing about reality without realizing the Creator speaks His Words to produce All, using means privileged for only Him to know.

Minerva:  God creates us with reason but never to understand everything, limiting us to develop physical principles and laws that reveal what our Creator trusts us to know. 

Able:  Little do we know all physical principles and laws, describing only what we can develop, appearing to be unchanging as the Creator’s prerogative, showing us what’s more important to cherish: interactions essential for being human, memories of our encounters and experiences, perceptions with reasoned interpretations to understand and enjoy reality’s impact on our senses, pliability of our identities to change, and acknowledgement of our soul as reservoir for the Holy Spirit.

Minerva:  God presents us science as a toy to play with, to manipulate our reason and tease us into discovering His secrets. Human experiments in science demand information but many fail confirmation of their trusted reliable findings when repeated. Memories last but they also cannot be reproduced, leaving them unchanging, unlike results of scientific endeavors.

Schaman:  Humans believe no truths are eternal and change them to conform with their current desires, ignoring ones proclaimed to be God’s unchanging and everlasting edicts. Scribes have taken God’s messages sent by prophets and changed them, so no one knows His eternal truths or even if He has any. 

Pyrrho:  If God has eternal truths, people change them, leaving no distinction between humans’ divine and secular truths, and reasoning intellectuals permit no differences for anyone to fight over. 

Muggins:  That allows us to conclude my truths are as reasonable as yours, ending any arguments that verities must be proven.

Piety:  God never reasons to prove His truths. He watches as we modify His edicts, claiming to innocently micromanage His laws, hoping He will overlook our changes and ignore them as insignificant. That makes Him a changing God and I believe He never is or will be.

Pyrrho:  Believers in God claim He has a sense of humor. What humor can there be without change? Perhaps an unchanging God, existing in timelessness to prevent change, creates time in Creation so He can enjoy our human comedy. If He is anything like us humor is essential for His wellbeing.

Muggins:  Spending eternity in timelessness could never be paradise for me. I would never consider this salvation but might reconsider its promise if it consisted of being reborn in our present Creation.

Schaman:  You may have no choice in determining your fate after death; it is never decided by you. If your life here has been living hell touched by rare scattered moments of elation, would you choose to exist in it again? Your words tell of never-ending struggles so why would consider life again in this Creation?  

Muggins:  My peace is found in dreamless sleep providing salvation from tormented wakefulness. How do I discover this nirvana?

Schaman:  You seek the state of nothingness, thinking it can be found, prompting you to end your existence to gain nothingness. Creation never exists with nothingness. You will fail to find it by escaping existence with immolation of your mind to drugs or death by self-destruction.

Muggins:  You believe disassembly of my parts can never achieve nothingness, always leaving something, pieces for reconstituting existence, components for reuse. If such parts bear my memories, I will continue sufferings inherited from my previous existence. You did say nothingness is impossible for everything, including our perceptions of void, and that must include our memories, unable to be destroyed in a nonexistent nothingness.

Pyrrho:  My reason reaches the brink of nonsense, ready to enter the realm of nonexistent nothingness, but if I am compelled to believe in persistence of memories they must include unwanted recollections of terrible happenings as well as a few good ones, neither of which results in a nothingness after discarding memories as trash. 

Minerva:  Admit who fills your beliefs with theories of nothingness. Intellectual scribes and scholars reason all begin spontaneously from nothing, recruiting theories of a Big Bang, creating something from the void with a cosmic explosion, revealing their reason’s absurdity, and if nothingness was real, borrowed from the void scriptures describe, it is incorporated in their conclusions.

Schaman:  Everything must begin with something.

Piety:  Creation’s goodness, beauty and love cannot be reasoned to develop spontaneously out of nothingness, nor do they exist without rhyme or reason. Never trust reason for explaining God’s Word to create everything, an assurance entrusted to belief. Beasts exist without knowledge, living only by instincts until God decided to give a primate the human spirit, equipping one to experience life streaming with His goodness, beauty and love.

Azusa:  God thereby equips us to be blessed, to gain everything by following His prophets’ message, interpreted and woven into orthodoxy’s decrees, commanding us to obey God’s edicts.

Schaman:  His commands are clear and simple, but orthodoxy uses different interpretations for people to obey. 

Pyrrho:  Using our reason we must think critically to decide which truths of different orthodoxies to follow.

Schaman:  Critical thinking relies on accurate information to form conclusions, but do we trust any information is acceptable, resistant to change by time, resulting in truths coming and going, confusing people to ask what constitutes truth.

Muggins:  To think critically never lose your conviction of wanting to be me, defending your self-satisfying appraisal to determine all verities.

Schaman:  No one but you suffer from “wanting to be me”, suffering from realizing all your trusted verities eventually fail confirmation, leaving you hopeless, waiting for nothingness to overtake you. 

Piety:  God offers everyone redemption, promising them salvation up until their final moments of life, redemption to escape the hell of nothingness.

Pyrrho:  That conviction doesn’t square with orthodoxy’s claim we must work out salvation, doing many mandatory obligations, extending good deeds throughout our lifetime.

Muggins:  Can anyone trust those convictions? Why should a worker joining their God’s task at the last moment before sundown earn the same as ones laboring since sunrise, slaving through heat of the day? If salvation comes so easy, I will wait until my life is ending to work for redemption claimed to be needed for eternal existence, giving me a dubious reward for being born sinful through no fault of my own. 

Pyrrho:  Can anyone trust undefinable rewards promised by untrustworthy deities, unreasonable assurances tempting people’s hope? Can there be peace in nothingness, peace being a reward only for the living? Is there peace after dismantling one’s existence? On death peace can only remain with the soul. Peace cannot exist where change demolishes a person’s mortal remains.

Muggins:  You pray for things that others hope for and people can expect the same for either, realizing what’s sought for can be transformed into the unwanted, making it better to offer no prayers and hope for nothing, to willingly accept what fate has to offer. Beware of salvation’s prayed-for and hoped-for illusions, believing in an eternity of joy instead of nothingness. 

Pyrrho:  Imagine what God might do when He runs out of ideas on planning, making eternity a curse of unending repetition, tempting us to obey His commands so we will suffer with Him. You call that salvation?

Schaman:  People will never remember anything from this life, forgetting imaginations on what salvation must be. Their memories will be erased before salvation can resurrect them and place them in another world to exist as they did before, consigning them to live and suffer again. With memories from their previous life, resurrected humans would refuse to live again as they did before.

Able:  God’s plans for us must be different. Salvation must be more than repeating what has already been done. 

Schaman:  His plans may be different, and we can only speculate and imagine what we hope them to be.

Muggins:  I can’t trust Him, believing He plans for more of the same. With the favorite epithet of proclaiming we Rest in Peace, our life has never been a bowl of cherries, and I fear any existence we would suffer through again, rejecting what any existence the ruse of salvation might offer. 

Piety:  I claim salvation for only my soul, trusting it to exist without my mortal components, realizing the harm they can do to an eternal existence. I trust in only my soul to bring me eternal joy.

Pyrrho:  Life here contaminates people’s souls and cleansing must be done to accommodate eternal joy, knowing everyone is a victim, all having been born in sin.

Schaman:  Humans trust in their own efforts for decontaminating their souls, and waste time listening to doctrinal directions for a soul’s cleansing, realizing dogmatic ways for a soul’s purification changes, disappearing to relieve all of guilt, and we will eventually be satisfied in purifying our souls.

Pyrrho:  Humans find success in dismissing their conscience callings and exercise reason’s advice to follow my ways. 

Piety:  One’s my ways can never cleanse a person’s soul, working out one’s salvation must follow an orthodoxy’s directions. 

Minerva:  God must have a plan to conserve His Creation, trying as He has done by sending us so many prophets with His message. 

Muggins:  Humans have seized control of Creation, exercising a God’s mandate to be His steward for managing its direction, telling Him they can do things their way and need no messages sent through His prophets. His long-standing practice of advising us fails. His intervention in our lives to create religions flounders as reason makes its way to direct everything we do. 

Minerva:  Humans develop religions, creating as many as their imaginations can allow, disregarding messages delivered to their souls, edicts confirming Creation’s goodness, beauty and His love. Religions should disappear when failing to proclaim God’s directions for worshipping His work. Without religion people would be forced to find new reasons to hate and destroy each other. 

Muggins:  If salvation brings me to meet your God face to face, and I find Him in my image, making me defective and filled with inborn sin, give me a reason to honor and worship someone like me.

Pyrrho:  Your critique of God entertains good reason for our salvation to include Creation’s destruction and resurrection of our remains to life in a new world, giving Him a chance to correct His errors. 

Muggins:  If we can fault our short comings as His errors, a God should forget sins He holds us accountable for and save everyone, judging no one will be condemned and discarded into an imaginary void of nothingness.

Able:  You greatly desire pleasure and justify it by claiming you are worthy of it?

Pyrrho:  Can an unchanging God have something to reverse His Word that created us, to change His mind that introduced error into Creation’s goodness?

Muggins:  His errors are apparent for all to see. So much for Creation’s attributes.

Schaman:  Our perceptions of Creation’s goodness convinces us we must judge everything, to examine all the faults we can blame it for, believing humans cannot be happy with errors they discern, trusting our world lacks goodness that we should reciprocate, forcing us to survive by reason’s suggestions.

Pyrrho:  Everyone knows fate commits us to exist in an imperfect Creation, wondering if goodness tolerates its flaws.

Schaman:  Can we define goodness? Does it have limits. Can it be judged in degrees or is it absolute? We are urged to test everything and accept only what is good, but what is good, who determines what is good? People rely on their experiences to judge what is good. They dismiss Creation’s goodness so they cannot count on God’s judgement to be better than theirs.

Piety:  Creation’s goodness is absolute and unchanging, requiring humans to be no different, but realizing this is impossible with our coming cursed, the distinction of being born in sin. 

Schaman:  Admit Creation cannot be goodness as we like for it to be, and we must determine what it should be, for seeing what it is cannot be decided as virtuous by some deity.

Minerva:  Who should people choose to be spokespersons for judging what goodness must be?

Muggins:  People battle over such selection with the combatants claiming to possess the truth on what constitutes goodness. To be chosen its proponents exude charm for catering to majority wishes.

Pyrrho:  Goodness changes, being flexible as a snake slithering away from danger contesting its existence, knowing goodness precariously threatens to demolish our free will.

Schaman:  Goodness always loses its battles with free will. 

Muggins:  Then give good reason for us to have free will, claiming people improve with time, never constraining their freedoms. 

Minerva:  People exercise free will to change their standards for goodness, crediting evolutionary progression for their betterment, tinkering with its codes to enhance improvement, experimenting with forbidden reason to dismantle edicts of God’s goodness.

Schaman:  Why not let us try, seeing how He has failed with all the prophets He sends with His message?

Minerva:  He never gives up. People trust His unknown plans for us must have a purpose to embody goodness for Creation, and we should abandon our ways attempting to complete them for Him.

Muggins:  Our ways show much progress, better than His.

Minerva:  We don’t follow His ways, dividing us by creating religions, realizing they prohibit human interactions, and we cease following God’s ways in favor of our own.

Muggins:  Then you admit failure for the practice of sending prophets with His message.

Minerva:  That failure is ours.

Pyrrho:  With everyone born in sin failing, how can anyone believe in salvation, thinking an individual can be forgiven, redeemed and restored to live again in some paradise? If being born in sin makes a person interesting, could a saved sinner find existence in heaven exciting or amusing, finding no one sinful to interact with? 

Schaman:  In defense of His goodness God would be forced to save everyone, and no one would require any commitment to the myriad interpretations claimed for His message.

Muggins:  Your conclusion is reasonable but having had no choice on being created and placed in His Creation, a deity with God’s power should give us the choice of opting out of continuation in His plan and choose nothingness. I can’t trust Him, having experienced the life scribes claim He planned for me in Creation. Read what they have to say: God has plans for you. 

Schaman:  God’s followers imagine He is the only one giving them hope, with them finding no evidence of hope in Creation’s goodness.

Pyrrho:  Hope drives existence, the illusion humans rely to on to reveal goodness in evolutionary advancement. 

Muggins:  Thus, Creation was never made good. Any goodness for it must be promised and if we are designated to be Creation’s stewards its advancement is up to us, possibly if we can claim evolutionary growth, trusting it exists to advance us for greater and longer survival.

Schaman:  Evolutionary growth may extend human life spans but expect no more than a longer sojourn in limbo, a time when people’s best days are corrupted by aging processes, hoping only for death, escaping into complete nothingness from dismal life tormenting experiences. 

Muggins:  Our destiny is almost complete nothingness, reducing our remains to ashes, dashed components once supporting our life, and we trust they will remain nothing more than dust.

Minerva:  Your ashes, once constituting your body, made from Creation’s dust, returns to the nothingness it came from, but your soul was never part of nothingness, being created by God’s breath, and it will never suffer the destiny of a person’s ashes, remaining as indestructible. Human souls are energies never made from matter and God doesn’t destroy energy like He creates and transforms matter.

Pyrrho:  Does everyone then burn in Hell, suffering all to death’s decay while preserving our souls? Our body’s disintegration destroys all ability to suffer, leaving the only possibility for suffering with our souls. Scribes interpreting prophets’ messages from God claim we will have material bodies in order to suffer His vengeance for our sinful life in Creation.

Minerva:  Now you can see how scholars misinterpret His message, trusting their imaginations to judge others when they deem retribution is essential to punish human thoughts, words and activities. God weeps watching humans punish each other in ways only their free will can imagine. He ends their sufferings at the hands of others and by restricting our lifespans to what we can tolerate. 

Schaman:  Suffering’s disappointments continue throughout life. Death pronounces a blessing to rest in peace, ending our disappointments and any hope for bliss we imagine life should be.

Muggins:  We do the best we can, dismissing what others tell us, rejecting our thoughts, words and actions, watching to criticize everything our free will decides. Did a God of Creation make us to interact with others, allow no exceptions, and plan us to suffer greatest punishment by isolation, imprisoning us from all other humans, creating us to never know peace, reserving it until we die? Until then our existence compels us to suffer disappointments.

Schaman:  Our free will allows us to criticize everything and this we do, compelling us to interact with everyone and everything to pronounce judgment, following wise ones’ interpretations of messages believed to be sent by God.

Pyrrho:  Lacking all possibility for interaction, we can’t suffer disappointment, but God forcing us to interact with other humans commits us to suffer. 

Schaman:  Do you deny suffering for ones in isolation? Existing in nothingness avoids all possibility for suffering.

Muggins:  This being your truth represents us all, with each human believing my truth may be different but is as good as yours.

Pyrrho:  This makes it impossible to believe Creation is good as God claims, having made it with beauty and His love. Not all humans trust that truth, believing in verities of their own.

Muggins:  Diligent inquiry may establish trust in someone’s truth but realizing it can never last no effort is worthwhile. My parents’ truths taught me how to live and I depend on their directions.

Piety:  Did they instruct you to depend on hope, telling you to trust in more to come after your life here?

Muggins:  My existence ends no different than for a dead horse, subject to Creation’s rendering plant, making it fodder to support other life, including it in its circle of life.

Schaman:  People prefer no inclusion in any circle of life, preserving and hiding their dead remains, isolating them from Creation’s forces of demolition.

Pyrrho:  Dead life’s remains can be protected from destruction by Creation’s outside involvement, but destiny assures their annihilation by insider activities, once being necessary for survival but eventually essential to the circle of life.

Muggins:  Knowing that, why do many believe in preserving dead people’s remains, thinking resurrection is possible by restoring their composition, trusting illusions hoping for the impossibility of reappearing as one born again in sin. What could Creation’s goodness profit from such a circle of life? 

Pyrrho:  Goodness never profits from such punishment, showing failure that it will never claim. If we can be born again, must we be once more born sinful, enslaved to committing iniquities. Why should being reborn privilege us greater than innocent infants contaminated with sin by God’s choice? 

Muggins:  Indeed. If goodness prevails without any exceptions, judgment is never needed, and punishment can never be justified. If we depend on a God to judge and punish people for disobeying His trusted edicts, considered to be manifestation of Creation’s goodness, believing we are born in sin, we entangle ourselves in an enigma with no escape. 

Schaman:  Can we define goodness? Does it have limits. Can it be judged in degrees or is it absolute? We are urged to test everything and accept only what is good, but what is good, who determines what is good? People rely on their experiences to judge what is good. They dismiss Creation’s goodness so they cannot count on God’s judgement to be better than theirs.

Schaman:  If God recognizes what He has done, creating us born to sin, giving us free will to seek ways for escaping its consequences, and claiming Creation epitomizes goodness, He should reason like us, admit His mistakes, destroy His works and begin all over.

Pyrrho:  That would compel Him to question His judgment on everything He does, relieve Him of making decisions on people’s salvation, cleanse humans’ disobedience who ignore His questionable commands.

Schaman:  God made the grave error of creating humans to have free will, making goodness impossible for His Creation, allowing people to determine all by defining what goodness is. God doesn’t have to live here like us. Reason dictates occupants of a cosmic home should establish what represents goodness.

Muggins:  People can’t agree on defining goodness, each having their own version claimed to be as good as another’s. Reason never tolerates consensus.  

Minerva:  Perhaps everyone here will be saved, have their sinfulness erased, their free will dismantled, and be placed where God’s goodness truly exists and eternal life is guaranteed. Thereby, God wouldn’t have to destroy Creation and leave it with the mysterious faults defying goodness that humans can’t understand.

Muggins:  You would have a God destroy His Creation which He claims to be good? Or would humans favor its destruction because they can’t identify its goodness?

Piety:  Judgment is essential to ensure Creation’s well-being without which existence would be total chaos. Believers trusting in God insist on His judgment to punish people disobeying His commands. We call on Him to recognize sinners and deal with them appropriately. Could you imagine what life would be like if no one prayed for His judgment to prevail?

Able:  How does God judge? Does He use us to develop criteria for judgment? If any judgment made by humans is impossible, never knowing whether any standards for determining human actions faithfully conform with Creation’s goodness, God must forgive all, regardless what they say or do. Human judgments result from people’s diversities expressed in convictions so numerous that make everyone sinners, disobeying edicts imagined and created to punish everyone. 

Schaman:  If God forgives sinners no one would fear meeting them in heaven, trusting He would forgive them for living here in sin and never be disappointed He created death to dismiss errors in their past. Isn’t our demise enough punishment without carrying it further for our ashes, scolding our unfeeling remains?

Minerva:  We don’t know God’s plans, if He has any for our future. People try to interpret His message by creating religions, tokens to dangle as jewelry defining their existence, but they lose their charm with individuals following their free will, reasoning to define themselves. 

Muggins:  I could accept any plans for Creation’s destruction, seeing how it has failed, with development of an improved cosmos, but I wouldn’t choose to participate in any new experiment. With my experience here, I wouldn’t trust any improvement to be satisfactory, forcing me to exist eternally in anything new a God fashions out of chaos, certain to perpetuate life’s boredom.

Pyrrho:  Boredom is impossible without change, altering the furnishings of one’s mind until all options are presented, exhausting all possibilities before bringing on monotony. 

Minerva:  Changelessness brings consistency, making boredom impossible where thoughts can never dwell on anything changing, and salvation for eternity is possible if a person joins God outside of time in His eternal existence.

Muggins:  My happiness depends on change. Can it ever be experienced with a God who exists outside of time? 

Minerva:  Happiness comes as a transient vagrant, vanishing before it can be savored. Seek joy lasting into eternity instead.

Pyrrho:  For what good reason is change essential, perhaps as an experimental trial God knows little about, believing He exists outside of time where change is never possible? When He tires of Creation, realizing its failure, acknowledging people minimize His message, God would be justified in destroying everything here and moving humans on, into a new Creation.

Muggins:  Brilliant minds believe other universes exist and destroying ours here should present no problems with a God moving us to another one. People believe in other places, ones that could be considered heaven, and who knows if one is His abode outside of time.

Schaman:  Believers maintain everything and anything is possible for God, and He may have stumbled on a way to create us with free will, expecting all to make decisions acceptable for Him. Our Creation may be one failing but giving it ability to change is never for its betterment with humans driving the vehicle of change to destruction.

Muggins:  How long will it take for a God to accept failure for His experiment and begin salvation for humans committed to termination in death?

Piety:  Salvation is possible now.

Muggins:  It may be available for some, requiring a hodge-podge of preconditions, filling me with uncertainty by hawkers promoting people to join their vanity fair, each one promising eternal life with their pie in the sky. 

Able:  Maybe we satisfy religion’s preconditions without knowing it by being forced to live in Creation, obligated to be born in sin, and fated to die after existing through a determined time suffering countless disappointments. 

Schaman:  No one knows God. He might surprise us with salvation for all. If He truly loves us, more than favoring us as a prized creation, fulfilling an obligation to reward us for our time imprisoned in Creation and acknowledge its suffering, God might have plans to invite everyone into His existence, eternal life for all.

Pyrrho:  Eternal life for everyone gives no one a choice, being no different than our creation without any input from us. Some might choose to be left alone, hoping death guarantees nothingness, isolating them from any unimaginable whims of God. He never indicates what His next moves might entail.

Muggins:  If a God promises everyone salvation, should I trust Him to resurrect me to the most pleasant moments I ever experienced? Would that remain unending for eternity? If I exist with a God’s timelessness, how could I change to another of my pleasant moments?

Schaman:  Perhaps there would be no more pleasant moments. You were created to eventually tire of all such times, making it impossible to enjoy them eternally. God would have to change you, to do more than cleanse you of your sins.

Muggins:  I can’t trust your God, creating me without my consent, planning to end my existence without a moment’s notice, designing me to suffer disappointments, burdening me with the dubious gift of free will, expecting me to make decisions when His brilliant plan to create time changes life’s obstacles, making me stumble in efforts to exist.

Able:  You trust no one and blame God for it all, criticizing and ridiculing everything created to embrace His goodness.

Muggins:  I tire of hearing beliefs crediting Him with everything and accept none of their imaginations. Evolutionary development elevates me to what I am, allowing me to define who I can be, and being critical of others drives me to be one surviving as the fittest. I fear any form of salvation, ignoring my survival as the fittest, reducing my standing to those common people, 

Pyrrho:  Believers in God are no different, trusting to be one in God’s hierarchy, working feverishly to become one of His favorites, a survivor most fit in obedience to Him, making for little difference between survival of fittest here and survival of the most obedient for salvation to be with Him.

Muggins:  Condemned at conception, born to sin, humans can never become one of a God’s favorites, leaving them to rely on favoring themselves by acquiring their own fitness to survive.

Schaman:  You must realize that salvation for everyone levels the field, making human’s fitness equal for all, and with that illusion people would never improve, never attempt to better themselves.

Muggins:  They never do here and now, playing games with religious doctrines to define goodness and avoid obedience to messages their God sends them.

Schaman:  Beware of what evolutionary survival of the fittest might accomplish. If done at God’s direction, it would improve humans so they would understand how to become a part of Creation’s goodness and beauty’s expression of its love, leaving Him no options but salvation for all.

Azusa:  Salvation for all ignores doctrines detailing Creation’s goodness, dogmas humans establish to develop standards of perfection for God, believing we might work hard, become like Him, and share eternity with Him.

Schaman:  He would never allow anyone to become like Him. To be in His likeness and united with Him forever, existing alike in thoughts and deeds, with all souls’ diversity being acceptable, everyone would struggle to rule, bringing their experience with them in salvation. No one would survive in His kingdom, trusting it as nothingness compared with their existence in Creation.

Pyrrho:  See how people admit Creation bears worthiness but criticize it for imaginary flaws, believing it should be demolished, never admitting humans will find fault in any different cosmos that salvation might offer. Humans can’t be resurrected from death and be cleansed of having been human. It would require God to create something different from what we are.

Muggins: Admitting we are what we are, salvation offers us eternal boredom in sharing a God’s goodness, never stepping outside His limiting bounds, or we could choose an offer of nothingness, an option assured by denial of Creation’s goodness during our existence here.

Schaman:  If Creation is flawed, why should salvation promise anything different, both created for human beings? If God admits His mistake and offers something for correction, why should we trust it?  We can’t count on His love that forces us to suffer disappointment.  

Pyrrho:  Without disappointment occupying most moments, our time would be entrenched in boredom. Which would be worse, disappointment or boredom, hoping something else would intervene?

Muggins:  Creation offers hope in nature’s chemicals to dull our senses, taking us into a different world where we can escape from commitments to life’s destiny, providing us with a heaven on earth.

Schaman:  Then salvation must provide us with our world’s same opportunity, dulling our senses from existence to assure we will no longer suffer from disappointments or wallow in boredom. 

Able:  Salvation must be resurrection to something we can understand, to comprehend using the hopes we develop in Creation, more than the same we live with now.

Minerva:  Only your imagination can suggest what salvation might offer, and you must realize its opportunities are everlasting, making you decide if they represent experiences you could accept for eternity, knowing existence with God outside of time offers no changes and you could innovate nothing. Eventually eternity would show you everything and without change could offer you nothing new. 

Able:  Indeed. God’s existence in infinity promises all that He can show you is unending, requiring no changes to create anything new.

Pyrrho:  Is Creation God’s crucible for testing what He makes, using evolution and our free will to experiment and evaluate His products, devising new ways to improve its existence, acknowledging it isn’t all good?

Muggins:  He can stir His pot, bringing His brew of Words to boil, beginning with a spark to develop Creation, resulting in a Big Bang, and we wait to see how His experiment plays out.

Able:  If God is responsible for developing everything, with all His results stored in infinity, why should an unchanging God need to experiment with anything, having a warehouse of everything possible? Only He would know if more is needed.

Minerva:  With free will and imagination anyone can conceive what their salvation should be, but no one knows with any certainty and most trust what they are told by others, hoping for a paradise pictured as utopia. If Creation embodies God’s goodness, should it not be a trusted utopia? We all think of salvation as something to dream about, imagining it to represent the best of what we know about here.

Able:  Salvation would then require countless universes to accommodate the best of each one’s imagination. Does God’s infinity contain so many? Does He create more for saving Creation’s growing population, and if He does is He no longer a never changing God, working by stepping outside of timelessness? 

Minerva:  Judgments evaluating who qualifies for salvation is less important, and more attention should be directed to determining what salvation is like. Salvation may be undesirable for some, imagining it may not be for them. 

Able:  If salvation is a great unknown, let all be saved, and permit them to decide on staying after they can evaluate its offerings, and choose on remaining with God and the decrees of His existence forever.

Minerva:  God’s existence can never be boring because it resides outside of time where changelessness prevents trial and error’s futility, restlessly moving from one thing to another until boredom prevails. 

Able:  Living outside of time might make sense, and salvation for all gives everyone the opportunity to decide if it is right for them.

Pyrrho:  What makes your reason so great that you could choose between eternal salvation in righteousness with God and nothingness? Are you one questioning the dogmas of His goodness, beauty and truth, choosing to exist in the nothingness of your reasoning instead?

Muggins:  My reasoning is above reproach, never failing me in anything.

Able:  You are not unique, claiming a universal belief. Who doesn’t differ from you with everyone trusting my truths are as good as yours?

Pyrrho:  If they are, salvation is what one makes it, and no one can be disappointed in their decision, trusting their suffering ends, no longer in disappointment by resting in peace.

Able:  Disappointment’s suffering is impossible after disintegration of our bodies, with only one’s soul surviving, continuing in peace, free of ordeals committed by the flesh, finally able to proclaim, free at last, I’m free at last.

Pyrrho:  Ones trusting in our body’s resurrection look forward to continuation of disappointments. How can it be any different, knowing our flesh was made for suffering, our free will guiding its way into disappointments. God gives us free will to choose and we may favor activities certain to cause disappointment. 

Minerva:  A God can favor us with a salvation of our choosing and promise it for all but be careful that your decision might bring eternal suffering disappointments in His timeless kingdom where nothing can change. It would be better to endure hell fires causing painful suffering, realizing fire by nature can never be lasting, nor can our flesh, as time eventually extinguishes both. God has no reason for fire in His kingdom, restricting it to Creation for perpetuating its change.

Muggins:  If one cannot trust your God’s decisions directing one’s life here, why should I trust what He might offer anyone in salvation? If I believe it must remain in His hands, it is likely I will suffer disappointment for eternity, imprisoned with regrets forever. 

Pyrrho:  If I believe in resurrection and God follows through with prophets claiming He plans to destroy Creation, my abode will be demolished, leaving me homeless in a vast arena of nothingness, hopeless with my imaginations dashed, seeing no place in the cosmos worth living forever.

Muggins:  What have you accomplished that deserves salvation? You should be happy your carcass, subject to torment battering you with suffering disappointment, will cease to exist.

Able:  I fear salvation for all, realizing God will never judge anyone differently, compelling me to exist forever with bad humans who might punish good people for eternity and torment me without retribution, realizing He must never exercise judgment in any new Creation. If He continues to believe we must have free will, peace can never prevail.

Minerva:  Salvation promising us the peace of timelessness cannot allow anyone to exercise free will because this freedom with no ability to change anything is impossible in any heaven God plans for us. We know nothing about a salvation that might await us or a nothingness that ends our existence. If you could choose which one would you pick? 

Able:  Salvation might offer something better than what our life was, or it may represent more of the same with or without any better way to manage its direction, hoping it could continue with our free will to harvest golden fruit from our bounties of existence. But God could erase our option to direct our lives and manage it Himself, making us robots to follow His ways.

Pyrrho:  If we choose to be included in the timelessness of salvation, we condemn ourselves to an eternity of allowing nothing to change, giving no opportunity to leave and try something else. 

Muggins:  We are stuck where we are, given no choice on being created, none on being placed on earth, given futile directions on how to exist and a myriad of suggestions on what might follow. 

Minerva:  It is apparent we have no choice, created to be trapped by destiny, victims bearing illusions of having free will, somehow believing in salvation because we don’t want everything to end. Why not ease our burden, imagining we have a choice and trust in salvation, even if we can’t know what it entails? We have nothing to lose.

Able:  People’s imaginations of salvation attempt to satisfy needs that were never met during their existence here, and because their desires are legion my salvation can never be like others. 

Minerva:  God never reveals conditions for salvation, nothing to satisfy people’s desires, other than to make claims for Creation’s goodness filled with beauty and His love. People’s existence here is determined by religion’s manipulation of these realities to meet their wants and desires. Salvation will never be the same for everyone, making it an individual option tailored to satisfy each person. 

Pyrrho:  Creation’s conditions stated by God require interactions humans are made to possess but require cooperation and compromise they refuse to implement. Forcing people to interact with Creation’s conditions is living hell for most and ignored by all.

Able:  Permit people’s contentment to include their visions of salvation, easing their final living moments with illusions of resting in peace, dreaming of some serenity to follow. 

Minerva:  Fear drives humans to hope for salvation, but God never promotes fear, realizing humans are responsible for spreading fear and it is always to achieve their goals, telling us the fear of God must be in our hearts. We cannot blame Him for our fear if He never created us to fear. It remains for prophetic doomsayers to predict the world’s demise, scheduling it for some Day of the Lord with a cataclysm everyone should fear, preaching that we must all be prepared. 

Muggins:  It is not only religious leaders invoking the name of a God to promote such fears. Wannabe leaders learn to use fear to gain followers, to become deities for others to join in worshipping.

Piety:  I look forward to the Day of the Lord, trusting it will be no doomsday, being a time God conveys me to heaven, sweeping me up from whatever I’m doing and mystifying others over my disappearance.

Pyrrho:  Humans may incomprehensibly disappear, leaving no trace of their leaving until fragments of their remains are unearthed, with dust fermented from their bodies blown into the earth’s atmosphere but never leaving for some heavenly place.

Minerva:  People’s souls are the only belongings that can leave to find salvation.

Muggins:  What can a God rebuild from the framework of one’s soul? Is it merely something for connection with some God, waiting for a way to insure interactions with Him? His original plan failed with hardly any reaching out to acknowledge Creation’s goodness and beauty fashioned with His love.

Schaman:  No one deserves salvation. All should be recalled to rework the world’s faulty design and that should not be blamed on any defects in Creation’s goodness, requiring work to mend its ways. This is imperative before human errors destroy Creation’s goodness.

Minerva:  Salvation is only for one’s soul. Expecting more is a fantasy, believing our mortal remnants will be restored to more of the same. Therefore, every person’s soul should be preserved, creations of God’s Word that He would never destroy or discard, being the essential component of Creation’s goodness, representing the beauty of His love.

Piety:  I want salvation to preserve memories of my dear ones, allowing me to rejoin my loved ones.

Minerva:  Memories from your past existence cannot be sorted through to save its favored ones and discard all others. Your cherished ones who neglected God, using Him primarily to pray for their wants and desires, dismissed His control of their life by putting their will in charge of its direction. If He learned anything, human souls will not be associated again with a body to use free will for its direction.

Schaman:  God may be challenged, creating a different body for human souls, one without free will, and re-evaluate the use of instincts created as robots in the beasts He made us from.

Minerva:  He left those instincts within us and added one for us to know Him, and connecting it to the soul He prepares for us, we have all we need to hear and understand His message, to interact with Him and obey His command showing Creation bears a goodness we should all worship.

Muggins:  I do well with my beastly instincts, following them as my will desires, knowing my body can limit any excesses, counseling me to cease abuses, and I need no connections with any God to moderate my desires.

Minerva:  Your soul remains empty, never filled with the Holy Spirit, rejected by your choice, freely ignoring God’s offer to direct your life, but your soul doesn’t remain as junk, saving it as the only thing essential for rebuilding your existence, and you have no control over salvation’s reconstruction of your being. 

Muggins:  Where would a God place me? Somewhere He could try again to fill me with His envoy’s messages, credentialed to be a counselor posing as a Holy Spirit, competing with all other beings on a mission to share their messages, truths no one will trust. I prefer resting in peace rather than being bombarded by others testing their truths on me, hoping I am gullible enough to believe their lies.

Minerva:  If possible, would you reject God’s offer of salvation, trusting He would offer it only once to engage your free will for deciding, realizing your demise would make it too late, with its consequences irrevocable?

Muggins:  I’ll stand by my expected outcome, promising Rest in Peace. Life has been enough, and I expect no more.

Pause six
Return to contents

Minerva:  With the inauguration of a new Creation you could lead the way for developing a society implementing God’s goodness for everything, being His leader to proclaim beauty and love for all. 

Muggins:  That has been tried and failed. Creating humans with free will allowed them to explore possibilities to rule lives themselves and they developed democracy, thinking everyone will be treated equally and never suffer from lack of needs a God promises for all to share. Given eons to develop self-rule, people have failed to develop this utopia, seeing democratic dystopias where wealth of Creation’s riches deprives many of needs some God provides for all to share.

Schaman:  You imagine a God’s conditions for a commander of chief ruling utopia, a heaven where everyone is equal and shares all needs with others, where humans are saved to be robots, moving about aimlessly, having lost their free will and unable to think with their existence determined by Him. People without their freedom would lose any ability to assist God for improving Creation’s goodness and beauty developed by His love. Without our assistance Creation would never have been improved to where it is now. I can’t imagine spending eternity without free will, in timelessness with nothing to do. 

Pyrrho:  God’s greatest ingenuity is to create everything different, especially to ensure we are never the same, giving each one different abilities, making no one like another, and if He removes our inequalities and makes everyone the same, suggested to be our destiny with salvation recreating us for heaven, I will regret ever being created and fated to an utopian existence.

Minerva:  Free will and diversity reflect God’s brilliance, and salvation to heaven must assure they are never dismissed in favor of equality and dreary monotony.

Pyrrho:  Inequality allows goodness to grow, never accepting it remains static, as we recognize its continuous blossoming, and with God directing its evolution we must acknowledge He exists in time, finding timelessness tediously boring.

Muggins:  With complete equality goodness has no reason to grow, being a virtue requiring no improvement, leaving people without any diversity. We would be nothing without it, zombies on a stage of nothingness.

Minerva:  We can develop better suggestions, having been taught we are made in His image and must think like Him, sorting through imaginations He possesses to grow goodness. We try to grow goodness, but our selfish desires impede its development. Perhaps salvation’s clearing out our mortal defects gathers everyone’s souls together for understanding God’s truth and offer Him suggestions for its improvement. We have learned so much here in Creation, giving us many ideas on working and growing His goodness. 

Muggins:  We have learned how not to live, making so many mistakes because we hardly know how to control our instincts, pushing us beyond moderation, trusting our frenzied impulses to sustain our impassioned hopes.

Able:  Salvation transforms us, so hope is no longer needed, changing us from our ways of living here, where hope is essential for acquiring unneeded things and happenings our instincts pray to have. 

Piety:  Hope is essential for my salvation and remains my obsession. Hope persists for everything I never had here. What good is salvation if my most coveted desires are denied forever?

Able:  Do you trust coveted desires will fade away and eventually disappear or will heaven’s timelessness protect them from change, so they remain forever? Which would you prefer? You could never have both.

Muggins:  If salvation transforms me into a being accepting unchanging timelessness, I must become a robot, directed by intelligence scripted by a God.

Schaman:  Human wisdom will never understand salvation, finding fault with its conditions, distrusting its unknowns, so people strive to maintain a longer time here, fighting age’s crippling consequences that reduce their moments of happiness. Creation lacks goodness by doing nothing to combat aging, by continuing to make us its victims.

Minerva:  God’s gift of free will gives everyone ability to control life as they wish, and with our demise it is His turn to determine everything, giving everyone salvation but under His terms. Thinking humans will continue managing everything makes salvation the grand illusion. Prepare yourselves for disappointments if you hope for anything different, and don’t forget that such illusions promise sufferings to continue. 

Pyrrho:  Why should we hope for salvation if we can never know all its conditions demanding our obedience? Will God hold our feet to the fire, torturing us as needed to belong with Him? 

Muggins:  Salvation may have that provision to keep us in line, threatening us with suffering to make us obey.

Able:  Suffering is meted out as a disappointment for avoiding interactions with Him, ignoring His commands, and if our free will remains unchanged in salvation, our sufferings will continue. We must be willing to forego free will and join the Covenant made with His promises. That has never happened.

Piety:  I surrender nothing God created for me to be, never relinquishing my free will. He empowers me to be more than a beast, reasoning for me to be crown of Creation. We boast of all He makes us to be and that must include our sufferings, knowing disappointments of suffering produces endurance, and endurance creates character, and character is essential for hope, and hope can never disappoint us, knowing the love of God fills our heart with joy.

Muggins:  Endurance is an illusion, trusting it to create character, believing it is essential for hope, but it is never lasting, subject to dissipation by time’s aging on one’s mind and body. Illusions can be fortified with hopeless endurance laboring to complete life’s race, believing a race well-run is all that counts, but nothingness waits at the finish line for everyone. 

Able:  When I run the race well, joy becomes my reward, accomplishing all what I hoped for. 

Pyrrho:  God makes a mistake, thinking provisions of His Covenants with humans supersede any decisions they freely make, and trust salvation to change that. You endure suffering for no good reason, ending it in failure, or perhaps it achieves by ending in success of nothingness. 

Muggins:  Free will is my most important possession and I could never accept its loss. Salvation could never compensate me with anything on its absence. How could it ever be replaced, and with what?

Minerva:  Your imagination isn’t capable of ruminating over all God’s possibilities for us in salvation, verifying its contemplations are only illusions for limiting our hopes, prompting us to dream on to trust what salvation would encompass. 

Schaman:  Visions of salvation’s pricelessness change, shifting between fulfillment of nonsense wants and desires to resting in the peace of nothingness, and I wonder if such peace might represent eternal monotony in God’s unchanging kingdom.

Pyrrho:  Must I choose between the two, making a decision that would be everlasting? Using my free will for a decision now, believing that freedom will disappear with my demise, I am forced to invite my imagination to develop credible illusions for what salvation might consist of and decide if it is worthwhile.

Able:  We cannot determine what is worthwhile in salvation’s offerings since that must be based on what anyone has here and now. 

Muggins:  If I possess no verities to judge salvation, I cannot make any judgement on what it is like, and I waste my time listening to pundits’ preaching on its existence as a paradise for believers in some God’s verses and a den of everlasting torment for souls who reject Him.

Nomad:  That returns me to square one, the unknowingness of where I came from, why I am here, and what happens to me with my demise.

Muggins:  Welcome to humankind, agonizing over unanswered questions.

Piety:  My wants and desires occupy my time, giving me satisfaction, hardly ever distracting me with philosophical disturbances that I don’t need, and I accept existence with measured time as a blessing that never needs further explanations and is seldom distracted by suffering disappointments.

Muggins:  All our existence revolves around suffering disappointments.

Able:  That makes up everyone’s life, hoping for its revision with salvation, thinking the next one will be better.

Schaman:  Salvation can’t destroy one’s predisposition to suffer disappointments, knowing it can only be done by you.

Minerva:  Salvation can be here and now, urging us to improve existence for our progeny by listening to and obeying the Lord God, opening our eyes to His Creation’s goodness and worship its beauty, trusting only in His truth and live by His wisdom to temper suffering disappointment.

Able:  Realizing the progress we make, perhaps God expects an eternity is needed for us to respond and work toward accepting Creation’s goodness, implementing its importance, and achieve His purpose for us.

Muggins:  Results of our achievements prove an eternity will be required. Perhaps this will signal an end for eternity’s need and Creation will continue without any promises how long it will last. 

Minerva:  Salvation may prove to be here in the Creation God prepared for us and if humans ever awaken to how they misuse this home He developed for us, its goodness will be evident and celebrated by everyone. 

Piety:  You blaspheme sacred words and convictions worshipped by orthodoxy, trusted beliefs promising people’s resurrection for life elsewhere, scriptures predicting destruction of Creation with delivery of our restored bodies to a new Creation.

Able:  You reason from your imaginations, ignoring God’s message distorted by scholars who misinterpreted His Words, trusting your illusions to follow His directions, and declare blasphemy for any convictions that differ from yours. 

Minerva:  There can never be a new Creation until it comes from us, opening our eyes to acknowledge the goodness of what we have.

Able:  Are you really convinced the Creation created by God can be restored by us, improving it as a playground for wants and desires, without paying attention to His command for us to obey the charge to be its stewards? 

Muggins:  The poor souls having spent their lives here must be hovering around, waiting to return, thinking salvation promises a return to Creation a God designed for all, waiting in vain for His stewards to fulfill the role He established for them.

Minerva:  Before humans can be stewards, they must understand Creation’s goodness, but they fail to reason its manifestations, thinking it must fulfill their precious wants and desires. Futility intervenes and suffers them with disappointment, 

Schaman:  Appointment as God’s stewards obligates humans to be their brother’s keepers, but they are never compelled to sacrifice their own desires at the expense of others, allowing their free will to determine choices they make interacting with humans, as well as other pieces of His Creation. Many willingly sacrifice tokens of their time and wealth to religions, believing they return to God what belongs to Him.

Muggins:  Must I punch a time clock; return a portion of time a God has given me? Is that for a paycheck to receive my needs from His account?

Pyrrho:  That’s what religious followers are told but their contributions are spent to create never-lasting lavish establishments, kingdoms as thrones with lecterns to preach name it and claim it. 

Muggins:  Why do humans need to name and claim anything if they trust in a God to provide everything, leaving nothing to name and claim?

Pyrrho:  That’s what they are told to do.

Piety:  God’s message says nothing about naming and claiming anything. Creation’s goodness requires no such actions with God providing all human needs. 

Able:  When scholars punch holes in Creation’s goodness, they free people to chase after their own desires, to fulfill wishes Creation fails to provide, to cherish wisdom never from God.

Muggins:  How does one trust in salvation when they discover defects in Creation’s goodness, imperfections contradicting a God’s divinity as Lord of all?

Pyrrho:  Humans create flaws in Creation’s goodness, imagining faults in its fabric, but these develop when prophets and scribes ignore God’s message by recording their own interpretations of what He tells us, forcing us to believe in their versions of salvation. 

Muggins:  How can one trust any version of salvation, legion as they are? With so many, trust in none, realizing no one can know, understanding trust in any is costly, requiring one to tithe and pay for confidence in believing what a religion charges. 

Pyrrho:  Wealthy religious followers never tithe even though their discretionary spending far exceeds what their tithes should amount to. Their donations to be a religious member, even though a meager percent compared to minimal wages, celebrates them as church stalwarts, honoring tokens given of their wealth.

Muggins:  Wealth building temples for religion is squandered by religious followers trusting in a Day of the Lord, appearing sometime soon when a God comes to destroy Creation and decides on something new. 

Pyrrho:  Religious leaders labor to create temples for honoring themselves, proclaiming salvation for most ardent contributors, blessing most dedicated givers.

Muggins:  Should we listen to them, promising us salvation without knowing what it entails. I can develop a design for salvation as believable as any other’s imagination, trusting my illusions are as worthy of belief as anyone else’s.

Minerva:  Salvation for people then becomes a paradise for satisfying their wants and desires, where disappointment is barred from bringing suffering, allowing them to Rest in Peace.

Muggins:  What kind of paradise is for resting in peace?

Able:  Can departed souls maintain their illusions of salvation or will they truly Rest in Peace, having lost all promises that fail in disappointment?

Piety:  Where will God place my soul? Will He remove me from time to get there, so I needn’t spend life years getting there? 

Muggins:  You need to know if getting there is in the realm of time or timelessness.

Schaman:  What difference does that make after one escapes from Creation’s disappointments and suffers no longer? If your soul survives for eternity does it matter if nothing persists to count Creation’s years, having left to travel through the galaxies? 

Minerva:  On death a soul is without a country, unable to survive without a body in Creation, forced to abandon its substance claimed by existence there. Everything belonging to Creation is barred from leaving and nothing escapes but one’s soul belonging to God. Creation thrives on its privileged matter and reforms it with evolutionary change dependent on time. God takes my soul and can redress it in similar fashion. How He does it is what salvation is all about, which can wait for ones resting in peace.

Able:  If one’s soul, being outside of time, never knows the passing of generations with eons escaping without notice, does it make any difference when salvation comes or ever does in a timeless existence? God may have yet to decide what salvation should consist of, and if He is anything like us, He forgets sins we accumulate in Creation, eventually forgiving our unacceptable decisions and moving on to manage His kingdom. Does anyone believe the Creator protects and sustains the conviction humans trust Him with: Vengeance is mine? 

Schaman:  Philosophers, both secular and theocratic, think of ways to explain the cosmos’ ways, but they can never satisfy anyone with understandings of eternity or visions of timelessness. Include imaginations of salvation in their failures, promoting all forms of illusions that come to mind. Do these pundits draw anything useful from their thoughts, anything to better Creation?

Minerva:  Many believe they offer hope, promoting great expectations, people’s only resort to satisfy their desires, and they expect prayer to a deity can soothe their anxieties of hopelessness.

Azusa:  Hope is essential for humans damaging Creation, trying to undo what they have done. Hope is never needed for people responding to God’s message, commanding them to live by Creation’s goodness, acknowledging its beauty, with thoughts and actions of love He makes possible for our existence.

Minerva:  Hope is needed when we don’t live by God’s message. Hope is essential only for our wants and desires, seeking something never in God’s plan. He creates us with hope, suspecting we will ignore His message for protecting and preserving Creation. Hopes for our bodies are useless. He guarantees survival for only our souls, removing them at death from our bodies for cleansing, and reusing them in some unknown way, salvaging them for salvation. 

Schaman:  If God places our soul in a new body, will we be guaranteed protection, assuring a salvation to last for eternity? Will we have any say in where He decides to place us or what He determines for our needs? Salvation may not be satisfying, hearing what Godly believers expect from Him. Humans profess so many desires it seems impossible for God to accommodate everyone. Do humans really understand what He finds unacceptable? 

Pyrrho:  People decide His criteria for unacceptability, preaching on everything He finds displeasing, determining all He finds sinful. Listen to their scholarly wisdom, knowing God’s intentions best, and trusting their understandings.

Piety:  Our soul is but a garden and we sow it with seeds of anxiety, planting it with good intentions, spreading hope throughout, but anxiety is never of the Lord, and our gardens must be filled with paradise, enriched with Creation’s goodness, beauty and love. Salvation comes with cleansing, cleaning out anxiety so we need to hope no more, and in eternity’s timelessness we will never concern ourselves with tomorrows that come no more.

Muggins:  Salvation must be more than that with the boredom of never waiting for tomorrow.

Piety:  That conviction reveals you never want to give up anxiety, the cherished blanket comforting you here. Salvation forces us to give up anxiety on leaving Creation.

Minerva:  Salvation is where humans find goodness, beauty and love, revealing a paradise where we trust they exist. But people have trouble deciding what each one entails and change each virtue’s definition with a new whim’s appearance, making them subject to their own treatment of truth, leaving them to ask what truth is.

Azusa:  Will you enter salvation with God asking do you love me? After He asks three times will you answer Him with your definition of love? Only with the cleansing of your soul so He can instill the love He requires of you will you finally know what love is. Salvation forces you to remain under His supervision and you can never return to where conditional love committed you to suffering disappointment.

Muggins:  And what of beauty? God continuously mars everything in Creation, changing all with time so anything perceived momentarily as beauty soon loses its attraction, ending up in a trash heap, no more than a momento of little value.

Pyrrho:  Goodness flickers like a dying flame, intermittently stoked by changing truths, suffering to die out by its verities snuffed away. 

Muggins:  Goodness can never be accepted by humans living in Creation. People can never know it for goodness, His goodness placed in time’s cauldron for change. Is anything? Remaining good by changing it to better goodness?

Minerva:  Salvation is possible only under rule by a benevolent dictator, realizing democracy always fails, acknowledging only God can be benevolent, and our instincts have driven us to accept and trust people’s autocratic ways. 

Pyrrho:  How does democracy assure liberty for all, acting to protect human rights, proclaiming rights are the same for all? What constitutes God-given rights for all? He makes it impossible for people to know, forcing them to determine how democracy can be fair and equal.

Minerva:  No. Not impossible but difficult. He creates humans with different gifts, unequal aptitudes, making each one unique, and many cannot be assured of equal rights, depriving them of what democracy’s pundits think are God-given rights.

Schaman:  Perhaps salvation is for reconstituting humans, changing everything having made them unique, retransforming them to be God-like so He can accept them into heaven. Creation is designed to be home for unique individuals, but none are prepared to enter heaven, even though many think they are. God’s messages think His prophets can convey edicts, but their disciples alter His Words, manipulating them for change, likening them as a sow’s ears for transformation into anything they desire.

Minerva:  For God to change He must regret saying vengeance is mine, mindful of this when He created us unique with free will, forcing Him to justify a standard salvation for everyone He creates born in sin, uniquely and imperfectly made to be objects for retribution, a defect deserving vengeance for everyone He assures are imperfect sinners.

Pyrrho:  Once He created us without permission we are doomed, subject to live in Creation and forced to suffer the consequences of salvation thereafter. What is our creation for, never having existed before being made by God’s Word, to suffer disappointment whether here on earth or in the monotony of heaven thereafter?

Schaman:  People live on by creating their salvation, never depending on God’s protection to preserve and continue their existence, trusting they make history that will never fade away. History is one thing that remains, and individuals develop its indelibility as their salvation. One must be remembered for what one was and who can assure that better than any other but oneself.

Muggins:  You describe pompous egotists, who never realize they are the minutest fragment of time, waiting for the Armageddon, knowing nothing lasts forever, acknowledging their history will disappear into nothingness.

Minerva:  Human sinful hearts use whatever means to follow their ways, thriving under prevailing popular ideologies to ignore God’s commandments, employing mass media of communications to indoctrinate lies that support sinful ways, creating their own moral standards, and mesmerizing people on what to believe. Convictions develop and are verified as truths by unending repetition of human words and become inerrant beliefs never coming from God, transforming His verities, adjusting and conform them to people’s wants and desires. Moral imperatives come only from God and are never altered except by sinful hearts.

Schaman:  With humans believed to be the highest entity in Creation, using free will to build on their excellence, to become greater than anything God offers with salvation, how can anyone be satisfied existing under His rule, rejecting His edicts as we have in our lives here?

Muggins:  Only by losing our free will and forced to exist with equality for all.

Pyrrho:  Should we respect any human messengers bringing us important news, knowing all modify its contents to suit their convictions, and consider prophets sent by God to be no different, berating our ways us until we relent and believe?

Schaman:  If we suffer our entire lives to gain salvation, will we be offered the choice to love it or leave it? To leave its confines and opt out for nothingness?

Muggins:  People seek places to exist in freedom, allowing free will to roam and satisfy their wants and desires, for protecting everyone’s thoughts and activities, for escaping from all oppression, but salvation traps us from freedom to choose.

Pyrrho:  Well said. Salvation destroys human’s freedom, removing the choice to freely follow our will, wondering if anyone will accept our loss of legalized unbridled passions to do whatever is wanted, having been sanctified as human rights. Justification of our convictions by democracy’s flowering words, developed for legalizing human rights considered to be people’s best expression for living by moral obligations, never approaches God’s commandments and we can never accept any salvation decided by Him, extending to it freedoms people expect as everyone’s right.

Schaman:  People continue to reject God’s messengers, transforming His Words to subvert their meaning, replacing His convictions with human ideologies battling each other, groups uniting to disrupt societies and cultures who fear anyone coming to change their ways, bringing tidings denouncing sinful ways common to all. People tolerate ones ordained to be God’s messenger, knowing they do little harm.

Minerva:  Whatever can change its appearance soon eludes us, assured by time ticking without pause, promising truth we seek to slip through our contemplations faster than quicksilver, remaining only momentarily. We depend on our truths to persist and count on them to remain long after contemporary thoughts change them to new verities hoped by some to remain. So, it is with God’s messages subject to human manipulation.

Pyrrho:  We may be made for interactions with others, but no one can be united with another, each with free will to establish their own truths, trusting belief in my truth is as good as anyone else’s, knowing all truths exist only for manipulation.

Able:  Creation must thereby fail, acknowledging divided societies, cultures, and kingdoms cannot survive, falling due to their disunity.

Schaman:  Existing in time forces salvation to fail, so heaven must remain timeless, without any means to force change, stripping human souls of anything resembling free will.

Able:  God becomes our enemy if He strips us of free will and interferes with edicts proclaiming and authorizing human rights, seducing us with promises of salvation, convincing us of a paradise where we need no will to determine rights we are due. 

Schaman:  Perhaps we worship only a concept God, created by humans to maintain hopes for something better in an after-life. Spokespersons abound for creating new Gods, manipulating information to develop new truths, sanctifying their words, convincing masses to become followers, promising everyone they have human rights to determine their choices and to make their wants and desires legitimate.

Able:  Manipulations to produce new deities cannot blame any God developed for Creation’s shortcomings, but deities people create must abide by needs of our wants and desires. 

Pyrrho:  We can become captive to powers seized by new deities, promising salvation and having been authorized by demands for change.

Muggins:  If humans trust in the coming of Creation’s end, a doomsday signaling the Day of the Lord, destruction of our known existence, can our creator justify salvation for anything?

Schaman:  Salvation enforces human souls to exist like they never chose for living on earth, making them subject to God’s will for eternity. Will they change enough to consider that heaven, His paradise, is a torment existing without free will anymore? 

Piety:  Salvation promises to ensure my well-being, guaranteeing I would never suffer like on earth, having no moments of disappointment nor anything to fear. Without free will we would covet no wants or desires, depend on God to provide all our needs and labor for nothing, existing in His paradise forever.

Minerva:  Does God show regeneration is possible by merely washing? Making one new requires destroying the abode of sin and building us anew following the design of its spirit. Washing cleans only one’s exterior and can’t remove sins we chose to hide within, iniquities we carry until destruction by death. God purifies us with our demise, forgives us by demolishing our bodies, releases our spirits from contamination by sin to prepare and regenerate us with power to follow His Will and acknowledge Creation’s goodness constructed with His love and beauty.

Muggins:  You may do whatever seems necessary for regeneration to wash away your sins but it doesn’t guarantee salvation, sealing you only with hope for something to continue your existence, risen to be with a savior such as a Christ. Think of what that will require, existing as He does, discarding everything else you hoped salvation should promise.

Azusa:  Prophets claim we are saved by hope and many tell us what actions to follow for guaranteeing salvation.

Piety:  Our hope is dependent on God’s grace saving us through faith, never the result of works so that no one can boast. 

Pyrrho:  Hope never accompanies certainty with doubt nagging as an unwelcome companion and trusting water to wash all sins away leaves only hope by renewing the Holy Spirit, but how does one renew the spirit God breathed in us to give us life? 

Muggins:  Why would God create us with original sin and make us believe we can cleanse all at birth to remove this sin with water?

Schaman:  If we are saved by hope, are newborns equipped with hope to be renewed? 

Able:  Salvation demands living under God’s law. Purgatory to cleanse one’s soul prepares us be totally obedient. No edicts He writes can be disobeyed, none being available for sidestepping His letter of the law. He commands equal rights for everyone and demands we all have obligations. 

Muggins:  Rights we insist on bear no obligations other than ones profiting us. We find no human rights in the Golden Rule. They only express obligations. 

Schaman:  If we must exist by the Golden Rule in heaven, we must deny our beliefs in human rights, discarding those we claim for in Creation.

Pyrrho:  Democracy cannot be denied in heaven and should consider everyone’s wishes and self-claimed rights, forcing God to rule at the least common denominator, writing permissive laws to please the majority.

Able:  Will we have freedom of speech in heaven, trusting our cleansing removes nothing worth discussing, leaving us with the cardinal right to believe God decides what we all should have and protect?

Schaman:  We must maintain the right to know everything for freedom of speech to mean anything, in order that information is not derived from rumors, guesses, or imaginative suppositions. If God knows everything why shouldn’t we? Perhaps we could maintain His principles of existing with each other if information is freely available and never altered, dismissing any need for rumors, guesses, or imaginative illusions.

Muggins:  Overseers decide what their subjects can hear, hiding anything that conflicts with their messages, convincing everyone of truths they proclaim. Who are they? They conquer the podium and disseminate propaganda for protecting their lordship, convincing all they preach verities. 

Able:  How does salvation deal with their verities?

Minerva:  Earth-bound nobilities, celebrated for their words and deeds, preaching messages they imagine to come from God, or are based on principles essential to His nature, cannot enter His kingdom and be saved until their convictions are washed away to undergo a new baptism, a complete cleansing of the spirit to renew the soul. Nothing can succeed here in Creation. It must be done in some sort of purgatory after the soul loses its material connections.

Pyrrho:  What if we can preserve our material connections, protecting them for future use? Will our souls lament over receiving a new body when pieces of the old remain?

Minerva:  Spiritual equality must promise salvation for all if we are created with freedom and parity for all, never believing God created only chosen ones to be saved. Did He designate only some for salvation while declaring we are all born to be equal? Or perhaps His creation of humans to be equal is an illusion. Ones trusting they have all the answers claim we are created to be equals but never to possess spiritual equality, testifying to their judgment rather than God’s. 

Pyrrho:  If God creates everyone with the spiritual equality of being born to sin, He must be consistent and not choose only some sinners for salvation while abandoning the rest.

Schaman:  Human’s diversity, creating each one from a unique mold, different from anyone else, making it impossible for judging anyone to be equal with another, justifies people’s determination of standards for equality, and they fail to follow God’s directions to treat each other as equals. 

Able:  Human diversity makes it impossible for us to treat another person as an equal, but with God treating us equals we must all be created for inclusion in salvation.

Schaman:  Salvation brings us to the Holy City where no walls prevent anyone to prevail upon doing what they choose, with everyone existing in eternal happiness, where families no longer exist, where private property is banned, where equality reigns for everyone, and humans imagine this is possible by their free will working out its details, and abolishing needs for any God. 

Able:  Creation made by God, incorporating its goodness, beauty and love, bears His testimony, and He sends us messages to acknowledge all He does, but we hardly recognize Him and believe in working without His advice, to work out our salvation by ourselves.

Azusa:  Working diligently for salvation, trusting in our imagination for what to receive, conditions of salvation to satisfy our wants and desires, verifying them as acts of God, we rely on Him to sustain this belief.

Minerva:  People still work on what their salvation should include, realizing they have yet to experience new wants and desires, believing there must be more than streets of gold. I trust God’s imagination never tires of creating new things, novelties to satisfy any yearnings we might develop for our salvation in eternity. The only way He can keep us from being bored is to clear our memories of what satisfied us and then reintroduce them as something we have never experienced. 

Able:  God may be doing this now, letting us die, saving only our souls, and bringing us back with an empty slate to develop new memories that last only if our material bodies return. 

Schaman:  If God does this we must prepare for disappointments to continue, for its suffering to never cease, returning us to Creation where His goodness isn’t recognized and we find few ways to witness His love, and instead vouch for its beauty developed only by our hands.

Pyrrho:  People rejecting God’s existence, denying all religions which acknowledge Him, are free to develop their own ways to recognize beauty, developing scholarly judgements to produce secular mandates for ruling other’s thoughts. 

Muggins:  Without knowing any god, humans trust making leaders into a god, and with belief in many gods there is no harm in creating another one. Let’s leave Creation of a God or gods in our hands where we can reject them when they are no longer necessary or become unimportant. Only those creating deities can reject them.

Schaman:  Leaders listen to philosophers, creating edicts cherished by scholars, sifting through ideas agreeing with their goals to find ones suitable, established by many different humans offering hopes of salvation.

Minerva:  Salvation must free all from disappointment’s sufferings, eliminating people’s wants and desires, assuring equality for everyone so all share in human responsibilities, freeing us from tormenting religious burdens, wiping out needs for a conscience. With salvation no one will know or possess obligations, realizing they are responsible for human suffering.

Able:  If your ideas summarize what salvation must be and what we are here for, why do we exist? God creates us and places us in Creation’s world village, giving us instructions on how to live, but we think our ideas are better than His and accordingly choose our own ways, without knowing why we exist.

Schaman:  God must reason for there to be barriers, preventing us from trespassing into His privacy, to hide His secrets, and to allow us minimal discovery. Yet many brigands preaching to pilfer our privacy, claim we must tear down all and exist in equality with everyone. If He maintains walls to protect privacy of His existence, and we are made in His image, shouldn’t we share in His attributes? 

Pyrrho:  Being like God or becoming like Him is a human fantasy which forever seeks ways to reason we can be like Him. With everything He is remaining hidden we resort to our imaginations for describing who and what He must be.

Muggins:  If our disappointing sufferings must continue, provoking us to distrust Creation’s purpose, we give human’s God a message He should change things in any new Creation. Witness all those committing suicide. They are unwilling to wait for their premeditated demise or an Armageddon to end Creation soon. Do they trust any salvation God might have to offer, having existed in Creation and receiving nothing it has for their liking? 

Pyrrho:  You make a case for nothingness with so many choosing to return and exist in their origin.

Muggins:  Has a God pondered over to be or not to be, debating why He is here, creating humans in His image for agonizing over a like dilemma, having no one for advice, doing what He does as the thing to do and suffer disappointment such as ours.

Minerva:  Salvation is you get what there is. Humans can demonstrate against anything they dislike here but with salvation people must accept all as it is. With individuals never agreeing on anything, God would never create something to everybody’s liking. Everyone would have to give up themselves, agree to abandon their individuality, change completely from their being in Creation, and realize they lose free will on accepting the tenets of salvation. 

Schaman:  I’m not sure salvation could be for me. Earth’s leaders have tried to convince us we must all become equal, deny expressing our free will, exist in communes, and share our lives without individual possessions to experience salvation. If God’s message preaches all this and more for salvation, heaven could never hold joy for me.

Able:  God’s creation of diversity makes justice difficult, entrenching humans in impossible dilemmas, and they experiment with many unsuccessful ways to escape, never knowing how to honor disenchantments with retributions or rewards. Does diversifying everyone and creating us with free will to judge motivate us to create heaven and hell? 

Minerva:  God must abandon human diversity for anyone to be saved, trusting all will respond with joy on hearing His message of goodness, beauty and love incorporated in everything He creates. Salvation must be on His terms and never be based on human imaginations distorting messages He sends us. Justice we all demand must be based on His truth to determine our salvation.

Muggins:  If we can’t know any God’s truth and are forced to establish what we think it must be, we can’t determine what salvation requires of us. Diversity prevents anyone from achieving equality, forcing all to be what they are, with diversity dictating their thoughts and actions to be unique.

Able:  Many are satisfied with what they determine God’s truth is.

Minerva:  The Lord’s message shows us we can testify to Creation’s goodness and love, confirming all its beauty, by obeying His commands, and with this He challenges the diversity of all He created. Without diversity we would all be robots and He would never need to send messengers commanding us to love one another. 

Able:  Will salvation eliminate diversity, wiping out everything making us unique, forcing us to love one another, to understand and accept His Words telling all He creates is good?

Minerva:  In order for that to happen God must change us by removing our free will and eliminating diversity for our truths, removing all difference for our verities, assuring no one can be considered a heretic.

Pyrrho:  Until then everyone remains a heretic, each person preaching nonsense that differs them from others. God forced us to be babbling idiots after we united, to be in accord for fashioning our lives. He forced diversity on us, making all our thoughts, words, activities, and appearances unique. He stirred His mixing pot, making it a cauldron for creating humans to never live without discord, and we have suffered ever since. 

Able:  If His salvation for us is meaningful He cannot eliminate diversity, making all souls exist without identities to distinguish one from another. He must protect each soul’s uniqueness for its travel through eternity.

Muggins:  That’s impossible. Travel is possible only within time and unchanging eternity has no clock for marking time.

Able:  You offer no incentive for trusting salvation to be some paradise, giving it hardly any reason for us to anticipate it as such.

Muggins:  Here you encounter reason’s failure, believing your logic must be trusted, forcing you to call on your imagination, believing your wits can presume a God’s intentions.

Minerva:  His intentions are imagined and spread over all possibilities, with each individual’s illusions trusted to happen, but we all have no idea of God’s plan for our salvation, or even if is one is promised, and all human reasoning fails to verify what He has in store for us. If we can trust messages prophets bear and that they come from God, we should faithfully believe in His Creation’s goodness and beauty, and we should live by love He created all to be empowered with. 

Able:  I have trusted God, but His messages come from so many sources, causing many people to jump from one to another, believing each one’s truth until another preacher appears with a different take on His Word. With all their truths fading with time, people run after new ones that seem more plausible, making claim theirs is the only reliable conviction that guarantees salvation. 

Minerva:  God knows His messengers fail to convince people that His Word testifies to Creation’s goodness, and people develop their own understandings of salvation. They reluctantly give up everything material, including their bodies, with only their souls preserved, never understanding God needs only their souls to prepare them for salvation, souls that He filled with goodness before they are placed in a material body. He never destroys souls sent into Creation.

Able:  God has plans for me, guiding my thoughts, words and activities through the Holy Spirit’s directions deposited in my soul. His salvation for me stands.       

Muggins:  Any salvation for me disappears with the breath of time sweeping away illusions of my imagination.

Able:  Aging compounds my disappointments, bringing me more suffering. Should I consider ways to increase my life span, knowing more years hardly promises much more happiness and joy. But joy comes only from the Lord and I must remain contented with the time He has allotted for my life and refrain from struggling for more. With salvation waiting for me, I must not tempt time to place me in a vegetative state and wait for my body to disappear so my soul can embark on salvation’s voyage. With the longer I must wait nothingness takes over and disappointments become empty annoyances, awakening and reminding me of things done, avoided and undone. I am committed to salvation despite not understanding what it entails. 

Minerva:  You can’t make a commitment to salvation any more than you chose existence as a human being. You are trapped in the circle God creates for everyone and He rotates you through cycles of existence one cannot know or understand. Salvation never guarantees lengths of stay in any realm because it operates in a timeless vacuum. With any option to deny or accept salvation, plan on its requirement waiting for everyone, resigning in death to its inevitability, and trusting no one describing it as a paradise or anything else. No one knows. Why should God tell anyone what salvation consists of when all humans ignore His messengers telling us about His Creation’s goodness laced with beauty and love.

Schaman:  We trust ourselves to define our being as well as for Creation, relying on our judgment to be better than any messages from God, exercising the freedom He created us with, enabling us to modify Creation and eliminate its defects, to redefine ourselves and make us celebrities for others to worship. Does God sanctify anyone to be idolized and worshipped more than for what He made them to be?  

Able:  Don’t expect God to have us idolize anyone He creates, making no one worthy for worship. Humans redefine themselves to become objects for adoration.

Minerva:  God’s design for diversity, making everyone and everything unique, leads us to judge all and equality becomes an illusion, driving people to categorize things and people as greater than others, but this is forgotten when diversity maintains equality with death and destruction for all. Diversity is how we see everything, not as God sees all. If human dogma demands equality for us all, judging it as a God-given right, that right must extend to people’s right to salvation, His obligation to be consistent. 

Pyrrho:  God’s messages are considered unsound, denying Creation’s goodness, beauty and love, using science to offer proof testifying to its beauty as the singular way for understanding all, and we use it to advance our propositions on the cosmos, trusting it over any of His messages, loaded as they are with impossibilities and inconsistencies. 

Able:  Human interpretations of God’s messages produce inconsistencies, revealing people cannot live by His letter of the law, so they create their own laws even more impossible to live by, immanent laws open to proof by scientific verification.

Muggins:  Trust science for nothing, complicating our existence beyond reason, realizing it only helps us to resolve problems of our own making. 

Azusa:  Science reveals nothing about salvation, failing despite human attempts to find evidence of any kind, as humans imagine ways of God, fantasizing how He could return us to a remade Creation, and reevaluate our behavior dictated by redone innate actions to justify eternal survival that would be considered salvation.

Pyrrho:  You must think He will resort to remaking us without free will. Would that also remove our soul?

Minerva:  We would then return to being beasts in nature’s jungle, existing in accordance to its mandates, thinking they live an equality contributing to symbiosis. Humans resist reverting to any such equality, thinking they are then governed and controlled by an overseer with unthinkable power. How else could equality be possible, enforced by edicts ruling everyone. Not even God would attempt such control and He gave us free will so we can do the best with our diversity in Creation and He wipes it out with our demise, cleansing our souls for all to receive salvation. We should welcome the end for our diversity, no longer celebrate our free will powers, and look forward to an existence continuing without disappointments, sufferings we have chosen for ourselves. 

Muggins:  With diversity’s ending I will become a nobody in a throng of nonentities, devoid of my free will, and existing with illusions of possessing a soul. 

Able:  Maybe more important, diversity entrenches our judgment in fear, making it a hallmark of religions to reject groups of people unlike us, never accepting others even if they accept all our doctrines and dogmas but have ancestors different than ours, making them outcasts we would never accept.

Schaman:  Creation gives humans powers of myth making, rescuing them from illusions of nothingness, ending unexplainable suffering disappointments, giving them no solutions by free will endeavors, promising salvation can save them from nothingness, attributing all to Creation’s goodness.

Minerva:  Goodness can’t be intermittent, momentary as one’s judgment decides, but must be everlasting as decreed by God. Humans attempt to declare goodness for what they create but nothing of it lasts, being a victim of time’s destruction. God protects Creation, declaring it to be good, assigning human beings as its stewards, guardians overseeing its integrity, denying its certain destruction is at the mercy of time and is subject entirely to unchanging forces we accept as laws, decrees of His eternal goodness.

Pyrrho:  If Creation’s goodness must prevail, God mistakenly appointed humans to be caretakers for our earthen home, giving them authorization and power to ensure its lasting.

Minerva:  Humans trust God loves all Creation, never wavering in His commitment for all, bonding and interacting with everyone and everything, never questioning His love for us, but He allows us to question having love for anything, choosing to turning it on or off for no good reason. That is never love but we deceive its meaning by using it for everything and abuse its use to describe our temporary attachments to others. We never choose to love others unless we are forced by our instincts to call it love. Do we know agape love, the unending love God has for us and we should have for Creation’s goodness?

Able:  We find unending love for anything boring and would question life with its commitment worthwhile. Our love is different from God’s, trusting it to be flexible and to accommodate our current desires, never being boring with no attachments to anything lasting. He never designed us to maintain love for anything, unless it satisfies our choosing.

Pyrrho:  You can’t understand God’s love for Creation and especially for yourself. If you confess love for Him, it differs from your love for anything else, and when you tire from loving anything in time, it shouldn’t defer your love for Him. Believing you are made in His image, however, you believe His love is no different for you, coming and going as it pleases Him. 

Able:  How can I know Him if He is not like me? Humans have tried everything imaginable to understand what He is like and still fail to know Him. 

Muggins:  Trying to know a God by seeing Him face to face promises us sudden death, forcing some to fashion His likeness to resemble human images speaking words like theirs.

Schaman:  People destroy other’s images of God when they don’t resemble theirs or when they believe images are never possible for unknown deities.

Minerva:  Belief in one religion fails just as for one God, and trust in one religion can never begin until humans begin believing in one God, and no longer trust that He is made in their image and proclaim my God is greater than yours.

Able:  Many telling me that faith unites us, encourage me to join their religion, promising me the love of God, but so many different ones of His followers preach the same thing. Will they assure me of their love also? Understanding only love binds, I realize that it is lacking, being merely a token expressed during a moment’s desire for recognition. No one seeks binding love, perhaps during childish dependency but never after human reason appears to direct one’s ways. Reason never unites anyone, however, failing like faith to bring everyone together. 

Schaman:  Freedom of religion has consequences, justifying conflicts over beliefs, and endangering peaceful lives. 

Pyrrho:  It is impossible for humans to love Creation, accepting its goodness as proclaimed by God, realizing He may be the only one loving His masterpiece. 

Schaman:  We use reason to justify our wants and desires, and maintain our expressions of love, but we modify them to be temporary declarations suitable for different moments, and hardly ever for Creation’s goodness. 

Minerva:  If God’s love never changes, being eternally directed as He promises, binding us to all of Creation’s goodness as only love can, it assures us that His love remains with everything He creates, leaving nothing to human reason’s conclusions, nothing to chance or fate anyone can imagine. 

Muggins:  Binding obligates one to another and I want none of it, demanding I be left alone.

Minerva:  God’s love binds everything to Him and every person to Creation with bonds that can never be broken, and human souls remain with Him after death scatters life’s pieces into components for remodeling and renewing to be lasting. 

Muggins:  We never desire love to be binding, knowing love like everything else passes away with time’s unending changes.

Minerva:  A never-binding love ensures a boring existence, dragging us through relationships lacking any contentment. His love promises a different existence, something meaningful as His, lasting eternally with Him. Needing no body we have until death, He preserves our soul in lasting salvation.

Muggins:  Preservation of my soul for lasting is the penalty for my existence on earth, for my being without any choice and I lodge a protest that it is unfair.

Minerva:  Your choices in life shows free-will decisions failed God’s expectations for love. Love experienced in Creation is tentative, with never enduring binding. God’s love is the only lasting one we should know, for which we find no evidence if it fails us in anything we encounter in Creation. His love never falters in His promise for salvation of everyone’s soul. Many trust their salvation will consist of putting them in a new body, in some form of flesh and bones, but that condition is made to exist in time and subject to never lasting.
   
Schaman:  With belief in a God existing in timelessness, where nothing can change, by His people living here where time’s clockwork forces everything to change, it is possible to eventually see a transformation on joining Him, promising everlasting life rather than death into nothingness, salvation to be with Him, realizing some form of purgatory is impossible in a timeless arena and could be possible only where change rules which truths must prevail.

Pyrrho:  I agree. If God exists in timelessness, He can’t change His mind after giving us free will. He diversifies us with tongues which with free will never give humans peace in interactions with others, seeing humans babel over everything with little understanding, and responding to this He sends a spirit to provide all with ears to hear and to understand His message.

Muggins:  We maintain diversity and ignore any importance for His message, relying on our freedom to select words for interpreting His commands so we can manipulate them for our liking.

Minerva:  God has an unknown plan for our salvation, but we believe it follows our reasoning to decide what it consists of and who will be chosen. If we trust that Creation is good, brimming with beauty and love, we must change our conclusions that our worldly home is flawed and waits for inevitable destruction. We trust that premise if we admit humans are responsible for its defects making Creation a dangerous place to live. Creation maintains its goodness despite us, and everything else God creates must be good. With His unchanging goodness, God is obligated to treat salvation no differently, restoring human’s inherent goodness He instilled in everyone, purging evils people’s free will are responsible for, cleansing everyone to prepare them for salvation.

Schaman:  Creation will remain flawed until human beings no longer exist there, and it will never be regarded as good until a cleansing removes evil they created. Imaginations of religious leaders predict a Day of the Lord where God will destroy Creation and all its evil. Some people believe they will survive because they believe in God, trusting and obeying Him, and follow His edicts to be cleansed of sin. Since all humankind are born sinful, determined by God to be no other way, ignoring His message telling them how they can change, the Day of the Lord is inevitable, destroying everything, Creation’s goodness with the bad. Any salvation must cleanse human beings by removing their free will so they can’t be reborn to sin.

Minerva:  The Day of the Lord is the ending of people’s existence here, the separation of their soul with termination of their body’s life and cleansing of their soul for existence with God. He cannot allow any soiled baggage burdening sin-prone bodies, and with no one being clean and needing purification He saves only what’s sacred, people’s soul He created all with. Human bodies are never sustainable, not here or any other place.

Able:  I trust my endeavors to assure peace and security, to successfully illuminate night’s darkness and prepare me for any coming Day of the Lord.

Muggins:  I was never created for being born to sin. If a God created me it was for being born to live. My creator gave me life and declaring humans born to sin is the fault of theologians defining what constitutes sin, and all people partake in sinful endeavors.

Pyrrho:  It is not only theologians’ divine right, admitting everyone claims this right, making it a natural prerogative for human beings. We need no God or god to determine what represents a sin. 

Able:  Purifying us to remove all capacity to sin must include cleansing of our life, leaving us with only our soul, a spirit without any means to sin. Salvation with forgiveness and cleansing cannot leave us with a body certain of being reborn to sin.

Pyrrho:  If salvation promises me rebirth, I must have my body back, the only possession that brought me happiness and joy. My soul has capacity for no activities, having lost its body possessing all means for thoughts and deeds. Without any body God will perch my soul on a shelf in a mausoleum and consider it salvation. 

Muggins:  Who would deem that better than nothingness, because that is nothingness without a future except an existence for a soul in eternity. 

Pyrrho:  Certain death is the punishment for being born to sin, condemning everyone for failure to satisfy God’s impossible expectations, and can come early, before one’s designated time is fulfilled, executed by another human terminating their existence. People no longer worship God and gods who don’t fulfill their promises, and they die like everything else, subject to time dictating change.

Schaman:  We are placed in time, forcing us to change and guaranteeing we exist only an allotment of days.

Muggins:  I don’t credit a God for creating me. On defining myself, creating the image I want for myself, I am not created in the image of God nor will I claim He images me.

Minerva:  We are products of our beliefs, using bits and pieces of our experiences to define ourselves, and at times from fragments of God’s message extolling Creation’s virtues and reaching out for us to be His companion, but His Words are constantly reworked to satisfy as many as possible, producing a diversity for everyone to choose from, few of which speak without babbling a myriad of wants and desires. Salvation is trusted to be relative, each person believing my salvation is as good as yours with the majority hoping to exist on in hoped-for salvation. God did not create anyone without the instinct for an eternal existence. Lacking all knowledge on how it will be, we can only wait and see.

Muggins:  Be careful of all you trust in, praying for salvation if you are one so privileged in Creation, arriving into its eternal goodness, coming into its paradise of equality, forcing you to exist with all scumbags you encountered in life on earth, contemptible deplorables contributing to its diversity, rejecting and abandoned by survival of the fittest. Salvation’s condemnation of diversity forcing all to exist in equality is punishment for anyone coming from people privileged to have their way in Creation, satisfying their wants and desires at the expense of others who never received a fair share of all their God promised for them to have. 

Pyrrho:  They would be punished indeed, stripped of everything that served to bring them happiness in Creation. 

Muggins:  I can understand how they might prefer nothingness rather than salvation with deplorables one they could avoid in Creation.

Schaman:  Religion allows people to choose how they want to live, something heaven would not allow them to do.

Minerva:  Is religion as people know it, necessary for revelation of God’s Creation, seeing expressions of its goodness, beauty and love evident in everything He made? No one needs religion to discover them, being clearly obvious for humans to understand.

Pyrrho:  If salvation is for everyone, it must become a gain for some and a loss for others who might be inclined to prefer nothingness instead, becoming a wasteland like what Creation has been for most.

Muggins:  Heaven forbid. I’ll take my chances on nothingness. Creation developed to be a paradise is a fable concocted to explain how humans’ innate goodness became corrupted, forcing all people to be born in sin. Salvation is another myth showing how they can restore their existence in a fancied garden. Placing them in another paradise will result in more of the same, with their God watching them develop it into another wasteland.

Minerva:  God keeps telling all humans the way to prevent development of wastelands by protecting Creation’s goodness and preserving its beauty filled with His love. When will they listen and understand, and allow no human wisdom to intervene?

Schaman:  If that ever happens, all need for salvation will disappear.

Muggins:  The prophets have failed with everyone mutilating messages sent by people’s God, and with failure of human’s wisdom to provide any lasting truths, perhaps we should begin trusting our Creation’s goodness, believe in its beauty without trying to modify it, possibly accept it as a contribution by a loving God, and stop considering Him an illusion resulting from wayward imaginations.

Minerva:  No one will be doomed to nothingness. Once created, something of everyone will remain. 

Nomad:  None of you help me. Your words indicate you believe in being the I Am, thinking you are the beautiful one radiating goodness for all to see, but you should be called Noam, one without any answers except your feeble truths. I am patient and will wait to see God face to face, trusting Him to answer all the questions you try to answer.

Muggins:  I don’t choose to hear anyone for truth. Within moments I can pull out my smart phone and find truth.

Minerva:  Is what you get reliable, knowing what you receive depends on how you look for anything?

Azusa:  God’s message urges us to be united, praising Creation and rejoicing in its beauty, trusting in its love filling us with peace, satisfying us that nothing else is needed. Then salvation can be with us. 

Pyrrho:  I trust in my ability to negotiate and with free will to develop choices, most of which are not bad. I won’t cave into anyone, never to one who won’t meet me eye to eye, where we can agree to something face to face.

Muggins:  We negotiate everything to achieve our goals, to get our wants and desires, and our scholars negotiate with reason to make a God’s message acceptable.

Minerva:  God arbitrates nothing. He can’t because it requires compromise, changing His mind which is impossible because He is unchangeable, altering what philosophers claim Him to be, existing in timelessness where nothing changes.

Azusa:  We respond to God’s message by worshipping Him and pledging our allegiance to His commands. We never expect Him to change.

Pyrrho:  Each of His followers interprets ways to obey His commands, and some dismiss His call for love, considered to be unimportant compared to mandatory obedience for His laws, believing Creation’s love must be for His edicts and they must be faithfully followed to please Him.

Minerva:  Creation’s goodness, beauty, and love are essential for all to trust and believe, being core for people’s unity, but humans can’t understand anything unless they interpret God’s virtues to satisfy their longings, creating disunity with their innovation of religions. 

Pyrrho:  Unity with diversity is impossible, mixing the oil of our being with solutions of difference, forcing each to remain in its domain, and this disunity we cannot overcome. 

Able:  You define yourselves as possessing oil of diversity, setting you apart with wants and desires of your choosing, giving you differences incompatible with others. 

Piety:  That could change by baptism, cleansing oneself to wash all sins away.

Schaman:  Baptism is with water to remove one’s sins; water is shed from coatings of oil, forming beads that carries nothing away, leaving oils protecting wants and desires. Religions trust baptism of infants before they can choose, fearing if they wait until later many will consider it a hoax. 

Pyrrho:  Why would anyone be sanctified by anointment with oil if they are not baptized with water first to cleanse them of sins, and if their sanctification fails to protect them from further sinning, will re-baptism with water fail to cleanse them a second time?

Piety:  Re-baptism with the Holy Spirit takes care of that, guaranteeing sanctification to assure salvation, returning us to God.

Muggins:  With you believing a God created us, trusting He remains in or as some part of us and we all retain part of Him, being made in His image, I am indifferent to your God, believing I am my own person, beholden to no one, depending on no one, independent, unloving, being unloved flesh eventually to disappear into the cosmic dust of nothingness.

Piety:  Without love people remain disunited, never exercising interactions we are made with to love one another. 

Minerva:  Do churches proclaiming they are members in the body the Lord understand what is essential for maintaining unity with Him? What bond is more important than love? Is to believe in Him more critical, trusting it is required for salvation? Belief in God without love for Creation and humanity is trusted by many for salvation, by ones unloving and unloved.

Muggins:  No one can believe in a God and love all the things He creates, so if only some God determines salvation, He must rescue everyone to give them eternal existence.

Pyrrho:  If belief in Him and uncompromising love for all Creation are required for salvation, can anyone be saved? Believing in God who judges all our thoughts and deeds, finding fault with our part in Creation’s goodness deserves little love from His critical evaluations. 

Piety:  We deserve little reward from living my way here, reaping whirlwinds of distress and unending disappointments, existing joyless with only momentary happiness.

Able:  Perhaps we consider such living is fulfillment with people trusting their death isn’t the end and salvation promises rebirth into a better existence.

Muggins:  Salvation is a gamble, trusting rebirth is into another existence, one offering no choice, hardly different from the present life we were surprised with. Why should you think it must be any different?

Pyrrho:  I was never brainwashed to accept all of Creation’s goodness, having a free will to judge everything I encounter, finding many faults in its claims, and if salvation is an existence where everything must be considered good, my freedom to judge, criticize, and choose would be eliminated, making me a robot unable to evaluate and never pronounce judgement on anything. 

Muggins:  Salvation should offer people choices, however, allowing them to freely satisfy their wants and needs, and if a God’s goodness is to prevail, He must offer what they want, never limiting their selection to what His goodness includes.

Able:  You better know what’s on His list of goodness.

Muggins:  Leave its list for us to develop. 

Pyrrho:  That’s what we do now, trusting we know better than God what to include.

Muggins:  We could ask for nothing better with no one having any excuse for not rejoicing on salvation’s opportunities we have in mind, and nothing could change our preference since that cannot occur as timelessness prevents it. Since nothing changes in timelessness, no one will suffer from boredom, with everyone continuing with their favorite thoughts and activities and never worry over tiring of them, running as in perpetual motion, as an unending machine, unaffected by time.

Able:  People will resemble robots, however, because their thoughts and activities will be directed by a jurisdiction outside their own will, a robotic control never their own, not their own because they will have lost their free will, with nothing freely used to determine anything. 

Minerva:  Living God’s message of love allows no room for boredom, making it impossible, and we experience it only when existing in time. We cannot claim to be loving and live truly and obediently by His message if we admit boredom occupies our time, precious hours measured out for us by our Creator, now wasted and lost. 

Muggins:  I define myself to be what I am, realizing a faulty plan creates space for boredom to intrude, and leaving myself to a divine design allows many potholes for boredom to occupy.

Minerva:  We must recognize that salvation cannot be everything anyone expects for it. We define it according to how we define God, treating Him as unchanging in timelessness, commanding us to be obey edicts developed by scholars believing they represent His Will.

Schaman:  Maybe scholars defining God the best they can, wrongly describe Him, thinking how they imagine Him agreeing with human reason and being unable to come up with anything better; people make anyone’s description of salvation an illusion.

Able:  Perhaps God will someday reveal a better likeness of who He is and change our perceptions of Him. This could have a great impact on what salvation might be like.

Azusa:  What has God made that lacks goodness and beauty, everything being wonderfully made? Could you envision salvation being any different? You have reason to conclude salvation is an essential part of goodness and is marred only by human efforts, changing God’s Creation to blemish its goodness.

Minerva:  God’s commands are only for protection of Creation’s goodness so humans can never dismantle its beauty. Salvation commits us to recognize and honor His Work. 

Pyrrho:  Our experience on earth is His experiment, giving us free will and placing all in time to ensure change for everything, after which His experimental trial will end, compelling Him to try something different.

Schaman:  God’s revelations instruct us on maintaining Creation’s goodness and beauty, revealing ways to maintain our health and well-being without abusing them for our gain. Why should He reveal more, seeing we ignore His message to love one another? We don’t deserve to know more about Him and salvation.

Minerva:  Promises of salvation must be for training us to love one another, removing distractions of free will so we will honor and worship God forever.

Muggins:  Fear occupies my thoughts, leaving little time for love, especially for one another, multiplying anxiety, driving me to despair and suffering, wondering how many more disappointments I must endure.

Pyrrho:  Scholars claim we are not made to fear, never having it created in us by God, but since we know how to strike fear in others, God must be no different, being an angry person who molds us in His image. 

Azusa:  Exasperated by seeing us fail to love one another, realizing this option results from our free will, God resorts to our instinct for avoiding danger and uses it to promote fear in us when we ignore His message to honor Creation’s goodness, beauty, and love. How else can He make us plan for salvation except by fear, the beginning of all understanding.

Able:  Perhaps creating us with free will and fear God admits is a mistake, and He decides to correct His error by surprising everyone with salvation. His error never lasts long with our brief episode in flawed mortality, from being born in sin, but corrected by salvation to eternal existence. 

Minerva:  Every person has an opinion on salvation and admitting no one’s is proven to be better than another’s, we live and breathe by those we favor, never knowing if any are in God’s plan.

Pyrrho:  We may understand theories if they are simple, but if we reason to incorporate our imaginations, they become illusions. Simple conclusions based on widespread visions can be lasting, and our hopeful fantasies support God’s promise of salvation.

Muggins:  All theories are hopeless, knowing they don’t develop into truths, because theories becoming certainties pass away in time. You can tell me anything on your mind, but I will regard it as fiction. This moment’s only certainty is we face each other, interacting in conversation, and bantering about whatever comes into our minds, proclaiming our favorite current ephemeral truths.

Pyrrho:  When we discover our truths never last and pass away, we admit our inability to know anything about developing them from theories and blame it on their complexity, believing once we unravel their underlying chaotic nature, we can develop lasting truths. 

Azusa:  Only God knows Creation’s complexity and doesn’t trust anyone with this knowledge now. 

Piety:  I expect He will answer all my questions after salvation. 

Muggins:  Why should He? Why would you want to know Creation’s secrets? If you knew you could set yourself up as a God like Him. 

Able:  People look forward to salvation, counting on God to reveal His secrets, trusting Him to answer questions they agonized over in their previous life.

Minerva:  Why should He answer any questions you bring with to salvation; what difference would be knowing them make? People ask questions because they trust answers will help solve problems. Do you expect heaven has problems requiring questions for their resolution? Or are your needs academic, thinking you can help God with suggestions on management of His cosmos?

Schaman:  There will be countless souls with questions, and I have little patience waiting in line to question Him on anything. Besides, His way will be different than mine, telling me what others say: My truths are as good as yours. 

Muggins:  You people give me no good reason to hope for salvation, arguing it will be better than nothingness, promising me the best of everything, but bringing me more of the same. It takes work to prevent boredom. So how can salvation, promising I will never be required to work again, prevent existence in tedious activities trusted to be better than nothingness? 

Able:  Our choices for the hereafter include only heaven and hell. Nothingness is never a choice but if that is what one wants, hell might be considered if nothingness must be an existence.

Pyrrho:  If God spoke Words to create everything, did He create nothingness, it being something, acknowledging the cosmos is something everywhere?

Schaman:  Who else but philosophers would dream up the concept of nothingness, leaving it for ones disgruntled with everything.

Minerva:  The living pronounces Rest in Peace for dead humans, but can there be peace for any soul, expecting peace for anyone? God creates souls for interacting with Him and is there any reason for a soul to cease this interaction completely? That may occur if the soul falls silent with nothingness, but God never plans for that to happen.

Pyrrho:  If souls exist eternally, assuming they do, should one expect God to interact with ones existing in the place called hell? If a person is assigned to Hell, for what good reason would God continue interacting with such an individual?

Minerva:  Punishment in hell should eventually invite boredom, no different than exile in life’s existence constantly committed to mundane repetitions, experiencing more of the same, believing it to be unending, soon realizing boredom becomes the punishment. People’s souls can’t burn in Hell, having nothing combustible, and if God determines they must be eternally punished, what better way than flogging them with boredom.

Muggins:  You reason well and a perfect cosmos should offer a choice of nothingness.

Minerva:  God designs us to be active, physically and mentally, interacting with all in Creation, and He doesn’t prepare us to do and be nothing. He punishes us for doing nothing. Once He creates us, committing us to interact with all of Creation, there is no turning back, His Words have been spoken. We are no different, regretting spoken words that haunt us forever, knowing they can never be erased, never deleted by any imaginary non-existence in nothingness.

Able:  Will I be doing something in salvation’s premises? Can I do anything with only my soul? If God expects me to be fruitful in salvation, He must provide some dress besides a soul, a body never like the sinful one I was born into for my earlier life in Creation.

Piety:  God promises me a new body and must be like the one I have, rewarding me for being one following Him and obeying all His edicts. 

Muggins:  You cannot trust a God for something scholars and theologians think up, imagining what they dream of to please humans. You want to preserve your wants and desires in a perfected new immortal body? For what reason other than to continue the life you have grown to relish? Your mortal body perishes, leaving you with no more than the possibility of a soul.

Minerva:  I can be content with only my soul, having finished God’s experiment with my body, no longer possessing a free will to make any choice I can imagine, thankful for my soul’s ability to interact with all others in heaven, communicating with what He creates for souls to be. There can never be nothingness if I have a soul. God created my soul before assigning it a body with a limited existence, but my soul continues forever under conditions determined only by Him. 

Able:  Can I prepare my immortal soul by what my body does? 

Minerva:  You learn how to suffer, wandering through disappointments, desperately seeking solutions, exhausting possibilities offered by your free will. Your soul suffers through all your body’s attempts to please God until death releases it to return to Him, becoming free at last to believe and trust in Creation’s goodness invested with love and beauty, free from mortals’ imaginations to describe God and His design for all things. Trust wisdom blessing my convictions that this is His truth sent to all by His messengers.

Nomad:  I have heard God’s message and discover now no one reveals anything beyond, nothing making what I see and hear more than a wasteland waiting for the Day of the Lord.

Schaman:  What you discover is determined by what and how you see Creation and the voices you hear. It is up to you for its unraveling to reveal everything you want to know, showing how your wants and desires create a wasteland.

Minerva:  Can you interact with Creation’s goodness and trust it with the reliability and strength of love God designed it with, the agape He sends messages for us to understand, for us to be its steward, the loving essential for us to know? Until you recognize and understand His message inherent in Creation’s goodness that embodies His love, you will stumble through ignorance, trusting reason to answer your questions.

Azusa:  Creation’s goodness invested with love and beauty frees mortals’ imaginations to describe God and His design for all things. Trust wisdom blessing my convictions that this is His truth sent to all by His messengers.

Nomad:  What kind of loving do I need to know? This wasteland remains for me to wander, still hoping to understand where I came from, why I am here and what sort of existence remains after my passing, and to never discern why any paradise I might have been promised would be transformed into a wasteland.

Minerva:  God gifts you with intuition for perceptions to realize what He created you to be, and never stops reminding everyone what He expects all to be, making you an image of the holy I Am. Wastelands develop when people redefine themselves to be something other than what God designs them to be. He makes everything good, filled with the beauty of His love and concern for all Creation. This is not secret knowledge available to only a select few but is intuitive for everyone to consider. Humans cannot know God without His cooperation to direct their understanding. He does not expect them to grow their cognitive knowledge to explain His existence, knowing they will reason ways to develop doctrines and dogmas, resulting in religious conflict with others and forget the essentials He wants them to comprehend about all He creates. 

Nomad:  Your participants’ contributions coming from conceptual buddings, branching out to produce flowering brilliance, say little on God, trusting Him to be unchanging, making Him forever immutable, sending us eternal truths, forcing us to rely on untrustworthy intellectuals, scribes, philosophers, and scientists to develop conclusions as truths, giving credence to dogmas from ones human experience discredits throughout.

Minerva:  You seek answers known only by God, ones you are loving to know. But are you loving to know what you ask, ultimate explanations of His knowledge, embracing the love you custom for everything, ephemeral, changing to meet your time’s needs. Your faith and hope persist but do you ever recognize the agape essential to reveal God’s message? The agape building Creation? You will seek no answers to your questions when you understand His love for everything He creates and recognize it in Creation. Until then you remain a wayfarer in a wasteland.

Azusa:  God instructs prophets to inform humans they must live out their existence with the goodness of love He creates in everything, to show that love can abide in their every thought and action in accordance with written scriptures attesting to goodness He announces for all Creation, sending everyone a reason to uncover and activate the inherent knowledge of Him left in them at their creation, preventing all from developing thoughts that life is empty and unreal, convictions of philosophers examining the world to make judgments on what we should believe. Free-wheeling reason becomes our teacher when people don’t listen to God, but human reason is unable to give life meaning, denying the spiritual and relying on senses, ignoring the goodness God declares for all Creation. 

Minerva:  We are all wayfarers, vagrants seeking answers, and everyone offers their opinions, their truths, and we create a wasteland with our existence and endeavors, neglecting prophets’ messages from God, trusting in our ability to define and create what to live by. You are no different.

Anónima:  Having seen God’s prophets fail Him, unable to witness His Will being done by human beings neglecting their mandate to be stewards of Creation He filled with His love, beauty and goodness, bringing on their will to live by unreliable truths they create, using their verities to create a living hell for their existence, I can only report His Goodness assures death for everyone but salvation for all, and there will be no exceptions. I am at a loss, however, on knowing His plans for souls He created. 

Nomad: I must wait my turn?



Return to contents



Other Writings

www.biblemetaphors.com



Brothers Keepers:  Joseph and Job
Tristam Joseph (Author)


Virtue in Dystopia
Tristam Joseph (Author)


Prancing Grace
Tristam Joseph (Author)

These books are available at smashwords.com


