 The Prostitute
Sesan Oguntade
Published by Sesan Oguntade at Smashwords
Copyright 2020 Sesan Oguntade
Discover other titles by Sesan Oguntade at Smashwords
 https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/infobooks
If you enjoyed this book, please return to Smashwords to discover other works by this author. Thank you for your support.
All scripture quotations, unless otherwise indicated, are taken from the New King James Version of the Bible (NKJV). Scripture quotations marked (TLB) and (MSG) are taken from The Living Bible and the Message Bible translations respectively.
(Note: Please leave a review, it will help the spread of this book and message. Thank you in advance.)


Just before you jump into this exciting story, I believe you should be interested in this free gift: Download Conjugal Conflicts novel: Short and real-life stories of errors from couples that break marriages. Visit Conjugal conflict page or click https://page.co/KjYyq to get a copy (only 100 downloads are available)
Chapter 1

Along the street corner in the twilight, the darkness thickening very fast into the night walked a young man in his early thirties. He was grey-headed as an albatross and his eyes inside his dark glasses silently looking through a particular section of the street. He looked so well and grimly as if he was out on a gold hunt. His bold and blue face cap did much to cover the whole length of his face. His eyeglasses were so dark that it almost made him look like a runaway criminal. One would have said that he was a high-profile criminal trying his best to avoid the prying eyes of the rule of law. 
Just before him, stretched a long, laborious, dry, empty and dark road. The secrecy of this road’s appearance and make-up go a long way to speak volume of its occupation. The popular Allen Avenue, a sprawling metropolis in Lagos, Nigeria, housed and harbored the people popularly called the ladies of the night. No one comes here at this period without a secret mission to play the night game. 
“Steve, I’m just catching fun with these girls.” Bobby Tamor had said in one of their discussions some days ago.
“Catching fun,” Steve had replied. “With terrible ladies of the night, you must be out of your mind. You can’t walk barefoot on hot coals and not get blisters.”
“Why are you sounding so judgmental,’ Booby had said. “You know it’s not so good to pass judgment on others before you hear them out.”
‘Yes,” Steve had agreed. “But that does not rule out the fact that they‘re potential poisons in a cup of coffee.”
“Man, here you go again, something is not a poison until it has killed you.”
“Do you then have to wait till it killed you before you stay away from it? You don’t wait for an adulteress to prey upon your precious life.”
“Oh come on,” Bobby had said angrily. “Spare me these lectures. Sometimes, you need to hear these ladies out before you begin to hit them with your hammer of judgment and condemnation.’
“I agree,” Steve had said. “I’ve not hit anyone with any hammer of judgment. I’m only trying to do a favor to a friend who’s trying to set his house on fire with his careless adventures. By means of a harlot, a man is reduced to a crust of bread.”
“You‘re a judgmental dictator,” Bobby had said angrily. “I’ve always asked you to look at issues from the two sides of the coin.”
No, Steve Davies said to himself, now almost approaching the main hangouts of the night girls.
He took out his handkerchief, raised his dark glasses and wiped off the remaining sweat that was now gathering on his face. I’m not a judgmental dictator. But I was only trying to help a friend.
“If,” his mind said to him. “You’re trying to help a friend, then why’re you here on this street at this time of the night?”
“No,” he answered himself. “I thought we’ve settled this.”
“Have we.”
“Yes, we have.’
“Have you completely convinced yourself?”
“Yes, I have.’ He said to himself and tried to shut the door to his thought.
Steve Davies remembered vividly how he had looked admiringly at one of the two night ladies his friend Bobby Tamor brought to his house. This other lady looked extremely radiant and beautiful and only accompanied her friend who had entered into a sex contract with bobby for the weekend. Steve’s stubborn mind and sub consciousness could not easily let go of this lady all through the weekend and for another seven days after he set his eyes on her and that was what impelled him to stamp her name on his brain for many days.
Am, Steve thought as he stood within a touching distance of one of the spots on this notorious street where these girls of the night carry out their businesses. I in love with this lady already? That must be silly of me. Am in love with a terrible lady of the night. Am in love with a prostitute. How do I explain this and how do I inform Bobby that I was actually a judgmental dictator who was not always ready to look at issues from the two sides of the coin. How do I convince Bobby and anyone that this is true love? I’m confused.
“Hey, “a sweet voice from behind him woke him up from his reverie. “Looking for a night deal?’ A tall, loud and rebellious lady tapped him on his right shoulder and held firmly to it.
“O o h h,” Steve stammered and stuttered. “Not really thanks.”
“Oh come on, I’ve spread fresh, clean sheets on my bed, colorful imported linens. My bed is aromatic with spices and exotic fragrances. I’ll give you a good love business all night.”
“Thank you, I’m okay.”
“No, you’re not. I can feel the rush of blood in your veins begging for pleasure. You need to satisfy the strong urge of your sexual desires.”
“I’m okay,” Steve said, now feeling uncomfortable. “I told you I’m okay.”
‘Okay, then dearie; I’ll be on my way but in case you change your mind and you need this, you should just call me up, I’ll be waiting for you over there.” She said turning her back on Steve and pointing her long colored fingernails at her rounded and tightly packed buttocks.”
Steve looked quickly away from the direction of her finger and tried to readjust his eyeglasses as if to block every other outlet where the light will transmit the unpleasant scene into his eyes. 
“But hello,” Steve said as the lady took some steps away from him as if a cerebral force just dropped in his mind a golden idea. 
“Here I am Mister,” the lady turned and walked back to him. “Finally changed your mind. “
“No,” Steve replied trying to find his voice. “I’m here to look for a lady called Serena.”
Serena,” she said, surprised. “What have you got to do with Serena? I’ll give you what Serena will never give you.”
“Look,” he said, irritated by her aggressive professionalism and advertisement. “I’m here for her to discuss an important issue that will greatly benefit her.”
“Hey Mister, are you a cop? We’ve had problems with you plain clothes cynics called policemen these days.”
“No, I’m not.” 
“Then who’re you?” She hit back, her eyelids rising to a height. “We hate policemen. They’re cynics and cheats. They carry out their nasty official duties arresting us and still come back in the wee hours of the night for a taste of the action. We wonder why they fight what they love in the first place.”
“Hey lady,” Steve replied. “I swear, I’m not a cop. I’ve important information for Serena. It’ll add immeasurable values to her.” 
“You swear! Don’t bring that into this. I hate people who swear. They are always incredulous bigots and cheats.”
She said and turned her back at Steve trying to find her way out of the scene.
“Hello,” Steve quickly called her back, dipping his hand into the inner pocket of his jacket. “I‘ll pay you handsomely if you can help me find Serena.”
She looked back, turned swiftly and said, “Now you’re talking. Where did you put that in the first place? The only voice we obey here is that of money. Even the holy book says money answers all things.”
“I did not ask about your name.” Steve said trying to become friendly with the discussion and pulling out ten crisp and clean 1000 naira notes.
“You don’t need my name Mister.”
“At least we‘ve become friends, I should know.”
“Okay, I’m Lara but my friends call me stinger.”
“Stinger! That’s interesting. What’s the meaning of that?”
“I sting men in bed.”
“That’s interesting. Can you help me to find Serena?” Steve said changing the discussion back to his main mission to the den of the night ladies. 
“I’ll. There’s only one Serena in the whole of Allen Avenue. The sweet loving Serena, I’ll get her for you immediately. “
She turned her back on Steve and walked speedily into the dark section of the streets holding firmly to the naira notes in her hands. 
That, Steve, said to himself. Was war. I’m glad I won. The love of money is truly the root of all evils. She was ready to give her friend or colleague up for a gift of ten thousand naira notes. Money indeed answers all things.
While Steve engaged his mind in thoughtful dialog, he looked up and saw Lara and Serena approaching from a far distance. He could recognize Serena even at a distance of hundred miles. She was the lady whose memories had lingered in his mind for days now. She was the reason why somebody like him, who had great disgust and hatred for prostitution and night ladies, is here on the major street of prostitution in the city of Lagos. 
He took off his dark glasses as the two night ladies got to about twenty feet from him. He noticed the same rounded face with white eyes and curly eyelashes that attracted him in the first place when he set his eyes on Serena. He also quickly recognized the full, well-formed breasts that caught his attention that first day. Serena’s figure-eight shaped body was still there and her majestic stepping and walk showed like a queen even in that night.

Chapter 2

Steve woke up that Saturday morning earlier than usual. Saturday was a work-free day and he usually stays longer in bed on this day. He sat straight on the bed and looked at the time from the clock hung on the wall adjacent to his bed. He was excited about the time and looked away and smiled as if he just remembered something. 
He stood up from the bed and slipped his feet into the slippers carefully placed beside his bed and tried to move away from his bed to the big mirror on the table to check out the condition of his now fully awaken eyes. Then suddenly, he sat back again when he remembered the event of yesterday night at the hangout of the ladies of the night at Allen Avenue. 
Oh, he said to himself, that was an outing of a lifetime. I was able to convince a harlot to be my friend. Silly me. He withdrew his feet out of the bedroom slippers and laid his back on the bed and his head on the pillow as more memories of his strange outings flooded his mind. But Serena was tough. She could not understand why a man like me could pay a strange visit to the den of harlots seeking friendship. He sighed. Good, he continued in his thought. Friends are not found in harlots’ hangouts, they are found in sane and holy places. Well, I only hope I’m still sane. I only hope I’m still in the right frame of mind. I only hope the invisible force pushing me is right after all. I’m befriending a harlot and I’m strangely excited about it!
He suddenly jerked up from the bed, put on his bedroom slippers again, went back to the wall mirror, carefully examined his face and used his right palm to rub his face from the top of the hair on his head to his chin. In waiting mood already for the august visitor. I need to get into the bathroom. He said to himself.   
At exactly 10:15 a.m., Steve was resting on his couch in his sitting room after taking a breakfast of bread, egg and hot tea. Suddenly, he heard the sound of cars on the road outside his house and rose to peep through the window to see what must have caused the noise on the street. He turned away from the window because he heard the door open and Serena stood there by the door. 
“Good morning.” She said sharply.
“Good morning Serena, you kept your promise.”
“Yes, I promised you so I must keep my promise or do you think night girls like me don’t keep promises?”
“Oh no,” he said and ushered her into his living room and pointed his hand to one of the chairs in his living room.
He admiringly looked at her as she walked down to take her seat.
“This is my place and you’re welcome.”
“Thank you, you’ve got a nice place.”
“Thanks for the compliment. I always try to make it look nice.”
“That’s fine, “Serena said. “Only very few men understand how to keep a clean living room.”
“My mother gave me and my siblings a good training on that.”
“That’s good of her. And now I’m here, I hope I’ve fulfilled my promise.”
“Yes, the promise I got from you after over an hour of tough arguments. “
‘You came at an hour when the rush of business was high. I hardly entertain such unprofitable visitors and discussions at such periods.”
“Really.”
“Yes. I …”
He stopped her from completing her last statement by putting his forefinger across her lips to indicate that he didn’t want her to speak any further words.
“Before,” he said. “You can say anything further, what do I offer you?”
“Anything you have at home that you can offer a street girl like me.”
“Oh no,” he charged back at her. “You‘re not a street girl!”
“But I am Steve, I told you that yesterday. “
“Yes I know but there are decency and good morals beneath your personality.”
“Oh, common Steve,” She cuts him short. “I took my time yesterday to let you know that you can’t get anything good by befriending a night girl like me.”
“Ok, Ok,” Steve said. “What do I offer you now?”
‘You can offer the street girl in your living room anything you have to offer.”
Steve picked up the small album of photographs on the table in one corner of his living room and handed it over to Serena. 
“Please feed your eyes with this while I dash into the kitchen to prepare a welcome meal for my august visitor.”

Chapter 3

“So,” Serena said. “That’s my sad story. “
Steve’s eyes were now filled with lots of tears that were begging and looking for the opportunity to drop off from his eyes sockets. He kept his eyes fixed on Serena as he rested his chin on his two palms with his two elbows placed on the dining table that separated him and Serena. Serena kept her eyes away from him and fixed her eyes, instead, on the plate of rice and boiled egg in front of her. 
Serena had painfully narrated her sad and ugly experience to Steve after several promptings from him. She had told the sad story of the tragic death of her dad about seven years ago and the death of her only brother two years after the death of her dad. She explained how these tragic events had led to her mother’s hypertensive ailment. She told Steve all about how she had to leave her native town, Benin, a principal city and the capital of Edo state in Nigeria to Lagos to embrace prostitution. A trade she has faithfully embraced for the past five years. 
“That’s sad, “Steve said ruefully trying hard to stop the balls of tears that were already gathering in his eyes from coming down. 
“It’s nothing again to me Steve, it belongs to my past now.”
“And how is your mother now?”
“She’s fine. I send money to her from the income I make from my cherished trade.”
“Does she know you’re into this?”
“No,” She said with a growl. “I’ll kill her very quickly if she knows about that.”
“You see, I’ve said it to you on many occasions that you’re not a night girl. “
“Oh Steve,“ She protested, her eyes gleaning.“ I thought we’ve moved over that. I’m a night girl and I love my cherished profession.”
“Common Serena,” Steve said raising his voice a little, “You’re not. You’re just a child of circumstances. There are decency and good morals lying beneath your personality.”
Serena angrily rose from her chair at the dining table and went straight to pick up her bag where she dropped it when she arrived. Steve understood her intention and rushed after her holding her and trying to apologize.
 “I’ve told you who I am; you should just take me for who I am.”
“Okay, Okay. I’m sorry about that, Serena.”
“Hey,” she cuts him short, “Look, circumstances did not make me a harlot; I made myself one. I chose this trade and it has paid me well for the past five years now. Did you get that well.”
“Understood and,” Steve said and tried to lead her to the 3-seater couch in his sitting room. “I’ll learn to take you for who you‘re.”
“Better, “she said. “Then we can truly be friends.”
After she finally took her seat, Steve quickly went to the fridge to get a cold drink. He picked up two cups and placed them with the drink on a flat tray. He placed the tray on her laps and opened the two drinks serving the two cups and knelt down to offer Serena’s cup to her. 
“Please, “he said grinning. “Accept this drink offer of reconciliation from me.”
“Thank you, “she collected the cup and smiled back at Steve.
Steve spent the next thirty minutes watching and admiring the beauty of Serena while she watched a documentary on television. He tried as much as possible to avoid the discussion that got Serena angry the last time. He was now sure this was a friendship and relationship he truly desired so he was ready to avoid any further misunderstanding that would get her infuriated.
The television program did so much to douse the tension and also to catch Serena’s attention for this long period and Steve allowed her to enjoy herself but he still helped himself to catch a glimpse of her every now and then. He looked away whenever he noticed Serena trying to look his way to prevent her from noticing he was watching her. After the interesting TV program, Serena said, “Thank you, Steve, I’ve enjoyed my stay here, I would like to take my leave now.”
“You’re welcome Serena; it’s my pleasure hosting you.”
“I hope to come over another time.”
“I’ll be glad to host you again.”
“Thank you, Steve.” Serena said.
Serena picked up her bag and moved swiftly towards the door as if she suddenly remembered an appointment she had to keep somewhere. As she puts her hand on the door handle, Steve quickly reached out to her hand and held it on the door handle.
“I’ve got a confession to make. “He said still holding her hand on the door handle and looking straight into her eyes.
“A confession, “Serena said, surprised. “What’s it all about?”
“I, I, “he stammered. “I’m clueless on how to say this. I can’t seem to find the inner confidence and strength to make this confession. Some forces within me are trying to keep this confession buried and I have to exterminate these forces instead or else it ‘ll be a very gory weekend and week ahead of me.”
Serena, now standing away from him after freeing her hand from the grip of his hands at the door handle, looked at him with keen interest and attention to hear from him what he had to say. He noticed the risen interest from her to listen to him. He could see very clearly for the first time the deep attraction of his heart to the heart of Serena. 
“Steve, what do you have to confess? She asked expectantly.
“I I I,” Steve stammered again and closed his eyes very hard as if he was trying to summon an invisible power to push words out of his mouth. “I’m in love with you.”
“In love with who”, Serena said, surprised and taken aback. 
“With you, Serena, I want you to be my wife.”
That last statement hit her like a thunderbolt and her handbag dropped out of her hand as if something more powerful than her pulled it from the grip of her hand. 
“In love with a prostitute?” She said and quickly walked away from Steve and moved towards the 3-seater couch in the living room and rested her already shaking body on the couch. “Want to marry a prostitute?”
“Yes, Serena,” Steve quickly walked up to her and knelt in front of her. “I can’t explain this, but that was from my heart.”
“You want to marry a prostitute, Steve”
“Yes, Serena,”
“Are you out of your mind?”
“No Serena, I’m not.”
“For goodness sake, I’m a spoilt lady, a hard and bad night girl of many years.” 
“You’re not Serena,” he said now with a stronger voice. “There are decency and good morals lying behind your personality. It’s just that you can’t see it and I’ve been, by God knows the reason, been empowered to see this very clearly right from the first day I saw you with your friend and Bobby. I’ve been greatly dazed and wowed by your invisible beauty. I’m sure now that this is what I want.’
He watched her closed her eyes very swiftly after his last statement. Even this angry state did more to reveal the inner and external beauty he had seen about her. He watched her eyebrows took another pretty dimension and her soft and well-formed cheeks also looked exceedingly beautiful. 
“Look, Steve,” She said after she finally opened her eyes, “I’m a prostitute, an immoral woman; I’m a bitter pill for sane men like you.”
“No, you’re not. You’re a good woman.” he said. 
“I’m not a good woman Steve”, she yelled at him.
“You’re Serena, you’re.” he replied softly.
“Look, man, I’ve never been in love with any man.”
“But I’m in love with you.”
“I don’t think I‘ll ever be in love with any man.”
I’m sure you’ll learn to be in love with me,” he said, his confidence growing.
“No. No. It’s not going to be.”
“It can be Serena.”
“I’m not good for you Steve, I’ve been very bad.” she said.
“Even that’s further fuelling the engine of my love for you.”
Serena suddenly picked up her bag, pushed Steve away from herself and stood on her feet facing the door and said, “You’re falling in love with a prostitute. I’m bitter as wormwood; I’m not fit for you!”
‘I’m taking you, “ he said grabbing her left foot quickly. “For who you are. I love you even as a bad, immoral prostitute. It’s a decision from my heart.”
“Steve, I think I’ve had enough embarrassment for today. Can we postpone this discussion to another day? “She said sharply, her countenance showed she meant business.
“Okay, okay Serena. If that’s your wish.”
He let go of her foot. I think I’m winning the match, he thought. I‘ll be ready for the second leg of the match.
Some thirty minutes after seeing Serena off, Steve was still feeling the terrific vibrations of all that happened between him and Serena that day. He spent some time to reminisce over the discussion between them and the many strange reactions of Serena to his views and confessions about her. He dashed into the kitchen to prepare some toast bread to fill his stomach. He took his meal to the bedroom instead of the dining table. He sat on his bed and quickly devoured all the three pieces of toast bread and gulped two cups of cold water to wash it down his throat. I know I’m sane, he thought. I want her for everything she’s and that’s from my heart. He rested his back on the bed and adjusted the pillow to support his head and slept off. 
(Note: Please leave a review, it will help the spread of this book and message . Thank you in advance.)

Chapter 4

“Steve, you must be kidding.” Bobby said.
“How do you mean?” 
“You must be out of your senses.”
“I’m definitely not, Bobby.”
“Don’t tell me you‘ve decided to get married to a spoilt prostitute.” Bobby said, shaking his head in utter disbelief.
“Yes.” Steve answered trying not to look at Bobby straight in the eyes.
“Don’t you know that the lips of an immoral woman drip honey and her mouth is smoother than oil. You’ve allowed her to talk you into this nonsense?”
“But, Bobby, that was not your stand six months ago when we had this type of discussion.”
“What was my stand, Steve?”
“You,” Steve said, now looking at Bobby straight in the eyes. “Said I should not be judgmental. You said I should always look at issues from the two sides of the coin.”
“That was then Steve and if I should remember, we were not talking about getting married to a prostitute then.”
Steve came alive and as if there was a sudden supply of inner confidence and strength. ‘Then what makes it different from the discussion of today?”
“That you’ve decided to take this to an erratic and unbelievable level by planning to get married to a prostitute.”
Steve stood up from his seat in the office he shared with Bobby and walked straight to the door, opened it to check if someone was eavesdropping, closed it back switching on the lock and offered a seat closer to his seat to his friend.
“I,” he resumed the discussion. “Decided to look at issues from the two sides of the coin. I took a decision not to be a judgmental dictator as you referred to me then. I received help to see the inner beauty and decency beneath the personality of Serena.”
“Uh, “Bobby sighed. “My dear friend is in love with a prostitute and he’s taken this gibberish to an indecent level which I ‘ll only need the spirits to explain to me or convince me.”
“Bobby, I only hope you can understand me.”
“I can’t. I can’t, my good friend. I only said those things some months ago not because I wanted to get married to Serena’s harlot friend but to satisfy my escapades and selfish pleasure.’
“Maybe you meant it for that but it’s all turning out to be the truth after all.”
“Look, my friend,” Bobby said holding his friend’s left hand. “Stolen water is pleasant. Harlots are meant to be eaten and drunk in secret. They’re not wife materials.”
“Bobby,” Steve said freeing his hand from the grip of his friend’s fingers and grabbed him by the shoulder. “This is not a secret meal. It’s a meal I’ve decided to eat in the public. It’s a drink I‘ve decided to drink in the presence of everybody. I’m in love with Serena.”
Bobby freed his shoulder from his friend’s grip and said, “I’m surprised you’ve allowed Serena’s flattering lips to seduce you into a marriage. You’ve allowed her enticing speech to cause you to yield to this nonsense. “
“No Bobby, it’s the other way round.”
“What do you mean?”
“I think, I’m the one who seduced her into what you called this nonsense.”
“You mean you wooed her.”
“Yes, I did. It took me three months before I could convince her.”
After this last statement from Steve, Bobby stood up, moved towards the window, opened the blinds and looked down from the 3rd floor of the 4-story building that housed their office.
“Steve,” Bobby said sharply, finally breaking the 2-minute silence between the two of them. “Are you sure you want this?”
“Yes I do,” Steve said with some fresh energy running through his veins. “I’m sure it’s from the bottom of my heart. I want Serena for whoever she is.”
“What was her reaction when you told her about this?”
“She did not like it at the early stage and she did everything to stop me.”
“And you were persistent.”
“Yes. It took me three months to get her consent.”
‘But you never told me about this?’
“Yes, I’m sorry. I did not want you to stop me.” He grinned.
“That means she’ll be leaving her cherished dirty trade.”
“Yes, she agreed to do that.”
“How do you expect to rehabilitate her?’
“I believe the forces that bring and bind such marriages together will help me to do that.”
“You know that a pig will …”
“Always be a pig,” Steve helped his friend to finish the statement. “Serena is not a pig. She’s a sheep who just allowed unfortunate circumstances to make her take up the nature of a pig. The forces responsible for marriage sanctity and survival will wash off her adopted pig nature.”
“What about the medicals?”
“You mean medical tests and examinations.”
“Yeah”
“We’ve agreed to do something about that before we conclude the arrangement for the wedding and make the wedding date public.’
Another 60 seconds of silence ensued between the two friends and colleagues until Bobby broke the silence.
“Have you informed your mum?
“That…’
“You’re getting married to a prostitute. “
“Oh no! Why would I tell her that? That would break her heart and kill her untimely.”
“Then what did you tell her?”
“I told her I’ve found the lady of my choice whom I’m prepared to get married to.”
Bobby turned to face his friend who was now standing behind him by the window, held his left hand passionately, looked directly into his eyes and said, “Steve, if this is what you want, I’m with you. You’ve got my full support.”
Chapter 5

 It was 2:30 a.m., Thursday, July 20, 2011.
Steve finally gave up trying to sleep. Turning his head to the east and looking through the window adjacent to his bed, he saw the day already dawning, announcing the beginning of another day. He had been awake most of the night, trying to fight off the other side of him which was painting a gloomy future ahead of him and the one who will be officially his wife that very day at the registry. I’m glad to be in this. He said to himself. I can’t wait for it to be over today. I can’t wait for Serena to be my wife finally. I’m not going to give in to any negative thought. I’m not getting married to a prostitute. I’m getting married to the inner beauty I saw in Serena. I believe this will work out fine. I’m casting off and suspending all doubts, all disbelief and all hopelessness.

But he was frightened and terrified. He was filled with deep concern about the past life Serena had lived. He was apprehensive of what a prostitute will bring on the table as a married woman. He was glad the medicals cleared her but he was scared of a scenario where Serena would return to her vomit despite her many promises not to do that. His thought also travelled along the direction of Bobby and wondered what Bobby’s reaction would be if eventually, Serena returns to her vomit. He thought about the shame and the regret that would follow such an occurrence. He shivered from his fright and his cold and from his inability to permanently put a stop to this negative side of his mind.
It was now 5:30 am and it was his alarm bell that cut short his short sleep. He rose from the bed, picked up his devotional booklet, read the message portion for the day, said his prayer and found his way to the bathroom.
“Are you getting tired of the journey before it started?” his other mind said to him as he turned on the shower and as fresh, cold water dropped on his head flowing down his body. 
‘No, I’m not,” he answered his mind.
“Then why the long negative thought all through the night?”
“Huh.” Steve shuddered. He found it difficult to answer the last question from his thought.
‘You said you saw the inner beauty of Serena.”
“Yes, I did.”
“And you’ve told her and Bobby about this severally.”
“Yes, I’ve done that.”
“Then, is that inner beauty no longer there?”
“Huh.’ Steve again struggled to find an answer to another question.
“What makes a man is his ability to go for and stick to what he had seen and which nobody has seen.”
That last wisdom chunk from his thought brought him back to reality. He stopped the shower, picked his towel, dried his body and wrapped it around his waist. He headed to the wall mirror in the bathroom, picked up his brush and toothpaste and gave a thorough wash to his teeth and mouth. 
12:10 p.m., Thursday, July 15, 2011, the city's main marriage registry already had people seated waiting for the arrival of the two lovebirds. 
Steve and Serena had planned for their wedding to be low-keyed but members of the two families disagreed and wanted an elaborate wedding. Even with that, Serena took a decision not to inform any member of her “night gangs” about her decision to get married. So none of them were present at the marriage registry. She had also secretly disengaged herself from her harlot profession several months before the wedding day after she agreed to get married to Steve. Steve’s parents and Serena’s mum were already seated and a few friends and relatives of the soon-to-be wedded couples. Photographers have also taken their positions. There were also some staff members of the marriage registry present. 
After they arrived at the registry, Steve and Serena sat in front and Bobby and Serena’s niece sat behind them as the groom’s man and bride’s maid. The setting was fantastic and awesomely wonderful. The protocol officers of the registry professionally directed the motions of the vehicles while the ushers' smiles welcomed the guests who were gorgeously dressed to the wedding program.
The registry’s Choir's angelic voices and the inspired hymnal song also did much to make the guest feel the joy of the moment with the couple. It was indeed a colorful wedding.
"The next item,” announced the registry officiating minister. “On the program is the joining of the intending couple together. “ 
The couple rose from their seats and walked towards the center of the stage and turned to face the people. Steve’s eyes caught that of Bobby, his groom’s man and he felt a strange knock in his heart. Bobby’s smiles and excitement seem like a stage-managed drama which is not always palatable to watch. 
The official continued, "Hebrew 13:4: Marriage is honorable in all, and the bed undefiled: but whoremongers and adulterers God will judge. God instituted marriage between a man and a woman from the beginning in the Garden of Eden in Genesis Chapter 2 verse 18. And Jesus, our Savior was present in a marriage at Cana of Galilee in John Chapter 2 verses 1 and 2. For this cause, shall a man leave his father and mother, and shall be joined unto his wife, and they two shall be one flesh."
He asked the intending couple to move closer to the people. "Mr. Steve, please kindly uncover your bride?" Steve joyfully and quietly did as instructed and Serena expressed her happiness with a lovely smile erupting from her face.  
“Is,” the minister continued. “There anyone in this gathering who is against this union? If we have such, the person should kindly signify now or keep quiet forever. The whole place was in complete quietness such that one could hear a drop of a needle. “If there’s none, then I believe we have the legal right to proceed and join this couple together as husband and wife under the constitution of the federal republic of Nigeria.”
That last submission from the official minster further knocked Steve’s heart. So, he said to himself while holding tightly to Serena’s hand. It’s finally done. It’s legal. I’m joined to Serena forever. I’m married finally to …, he could not muster enough strength to finish that statement from his mind. 

Chapter 6

Steve understood the need to take his wife on a honeymoon and he had fully prepared for that. He allowed Serena to bring up suggestions of where and how they should enjoy their honeymoon. He believed this experience will set the scene for a new world of romance especially for his beloved wife different from the type she had been used to. Though they have decided not to travel out of the country, he believed a comfortable location apart from their home will help the cause of their fledgling marriage. 
“And how do you intend to rehabilitate her?”
He recalled Bobby’s weighty question during one of their discussions leading to their wedding day as he was putting their luggage together for the journey while Serena was busy in the kitchen preparing the breakfast. 
And, Steve thought. How did I answer that difficult question from Bobby that day? That question threw me off guard. But I believe a well-packaged honeymoon is just one of the special ways to rehabilitate my lovely wife. I just hope so. He concluded in his heart. 
Steve does not just want their honeymoon to be all bedroom romps and luxurious lounge chairs on the beach with expertly crafted cocktails. He wanted more and he believed he had packaged a befitting honeymoon exploration for himself and Serena. 
“Oh, sweetheart, you’re still on that?” Serena said announcing her entrance into their bedroom.
“I’m almost done with it Darling.” Steve replied trying to conceal the apprehension that has dominated his thought before his wife entered the room. 
“I’m done in the kitchen.”
“I’ll be done with this in the next 15 minutes.”
“Oh, that will be fine. We can’t afford to miss our flight.”
“We won’t dear.”
Steve abandoned the bags and moved swiftly towards his wife, dragging her to himself in a warm embrace. Serena responded by offering her well-formed lips to welcome the advancing lips of her husband. They were in this state for another three minutes. 
“Steve,” Serena shouted disengaging her lips from her husband’s mouth. “You promised to finish your task in 15 minutes and you’ve wasted about 3 minutes already. You’ve got 12 more minutes Loverboy.”
“Don’t worry my dear; I’ve just received the tonic to do it in less than 5 minutes.”
“And what was that tonic?”
“The lovely kiss you just offered me.”
“Common,” Serena said. “Loverboy, you’ve to work before play. Remember that the honeymoon has not started yet. Get the job done, I’ve finished mine.”
‘Ok madam,” Steve agreed and resumed his duties. “Your wish is my command. I’ll be done soon.”
Steve was done with the task as he had said and hurriedly dressed up to join his wife at the dining table for breakfast. They planned to leave the house by 11 a.m. to catch up with the 2 p.m. flight to Abuja, the capital of the West African country, Nigeria where they are expected to lodge into Melianda Hotel & Gallery Resort. 
Melianda Hotel & Gallery Resort is a 5-star luxury hotel in the city of Abuja. It is one of the best in town. Each room at Melianda Hotel & Gallery Resort is fully air-conditioned and designed with an en suite bathroom. The hotel houses a spa and a well-equipped gym. It is a choice resort for politicians, top government officials and top business executives in and outside Abuja. The serene environment also adds to its many positives. The high-level professionalism of the staff of the hotel will always drag customers back for another taste of the action.
Steve had been there once when he went on an official assignment in the company of three other staff members of his company. He loved the city and also loved the serene environment around the hotel. He promised himself to come back to the same city and hotel for his honeymoon. He was surprised when his wife picked the same city and hotel as her choice for the honeymoon. 
Steve believed the serene environment around the hotel and the city is just what is needed to kick start their love journey and most importantly to commence the rehabilitation of his wife. He was sure that the 2-week honeymoon break will just be a very rewarding experience for him and Serena. 
Steve locked the door behind him, hurriedly walked down to the sitting room and noticed that his wife was already at the dining table waiting for him.
“Oh sorry,“ he said. “I kept you waiting.”
“It’s no problem; I’m compelled to wait for you.”
‘That’s nice,” Steve said and took his seat on the dining table facing his wife. “I appreciate that.”
“Hope the packing duty I gave you was not strenuous. “ Serena asked teasing her husband.
“No,’ Steve replied reaching out with his right hand to touch her wife’s cheeks. “What about the kitchen duties I gave to you? Hope it was not tedious.”
“You can bet I enjoyed it not with the tonic you gave me some moments ago.”  
“Oh, you’ve started again. Well, I enjoyed mine too. Thanks for the energizer you gave me.’
Serena served the food and drinks after which Steve said the prayer and both started eating. 
“Darling,” Steve said breaking the short silence. “I was just wondering why you chose that city and hotel when I asked you to make a choice some weeks ago about where we should go for our honeymoon.”
“Oh, “Serena said smiling at her husband. “I‘ve been to Abuja on two or three occasions before.”
‘Really,’ Steve said excitedly. “To visit a relative?”
“No, not at all Steve. I went in the company of my clients on those occasions. “
“Really,” Steve said shocked but tried to conceal his shock. “That’s great. Hope you enjoyed the city?”
“Oh yes, I thoroughly enjoyed myself on those occasions. Those clients were very rich executives of multinational organizations.”
“Pur ku purku,” Steve began to cough. 
“Oh dear, hope there is no problem.” 
“Pur ku purku,” Steve continued to cough and tried to reach out to the cup of water on the table.
Serena quickly grabbed the cup of water and put it into his mouth. After he stopped coughing, Steve tried to say something to assure his wife that all was well with him but Serena signaled to him not to say anything placing her right forefinger on her lips.
How, Steve said to himself. I wished I did not ask that question. He looked at his wife and smiled to reassure her that all was now well. That was a response I never envisaged and which I don’t need at this moment. He said further to himself. I just hope I won’t have more of this.
Steve continued with his meal while Serena watched him closely to ensure all was now well with her husband. She smiled at him and caressed him at the back of his left palm which was lying on the table. Oh! Steve thought. She did not even feel the heat of what she just said. That’s interesting. But she’s beautiful and I think I still love her, he concluded in his mind.
“Sweetheart,” Serena said, breaking the silence. “I hope you’re ok now. You may need to drink another cup of water.”
“I’m fine my dear.” 
Oh, bless God.”
“You can continue to eat your food.” 
“I won’t until you put the first spoonful of rice into your mouth.”
“Ok then, I‘ll just do that now.” Steve picked up his spoon and did as the wife had said. 
“That’s great. Now I can continue with my meal.” 
After a brief moment of silence, Serena tried to start another discussion. “Sweetheart, I just hope our honeymoon will be something similar to a click flick with all its romance and passion.’ 
“Yes, it will. The location and the hotel we are going to use are just perfect for that.” Steve replied and hoped he had not stirred the hornet’s nest again with his last statement. “
“I”, Serena replied. “Can’t wait to arrive at this venue with you.”
Suddenly, Serena dropped the cutleries in her hands, squeezed her face and also dropped her head…

Are you interested in this gift?
Conjugal Conflicts

I believe you should be interested in this free gift: Download Conjugal Conflicts novel: Short and real-life stories of errors from couples that break marriages. Visit Conjugal conflict page or click https://page.co/KjYyq to get a copy (only 100 downloads are available)
Chapter 7

Steve and Serena arrived at the Lagos International Airport at exactly noon. Their flight was to take off by 2 p.m. The couple used the extra hours to look around the airport vicinity. The excitement was evident on the face of the couple. Serena’s face looked bright as the morning sun. Her inner joy was visible even to outsiders. She could also feel the beats of the joy in her heart. To Serena, it was unthinkable some years ago that she would be embarking on a honeymoon trip with a man she would call her husband. She had gone on many business trips to different parts of Nigeria but those trips had always been in the company of men who had decided to abandon all decency to embrace immorality and infidelity.
This trip, she said to herself while Steve spoke with a doorkeeper at the entrance of a restaurant. Is different for me and I believe it’s going to be a unique one too. I never believed a man could offer the very bad Serena a honeymoon not to talk of a home. She thought. No condition truly is permanent. Though it’s a fact for the gods to explain but I know every condition can take a new turn. This is just one of the rare cases. But come to think of it, I nearly bungled the whole show with my mood some moments before we left the house. Thank goodness, I spoke my way out of it. Oh come on baby Serena, you don’t do that again. Uuuh… I don’t think that was any fault of mine either. Some strange thoughts just brought old memories of my dirty outings and stay at the same Abuja and the same hotel to me and I just could not handle that. I wonder why I chose the same hotel. Anyway, Steve told me that anything I’ve done before marriage belongs to my past and the past are meant to be forgotten. I think I should leave it there and never allow such to happen again.  She concluded in her mind.
Steve ushered his wife into the restaurant after his discussion with the doorkeeper and took her straight to one of the empty chairs and tables in the restaurant. He quickly walked up to the Attendant to order drinks and snacks for himself and his wife. 
Steve was as excited as his wife for this honeymoon trip. He had dreamt about a day like this. Although he never thought of the possibility of leading a harlot to the marriage altar not to talk of going on a honeymoon and offering his home to a harlot.
I, he thought as he waited for the Attendant to attend to him. Still can’t believe this is a reality. What a twist of fate! So, Steve, you’re in love and married to a harlot. Oh… but Serena is no longer a harlot, he’s now my wife. Old things and habits have passed away.
“Sir,” the Attendant said, cutting short his thought. “What can we offer you?”
‘Oh,” Steve replied. “Can I have two bottles of Schweppes and two meat pies?”
“Ok sir, I‘ll get that for you.”
“Thank you.”
The Attendant puts the drinks and the snacks on the server tray and punched the computer in front of him which rolled out a receipt which he handed over to Steve. Steve paid for the drink and snacks, took the tray and headed back to their table. 
The 1-hour flight landed at the Abuja International Airport at exactly 3.10 p.m. The two couples continued to enjoy the joy of the moment as they held hands looking for a cab to take them to Melianda Hotel.
 “Eh,” a man said smiling at Serena the moment they stepped into the hotel lobby. “Serena girl, how’re you doing?”
“Eeeeh, I’m fine Chief.” Serena replied disengaging his hands tightly held by her husband and ran to hug Chief Thomas. 
“Why’re you here sweet love?” Chief said looking in the direction of Steve who stood speechless at the entrance of the hotel lobby. 
“I’m here on a visit Chief.”
“For the usual?”
“Oh,” Serena replied, still smiling. “Common Chief, I’m not here for the usual but the real deal.”
“And,” Chief Thomas moved towards Serena, bent his head and whispered. “Who’s that?”
“Oh, that’s my husband,” She said turning back to look at her husband.
“Husband? Are you now married?”
“Yes Chief,” Serena said still smiling and pointing her thumb to her wedding ring tightly packed into the fourth finger on the left hand. 
“You left the trade?”
“Yes I did’
“That’s interesting,” Chief Thomas said startled. “Wonders truly shall never end. When I set my eyes on you some minutes ago, I thought the gods just arranged a chance meeting for me with the sweet stinging Serena.”
“Not any more chief.”
“Not anymore. Sure of that?”
“Very sure.”
“That’s interesting.”
“Yes it is Chief”
“Well,“ Chief Thomas said trying his best to hide his shock. “I’m here on a business trip at Abuja.”
“And you came with the usual?”
“No Serena, I came here with business friends.”
“All males.”
“Yes, all males.”
“Are you also putting your foot on the change path?”
“Change path. What do you mean by that?”
“I mean have you stopped doing the usuals like me?’
“Oh not yet. I‘m expecting a visitor tomorrow.”
“Well, Chief I’ m wishing you all the best.’
Serena ended the discussion and suddenly realized he was formerly in the company of his husband some moments ago. She ran back to where she left him and noticed he was not there again. She looked to the right and left sections of the big hall of the hotel and found her gloomy-looking husband seated on one of the chairs in the hall.
“I’m,“ Serena said, after taking her seat beside her husband. “Sorry Steve, that was an old friend. “
“An old friend or an old customer?’ Steve said with hot fury written all over his face. 
“What do you mean Steve?’
“I said an old friend or an old customer.”
“Steve, I still can’t understand you”
“Common,” Steve said raising his voice. “What do you take me for, a fool?”
“Steve, you’re shouting.”
“No. I’ve not shouted. My outburst will soon bring down this tall edifice.”
“Steve, what have I done wrong?”
“Eh Serena, you left me and offered a warm embrace to a total stranger and you don’t see anything wrong with that?”
“Chief Thomas is not a total stranger.”
“To you but he’s to me.”
“I know Steve but I still don’t know what I have done wrong.”
“Maybe you’ll need the gods to tell you.”
Serena observed they were already creating a scene at the hotel lobby and she resisted the urge to reply to the last statement from Steve. Steve also kept mute after he observed Serena had stopped talking.
“Can,” Serena said finally breaking the short silence. ”We go ahead to do the next thing on the agenda?”
Steve stood up angrily from his seat but Serena took hold of his hand and dragged him back to his seat.
“Can we stop creating a scene here?”
‘Ok,” Steve said and adjusted his seat. ”Can we now go ahead to do the next item on the agenda as requested by you, my dearest wife?”
The two couples stood up from their seats simultaneously, held hands and found their way to the booking section of the hotel to book a room. 
It was a much tensed first-hour silence for the couple in room 206 of the hotel. The unfortunate event at the hotel lobby had gone a long way to disrupt the early plans of the couple for their honeymoon. It was the most awful way to start a honeymoon for the couple who had intended, especially, on the part of Steve, to use it as a rehabilitation ground and also a binding platform for a blissful marriage. Steve had dropped the luggage and made straight to the bathroom to take a shower after he ushered his wife into the room while Serena dropped her bag on the floor and laid with her back on the bed shutting her eyes as if that would help her to forget the event at the hotel lobby.
What, Steve said to himself while he took his shower in the bathroom. A way to start a honeymoon. He turned off the shower as if the noise of the dropping water was disturbing the flow of his thought. I, he thought. Hope I‘ve not taken the wrong decision. I hope I’m in the right relationship. I hope what happened in Lagos before we left home and what happened some hours ago will not be a regular occurrence in this marriage. He turned on the shower again and smiled wryly. Hope should now become my second name. That, I believe, is going to be the saving grace I need for this marriage, he concluded in his mind. 
“Are,” his other mind said to him. “You getting tired already?
“Of what?” he asked his mind.
“Of the game even before the sound of the opening whistle.”
“I don’t understand.” 
“Common, Steve,” his mind said to him. 
“Aah,” Steve sighed and continued to enjoy his shower. 
“Successful team players don’t get tired before a game.”
“Now I understand.”
“You knew the type of game you were getting into.”
“Yes, I know.’
“You knew the type of teammate you’re playing the game with.”
‘Yes, I know… Aah.”
“You knew you need to put on your endurance cap and apparel to have victory.”
“Hmmm.”
Steve groaned and tried to shut the door of further conversation with his mind. 
“Remember,” his mind continued. “You said there is decency beneath the personality of Serena.”
“Yes, I know.”
“Remember you said Serena is not a harlot but circumstances turned her into one.“
“Yes, that’s true.”
“Then you should allow all these to be your realities.”
“How?”
“When you effectively internalize these realities, you will be able to weather the storm and make a success of your marriage.”
“I agree,” Steve said finally in his mind.
He turned off the shower and used the towel to dry his body. On getting to the room, he met Serena still lying on the bed and still with her eyes shut firmly. He quickly went straight to her, placed his two palms on her laps and knelt in front of her. 
“I’m sorry my dear.”
Serena did not respond and still kept her eyes shut.
“I’m sorry for my reaction some moments ago.” Steve apologized again rubbing his palms on Serena’s thighs. Serena opened her eyes, looked straight into her husband’s eyes and tried to turn around on the bed to release her thighs from the touch of Steve’s palms. But Steve held her firmly and stopped her from doing so. His palms still moving up and down on her thighs. 
“Common,” he said softly. “Serena, I said I’m sorry for my actions.’
Serena wriggled her body on the bed and breathed down heavily. “Steve, I left my cherished trade to be your wife because you wanted it.”
“Yes, I know.” Steve said.
“Steve, I’m a pig and you know that very well before you proposed to me.”
“Aah, Serena I know all these.”
‘If you’ve decided to take a pig into your home as a wife, then you should be ready to take her filth and muds along.”
“No,” Steve said softly with his eyes closed. “Serena you’re not a pig.”
“I’m,” Serena shouted.
“You’re not,”
“I’m and you know that. I am a harlot.”
“You were…”
“I’m,” Serena shouted again cutting short his husband’s statement. “Once a harlot, always a harlot!”
Steve sighed. He stood up from his kneeling position and sat beside Serena on the bed. He picked her up from the bed and helped her to sit beside him holding her hands firmly.
“No,“ he said. “You were never a harlot. Circumstances and unfortunate situations you had no control over made you take up the job of a harlot.  
“Hmmn,” Serena grinned.
“I still have that conviction, Serena.”
“You do? But your reaction some moments ago showed the opposite.”
“That was why I said I’m sorry.”
Serena broke into tears and said, “Steve I never wanted to do this. You pushed me into it. I enjoyed my life as a harlot. I knew I did not deserve any man’s home. I knew I was too bad for a man’s wedding ring. I did not deceive myself and I did not have any false hope, I just wanted to remain the same Serena I had always been. “
The last statement from his wife took some strength out of Steve and he could not find his voice to give a reply. He stood up from his sitting positing and drew Serena to himself holding her head firmly with his two hands so that he could look straight into her eyes.
“Serena,” he finally found his voice. “Even if you‘re not good for any man’s home, you’re good for my home. I love you for who you’re and I’ve vowed to sustain my love for you.’
He used Serena’s handkerchief from her bag to wipe off the tears on her face and dragged her face further towards his face and position her lips in a good position to receive his lips. Serena responded and her lips met her husband’s lips in a sweet and warm embrace. The two love birds were in this position for another two minutes. With Serena’s arms now resting on her husband’s shoulders and wrapped tightly around his neck, Steve knew he had to take the game to the next level on the bed.

Chapter 8

 In the morning when she came to him in the bedroom he was already awake and sitting on the edge of the bed, the towel around the back of his neck on his shoulder. Serena had woken up earlier and had gone straight to the kitchen to prepare breakfast and some takeaway packs for her husband for his journey.
“You’re awake?” She asked and he nodded raising his head to look at his wife. He had not slept heavily throughout the night until the small hours of the morning when he fell into a short heavy sleep. His official work trip to Port Harcourt has introduced two big burdens in his heart. 
“How’re you dear? He greeted spreading his arm and opening his legs to welcome his wife on his laps. 
“I’m fine sweetheart, your breakfast is ready.”
“Oh, thank you.”
“You need to go to the bathroom immediately.”
“Yes, I know.”
“Your bag is also ready too.”
“Double thanks, my dear.” He grabbed her closer to himself, kissed her forehead and then moved his mouth slowly to her mouth. 
“Common,“ Serena said disengaging her mouth from her husband’s mouth. “Loverboy, you have a journey and work on your hand today.”
“I know but first thing first.”
“And what’s the first thing?”
“What I’m doing now.”
“Silly boy.”
“Thank you, silly girl.”
Serena stood up from between her husband’s laps and dragged him into the bathroom. “You need to freshen up now.” She said, smiling as her husband stepped into the bathroom to have his bath.
Steve hurriedly took his bath, picked up his brush and pressed the toothpaste on it. As he brushed his teeth, the thought of why he could not sleep throughout the night came back to him. How I wished that the second burden is not there in my mind. Yes, I can live with or tolerate the first burden because I’m leaving my wife for the first time on a trip since we got married but…
He tried to cut off his thought as if to escape the second burden. I, he resumed in his thought. Can’t cut this off because it is real. I’m scared if my wife will be able to stay truthful for the two weeks I’ll be away. He stopped brushing his teeth, dropped the toothbrush and rested on his two hands on the mirror table in front of him. Can Serena stay faithful during my two-week absence; I don’t know. he concluded in his mind. 
All through breakfast and the preparation for the trip, Steve’s mind was constantly bombarded by the signals of that scary second burden. He tried to put it off as if it was not there. But the scary burden became more prominent every second he spent with his wife before he embarked on the journey. Can Serena remain faithful during my two weeks' absence from home? He asked himself again. I believe only time will give a credible or adequate answer and solution to that scary burden.
He, however, tried to hide his fraught feelings from his wife all through the preparation for his journey. Since the ugly event during the first day of their honeymoon; he had tried all he could, not to put Serena under heavy scrutiny or undue punishment or investigations. He also observed how Serena had become livelier and friendlier as a result of his decision. 
‘Baby,” said Steve as the taxicab driver ignited the car engine. “Take good care of yourself, I’ll surely miss you.”
“I’ll too,” Serena replied with tears gathering in her eyes.
“Oh stop the tears! I ‘ll be back in two weeks.” 
Serena nodded her head and tried to use her hand to stop the tears from rolling down from her eyes.
“Ok sweetheart,” She said, waving her hands.
“Just promise me you will be a good girl.”
“I’ll.”
“Is that a promise?”
“It’s sweetheart.”
‘Thanks for the promise.” Steve said as if that was the answer and solution to that scary burden that has dominated his mind since the middle of the night. The taxicab driver drove off from the compound.
On the third day after Steve left home, he put a call through to his wife with the office line as he had done on the previous two days since he arrived at Port Harcourt. “Who am I speaking with please.” he asked after a strange female voice picked his call. 
“Who do you want to speak with?”
“Serena”
“And who’re you sir.”
“Never mind,” Steve said. “I’m just calling to say hello.”
“I’m Serena‘s friend. She just went out for something. She left her phone behind.”
“Oh,” Steve said trying his best again to hide his identity. “Thank you. I still don’t know who I ‘m speaking with.”
“I’m Tara.”
“Ok, thank you.”
Steve hung the phone. The name, Tara sent some shocking waves throughout his body.
Tara was one of Serena’s colleagues in the night business. He met her on one of the days when he was trying to woo Serena. Tara was still actively involved in the business of prostitution and has vowed never to follow the foolish route Serena followed to get married to a man. She had said to Serena when she first informed her of the possibility of leaving the trade and getting married, “You were foolish to take such a decision. You see men are the same. They will do everything to boss you and will not even give you enough money to take care of yourself and enjoy the good things in life. I live and die with this business.“ Steve had not allowed Serena to bring Tara or any of her friends at Allen Avenue to their home. The negative reaction of friends like Tara was what encouraged Serena to keep her friends away from her wedding plans.
This disgusting recollections of Tara’s nasty statement as narrated to him by his wife further aggravated the aches that were now developing in Steve’s body and belly and he felt like using the toilet.
He rushed out of his office to find his way to the toilet. Oh, he said to himself. I hope it’s not what I’m thinking; Tara and Serena in my house. He stopped and turned back in front of the toilet. I don’t think I need the toilet now. I need to convince myself that the second burden that had been in my mind is not real after all. He thought as he sat down in his office. Come to think of it, I was hearing some discussions and noises in the background. That can’t be in my house. He tried to figure out an answer in his mind. And I hope it’s not at Allen Avenue too. That will be a graver sin. He finally said to himself as his body went limp and his mind went dumb.
“And what about if that was Allen Avenue? “ His mind asked him.
“It can’t be.“ he answered himself. 
‘But supposing it was at Allen Avenue?”
“That can’t be.”
“But it’s possible.”
“Aaah,” he shuddered. “That would be a costly mistake.”
“Did you say costly mistake?”
“Yes.”
“Are you surprised?”
“Yes.” he said to himself trying to shake off the uncomfortable discussion with his mind. 
“Why?” his mind kept up the discussion. 
“Should that surprise you?”
“A pig should not go back to her vomit.”
“Are you saying Serena is a pig?”
“No no no, I mean…”
“You,” his mind cuts his thought short. “Once said she’s not a pig.”
“Yes, I did.”
“You should know people like Serena will make costly mistakes.”
“I know but going on a visit to Allen Avenue is too costly.”
“Too costly?”
“Yes too costly. She needs to learn how to put away her harlotry from her sight.”
“Will that happen immediately?”
“I know it takes time but we’ve been married now for 8 months.”
“Don’t you think you need to give her more time?”
“More time… Aah… But she should just find a way to put away her adultery and prostitution from between her breast.”
“What do you intend to do?”
“I,” he answered himself and put his sweating head and face on his table. “Don’t know but she should just learn to stop going after her strange lovers who give her strange bread, water, oil, and drink.”
“Anyway you still need to find out what happened”
That last wise thought suddenly brought Steve back to some level of wisdom and decency. He raised his heavy-haired and wet head from his table, took out his white handkerchief from his pocket, wiped off and cleaned the heavy droplets of sweat that have gathered on his face. I’ve, he said to himself. Not even found out where the location was. Why am I behaving like a judge who passed a judgment without cross-examining the accused? He stood up from his seat and moved towards the empty chair where he dropped the office phone after his call to Serena. A judge who does that surely does not deserve applause, he concluded in his mind.
As Steve traveled back home in a taxi the following week, three days earlier from when he was to return home, he took time to think of what his reaction and action should be when he gets back home as a result of all that happened when he was away which he considered as dangerous trends for their young marriage. He was particularly furious that Serena, again, did not feel apologetic for her actions when he discussed the issue with her on the phone after he spoke on phone with Tara. He was surprised again that Serena never saw anything bad in visiting her friends at the Allen Avenue joint where she had previously lived her life desecrating her womanhood and shamelessly amassing stained money. He felt terribly disturbed. 
“Steve, I fear that a pig will always go back to its vomit.” Bobby had said to him on one of their many discussions before his wedding to Serena.
“Well,“ he had replied. “That seems reasonable. But that is when you allow the vomit to still be in place for it to be found by the pig.”
“Ah, pigs will always look for vomit wherever they can find them.”
“Yes,” he had agreed then. “What about when the pig has become a figure who no longer see vomit as an attraction?”
“Steve, I can’t figure out where your confidence is coming from.”
“Oh, come on Bobby,” he had said impatiently. 
“Don’t let us go over this issue again. I thought we had talked about this sometimes ago and you’ve even given me your support.”
‘Yes,” Bobby had said. “But you can’t always rule out a second thought.” A pig will always be a pig.”
No, he said to himself leaning backward and resting his back on the car seat as the taxicab entered the street leading to the street where his house was located. My wife is not a pig. There’s no vomit anywhere for her to return to. I refuse to believe any other thought and reality; he had said forcefully to recondition his mind. It’s just that I don’t know why her many mistakes are getting me worked up and distraught every time they happen.
The taxi driver pressed the car brake and stopped the engine just in front of Steve’s house. Steve put a call through to his wife to inform her that he was already at the gate. He paid off the driver, took out his load while his wife opened the gate.  


Chapter 9

  “Stop it,” said Serena reacting angrily to her husband’s accusation of flirting with bad old friends. “Stop it, Steve. I can’t stay here and watch you accuse me falsely.”
“And why that?’ asked her husband as he stretched out in one of the two-seater chairs in the sitting room, his feet on the small table in front of him.
“Why what Steve?”
“Why the shout Serena?”
“I can’t understand what you are driving at,” said Serena
“I know it’s the same old song of I don’t understand.”
“Ok Steve, what is wrong with what I did,” she said and found her way to the three-seater chair directly in front of her husband.
“I am surprised you don’t see anything wrong in visiting Allen Avenue,” Steve said squeezing his face while he looked directly into his wife’s eyes.
“And what’s wrong with that?”
“A lot, a lot my dear.”
“I’m all hears mister. Teach me.”
“You,” said Steve trying to keep his voice low. “Did not just visit that doomed location, you visited the very bad Tara. What has light got to do with darkness,” he added angrily.
“Look, Tara is my friend.”
“Tara is or was your friend?”
“Common, spare me the grammar.”
‘Yes I’ll and I’ll even spare you the noise and correction but I’m sure it wouldn’t help our young marriage.’
“Look,” Serena stood up from her seat. Tara was sick and I decided to pay a visit to a sick friend. You once told me it’s good to pay visits to sick people.”
Suddenly, Steve dropped the magazine in his hand, stood up and went straight to the freezer in the kitchen to get some cold water. He gulped two full cups of cold water in one brief moment in a manner that suggests his wife’s last statement dislodged him and was looking for an escape route.
“Serena,” he finally found his voice. “How did you know that Tara was sick?”
“I called her.”
“You called her,” Steve said surprised.
“Yes, I called her,”
“Have you been calling her since we got married?”
“Yes, I have.”
“You have?”
“Yes, Steve.”
Steve filled another cup with cold water and rushed it down his throat again. 
“My dear wife,” he said. ‘I never knew about that. I thought it was all over between you, Tara and Allen Avenue.”
“Look, Steve,” She said with drops of tears now rolling down her eyes. “Tara has been a good friend to me. She has been very nice to me; I can’t just throw her away like that as a mother throws away the bathwater just because I got myself caged in a marriage that has added nothing to me but to take away my precious and cherished freedom.”
“I,” he said. “Understand but do you know something? A bad friend who has refused to change will always get you back into the mud where both of you were feeding on in the past. That’s the danger, my dear wife.”
“Common Steve,” she said. “It was a mud we both enjoyed when we were feeding in it but you pulled me out of it. Now she’s still enjoying the mud and she’s not caged as I’m now as your wife.”
“Huh,” Steve groaned. “So you want to go back to your mud?’”
“Not really Steve. I only visited a friend that was sick as you taught me to always do.”
“I’m not asking you not to visit a sick person but a visit to Allen Avenue and Tara is not good for you and our marriage.”
“What do you want me to believe Steve?”
“That you must avoid old friends and Allen Avenue.”
“Steve, I’m confused.”
“Common dear, I love you. You know that I’m doing this to protect you,” Steve said and went back to his last sitting position while Serena remained in her sitting position turning her head and face away from her husband. 
A few minutes silence ensued between the couple. It was as if both were looking for other ways to pass across their individual views. Steve picked up a magazine, opened it but his eyes could not capture the letters on the pages of the magazine.
“And where did you see the golden wristwatch I saw in your bag,” Steve said suddenly still gluing his eyes and burring his face on the pages of the magazine in his hand.
Serena was shocked and quickly turned her face in the direction where her husband was seated and smiled suddenly. And suddenly, the smile was gone. It was as if there was a hidden switch in her mouth which turned the smile off the moment it came on. She stood up and walked towards the room and then came back to her seat and sat straight on the chair looking straight into her husband’s eyes where he was seated.
‘So,” she said to her husband, “It has got to that Steve.”
“It has got to what?”
“You now secretly search the contents of my bag.”
“That did not answer the question I asked you.”
“I don’t think I’ve got an answer to that.”
“Then,“ Steve said, “That means you’ve got a skeleton in your cupboard. Serena, where did you get the golden wristwatch from?”
“I’ll,” she said angrily. “Not give you an answer to that.”
“And why?”
“Because you don’t deserve to know.”
“And I demand to have an answer?”
Serena suddenly jumped to her feet and quickly headed toward the bedroom. Steve rose from his seating position and quickly walked up to the door leading to the bedroom before she got there and opened his hands wide to block the way.
‘Go ahead,” she said trying to drag her husband away from her way. “Mr. Investigator. Carry out more searches on other belongings of mine so that you can have more evidences.”
Steve held her and tried to drag her back to the sitting room but Serena angrily took off her hand from the grip of his hand. Steve held on to her despite the resistance. I will not let go, he thought. Yes, I’ll not. We’ve got to talk this over today. He finally was able to drag her back to the sitting room and helped her to sit down in one of the two-seater chairs.
“Steve I think I’m fed up with this whole project!” Serena said with a thick drop of tears trying to gather in her eyes.
“Which project?”
“This marriage project,” She said. “I’ve told you earlier that it would not work. You pushed me into this. You promised to love me for who I am. You told me it would work. Now I don’t see how this would work. It’s better I return to my first husbands; the ones I started with. That was a better life by far than this one. Then I had peace, freedom and was under no obligation to anyone. Steve, I’m tired of this caged life you called marital life. I am going back!”
“Yes, I understand,” Steve said. “I understand how you feel.”
“Good,” she said and stood up with Steve also standing up immediately. “If you truly understand, then you should accept my decision to go back to my life of peace, freedom, and enjoyment.”
“Serena,” Steve said quietly. “You’re wrong. Your former life was not a life of peace, freedom, and enjoyment. It was a false peace and dangerous freedom and enjoyment.
“Yes, at least I was not caged”
“You were my dear. You were. The cage was spiritual.”
‘Mister, I miss my old husbands. I miss my friends. I miss Allen Avenue.”
Steve thought for a while. Then he dragged Serena back to her seating position, knelt before her and stretched out his hand to hold her head rubbing his fingers on her hair. “Yes,” he said. “You may miss them but you’ve left them all for good. You don’t belong there anymore; you belong to me. Old things have passed away and all things have become new. You deserve a genuine love from a man and your old friends and husbands were not able to give that type of love to you and will never be able to give it to you. Nothing compares with true love. I’ve vowed to offer you that type of love.’
Serena looked at her husband’s eyes for the first time in the last 30 minutes and tried to take his hands and fingers away from her head and hair. Then, she said, “If what you’ve vowed to give me is true love, why all these troubles every day?”
Steve smiled for the first time since the argument began. “Because a refusal to discipline is a refusal to love. True love cares, forgives and also disciplines when the need arises.
“I’m,” Serena shouted. “Confused Steve. I want my old life. I’m going back.”
“You will not dear. You will not go back to your vomit.”
“I’ll.”
“You won’t.”
I’ll and I’m going back. Life out there is better than life in here.”
“It’s not Serena,” Steve shouted. ”You’ll not go back. You belong to me; you belong here.”
“I’ve vowed to love you with all I’ve got. What you do is not and who you are is not the determinant of the extent of my love for you. It’s my sovereign choice and decision to love you.”
That statement sent some shivers down the spine of Serena and she disengaged her head and hair from the fingers of her husband and rested her back on the chair. Some moment of silence ensued between the couple again.
“I,” Serena broke the silence. “Know you love me, Steve. I know the type of love you offer me is different from the ones I’ve ever met. It’s just that I don’t understand…”
“Shhh,” Steve placed his forefinger on his closed lips cutting short Serena’s speech. “You’ll understand my dear. All things will work together for our good. We will overcome this soon.”
Serena stretched out her hands and dragged Steve’s head nearer to her and on her full breast. “I,” she said. “Was wrong to have collected the golden wristwatch as a gift from Tara’s client.”
That revelation jerked up Steve’s head from her wife’s chest and breast.
“You,’ he said. “Mean you got that from Tara’s sex customer.”
“Yes, they came on a visit here a day before you came back from your journey.”
“They came to this house?” Steve said squeezing his face.
“I’m sorry Steve.”
Steve sat on the floor just in front of Serena looking directly at his wife’s eyes.
“So you allowed them to visit you in this house.”
“I’m sorry. Tara wanted to return my visit to her when she was sick. I never knew she was bringing along a friend.”
“But darling, that was an error…”
“I know Steve,” she said cutting off her husband’s statement.
“And you even collected a gift from her immoral friend.”
“I’m sorry.”
“Serena, you need to start putting your new status into action.”
“Huh,” Serena sighed and shook her head as if a truth just hit her like a thunderbolt. “I’ll be careful next time.”
“But why did you hide it from me.”
“I did not hide it from you, Steve.”
“You did not tell me about it when I came back.”
Serena looked into her husband’s eyes who was still rubbing his hand on his head. “Sweetheart, I was not fully sure of the correctness of what I did but I knew within me that you won’t like it.”
“That’s it,” Steve said, smiling. “Something within you was telling you that you’re taking the wrong action. You should have listened to that voice. You will have to learn how to obey that good inner voice.”
“I’ll dear. I’ll.”
“Serena” Steve stood up from the seating position on the floor, pulled his wife up from the chair and held her close to him. “I still love you for who you are. I still hold on to my belief that there’s decency beneath your personality.”
“Thank you, sweetheart.”
Steve dragged his wife towards the bedroom, opened the door and locked it behind them immediately. Serena offered little resistance. 

Chapter 10

 Steve looked up from his phone in his car and saw a scene he would have loved not to see at that moment and his heart missed a beat. He had left his office earlier before official closing time and had gone, straight as usual, to his wife’s office. Let me, he had said to himself, just wait in the car for her to close from work.
He never really expected what he saw but he felt it should not be a cause for concern either. That was Serena’s third week at her new workplace. He had picked her up from work back home on each of the days leading to that day.
I thought we’ve gone past this, he thought. I thought we’ve moved into the next level of our marital journey. But what I just saw is suggesting this type of ugly scene will always be there. Thank goodness I did not call her that I was already waiting in the car for her outside her office. I wanted it to be a surprise after I’d made her wait extra hours for me in the past. But it’s turning out to be the other way round; she’s the one giving me a surprise.
He adjusted his driver’s seat, lowering it so that he could lie straight on the seat as if that would help him to think right. But, he said to himself. Serena, you’re just less than three weeks old on this job and you’ve gotten so close to a man in your office that was holding your hand and wrapping his hand around your neck while you take a walk on the street.
He rose from his lying position on the driver’s seat, raised the car seat back to the normal position, picked up his car key from the second front seat where he dropped it after he saw the ugly scene and tried to start the engine. But, he thought. Was that Serena I saw? Was that my Serena? What could have warranted such a close relationship in less than three weeks at work? I’m confused. I need to get out of this scene, it’s driving me nuts. Oh, what can I use to thoroughly clean a dirty pig? Until the dirty pig is thoroughly washed, it would always go back to its vomit. I believe that’s the task before me and it’s one I can’t run away from, it’s one I’ve got to find a way to do whatever it would cost me. He concluded in his mind.
Steve drove back home without waiting to pick his wife back home from the office. He felt that was the only action that could save him from the embarrassing scene he just witnessed and the raging fire that was already building and ready to burn in his body. He knew if he had waited to pick Serena up after the close of work, it was unlikely an ugly scene would not be created and he believed that would not be a matured thing to do. 
Serena arrived home an hour after her husband arrived home and went straight into the bedroom and found Steve lying with his back on the bed and using the pillow to cover his eyes. Serena looked at him on the bed and then looked away, went to the mirror table, took off her wedding ring and wristwatch and dropped them on the table. She took off her clothes and moved towards the bathroom to have a shower.
“And what do you think you’re doing?” Steve asked.
Serena stopped just before entering the bathroom and without turning to look at her husband, “And what do you mean?”
Steve took away the pillow from his face, sat down straight on the edge of the bed. “You did not answer my question woman,” he said angrily.
“And what do you mean Mr. Man?”
“You came in here and said nothing.”
“And,” Serena turned back facing her husband, moved swiftly towards him and stood some distance in front of him. “You expect me to say something to you when you failed to pick me up at work today and also failed to pick my calls.”
“Serena, you don’t deserve to be picked up.”
That stunned Serena and she sat down beside him on the edge of the bed. ”And what do you mean by that?” She asked.
“So you want to know.”
“Yes dear.”
“I don’t think I’m in the mood to tell you anything now.”
Serena reached out her hands and grabbed her husband on both sides of his head dragging his face and eyes to her own. “What have I done again dear?” She said.
“A,” Steve said and tried to release his head from the grip of his wife’s hands but she held on to it firmly. “Lot Serena. A lot. Who was the man that was wrapping his hands around your neck while you walked on the street in front of your office today?’
“A man,” Serena said shocked. “Which man?”
“Are you denying this?”
“Oh, you mean Charles”
“I don’t know Serena. Who’s he?”
Serena took her hands away from both sides of the head of her husband, stood up from the edge of the bed and walked away straight to the table mirror and sat down on the chair facing the mirror. “Charles was an old friend and he works with another company on the same street where we have our office. We met when he came down to our office yesterday for a business transaction and he promised to take me out for lunch today.”
“I see,” Steve said quietly now seeing that he would have to face another tough experience again. “An old friend and you feel it’s not bad to agree to a lunch date with a man that’s not your husband and also for him to wrap his hands around your neck while you walk on the street.”
“And what’s bad about that Steve.”
“So you can’t see anything bad about that.”
“I can’t Steve and I’m not happy we‘re going over all these again.’
He watched her stood up from the chair and went straight into the bathroom. He wanted to stop her, to hold her hand and to let her see clearly why everything is bad with what she allowed a stranger to do to her. But a strange force tied him down to the edge of the bed where he sat. He watched her go into the bathroom and locked the door behind her. He returned to his previous position on the bed lying flat with his back on it and covering his face and eyes with the pillow.
Why must things continue to happen this way? After the last argument and after I used kisses to dry off her tears, I thought then and believed things were going to be all right from then on. I kissed her tears off, held her in a warm embrace, and made passionate love to her and she promised to be good afterward. I think that‘s turning out to be an empty promise. Why is our relationship getting uglier by the day? Why is she finding it difficult to live the good morals and decency I saw inside of her when I saw her for the first time? Perhaps, I’ve not grappled with the reality that I’m married and in love with an unrepentant prostitute. Perhaps… He shook his head and then took away the pillow from his face and remembered he still had to finish the Charles issue with his wife.
“And who’s Charles?” Steve said after his wife came out of the bathroom.
“Charles is an old friend,” She said without looking back while she walked down to the table mirror. 
He rose from the bed, moved quickly toward her and held her firmly shaking her body. “You’re not doing anything until you tell who he’s.” He said angrily.
“Steve, you‘re becoming violent.”
“Because you‘ve said nothing and I want to hear something,” Steve said, relaxing his grip.   
She shook off her body from his grip and took her seat on the chair before the table mirror looking into the mirror in front of her.
"Ok, ok," He said softly. "Serena, who's Charles?"
“Charles," she replied still looking into the mirror, "Is an old friend and he only took me out for lunch. He was sharing a joke which got us laughing and that was why he wrapped his arm around my neck. We were childhood friends and I told him I'm married. There's nothing sinister between us. There's nothing between what you saw and what you think you saw."
Steve felt a bit relieved and put his hands under the armpit of his wife, lifted her up from the chair and took her to the bed so that they could sit beside each other.
"I'm sorry I shouted at you," he finally said.
"You did not only shouted; you were violent."
“I"m sorry all the same."
"Apology accepted."
"Look, Serena," he said now looking straight into the eyes of his wife after dragging her head toward his face. "You shouldn't have honored a lunch date with a male friend without first telling me."
"Really," Serena said shocked. "Must I tell you about every action I take even at work?”
"Yes, you should. That's what it means to be a responsible married woman."
"But I'm not dating him."
"Yes I know and I believe you."
"It was just a reunion with a good old friend."
"Yes I know and I believe you."
"Then, what's my offense this time?"
“You shouldn't accept a lunch date from a strange man."
"But Charles is not a strange man to me."
"But he's to me."
"Hmmmn."
“Or don't you think so?"
She stood up from her sitting position on the bed, moved some steps from her husband and said, "Yes, he is. I can see what you’re driving at now."
"No one will believe your story if you tell them there are no strings attached. As a married woman, you don't act like a free bird that anyone can have access to any time they like.”
"Now I know I’m caged.” Serena suddenly busted into tears and walked back to sit beside her husband on the bed.
"What," Steve said surprised at her sudden outburst. "Is that supposed to mean Serena?"
"I’m,” she said with hot tears now dropping from her eyes." Caged! You’ve caged me with this marriage thing. Now I can't do what I like. My entire life is under a cage as a married woman. I'm not free anymore to enjoy the type of freedom I enjoyed as a prostitute. I'm not comfortable with this; I want to get out."
Steve pulled up his wife from her sitting position beside him, opened wide his laps and made her sit in between his laps. "That," he said. "Freedom you enjoyed as a prostitute was dangerous freedom. You taught you were free but you were actually caged. This caging you called marriage is the best a woman and a man should hunger to have and keep."
"No!” She said with balls of tears now rolling heavily down her eyes. "You’re wrong. You called life where I can do all I can without anyone watching over my neck and putting an unnecessary burden on me a caged life? Common, don't be silly Steve."
"Sweetheart," he said using his palms to dry the tears rolling down from her eyes. "You had all the freedom but freedom without control can lead to destruction. This marriage presents you the freedom with control. It’s the better life, Serena."
The couple kept silent for some moment as if there was a cerebral force that ensured they did that so that they could individually apply their hearts to understanding.
"My dear," Steve broke the short silence. "Can we see a Marriage Counselor?
"Why?" Serene asked, shocked.
"I think we need one."
"For what?"
"We need help. We need a third party who's a professional in matters like this to talk to us. You need to hear all the good things I'm saying about marriage from an expert third party."
“And what's the discussion going to be about?”
“About us; you and I. About our marriage and about our home and future."
"Now, are you planning to wash my dirty linen in public?"
"And what's that supposed to mean?"
"The Counselor and the whole world can know that I'm a prostitute."
"Common Serena, I've told you that you're not a prostitute. There's decency beneath your personality. You're my lovely wife and we only need a piece of professional advice on how we can have a prospering marriage."
"When do you want that to come up?"
"I think as soon possible my dear."
"Ok Steve," She said and tried to stand up from her seated position between the laps of her husband. "Let me quickly dress up and get us something to eat."
"No," he said and dragged her back to her seated position. “You’re not going anywhere, I want you here."
"But you must be hungry. You need to eat something.”
"Yes, I need to eat you, my dear."
"Oh," she said trying to remove the hands of her husband that were now caressing the top of her skin from her head to the shoulders and down to her elbows. "Common, lover boy. Not now, there's time for everything. "
Steve was adamant and ensured his choice overruled that of his wife. The couple melted down in deep love using their bed as the platform for love play.


Chapter 11
There were concrete steps outside leading to the upper part of the one-story building on Chemist Street, Magodo GRA, Lagos. The concrete steps led to a beautifully designed door on the landing upstairs with a bold inscription on a rectangular wooden plank attached to the middle part of the door. The well-written and decorated inscription showed clearly what the room, this beautiful door led to is used for. As Steve and Serena approached this door, this message of 'Hey, don't kill it yet until you’ve talked to us ' went a long way to show them what they should expect from their visit to this office.
Steve pressed his hand on the doorknob, turned it, opened the door and stepped back to usher his wife into the reception of Conjugal Peace Home, owned by Mrs. Mary Hamilton, a well-known marriage counselor in the country. A professional to the core and the one who has used the platform of her company to save lots of marriages from collapse.
‘‘You’re welcome, Sir and Ma.” the beautiful and smiling receptionist said in her seated position.
''Thank you.'' Steve replied smiling.
‘‘We’re Mr. and Mrs. Steve Davies.”
"You can have your seat," the receptionist said pointing to the two vacant seats in front of her
"Can I have your printed appointment slip?”
"Oh yes," Steve said dipping his fingers into the pocket on his shirt.
"Here’s it."
"Ok, you have an appointment at 1 pm.”
"Yes, we decided to arrive early so that we would not miss the appointment time.”
"Oh, that's thoughtful of you. You have to stay behind in the guest room until the appointment time." The receptionist rose from her seated position and led the couple to the waiting room, got them seated and handed over, one to each, two beautiful marriage magazines to them.
"Thank you for your warm hospitality." Steve said.
"It's my pleasure sir," the receptionist replied." It's my duty and obligation."
The two couples opened the magazines in their hands while waiting in the air-conditioned room which had only chairs and tables whose tops were filled with different magazines. Probably this was a deliberate attempt for visiting couples or guests to fix their attention only in the magazines while they wait for their sessions with the counselor.
It worked perfectly on Steve and Serena as they both glued their eyes to the magazines as if the solution to their marital problems were on the pages of those magazines. I, Steve thought. Wonder what’s going through Serena’s mind. She has refused to say a word to me since we left home. He continued to feed his eyes with the letters on the pages of the magazine in his hand. I, he thought. Hope she’s happy with this visit after all I did to convince her the other day about the necessity of this. Well, she should be happy about this, after all, she’s the one that needs it most. She has to be fully rehabilitated. Her costly errors are getting me worked up by the day. After all, I gave her the opportunity of a home and a future, she should be grateful to me. He said in his mind still looking keenly inside the pages of the magazine. Or, he thought.  Maybe, I should be grateful to her for offering me the opportunity to experience a unique marriage and relationship. Wow! It has been an interesting eight months of marriage to a prostitute. Oh! I’m sorry, to my wife. I think I’m enjoying it now though I’m also feeling the pains sometimes. I only hope this visit will spark off new experiences in her life and in our marriage. He said in his mind as if he was trying to find a force that will assure him it will. I hope so, he concluded in his mind.
Suddenly, the door of the waiting room opened and the receptionist entered and announced that it was time for them to see the Counselor. She led them to the office of the Counselor.
"How're you, Sir and Ma?" Mrs. Hamilton said, welcoming the couple to her office with a cheerful smile.
"Good afternoon Madam," both of them said simultaneously and took their seats in front of the Counselor.
Both of them watched with keen interest as the counselor read through the simple form they filled online when they scheduled their appointment.
"You're," Mrs. Hamilton broke the long silence in the room. “Mr. and Mrs. Davies, you’re welcome again to my office."
"Thank you so much madam," both couples chorused again.
"Let me inform you that counseling is always helpful. Your life and marriage would always gain lots of benefits from sitting down together for a few sessions with a wise third party. A professional who can make sense of a relationship and encourage two furiously hurt people to listen to each other the way they have not done before. Don't you think so? "
Both couples looked at each other after the last statement and then looked at the counselor and shook their heads in agreement.
"Hmmn," Mrs. Hamilton continued. "I’m sorry for the last statement I made. We always say that to welcome couples into our office and to let them know they may not have to kill their marriages after all. To let them know there are hope and solution to whatever problem they may have."
“We understand madam," Steve and Serena said simultaneously again.
Mrs. Hamilton shook her head and smiled. "Do you know that the two of you have done one unique thing since you came into this office some minutes ago?"
"What's it ma? The couple asked simultaneously.
"You just did it again," Mrs. Hamilton said excitedly, stood up from her seat, walked down to a table on one corner of her office and picked up a small dummy figure of a couple in the same uniform. "You’ve given the same response to my greetings and questions since you entered my office some minutes ago. I also observe that you always look at each other’s faces before responding to me.”
"Ooh," Steve and Serena said and smiled looking at each other's face. "We didn't observe that."
"But I noticed that because I'm a professional and because I believe the two of you are a perfect match for each other." 
Mrs. Hamilton went back to her seat and raised the dummy figure she picked up and pointed her finger to it. "Can you see that this dummy couple is in a uniform? You are just like them. Though you’re not in the same uniform cloth today but your answers and reactions to my greetings and questions have shown that. The loving voice inside you is the same and it should give you the hope and the strength to have a blissful marriage despite the problem. I also observed you always look at each other’s faces before you gave a response or reaction to some of my questions and statements.” 
That last statement from the Counselor did much to calm the nerves of Steve and Serena and this was clearly visible to Mrs. Hamilton. The counseling session continued with Mrs. Hamilton having separate 30 minutes sessions with the couple.
"Mr. Davies," Mrs. Hamilton said after Steve and his wife came into her office for the joint session." I've analyzed the results of the separate sessions I had with both of you, I observed you failed to mention an important event that may be triggering conflict in your marriage."
Steve was surprised and he adjusted his seat and fixed his eyes on the counselor's eyes.
“And what is that madam?’
"Don’t," Mrs. Hamilton said immediately after she observed Steve’s uncomfortable reaction to her last statement. "Get yourself bothered about this, it's not a problem. She gave me permission to talk about it even though she felt you may not like it.”
  It's," Steve said trying to regain his composure. "Ok madam, I' m all hears."
"Your," Mrs. Hamilton said smiling. "Wife told me she was a prostitute before you married her and she believes it's wrong for you to expect her to be the change girl you desired overnight."
The last statement of Mrs. Hamilton got Steve furious. He never expected Serena to tell Mrs. Hamilton that much. He felt that was a secret his wife would do anything to protect.
Mrs. Hamilton stood up from her seat and picked up a white handkerchief, dipped it into black ink and walked back to her seat. 
But, Steve looked at his wife and said in his mind, Serena, I never expected you to bring that up here.
"Oh, that's okay Mr. Davies." Mrs. Hamilton said after she noticed how Steve looked at his wife.
"I," Steve said turning his head to face the Counselor. "Understand that you're carrying out your professional duties Mrs. Hamilton, but there are some things that are supposed to be kept eternally secret between couples." 
‘And what about if that’s the issue that’s triggering the dispute and instability in the home? "
"Huuh, " Steve groaned and remained speechless."
"I understand your concern, Mr. Steve. All issues can be discussed with a professional so far it can help the situation at home and bring peace and calmness to the marriage. Talking to a trained third party about this secret issue can go a long way to unlock the rigid and inflexible mindset that each partner may have about the other or the marriage. It facilitates discussions and reminds partners of the positive reasons they first came together." 
“Mrs. Hamilton, "Steve said stretching out his right hand to hold her wife's left hand. “I love my wife for who she is. I took a decision to marry her for who she is. Right from the first day I saw her, I did not see any sign of prostitution in her though she was deep into it. I knew circumstances and societal pressures turned her into one. I was sure my love and my home will completely pull her out of prostitution. I was sure of that before I chose her as my wife." 
“Are you still sure of that?” Mrs. Hamilton said smiling at Steve.
"I am, madam. I am."
"That’s nice and thoughtful of you."
Mrs. Hamilton turned to Serena. "What do you think Mrs. Davies?"
"I," Serena said with her face turning gloomy. “Believe him. He has shown so much love to me since we got married, the type I’ve never witnessed all my life. Steve is a husband to Cherish; it's just that I believe his demands are becoming too difficult for me to meet."
"That's the word," Mrs. Hamilton said suddenly after Serena's last statement. "What do you think about that Mr. Davies?"
Steve released the hand of his wife and drew her to himself from her seating position beside him wrapping his right arm around her neck. "Maybe madam," he said. "Maybe I expected her to change quickly. Maybe I'm putting too much pressure on her. Maybe my demands on her are weighing her down and making her commit more mistakes. Maybe..."
"That’s ok Mr. Davies." Mrs. Hamilton said cutting short Steve’s emotional statement.
“But, "Steve continued. "I want her for myself. I want the whole of her heart and the whole of her being. I want to be the only rose in her garden of flowers. I’m jealous for her. I 'm…"
"But you’ve got the whole of her Mister." Mrs. Hamilton said cutting Steve short again.
"Not yet Mrs. Hamilton. Not yet."
"She’s married to you. With more patience, you will surely get all you want of her." 
"I believe you," Steve said now looking in the direction of his wife.
Mrs. Hamilton took the stained white cloth from where she dropped it on her table and held it up so that the couple could see it. "Mr. Davies, you saw me when I picked up this handkerchief. It was white initially but got stained by the ink I put on it.”
"Yea," Steve said nodding his head and still holding his wife firmly by her right shoulder.
“You know that the ink stain must be removed before the wife handkerchief can retain its whiteness.
"Yea." Both of them nodded their heads at the same time.
"It’ll take an extra force, extra patience, and extra diligence, an extra carefulness, an extra love to remove this ink stain permanently because it’s a grievous stain."
Both couples nodded their heads in agreement again.
"Mr. Davies," Mrs. Hamilton said smiling. "You can remove the stain from your wife but you need all the extras I've mentioned and more."
"Yea," Steve nodded his head in agreement.
"Until you put in the extras, the stains remained and you’ll be unable to help your wife or have the whole of her for yourself.” 
Mrs. Hamilton dropped the stained handkerchief and turned her face to look at both couples at the same time.
"Both," she continued. "Of you must give extra commitment in this marriage or else it will fade out and die. You must learn each other’s vulnerabilities and learn how to take responsibilities."
The Counselor ended the session for that day and gave an assignment to the couple to be submitted on the next appointment day.

Chapter 12

Now it was Saturday morning and as he dressed for his outing to a workshop organized by his company for its executives in all states of the federation, he thought about Bobby Tamor, his good friend, who he was sure would be at the workshop. Since Bobby was transferred to another state and branch of the company some months after Steve's wedding, the two good friends have not had the opportunity to see each other physically and have their usual long gist. They have only conversed via the phones and other electronic communication devices.
Steve could not really understand why he was so cold about seeing Bobby and why he had thought about their physical meetings since the day Bobby confirmed to him, through the phone, that he would be coming for the workshop. He could not understand why he had to think about this all through the night leading to that morning.  He wondered whether he has any good report to give to Bobby about his wife, his home and marriage. He could not figure out what he had to tell a friend who warned him about his weird choice to get married to a weird and notorious prostitute? Though, Bobby later supported his decision but he was sure that support was not born out of a genuine conviction of his belief in the step he wanted to take at that time. Well, he had gone fully into it and he was just wondering why he was so cold to see Bobby physically.
He observed how Bobby had avoided any talk about his marriage and wife anytime they talk on phone. He knew that was a matured decision from his good friend. He had respected his decision and had kept issues about his marriage away from their discussions on phone for the past two years and since Bobby was transferred out of Lagos. But can both of them hold on to their no-marriage talk resolutions when they meet physically at the workshop?  He was sure they wouldn't have the strength to do that this time around as it was with their phone conversations. Phones, he said to himself. And other electronic devices, no matter how they have turned our world into a global village, cannot be compared to the physical conversation when two long-term friends meet each other after months of separation. 
Bobby had been a good friend to Steve since they met during their finally year in the university. After school, they maintained the friendship and contact during the compulsory national youth service corps program where they served in different states of the federation. As the forces that keep such friendship intact would have it, they got a job on the same day in the same company after their youth service program ended. Both worked for two years in the same office before Bobby was transferred to another state of the federation. It had been a long, happy friendship and Steve was sure they would have a lot to talk about when they meet at the workshop. He only hoped they would leave the issue of his marriage out of their discussion as they had done with their phone conversations.
He went out of his flat through the back door. His wife and their one -year old son neatly and well placed on her chest were waiting for him beside the car.
"Did you," his wife said, smiling at him. "Find the document?”
"Oh yes," he replied." I got it. I left the file on a table in the kitchen."
"Careless you." 
“Don't mind me dear.”
Steve stretched out his hand signifying that Serena hand over his son to him which she hurriedly did. "Tammy," he said smiling at his son. "I’ll miss you.”
"So you’ll miss only your son."
"Oh, l’m sorry dear. I’ll miss both of you."
"That’s better."
"Take care of yourself and my baby." Steve said handing over the baby to his wife.
  "I’ll sweetheart." 
Steve looked at his wristwatch and rushed into the car, started the engine and looked through the window to say a final goodbye to his wife and son. He pressed the throttle and drove out of the compound.
As he drove through the ever busy Lagos road, his heart contracted when he remembered again what he had to give as a report to his good friend, Bobby when they have the opportunity to talk and gist. He shook his head and as he navigated the car through a difficult bend, he told himself that it is always possible to navigate yourself out of difficult situations in life as he had just done with the car. He just did it with the car; he can do it again when he meets Bobby that day.
Come, he said to himself. To think of it, it has not really been a gloomy situation all through. At least, I still have some sweet stories to tell. Though, there have been many unfavorable events and situations but I'm happy for some sweet events too, he said in his mind.
I, he thought. Wonder how I’ve been able to handle those gory situations. The many stormy arguments that have almost crumbled our young home. The embarrassing event at Abuja during our honeymoon. The visit of Serena to Allen Avenue while I was away and the collection of a gift from Tara’s whore friend. The unfortunate sinful meeting of Serena with her childhood friend, Charles and how Serena threw all caution to the wind to have a sexual affair with Charles in a hotel. That last thought sent some shivers down his body and some pains into his heart. He was angry with his mind for bringing that last event to his mind again.
  "I," his mind said to him. "Thought you've moved over that."
  "Yeah," Steve said. "But it’s painful." 
  "Painful?” 
"Yeah, painful!"
"But you moved over that." his mind reminded him.
"Yes I did but how do you expect me to totally take that out of me. It's horribly painful."
"You have to and you need to."
  "Uuuh."
  "You need to constantly get yourself drenched in the water of love you have for her."
"Yeah," Steve replied his mind.
"I've got to. Yeah! I've got to forget the fact that she hid this from me for months. Yeah, I've got to forget the fact that it only took the discovering of a secret love email sent from Charles to her to know the truth. I’ve got to forget the fact that our visit and education at the counselor's office did nothing to stop my lovely wife from committing adultery. I've to forget the fact that it took me many days to stop doubting the true ownership of her pregnancy when she told me she was pregnant three months after the Charles issue..."
"Common." his mind cuts him short.
"You’ve got to forget all these. Remember that love covers multitudes of sin."
Steve drove into Palmas hotel where the workshop was going to take place. As he tried to pack his car following the direction of the hotel’s traffic controller, he thought, At least, I still have some good results to show and I believe that should form the report I’ll give my good friend, Bobby if eventually our discussion goes toward that direction. He concluded in his mind.

Chapter 13

 "That was how I escaped death." Bobby said regretfully and thankfully.
"That’s interesting.” Steve said sadly.
"It’s no problem again Steve," Bobby quickly said, tapping his friend on the right shoulder. "It belongs to my past now. I’m now a changed soul."
Steve smiled and dropped his spoon in his plate of rice in front of him. "I’m happy for you Bobby. I‘m happy your life was spared."
Bobby, after the exchange of friendly greetings between him and his friend during the one-hour break time at the workshop, had narrated how he was nearly trapped into death by a night girl he took on a weekend journey some months back. Unknown to him, the lady had arranged for her gangs to kidnap him and use him for money rituals but his life was spared as he found favor with the leader of the gang who he had helped as an undergraduate in one of his many benevolent outreaches to universities in the country. This gang leader recognized him and asked his men to release him and let him go without hurting him.
"Steve, "Bobby said smiling at his friend. “That experience still lives with me till today. I would’ve been dead by now. After the event, I took a decision never to have anything to do with prostitutes again."
"Huuh," Steve sighed as he watched his friend excitedly put two spoonful of rice into his mouth. And, he said to himself. Is my own experience with a prostitute better than Bobby's?
"Steve,” Bobby cuts short his thought. “I think you're lucky to have Serena."
That shocked Steve. “But she's also a prostitute." He protested.
"You mean she was also a prostitute."
"Oh, I'm sorry about that. She was also a..."
"Steve," Bobby said, smiling again at his friend and cutting him short again. "You're lucky indeed. There must have been something mysteriously golden in her that made her agree to be your wife in the first place. Real prostitutes are wicked and mean, they won't abandon their trade for a home and for a man."
"Really."
"Yes, my dear friend. Now I believe you when you said you saw the decency beneath the personality of Serena. You were right and you're still absolutely correct, even though I never really believed you then."
Steve couldn't believe his eyes and hears. He has never seen his friend in such a preaching mood before and he has never heard such glorious talks from his friend before. Despite his many warnings to Bobby about his many dangerous adventures, he has always risen stoutly in defense of his actions and most times, ugly argument scenes had always been created between them. Something, he thought while they allowed some moments of silence between them. Has changed about Bobby. Yes, something great has happened to him. This is not the Bobby I used to know. He filled his cup with cold water from the bottle in front of him on his table and quickly gulp all of it in one fell swoop. I never expected our meeting to go along this route. I never!  He said to himself.
"So," Steve broke the short silence. "How's your plan for marriage?"
"It's on ground, my friend."
"Hope you’re not planning to get married to a prostitute just as I did."
"I'll, "Bobby said and smile.“ If only I can find one like your Serena."
"Common," Steve said, laughing." You didn't even ask about how my marriage is faring. You’ve avoided doing that on phone and now you’re doing the same."
“Steve," Bobby Said, pushing aside the plate of rice in front of him and looking straight into his friend’s eyes. "I know it's likely Serena always returns to her vomit. I know that probably some of her actions get you irritated more often. I know my friend, I know. But one thing is sure; Serena is not one of those wicked prostitutes out there. There’s something special about her. You saw it in the beginning and you must continue to make yourself see it."
That last statement from Bobby jerked up the strength within Steve and he pushed away the plate of rice in front of him just like his friend did some moments ago. "Bobby," he said with balls of tears gathering in his eyes." You’re correct. I love Serena deeply and I’m sure she's different but ..."
"I know," Bobby said stopping his friend from completing his statement. "You don't have to tell me all that is left in you. Serena will not be that gold you saw in her initially until she's thoroughly refined. You know it takes the extra fire to do that. For now, you need to put up with her raw state and help with the refining fire to bring out the beauty you saw in her at the beginning."
"Huh." Steve grinned.
"How 's," Bobby said, smiling." How is your son?"
"He's fine," Steve said and tried to help his eyes to roll back the drops of tears that were about to fall from them.
"I hope to get married soon when I find the right lady."
"Yes, I’m waiting to receive the I.V. soon."
"We," Bobby said looking at his wristwatch. "Need to go back to the workshop now. Our break time seems to be over."
The two good friends stood up from their seats, paid for their food and drinks and moved hurriedly back to Palmas hotel, venue of the workshop.

Chapter 14

  Steve drove back along the road, looking but unseeing, his sight blocked by the pillar of joy and excitement in his heart. He thought of the pains in the heart he had had to go through since he married Serena but could not feel the effect of the pains again because of the joy that has flooded his heart. The discussion with Bobby was something he never thought would go the way it went. The gracious words from his friend have helped in creating joy in his heart.
I'm glad, he said to himself. Bobby has turned a new leaf. I 'm excited he’s alive today to tell the sweet story. I'm happier; he's the one who has created the words that have supplied the streams of joy in my heart. He switched off the music blasting away from the car radio. Oh, he said to himself. Common, stop the noise. I don't want to hear that now. Wonders shall never end, my friend, Bobby has become a preacher of good things.
“The same way Serena will become one," his other self said to him. “People can always become good, better and the best."
"Serena!" he flung at himself.
"Yes, Serena, "his other mind said. “Bobby has become a new creature so Serena can also become one too."
"Yes," he agreed "I hope it happens now. I hope it happens quickly."
"Happens now?” his other mind asked him.
"Yes, I want it now. I'm losing patience. I'm almost detesting my decision to go into this already."
"You don't have to."
"Yes," he agreed.
"You're to continue..."
"Continue to," he said cutting off his mind from finishing the statement. “See the good morals and decency behind the personality of Serena. Put on display the extra power, extra patience, extra love, extra everything to help her become the woman I desire."
"Now you get it."
"I know. I know and I've always known that."
"Just keep it up.”
"Ok then, " Steve said to himself shutting off further thought on the issue, pressed the brake of his car in front of his house and pressed the horn to signal to his wife to open the gate from behind.
When Steve did not see a response from his wife to the sound from the car horn, he picked up his phone to call her phone number but found out that it was switched off. What's happening? He asked himself and pressed the horn again. Just then he noticed that the gate was locked up from the front with a padlock suggesting that his wife was not inside the compound. He quickly pulled up the hand brake, opened the car door and moved swiftly towards the gate shaking the padlock.
What, he thought, walking back to the car. Is going on here? Where’s Serena and where’s my son? He picked up his own key to the padlock from his bag in the car, unlocked the padlock, drove into the compound and entered his apartment.
I don't think anybody is in this house, he said to himself. He picked up his phone again, dialed his wife's number and received the same response that the phone was switched off. Steve dropped his phone on one of the chairs, put off his jacket, loosed his belt and sat on the floor wondering where Serena had gone without informing him.
Then, he rose up suddenly and rushed into the bedroom only to find out that Serena’s clothes were missing from the clothes wardrobe. This discovery sent some worries into his heart and mind and he went to the bedroom, lying flat on the bed and was speechless
What's going on? He asked himself again as if he expected a quick, ready-made answer from somewhere. Serena has packed out of the house and has taken my son away with her. This can't be true. But we’ve not had any argument or quarrel with each other for the past month now. Then what must have made her do this? He asked himself again and remained speechless still lying flat on the bed
But where’s my Serena and my son? Where has she packed to? Allen Avenue? No, that can’t be. Prostitutes at Allen Avenue are not nursing mothers. That can't even be an option because she knows I can easily find her there. Has she gone to her mother in Benin? Well, that can be an option anyway; he said in his mind and rose from his bed to pick up his phone to call her mother. But, he thought and laid his back again on the bed. What if she’s not there? That will be too many pills for that old woman to swallow. I don't want that ailing woman to have that for now. That will definitely be the last option after I've exploited all other options. 
He rolled to the other side of the bed. He was now lying with his chest on the bed, holding the pillow tightly and closing his eyes tightly. Oh, he shouted in his mind. Charles! Charles! Has Serena packed to Charles’ house? Has Serena taken my beloved son to the house of the adulterer called Charles? No, Serena, you won't do that. No, Tammy is too young for this. You don't drag an innocent child into the mud and vomit you enjoyed playing in. This boy deserves more than this, he thought and squeezed his face as if he was trying to drag out balls of tears from his eyes.
But, he said to himself again. How do I find Charles? I don't have his phone number and I don't know his house. I thought the Charles issue had gone for good after I discovered his adulterous relationship with my wife and I stopped her from her workplace. This Charles issue is still there. Oh, Serena, why are you still bent on enjoying your vomit? Why do you still love playing in the mud? Your vomit and mud shouldn't be an attraction to you again. It's horrible that you have gone back to Charles again. It's more horrible and grievous that you've taken our innocent son along with you.
"But," his other mind said to him." How’re you sure she's with Charles?" 
"But," he answered himself. "Where then will she be?
You need to find out first."
How? He charged back at his mind." Adultery is always an attraction to prostitutes. They love it as babies love their mothers’ breast milk! 
“You called your wife a prostitute?" His other mind said to him.
"Oh, I' m sorry." He said in his mind and rolled over to his previous position on the bed lying flat with his back on the bed. “But how do I figure out what's really happening here? 
"You," his mind cuts him short. "Don't reach a conclusion until you’re sure of your facts." 
 “I agree."
"What looks like a black color may always not be one."
"I see," Steve replied his mind. "Maybe I need to wait till tomorrow to know the next line of action."
"Yes, you need to relax your stuffy brain."
"I agree." He concluded in his mind and slept off.

Chapter 15
 It was 6:30 a.m. on Sunday. It was the ringing tone from his phone that woke him up. He had woken up from his emergency sleep the previous day with the help of a biting hunger and had tried to put some corn flakes into his stomach and went back immediately to his bed to sleep.
After his phone began to ring, he rose up lazily and tiredly from the bed and move towards the mirror table to pick up his phone where he had left it the previous day. He checked who the caller was and found out it was Mrs. Hamilton putting a call through to him. Mrs., he thought with goose bumps rising all over his skin. Hamilton? He dropped the ringing phone quickly on the table as if it was a time bomb that was ready to go off. He looked at the wall clock to check what the time was. 6:36 a.m., he said to himself. Why is Mrs. Hamilton calling me at this time? This is strange.
"Why," his other mind said to him. "Can't you pick the call?"
"Pick the call?"
“Yes." 
Steve shrugged. He was confused and couldn't figure out the strange things that have been happening around him since yesterday. Bobby acted strangely with his sermon and behaviors. I got home only to find my wife and son missing from home and now Mrs. Hamilton putting a strange call to me at 6:30 a.m.
His phone kept on ringing. He looked at the ringing phone where he dropped it, picked it up and answered the call. "Hello." He said.
"Hello, Mr. Davies and good morning."
"Good morning madam, I hope there's…"
"Oh," Mrs., Hamilton said immediately cutting him short. "I'm sorry for disturbing your sleep Mr. Davies. I'm here at the gate of your house with your wife and son."
"With, “Steve said, shocked. “My wife and son?”
"Yes, Mr. Davies. We would like you to open the gate for us from behind."
"Ok." Steve stopped the call and quickly rushed to the bathroom to wash his face and rinse his mouth with water. He dashed out of the bathroom and the bedroom to the living room, picked up the key to the gate's padlock to open the gate for his strange visitors.
Wonders, he thought as he approached the gate. Shall never end. Mrs. Hamilton, Serena, Tammy and 6:30 a.m.! Strange combination indeed!
 “Good morning Mrs. Hamilton." Steve said as he opened the gate.
"Good morning Mr. Davies. Can we come in? "
"Sure. Of course," Steve replied and looked in the direction of his wife and son.
"Don't worry, "Mrs. Hamilton said.” I’ll explain everything to you. Your wife and son are fine. Can we come in?”
"Yes, you can, Madam."
The shock was still written all over Steve’s face. The mystery of the morning’s visit and the appearance of Mrs. Hamilton in his house that morning were still making him uncomfortable.
Mrs. Hamilton carefully and professionally narrated how Serena shocked her with an unscheduled visit to her office yesterday. She told Steve how she had to break protocols and normal routines to attend to her especially when she found out that she came along with a bag full of clothes. She mentioned how Serena tearfully explained all that has happened in her marriage since the last meeting with her during the counseling session. She also explained how Serena tearfully stopped her from calling him yesterday and how she begged her not to allow her return home yesterday.
"I," Mrs. Hamilton said. "Had to take her to my place yesterday where she and your son spent the night. I was only able to convince her to come back home after our lengthy midnight discussion.”
“Really," Steve said and looked in the direction of his wife and then immediately took his face back in the direction of Mrs. Hamilton. Madam, I still can't figure out why she had to do what she did. It’s still a mystery to me.”
"Yes," Mrs. Hamilton said, cutting him short. "I know and I understand your shock and disappointment when you discovered your lovely wife and son were not at home yesterday and even when you saw us this morning.”
"I was shocked madam, because to the best of my knowledge, we've not argued about any big issue in the past month.”
"Yes, she told me about that but she promised me she was going to explain all she said to me yesterday and in the middle of the night to you herself.”
Mrs. Hamilton looked in the direction of Serena after her last statement signaling to her with her face to explain all that she told her to her husband. Serena tried to say something but could not bring the words out of her mouth. She broke into tears and covered her face with her handkerchief. Steve stood up from his seat, handed over his son to Mrs. Hamilton, walked down to where his wife was seated and sat beside her dragging her to himself.
"Oh," he said. "Common, stop the tears, Serena. We need to move above situations like this."
He removed her handkerchief from her face and placed her head on his chest. "Serena," he said. "Can you say something now or would you like to say it later."
Serena withdrew her head from his chest, sat properly on the chair and tried to use her hand to wipe off the tears from her face.
"I'm," she said regretfully. "Sorry, Steve for all I've made you to go through since we got married.”
"Oh," he said.“ Common, you've not done me any harm. You've ..."
"No!" She said suddenly and rose from her seated position. "I have Steve. I have. I've done grievous harm to you."
"How?"
"Steve, I've lied to you and I've cheated on you."
"Lied," he said, shocked. "To me! Yes, I know you've cheated on me but I don't understand what you're driving at."
"I’ve lied to you about my relationship with Charles." She said apologetically.
"How?"
"My," she said, turning her back to her husband to face the wall from her standing position. “Relationship with Charles was not a one-off thing as I told you."
That revelation shocked Steve and he rested his back on the chair where he was seated. He was not sure if he heard her right. He used his right palm to wipe off the sweat that suddenly gushed out of the opened skin glands on his forehead.
"You," he finally said, "Mean you had sex relationship with Charles multiple times?
"Yes," she said, still facing the wall.
"How and where?"
"At the usual place."
"But you did not tell me."
"Yes," she said, turning her face from the wall, knelt before her husband. "I lied to you. It continued on two more occasions even after you found out and after I’ve promised to stop the relationship."
"But ...but ..." Steve said sadly.
"I'm," Serena said apologetically. "Sorry, Steve. I was wrong for keeping it away from you. Charles was my ex and he was the first boyfriend I had when I was in Benin. I was sixteen years old then. I couldn't resist him because he was always coming around to.my office.
"But Serena, you should’ve informed me."
"Yes, I know. I was wrong."
Steve looked at Mrs. Hamilton who had tried not to get in the way of the couple in their discussion and then looked at his son, Tammy who was now sleeping comfortably in Mrs. Hamilton's hands.
"Is," Steve said suddenly, looking in the direction of his wife. "Tammy my son?"
"Tammy," she said softly. "Is your son. I never had unprotected sex with Charles.”
That last statement from Serena went a long way to calm the nerves of Steve and it also helped him to solve the lingering thought he has had about the true paternity of Tammy since he was born.
"Are you sure?”
"Yes, I am."
"Was there any other relationship you had with other men apart from Charles?"
"None."
"But," he said. "Why did you have to throw away all decency and give your body to adultery? Why did you have to expose your womanhood to strange men?"
 
"I," she said, with the tears still rolling down her cheeks. "Was wrong Steve. I know I've harmed your soul. I’ve rubbished all the love you've shown me in the mud."
"Yes," Steve said, looking away from his wife. "You rubbished all on the platform of adultery. You went back to your vomit. You voted for prostitution again in the form of adultery. I warned you severally of the dangers of staying around sinful friends. You can’t get anything from them except for them to make you commit sins against your soul and destiny. "
Steve, from his standing position, looked at Mrs. Hamilton, who was still keeping her silence and watching proceedings as they happened between the couple. "Was," he said, turning his face away from Mrs. Hamilton to his wife. "That the reason why you left the house?
"Yes."
"Why? But you should’ve just told me."
"I don't know what your reaction would be. I was scared to break your heart again with such news."
Steve went back to his previous seated position and kept quiet. Serena will not be that gold you saw in her initially until she's thoroughly refined. You know it takes the extra fire to do that. For now, you need to put up with her raw state and help with the refining fire to bring out the beauty you saw in her at the beginning, he thought as he remembered Bobby’s wise saying to him at the workshop. Bobby, it's as if you knew all these would happen. That was graciously packaged for this moment and it came from your heart and mouth. Thank you. He said in his mind.
“Sweetheart," he finally said, gesturing with his hand to his wife to stand up and come and sit beside him on the chair. "What was my reaction when I chose to get married to you even when you were deep into prostitution?
"Hmmm." Serena breathed down heavily.
"What was my reaction when you hugged a stranger during our honeymoon? What was my reaction when you visited Allen Avenue when I was away from home? What was my reaction when I discovered you had a sexual affair with Charles?
Serena could not muster enough strength to give any response to the questions of her husband.
"Serena," he continued, now holding his wife's two hands and looking straight into her eyes. "Though truly I was angry on some of those occasions but my unmovable love for you took priority over those angry reactions I put forward. My love for you has been dwarfing and exterminating your dirty attitudes and sins since we got married."
Steve held his wife's hands very firmly, stood up and moved towards the wall where a picture of their wedding was hung. "My," he said. "Deep and unadulterated love for you made me marry you in the first place. It's still there and it will always be there."

From the Author: Thank you for reading this novel
Thank you for reading this novel and I believe you enjoyed the story. You’ll still be able to read about what I call, ‘The Making’ of this novel below. I believe you want to know what inspired this novel in my heart and the relevance of the personalities and actions of the principal actor and actress in this novel. Please check it out after reading the information in the next section.
Thank you. 
Please leave a review, it will help the spread of this book and message. Thank you in advance. 

Sesan Oguntade

Are you interested in this gift?
Conjugal Conflicts

I believe you should be interested in this free gift: Download Conjugal Conflicts novel: Short and real-life stories of errors from couples that break marriages. Visit Conjugal conflict page or click https://page.co/KjYyq to get a copy (only 100 downloads are available)
You May also be Interested In This: Wealth Codes: An epic Christian novel on strong financial teachings and wealth creation


https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/925991

Watch out for another epic Christian novel, Thorns of Rose

A true-life story of a Christian man and husband who endured and fought off violent and horrible spiritual battles with a wife who was a principal agent from the pit of hell. This story, told in a fictional form, is actually a true –life story and it reveals how principal agents of the devil are finding their ways into the bedrooms, homes and marriages of unsuspecting Christian men. It is a must-read. 
To find out more, please go ahead and subscribe to receive the Conjugal novel gift at Conjugal conflict page or click https://page.co/KjYyq , you will be able to receive more information about this Christian work of fiction as a subscriber. Note: If you are already subscribed above, you don’t need to carry out any action again. Thank you.

Chapter 16: The Making of the Novel, The Prostitute

 How it all started
God's Spirit puts the idea for this book into my heart when I was studying the book of Hosea. The prophet Hosea was commanded by God to get married to a prostitute. Now you will agree with me that it was a very strange commandment from God.
Why must God ask him to marry a prostitute?
This Bible book supplied the answer: God wanted to use his life, marriage and ministry to demonstrate His pains, disappointments, jealousy, and anger whenever the children of Israel (His own adopted children and ‘wives’) go on spiritual prostitution when they sin by serving other gods despite strict warnings from God to them severally and despite the many great things He had done for them"
God did not just want to show His anger and disappointments. Most importantly, He wanted to show His deep love for them. He wanted to help them out of their prostitution. He desired a permanent solution to their ugly prostitution and adultery.
The solution in Jesus Christ
God puts forward that solution in Jesus Christ. Anyone who is not able to put his or her prostitution away should look and find Jesus Christ. His blood will wash them away from their sins and prostitution and He will plant His Spirit into their hearts (Ezekiel 36:24-28). They will become new creatures (2 Corinthians 5:17) and will have the power to say to no to sin and prostitution.
Jesus also declared openly and very plainly during His ministry on this earth that He is the Vine and we are the branches and that we will only be able to produce fruits if we dwell in Him and He dwells in us. He also said we won’t be able to achieve anything without Him (John 15: 5) (paraphrased).
No one can put away sinful habits, prostitution (whether physical or spiritual), or get anything done worthwhile that will please God except they accept Jesus as their Lord and Savior. I hope you will accept this truth if you don’t have Him already as your Lord and Savior today. 
The players in the Novel

Steve Davies
The main player was Steve Davies. He was the one who offered his home, his life, his reputation, and his unadulterated love to save Serena from prostitution.
His patience, his anger, his disappointments, his home, his understanding, his teachings and most importantly his love all helped Serena. She grew to become a woman who was feeling truly sorry for her sins and who was ready to confess all of them.
It took so long to achieve but the waiting was worth it as Steve did not only saved a soul, he also saved his home, marriage and had his wife all to him alone. He won the war over prostitution over his home and wife.
God wants to have the whole of you and me to Him alone; you need to accept His offer of love today through Jesus Christ. 
You can also win the war that is increasingly raging on the earth today if you allow Jesus to become your Lord and Savior today. You can also go ahead to help others too just like Steve helped his wife and Bobby Tamor.
 
Serena
She was the person who got into prostitution due to circumstances she could not control. The blood of prostitution was not in her originally just as God never created human beings to be spiritual whores or prostitutes. He never created us to worship other gods. But we began to do that when we got to the earth due to the circumstances we met here on the earth.
However, the life, the home, the anger, the correction and the patience of Steve helped Serena just like the life and the love and the sacrifice of Jesus on the cross at Cavalry is available to help you out today if you are deep into spiritual prostitution.
I hope you will make the choice to accept Jesus as your Lord and Savior today.
 
Chapter 17: Read Some Useful Scenes and Statements in the Novel
 
I want you to look at some memorable statements in this novel that will remind you of all I have written above in the last chapter of the novel and also to show you more of what the story of this novel is all about.
“I received help to see the inner beauty and decency beneath the personality of Serena” (This statement was from Steve. God always sees the beauty He has put into us at creation even when we are deep into sins and we can’t see that ourselves. So God relates and plans for us base on those things He sees in us).
“It’s a meal I’ve decided to eat in the public. It’s a drink I‘ve decided to drink in the presence of everybody.” (Another statement from Steve. Jesus demonstrated His deep love for us in the public. He died a shameful death on the cross in the public. He severally demonstrated and declared His readiness to die for our sins).
“Allowed unfortunate circumstances to make her take up the nature of a pig.” (The unfortunate circumstances we met here on the earth turned most people into spiritual whores. God never created us like that. Serena got deep into prostitution because she couldn’t control the circumstances she met around her).
“Abandon all decency to embrace immorality and infidelity.” (Lots of people have abandoned all spiritual decency to embrace the ways of the devil and to serve other gods and money. You should find your way back to God if you are in this category).
“Oh, what can I use to thoroughly clean a dirty pig? Until the dirty pig is thoroughly washed, it would always go back to its vomit. I believe that’s the task before me and it’s one I can’t run away from, it’s one I’ve got to find a way to do whatever it would cost me.” (This is a Jesus-like statement. It is only His shed blood as a sacrifice that can wash the dirtiest sinners away from their sins. Jesus gave the most precious thing to Him – His life to get this sacrifice done). 
“Why must things continue to happen this way? After the last argument and after I used kisses to dry off her tears, I thought then and believed things were going to be all right from then on. I kissed her tears off, held her in a warm embrace, and made passionate love to her and she promised to be good afterward. I think that‘s turning out to be an empty promise. Why is our relationship getting uglier by the day? Why is she finding it difficult to live the good morality and decency I saw inside of her when I saw her for the first time? Perhaps, I’ve not grappled with the reality that I’m married and in love with an unrepentant prostitute. Perhaps…” (The same way God lamented over the spiritual prostitution of the children of Israel in those days and also the same way he is lamenting over some sinners today. Despite all the love He has shown, they still always go back to their sins).
“I love my wife for who she’s. I decided to marry her for who she’s. Right from the first day, I did not see any sign of prostitution in her though she was deep into it. I knew circumstances and societal pressures turned her into one. I was sure my love and my home will completely pull her out of prostitution. I was sure of that before I chose her as my wife." (God loves you despite your sins. He sent His only begotten Son to the earth to shed His precious blood to wash you and me from our sins. He gave everything to redeem us from our sins. Please embrace this great love).
"I," Serena said with her face turning gloomy. “Believe him. He has shown so much love to me since we got married, the type I’ve never witnessed all my life. Steve is a husband to Cherish; it's just that I believe his demands are becoming too difficult for me to meet." (Jesus is a Lord and Savior to cherish. No one can give you the type of love he has given you and humanity.)
"Maybe madam," he said. "Maybe I expected her to change quickly. Maybe I'm putting too much pressure on her. Maybe my demands on her are weighing her down and making her commit more mistakes. Maybe..." (God knew that without the salvation plan, there was no way for the children of Israel in the Old Testament. They could not keep Moses’ laws. They could not have the power to love God and do His will. Only a life in Jesus will give you that power to do the will of God.
“But, "Steve continued. "I want her for myself. I want the whole of her heart and the whole of her being. I want to be the only rose in her garden of flowers. I’m jealous for her.” (God is a jealous God. He owns and created us so he should be jealous when the devil and his cohorts have taken our attention away from Him. God wants the whole of you and me – the reason why He gave us salvation through Jesus Christ. Please embrace Jesus today).
“Mrs. Hamilton took the stained white cloth from where she dropped it on her table and held it up so that the two couples could see it." Mr. Davies, you saw me when I picked up this handkerchief. It was white initially but got stained by the ink I put on it.”(The sin stain can only be removed by the blood of Jesus Christ0. 
"It’ll take an extra force, extra patience, and extra diligence, an extra carefulness, an extra love to remove this ink stain permanently because it’s a grievous stain." "Mr. Davies," Mrs. Hamilton said smiling. "You can remove the stain from your wife but you need all the extras I've mentioned and more." (It took the extra from God to come down as Man in the form of Jesus Christ to give His life as a sacrifice, shedding His blood in the process to wash away our sin. It’s this precious blood of Jesus that can only remove this grievous stain).
"I've got to. Yeah! I've got to forget the fact that she hid this from me for months. Yeah, I've got to forget the fact that it only took the discovering of a secret love email sent from Charles to her to know the truth. I’ve got to forget the fact that our visit and education at the counselor's office did nothing to stop my lovely wife from committing adultery. I've to forget the fact that it took me some days to stop doubting the true ownership of her pregnancy when she told me she was pregnant three months after the Charles issue Uuuh...” (God had to look away from our sins and offer us the salvation plan. After we have given our lives to Jesus Christ, He also immediately takes His eyes away from all the sins we have committed).
"I know," Bobby said stopping his friend from completing his statement. "You don't have to tell me all that is left in you. Serena will not be that gold you saw in her initially until she's thoroughly refined. You know it takes the extra fire to do that. For now, you need to put up with her raw state and help with the refining fire to bring out the beauty you saw in her at the beginning."  (That is what happens after salvation. God’s Spirit puts up with your raw state and begins to work on refining you to become the gold that you are if you cooperate with Him). 


About The Author


Sesan Oguntade is an insightful teacher of the Word, Bible Success Researcher, Success Motivator, Christian Personal Development Expert and Author of many books amongst which is the popular “Jesus and Your Success” (available free with over 25 other titles in the Bible Short Reports series at https://www.sesanoguntade.com ). 
He believes that the solution to ANY problem lies in the WORD of GOD. His central message to the world is "without Jesus, you cannot succeed" (John 15:5b). 
He presides over Solutioners Christian Centre, headquartered in Ogun state, Nigeria, a Christian organization with the vision of raising problem solvers in the society. 
He is also the founder of The Success Laboratory International Seminars, a platform where pure Bible principles that solve practical societal and personal problems are taught. 
He is also the Proprietor of The Book Academy, a Christian personal development school with the vision of raising problem-solving students who will not lag in diligence but fervent in spirit serving the Lord (Romans 12:11). All the details of the school can be found at https://sesanoguntade.com/the-book-academy
You can add him on Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/successebooks http://www.facebook.com/successchristianhome. 
You can follow him on twitter, @SesanOguntade. 
You can watch video versions of his teachings and programmes at https://youtube.com/schristianhome
He is married to Olutoke Success Oguntade and they are blessed with children (Abigael and Maranatha and Treasure).
When he is not spending time with his family and loved ones, he is writing, reading or selling books and information products. When he is not doing all these, he is taking a walk or watching football matches. 

Please Leave a Review
Note: If this book has been of immense benefits to you, please go to the online store where you obtained it and write an objective review, I will appreciate this. I want as many people as possible to read this book; your review on these online platforms will go a long way to help this cause. After you have written your review, you can send an email to me at infobooks@sesanoguntade.com to inform me about the review you have written. 
Thank you so much and God bless you. 
Sesan Oguntade
infobooks@sesanoguntade.com
234-08034300979, 234-07066360364

Are you interested in this gift?
Conjugal Conflicts

I believe you should be interested in this free gift: Download Conjugal Conflicts novel: Short and real-life stories of errors from couples that break marriages. Visit Conjugal conflict page or click https://page.co/KjYyq to get a copy (only 100 downloads are available)
You May also be Interested In This: Wealth Codes: An epic Christian novel on strong financial teachings and wealth creation


https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/925991

Watch out for another epic Christian novel, Thorns of Rose

A true-life story of a Christian man and husband who endured and fought off violent and horrible spiritual battles with a wife who was a principal agent from the pit of hell. This story, told in a fictional form, is actually a true –life story and it reveals how principal agents of the devil are finding their ways into the bedrooms, home and marriages of unsuspecting Christian men. It is a must read. 
To find out more, please go ahead and subscribe to receive the Conjugal novel gift at Conjugal conflict page or click https://page.co/KjYyq , you will be able to receive more information about this Christian work of fiction as a subscriber. Note: If you are already subscribed above, you don’t need to carry out any action again. Thank you.

Read the First 2 Chapters of Wealth Codes

Wealth Codes: An epic Christian novel on strong financial teachings and wealth creation


 https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/925991
Chapter 1
It was another day at work and it was in the morning of the first Friday in the month of July, 1999/2000 session. There were few teachers already seated at their various seats in the big staff room for the teaching job of the day. Bola Ajagun, a Mathematics and Science Teacher with one of the best public schools in town was sitting at his table with his chin resting on his two palms while his elbows were also resting on top of his table. When am I really going to come out of these money troubles, he said to himself as he watched some of his colleagues who were already around chatting away the morning instead of taking their time to prepare for the work of the day. 
"It's practically impossible for you to be a Christian and also become extremely wealthy. Those who're rich today and claimed to be Christians are not telling us the whole truth about their wealth," one of his colleagues had said in one of their many classroom discussions on financial prosperity last week.
"That's not right, Mr. Kolawole," he had replied. "The bible teaches financial prosperity and I know of quiet a few people who have prospered immensely by applying only these teachings from the bible."
"Eh Eh, so you believe them."
"Yes," he had replied with little voice strength. "I agree there are so many lies flying around now especially in the body of Christ but that does not mean the bible did not teach financial prosperity or that there are still not the few who have clean riches."
"Look, Mr. Ajagun. I've been an elder in my church for close to twenty years now and I must tell you that I've seen lots of lies and deceits that I find it difficult believing any story."
"Oh, come on," he had said still with little strength in his voice. "You should not allow the negative stories of mortal men stops you from believing the truths in the Word of the Living God. The bible says in Isaiah Chapter 55 verse 11 that the Word of God will not go back to Him until it accomplishes what it has been sent to do."
"There you go again," Mr. Kolawole had said, raising his voice. "The bible says..., the bible says..., I've heard lots of that from these same people in the church but we've found out how they've been very dubious and devilish in their chase for money. And may I ask you why all these quotes from the bible are not working for you and I?"
"Good morning Mr. Ajagun," the sharp voice of a colleague in her late thirties woke him up from his reverie. 
"Oh good morning Mrs. Etese. How was your night?"
"All thanks to God," he said and watched her walked steadily to her seat. 
Oh God! He said to himself now looking through some students' notebooks on his table. I've to pay the money I owed her today. How time flies. She gave out the money to me on trust to be repaid back today. What do I do now? I don't have the money with me. Mrs. Etese was one of the few devoted Christians among his colleagues. She also had her own financial troubles around her. Her husband pastors one of the orthodox churches in town and they have lived together with their three children on the little income from Mrs. Etese's monthly salary. Oh I can't afford to disappoint her, He finally said to himself. 
But how come Pastor and Mrs. Etese are also having financial troubles? He resumed his thinking exercise. It's likely Mr. Kolawole was right after all. These bible teachings are not just working for us. Those who claim to be rich Christians are not telling us the whole truth. He tried to find a balanced and general answer to the many questions that have been bombarding his mind since the last discussion with Mr. Kolawole. 
He picked up his red pen to mark the home works of the students that have been on his table for over a week. The first of the notebooks was that of his favorite student and as usual, he scored the maximum marks. It's good I'm marking the right notebook, he said to himself. This will just help to put some light into my fading hope of a great financial future for me and my family. The second and third notebooks were as good as the first one. He was through with the ten notebooks on his table just before the bell for the first period rang. I wonder what this generation is turning into. The students are becoming lazier by the day. Only twenty students submitted an assignment I gave to them three days ago out of a total of fifty. He shrugged his shoulders. I wonder how they hope to face the future if they're treating their academics this way. 
He thought again about how this same education has done little to help people like him, Mrs. Etese, Mr. Kolaowle, his other colleagues and many others and shuddered. Talking about the students jeopardizing their future just because they've not taken their studies seriously, how come I still remain financially unfulfilled after putting so much into my studies at all levels?  I was the second best student in the final school certificate examination during my days in the high school. I was the third student with the best results in the Mathematics and Computer Science department of my set at the University of Lagos. I also had good grades during my Master’s degree in Statistics at the same University. Yet all of these have done little to solve my financial problems!
He shook his head in deep regrets. I thought my last resort should be Christianity. Yes time-tested bible principles. But even that has failed to help the cause of myself, my beautiful wife and our four beautiful children.
He shook his head as if fighting off the messages his helpless mind were now passing across to him. But God can't be a liar, He thought. I've seen miracles happen live at church programmes. Perhaps, I'm the one getting it all wrong somewhere. Perhaps, Mrs. Etese and her husband are also getting it all wrong. Perhaps, Mr. Kolawole and some others in our shoes are also getting it all wrong somewhere. He shook his head. He didn't know. 
It's true that education has failed us so brilliantly like a soldier who ran away from his colleagues on the war front. But I believe the last resort should be the Word of God. I may be right or wrong but I know it can't just afford to fail us! He concluded in his mind.
The sign of the bell announcing the second period brought him back to life and he quickly reached out for his timetable to see whether he does not have a second period class. You can't even afford not to keep your timetable by your side these days. Not with the way it keeps changing every now and then. I believe Mrs. Okpara needs a refresher course on how to prepare timetable for a high school, he resumed his thinking exercise again. But who'll sponsor her to such courses even if it's available. Not with the constant cries of 'no money' by the school authority and the government every day, Only a miracle would make teachers have any professional training in the course of carrying out their duties in schools.
He found out that he was not expected in any class until after the first break at exactly quarter past ten. Thank God, He said to himself. I've enough time to look for ways to find Mrs. Etese's money. I can't' just afford to disappoint her. No! I can't and I'll not! 
"And if you fail to find someone to borrow you money?" his mind asked him. 
"I'll find someone," he answered himself. 
"But supposing you did not find someone?" 
"I'll."
"But it may just happen that way and you end up disappointing Mrs. Etese."
He thought about these possibilities and shivered, because he knew Mrs. Etese gave out the money to him on trust and according to her, she and her family needs the money for the weekend. So he was the hope of a good weekend for the innocent and nice Etese family...
The noise of the banged door of their bedroom woke him up at exactly 7.05 a.m. He had slept heavily throughout the night. He heard this noise from his sleep and it was strong enough to halt his deep sleep. Morenike must have left the room in haste to attend to something that requires her urgent attention in the sitting room, he thought. He opened his eyes now to look at the ceiling of the bedroom with his back still lying on the bed. I need to find a way to clean you today; he spoke in his mind to the ceiling. The cobwebs are gathering again.
He searched his mind for what must have made his wife to bang the door so hard the way she did to disturb his sleep. Perhaps, she's getting tired of our constant financial troubles, he said to himself. Morenike, my dear wife, just be a little patient with me, I'm ready to crack this code once and for all very soon, he said to himself as if he knows exactly what to do to solve the problem.
Can we find many women that can be as faithful and patient as Morenike? He asked himself, looking at the ceiling as if the answer would come from there. Not really, he finally answered himself. She has supported the family with the little she makes from her teaching job in a private school all these years. Yes she has been very supportive and honest and I believe she has no equal. 
Bola Ajagun sat on the bed and tried to check what the time was on the clock hanging on the wall of the room. He noticed he still had about fifteen minutes before it would be time for the family Morning Prayer devotion. 
The family had always had the Saturday morning prayer devotion at 7.30 a.m because it was a work and a school-free day for the family. They always had it at 6.15 am on work days.
He jumped up from the bed to do one or two things before it would be time for the prayer devotion but had to sit back on the bed when the thought of how he was able to borrow money to pay Mrs. Etese came back to his mind.
That was a close one, he said to himself. I almost disappointed Mrs. Etese. No, here I go again, it's not just Mrs. Etese but the entire Etese family! I thank God I was able to find a way out, I would've hated myself, he finally said to himself, smiling and rejoicing over his narrow escape. But will things continue to happen this way? He asked himself feeling dejected. I'm tired of escaping narrowly every now and then. Thank God, the school Bursar was able to bail me out till the end of the month by borrowing me money till the end of the month from the school account. Oh! God bless you Mr. Ike Musa, you were the angel God sent to lead me out of that prison of shame.
He searched his mind to see whether there are one or two things he could do in the room before he joined his family in the living room for the day's Morning Prayer devotion. Oh! I nearly forgot! The news of the money I borrowed from Mr. Musa will be top news among the staff by Monday morning, Bola said to himself in a way that seemed somebody just pointed his attention to that. Mr. Musa can't keep the smallest of secrets. Well, I'm still happy; his assistance saved me the blushes of disappointing a whole family for the weekend.
He checked the time and observed that it was now 7.30 a.m. and just as he stood up from the bed to join others in the living room, the door flung opened and rushing in was his six-year old third child, Seun to wake him up for the morning devotion. 
"Daddy, it is devotion time."
"How're you Seun," he replied.
"I'm fine."
"Look I've told you that the first thing you say to an elder you're seeing for the first time in the morning is, 'Good morning'."
"I'm sorry Dad, I forgot," Seun apologized. "Good morning Dad. Mummy says it's devotion time."
Bola smiled, "Good morning my dear, I'll be with you all in a moment."
Bola watched Seun rushed back to the sitting room and picked his yellow t-shirt from the hanger. He put on his shirt standing in front of the mirror to see whether he has to rinse his face a little before he joined his family in the sitting room. 
Wonderful children that Good has given me, he thought. Come to think of it, I nearly failed to pay the balance of their school fees last week. Thanks to Mrs. Etese. The proprietress meant business when she vowed to lock the school fees defaulters out of the school by last week, he thought with fresh fears running down his veins. That was a close shave! Yes, another close shave. There are so many close shaves and all of these are getting me worked up by the day. 
Bola shut the bedroom door behind himself and joined his family in the sitting room. The children were already seated as their custom was. They had their bibles and devotional booklets on their laps and already in the mood to start the prayer devotion with God. 
Mrs. Ajagun herself was also ready with her bible wide open in her hands and was looking through it as if she was checking for a big secret that would be discussed during the morning devotion. 
"Good morning Dad," the children chorused.
"Good morning children," Bola said. "How was your night?"
"Fine Daddy."
"Good morning Darling," Mrs. Ajagun said with all smiles facing the direction where her husband was standing. 
"Good morning sweet heart," Bola replied and moved towards his wife to give her a peck on her forehead. 
"I noticed you slept heavily all through the night and I did not want to disturb your sleep this morning," Mrs. Ajagun said quietly showing admiration for the sweet peck she received on her forehead. 
"Thanks my dear, that was thoughtful of you," Bola said. "I think we're behind schedule this morning for the devotion so we should start in earnest."
The morning devotion started immediately and it was Mrs. Ajagun that was in charge of coordination of that morning devotion. The normal praise and worship songs were rendered and Mrs. Ajagun picked up the devotional booklet for the topic of the day.
"Our topic for the day is 'God's will for us is prosperity,'" She announced while others also glued their eyes to the devotional booklets in their hands. "The bible text is taken from Psalm 35 verse 27"
This announcement hit Bola Ajagun like a thunderbolt. How come this topic of bible prosperity keeps trailing me for the past few days? He asked himself, feeling very uncomfortable. No, how I wished this is not the topic for today.  I just want to stay neutral for now until I can find a way to know what's right or wrong. Bola Ajagun felt very uncomfortable all through the devotion time. He couldn't understand why the bible is filled with so many promises about why God wants us to prosper and he couldn't really feel the impact of these promises in his pocket or bank account. If it was education, he had his Masters. If it was keeping the rules of God on financial prosperity, he was not faring badly. If it was activities in the vineyard of God, he has put in lots of efforts in his local church over the years. 
Devotion time ended with shouts of hallelujah rendering the air from the mouth of everybody present at the prayer devotion. 
One question kept on crossing the mind of Bola Ajagun all through the weekend and that was, 'Why are the promises of God concerning prosperity not really working for people like him and others?' He felt finding the answer to this question was a task that must be given top priority as he looked for a way to stop the ever present financial troubles in his life and that of his family. 
Chapter 2
It was the last Monday of the term and session, Bola Ajagun alighted from a cab in front of the school gate and hastily entered the school finding little time to return the 'Good morning' greetings of one of the gatemen. As he walked along the long road leading to the school administrative block, he stepped on one of the roadside flowers planted by the students some months back and felt very sorry for his actions. 
Of what use are these flowers anyway, he said to himself. That I have to say sorry to them or feel sorry for those who planted them. These flowers were given some of the best conditions to grow. No, not some of the best but all of the best. They have just refused to give us value for our money. And for the students who planted them, I don't have to pity them either, they have refused to give improved attention to these flowers. 
"Why should you pass any blame on the flowers," his other self said to him. "The flowers have failed to perform just like you've also failed to perform financially well over the years."
"That's unfair!" he charged at himself. 
"I've tried my best," his other mind said. "It's just that mother luck has refused to shine on me."
"Mother luck?" his other self asked him again. "Do you now believe in luck? Is being lucky a bible teaching? 
"I agree it's not," he agreed. "But how then can I explain what has made me not to see great results all these years despite my efforts?"
"Probably you still have something to know or find out," his other self said to him. 
"Something to know or find out? What else is still left for me to know?"
"Are you saying you know it all?"
"No."
"Then, there may just be one or more things you have to find out."
"Like what and what?"
"You just have to find a way to find it out."
"Well, I agree," He answered himself. "The bible says in the book of Proverbs 6, 'Go to the ants o you sluggards...' But where are the ants, I want to learn and improve."
"Just as I said earlier, find them out!"
"Okay, I can see what you mean very clearly," he answered himself. "Find out the ants to find out the required knowledge to liberate myself and my family from the constant whippings of poverty."
He entered the staff room and met Mr. Ike Musa, the School Bursar by the door.
"Good morning Mr. Ajagun."
"Good morning Mr. Musa," Bola replied and quickly took quick steps forward to avoid more talks with the School Bursar. I wonder what lies ahead in the future for today's students if people like Mr. Musa is employed and allowed to work in a school environment. I've never seen a man with such terrible slack mouth as he has. 
He breathed down deeply. You can never trust him to keep a secret. Tell him in one morning; it's all over the place in the afternoon. I believe his mouth needs a padlock to keep secrets in him permanently. How did I even consider running to him to bail me out when I wanted to pay Mrs. Etese's money the other day, he wondered in his mind feeling guilty for his actions. Even the gatemen now know what transpired between us on that day, what a shame! How I wished I had asked for help somewhere else, I would not have become a figure of mockery amongst some member of staff as it is now. 
Well, he told himself. At least I'm happy I did not disappoint the Etese family. 
It was the last week of the term and session and teachers were busy with the preparation of the results of the students. There was always very little work pressure on the teachers at this period of the term as there would be no class teaching activities in the classroom. The teachers were relaxed and they had all the time to gist away their time while entering the scores of the students in the report sheets. As Bola took his seat after saying good morning to some of the staff members, Mrs. Etese walked up to him, her pack of students' report sheets under her left arm pit and an envelope which probably contains an invitation card in her right hand. 
"Good morning Mr. Ajagun."   
"Good morning Mrs. Etese and how is your family?  
'Fine and yours?" 
"They're fine," Bola replied. 
"Somebody by the name, Pastor Moses brought this envelope for you this morning. He said he was passing by and felt the urge to say hello to you and also to invite you to a programme in his church."
"Oh! Pastor Moses my good friend, that's nice of him. It's been long I saw him," he collected the envelope from Mrs. Etese.  "Thank you so much Mrs. Etese. Something held me up at home this morning." He explained his late arrival in the school that morning.
"You're welcome," Mrs Etese replied and walked away.
Bola Ajagun speedily opened the envelope as if it contains a check that must be cashed on a Friday evening before the bank closes for work. 
Oh! This is a church invitation card, he said to himself. I should have known that. What exactly do I expect from a Pastor? If it's not an invitation for a church programme, it will be an envelope for church donation or the combination of both. I just hope I'm not thinking like a pagan. Yes I hope I'm not fighting what I preach. Church invitations and donations are good. The church of the Lord on this earth needs people and money. After all, the bible says, "Money is a defense'. He tried to bring himself back on track after his thoughts wandered. 
Come to think of it, he thought. Pastor Moses left our local church about two years ago to join one of these prosperity preaching churches. I'm sure he also wanted a better life for himself and his family for him to have boldly made that move. But I doubt if his wish is near being realized.
"Anyway," he said aloud to himself. "I'll be at this programme on Thursday evening. At least to see my good friend, Pastor Moses again," he concluded. 
Bola switched on his cell phone on Thursday morning just after the family Morning Prayer devotion and a text message reminding him about the church programme came through from Pastor Moses. Oh, I've not forgotten, I'll be there this evening, he said to himself. I want to see you again Pastor Moses after a long time and also I may just learn one new thing during the programme just as my mind as made me to understand for the past few days now.
"Bola!"
Bola took his eyes away from the message on his cell phone and looked in the direction where the shout of his name came from and saw his wife rushing to the room carrying their last daughter in her arms. He wanted to rebuke her for frightening him to his bones with the way she shouted his name but the sight of their last daughter in her hands stopped him from doing that and instead, stood up from the bed and rushed towards his wife. 
"What happened?"
"She fell and remained speechless the moment I poured the first bowl of water on her in the bathroom." She screamed sweating profusely. 
Bola took the child from her and touched her body and found out that her body temperature had risen so much. 
"Has she been showing any sign of illness before?"
"Yes, yesterday evening I noticed that her body temperature was rising and I gave her some medications." 
"But you did not inform me about this."
"I'm sorry Bola, but I thought she would be okay in the morning."
"Look woman, I've told you to discuss these things with me even if they appear minor," Bola charged at her and tried to wrap the wet towel on the hanger around the child.  "Let us take her to the hospital immediately."
Bola placed the child on the bed and quickly put on his shoes and carried his office bag. 
"I'll take her to the General hospital; you can take your time to prepare the other children for school." He instructed his wife. "Don't worry she'll be okay. I believe it's just ordinary fever".
"No, I think you should take her to the Queens Medicals, the child needs immediate attention. You won't get that at the General hospital." 
"But you know it costs money to visit Queens Medicals."
"Bola, what is money compared to the health and life of my child? I think you should give me the child and you prepare the other children for school. I'll look for money." She shouted at him and rushed towards her wardrobe. "Look, this is five thousand naira. Mrs. Johnson, our neighbor kept it with me till the end of the month. Let us use it for now."
Bola hesitated but had to collect the envelope after considering the worsening situation of the child in his hands. He rushed out of the house. Now as it was common with most private hospitals in the country, some fees must be paid even before the hospital receptionist talks to any customer. Bola had to settle these payments before his child was given any attention. 
Oh God, how I wished this did not happen, he said to himself. There is so much financial pressures already on the family and now this. It's even worse that we're using another person's money to settle these bills. Where would I run to for help If Mrs. Johnson comes in the evening to collect her money? I don't even want to think about the possibility of that happening, he replied himself but still felt very uncomfortable. 
It was almost 9.00 a.m.  Bola and his wife, who joined him some minutes earlier, were alone at the reception of Queens Medicals hospital. He watched the Nurse on duty moving in and out of the hospital's consultation room on so many occasions and wondered what could be happening to his daughter. 
I believe this is nothing serious, he said to himself. It should only be ordinary fever but I wondered why it's taking them so long to tell us something about the condition of our child. I hope they're not putting on display some of their 'dirty' games in order to charge high fees at the end of the day. Well, this should not be so, they're professionals. They should know the consequences of playing such pranks. But he failed to convince himself. But I have witnessed this ugly scenario in the past in a private hospital when my friend who had ordinary headache was given sedative that would make him stay at the hospital longer than necessary in order to charge him high fees, he reminded himself. Private hospitals in this country are just the same. They're in the business to make money and nothing else. They can't be trusted for anything.
But these circumstances are totally different, he thought. This is a little child and she only had high temperature, he answered himself. 
"But your friend only had headache," his mind reminded him.
"Uuhh," Bola sulked in his mind.
At exactly 9:45 a.m., Bola and his wife were summoned to the Doctor's office. They rushed in as if they were students who desperately wanted to collect the result of an examination they had written a long time ago. 
"Your daughter is fine!" the Doctor said, smiling at the worried couples who rushed into his office. "She only had ordinary fever and she'll be fine very soon. We had to carry out some tests to be sure it's just ordinary fever. The Nurse is preparing her medication and the bill."
 The sound of the word, 'bill' travelled through the mind of Bola to his brain like a flash of lightning.  He just wished the money with him would be enough to settle the hospital bill. 
"You may decide to take the child home immediately after settling the bill but I'll prefer you allow her to have some two to three hours sleep here at the hospital before you take her home." Never! Bola said to himself. I'm not going to allow that. I'll take her home immediately.
"What do you think?" The Doctor intercepted his thoughts.
"Oh, I think we'll take her home immediately," Bola responded.
"But Bola, don't you think it'll be nice if we don't interrupt the child's sleep?" Morenike asked her husband. 
"Don't worry Morenike, She'll be fine. We'll take her home immediately," Bola stopped her wife from making further comments. 
Just as Bola finished his statement, the Nurse entered and handed over the bill to him. Bola quickly checked the total amount on the bill and found Six thousand two hundred naira.
"Thank you Doctor. We'll settle the bill and take the child home immediately," Bola said. 
"That's no problem and thank you for using Queens' Medicals," the Doctor replied. 
"You're welcome," Bola said and left the office of the Doctor with his wife. 

Please visit the links below to read more:
https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/925991





 



