The Third Diamond

Mel C. Thompson

Copyright © 2020

Mel C. Thompson Publishing
3559 Mount Diablo Boulevard, #112
Lafayette, CA 94549

melcthompson@yahoo.com

Cover Photo: Wikipedia Creative Commons License:

Silver figure of Mañjuśrī holding a long-stemmed lotus. Central Java, Indonesia

Tropenmuseum, National Museum of World Cultures

*

Table of Contents

The Third Commandment

The Hidden God

No One Wants To Be God

Overselling The Dharma

Los Angeles Motorcycle Buddha

Doctrines

A Wealthy Man

A Few Thoughts On The Jade Emperor

Miss Emotionally Wholesome Meets Primordial Sensei

A Day In The Life of Aku no Ken no

The Shogun And The Old Celibate

An Idealistic Student Confronts Fujikami

The Shogun’s Shoji Screen

Regarding Mountain Lions

The Supreme Question

The Odessa Juggernaut

The Problem of The Precepts

A Short Holiday Play

Popular Buddhist Authority Meets Monk On Meds

The Circumstances Regarding Sensei’s Eventual Retirement

The Third Diamond

Shallow Pleasures

Ask God For Anything

Imperfect People

Paperwork

The Final Liberation

*

The Third Commandment

Return to Table of Contents

Jesus Christ was running a small record store in Hunting Beach in the 1970s, having himself become tired of being the object of fawning worship. Wanting only to be treated like an average person, he incarnated into a completely secular life and became a common small-business owner.

The surfers of Huntington Beach at that time, however, sensed right away who the long-haired, bearded record store owner was, their intuition being enhanced by lots of surfing and weed-smoking. But most of them never accused him of being Jesus, but rather stared at him in a knowing and somewhat  reproachful way before buying their albums and leaving. This whole arrangement suited Jesus just fine. People usually refrained from pressing him regarding his past and he volunteered little information about it.

But every so often, some person with a seemingly incurable neurosis would hear whisperings about the identity of the record store owner and would take advantage of the opportunity to be advised by perhaps the greatest mind in all of cosmic history. And so, tactlessly, our protagonist hung around the record store pretending to be in a prolonged state of indecision about which record to buy when, in fact, he was really waiting till he was the only customer in the store.

It was a Monday afternoon and business was slow, and a couple of surfer girls who’d been pestering Jesus about when certain albums might finally be in stock had at last decided to leave. It was then that Jesus spotted our protagonist and observed the overeager look on the pretend customer’s face. Jesus sensed that something annoying was about to happen.

“So, are you really Jesus Christ?”

“You know, most people around town have decided not to hassle me about my old job.”

“But since you were a Jew, could we say that you were the greatest rabbi who ever lived?”

“Yeah, I guess that would be fair. But I’m trying to get out of the sage business.”

“I know, but I couldn’t resist running my problems by you.”

“Didn’t you pray to God The Father about it first?”

“Yeah, but nothing happened.”

“So you figured if The Old Man couldn’t help you, maybe The Kid could?”

“Sorry, but, nothing in my social life is working out.”

The record store owner sighed in resignation and indicated that the bothersome visitor should wait at the counter a moment. In the meantime the former Savior of The World went back into his office to change his outfit. A few moments later he came back out in the high-priest robes that he’d brought from two thousand years ago just in case some situation like the current one came up.

“There! Are you happy? It’s all official. I’m in my robes of glory now. So what was your question?”

Just then one of the middle-aged parents of the surfer kids walked by to enter the liquor store next to the record shop. He poked his head in the door and said, “Hey, you’re not supposed to let on.”

“I know! I know,” said The Son of God, “but this neurotic won’t let it go.”

“Ah,” said the middle-aged parent. “I think I know what you mean. Never mind.”

The record store owner then turned back to the neurotic and gazed at him impatiently, wishing this intruder would ask his question and then go.

“Okay, my question is this: When you were asked what the greatest commandments were, did you really say: ‘Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy mind,’ and, ‘Thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyself?’”

“Sure, yeah, that sounds like something I would have said back then. Why? Is that a problem for you?”

“No, I don’t think so. I just wanted to make sure because, you know, a lot of the Bible is historically inaccurate and there’s a lot of interpolations and outright fiction in there. I figured it couldn’t hurt to find out about that passage from the source.”

“Okay, but you look pretty wigged out, so clearly you wanted more than that from me, didn’t you?”

“Well, I just wanted to get enlightened, and I figured you were the ultimate guru. No one really likes me, and I don’t really like most people. So, I’ve ended up alone and a lot of people think I’m a jerk. I guess I came here to learn what the swamis call ‘The Path’ from you.”

“Fine. Then, as your guru,  the first assignment I’ll give you will be to spend two weeks working on loving the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and with all they soul, and with all thy mind. I figure that if you could master that, you wouldn’t really give a shit that nobody likes you and that most people are irritating, right?”

“I guess so. Yeah, if I mastered that, I presume I would get into a pretty elevated head space.”

“For sure. It’s kind of like a real long mushroom buzz, but way, way bigger than that.”

“Alright, I’ll try it out and give you a progress report in two weeks.”

“Good. See you in two weeks.”

*

Two weeks later our protagonist came back to the record store window with his head hanging down in shame, indicating that his efforts had met with defeat. For some reason the forthrightness of our protagonist’s expression amused Jesus and he waved for him to come into the store immediately.

Rumor had already gotten around that someone who had no class at all had apparently badgered the record store owner into giving him commandments when everyone else had been given to understand that this was against the rules. As our protagonist entered the record store, a few students stared at him like they were disgusted with the unseemly nature of this new arrangement and simply left to further signal everyone’s disapproval of Jesus reverting even slightly back to his old role.

“Okay man, spill it. Tell me about your last two weeks and your luck with the first great commandment.”

“I suck. I just totally suck.”

“Why, what went wrong?”

“I couldn’t force myself to love God.”

“What turned you off about God?”

“Well, I went and asked the head rabbi of a large Orthodox Jewish congregation to describe God The Father to me.”

“Cool. What did he say?”

“He said that God is totally immaterial. He cannot be depicted in any image and has never taken on any material form. He said that the burning bush was not God, but only that God’s voice came from it. And he said the whole nation of Israel, on Mount Sinai, heard God speak the whole Torah, but at no time did He appear. It was just a disembodied voice.”

“And you couldn’t fall in love with a disembodied voice?”

“No, I guess I’m really shallow that way. I need paintings, photographs, physical descriptions, something to hang on to. I’m not like those Hindus who claim they can go beyond form and matter into the pure void of nothingness or whatever.”

“Ha! That’s funny. Yeah, I love my Old Man, but he can come off as kind of cold and distant at first. He’s kind of an acquired taste.”

“Are you angry with me?”

“No, no, not at all.”

“What now?”

“Let’s go at this another way. Stop trying to force yourself to love God and just forget about the first great commandment for a while. Let’s have you spend the next two weeks on the second great commandment: ‘Thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyself.’”

“Okay, that might be easier for me. At least I can see people. Maybe I could love people that I can see more than the God I can’t see.”

“Sure, let’s go the whole materialism route. Rather than trying to be a saint of Heaven, maybe at least you could be a saint in this world.”

“Alright, I’ll go for it and let you know how that works out. See you in two weeks?”

“Right on. Come back in two weeks and let me know what you got.”

“Oh, and, by the way, why are people giving us nasty looks?”

“Because you broke the rules, kid.”

“Are you mad at me for spoiling your gig?”

“Nope, not at all. These uptight people will get over this little lapse in protocol. I don’t intend on making our little arrangement a habit, so once we ease off this little guru thing we’re doing, they’ll chill out and not look at you like you’re a freak.”

Thus reassured, our protagonist plunged out into the world of human society, going out to eat every day for lunch and going out to bars every night. At work he made a point of frequenting every optional meeting and appearing in person on any pretext. Rather than continue in the state of semi-isolation he’d gotten used to, he really put himself out there and made an effort to say kind things to people, to do kind things for them and to make himself available, whether as a friend, lover, confidant or helper. This unstinting effort continued for two full weeks, as promised.

*

Two weeks later, our protagonist approached the record store in a state as pathetic as the last time. He’d come to report his feeling of having shamefully bombed his one chance to know for sure how to please God and please others. Having received 100%-certain orders from the top, so to speak, he felt there was nowhere left to go. If The Son of The Living God didn’t know how to help him, where was he to turn next? He considered not even reporting back to the record store, but he was, to his credit, a man of his word; and so he considered it his duty to report this ultimate failure to the record store owner and then, afterwards, report to the nearest bar to weep over a few pints of beer. (There was one nice Irish bartender there who really understood human sorrow. Sometimes the fellow would see him there looking lost and come over and give him a warm hug and say, “Never mind those bitches, old chap. The beer is on me tonight.”)

But as he got to the store, two tall surfers were standing there with their arms crossed angrily, their straight, blond hair hanging over their eyes.

“What the fuck is your problem, asshole?”

“Sorry, but I couldn’t resist.”

“Dude, you’re going to fuck it up for everyone.”

“I’m sorry. I’m sorry.”

“Don’t you have any respect for The Son of God. He’s trying to live a normal life and have some privacy and you’re being a total pussy about it and not leaving him alone.”

“Listen, guys, I think I can reassure you about that. I’m coming in to call the whole thing off. I’m a shitty student and I’m not fit for any guru. The spiritual life is not for me. After today, I promise, I won’t nag him anymore. After I give him my report, I’m going to the surf bar to get drunk and forget I ever got involved in any of this.”

The two surfers looked at each other and nodded agreeably. They were reassured that our protagonist could be counted on not to cause any more problems and retracted their case against him, even punching him lightly, affectionately on the shoulder, as if to imply he ought not to take his shortcomings to heart so much. After that, our protagonist trudged into the store to face the record store owner.

“Okay, my little student, let’s have your report.”

“Oh, never mind. I’m fucked.”

“That’s kind of harsh.”

“Yeah, but anyway, people are getting sick of me invading your privacy. So, if I want to get along with anyone around here, I suppose I need to knock it off.”

“Right, but before you go, you at least owe me a report on your adventures.”

“Ah, man. It was total bullshit. The harder I tried to love people, the more fake I looked and the more I drove people away. The more I offered my heart to people, the more awkward it got . . .”

“. . . because they could sense you didn’t really love them?”

“That’s it! You see, my conflict is so crazy. On the one hand I want everyone to accept me without judging me, but on the other hand, I sit there judging them so much that I end up not even liking them. As for love? It wasn’t even close. I didn’t even like them. Even the hottest-looking women — the more I talked to them, the more bored I got. I didn’t hate them at all. I just was not moved to passionate love, not even passionate lust. In the end, I just left every interaction thinking that these people were just average and nothing to write home about. They were maybe okay sometimes. But love? No, I was nowhere near that. I’m just not feeling it.”

“Very good.”

“Very good? Are you kidding me?”

“No. You see, the first two commandments were always a trick.”

“A trick?”

“Yes. Think about it. Would you want people who didn’t like you to, upon command by me, force themselves to like you?”

“No, that would be kind of gross.”

“Exactly! Do you not know that God The Father knows the contents of your heart at all times and in all places? Do you think He wants to sit there and watch you tie yourself into knots trying to force yourself to love Him? If you don’t want forced love, why would God, or even women for that matter, want forced love? I’m so stunned that almost no one sees through this.”

“Did anyone ever catch the trick?”

“Alan Watts did. He once noted that the perversity of the Western world is that what is mandatory here is only acceptable if it’s voluntary. I can’t believe hardly anyone else sees through that. Just logically speaking, how could a thing be both mandatory and voluntary at the same time? That doesn’t even make any sense. Thou shalt love? Supposing you told a woman that you forced yourself to love her after being commanded to. Would she accept that?”

“She would recoil in horror, I would think.”

“Right. What if a woman said to you that she usually dislikes you completely but that she was trying super hard to force herself to love you although the thought of it sickened her?”

“I’d tell her not to do me any favors.”

“Correct. Forced love, commanded love, is stolen love; and you know what the Buddha said about stealing?”

“No.”

“He said that stealing is taking that which not freely given.”

“I never thought of stealing that way.”

“This standard requires way more honesty than usual. You have to look at someone and say, ‘Am I trying to get something from them, even love, that they don’t freely want to give me?’ And, at the same time, realize that if someone is trying to extract something from you that you don’t freely want to give to them, even if it’s love, that’s stealing also.”

“Did any other sages know about this?”

“Yes, a living one, Mooji. He said to a woman who was, by her own description, really struggling to like everyone, ‘Please, don’t try to like everyone.’”

“So, since you tricked me, what really is the greatest commandment.”

“This is my third and last great commandment, which really encompasses all of the law and all of ethics: Do not steal love from others and don’t let others steal love from you.”

“Then I’m saved already?”

“Yes, don’t lie about love and don’t be lied to about love, and then love will come to you without any effort on your part.”

“But what about God The Father?”

“God The Father has told me to give you this one prophecy; and God The Father cannot lie, so you know what I’m saying has to be true.”

“What is it?”

“You shall fall madly in love with God when all of the causes and conditions are ripe through no artifice of your own. And like the cherry blossom trees in spring, your love will bloom and you will, as Donovan said, ‘wear His love like Heaven;’ and this blooming of love within you will draw all people to you as if you were a ‘great magnet.’ In all truth, God The Father is just that, a ‘great magnet’ that ‘draws all people to Himself,’ and the attraction is natural and beautiful. This is what the Vedas call Knowlegde-Bliss-Absolute or Satchitananda. And this is the mystery of salvation by grace. If love could be earned, it would be like any other commodity in the marketplace, and, for all of eternity, it never will be.”

Our protagonist gave the record store owner a big hug and then turned to leave without adding another word, turning once to smile in gratitude before going to watch the Huntington Beach sunset. The shore was booming with unusually large waves that day and the surfers would be riding on the backs of those giants as our spectator looked on, not wanting to be more or less than what he already was.

*

The Hidden God

Return to Table of Contents

The Hidden God was seated on his throne watching videos of life on planet earth. Behind him was a large supercomputer connected to millions of webcams all over the world, some of them people knew about, others they didn’t.

As he sat there mulling over the pratfalls of some couple trying to conduct a doomed love affair, he detected a disturbance off to his right. The door flew open and there appeared a completely bland man in his late 50s or early 60s. The figure was pudgy but not fat, precisely half-bald and of exactly average height. He wore nondescript business pants and a long-sleeved shirt with no tie.

“What are you doing here?” said The Hidden God. “No one is even supposed to know I exist.”

“I know, but it was your computer system that gave you away. Your encrypted browser had a flaw in its programming and I used that to track your computer and your location.”

“Well,” said The Hidden God with no small annoyance in his voice, “what did you hope I could do for you?”

“I’m not sure,” said the intruder. “I’m kind of surprised because you look a bit like I do. You’re practically the same height and weight as I am. There doesn’t seem to be any supernatural features about you.”

“I’m immortal. Isn’t that different enough?”

“Yeah, but other than that. You look completely average. By the way, why do you need a computer? Can’t you see everywhere all at once?”

“No, silly, like I said, you were made in my image. (And that always struck me as funny because that was the one part of the Bible that was literally true.) Anyway, since you’re a clone of me and you’re not omniscient, then why would I be?”

“What about the rest of it, like Noah’s Ark and stuff?”

“Noah’s Ark? Common, good fellow. Don’t tell me you fell for any of that nonsense?”

“I admit I had a lot of doubts. But what about the omniscience mentioned in the scriptures?”

“Oh no, that was never true. I’ll admit I created the world, but that was just through a series of technical breakthroughs so complicated it would take a billion years to explain. But other than creating worlds and living forever, there’s nothing much very spectacular about me.”

“What about the forgiveness of sins?”

“What about it?”

“I’m afraid I’ve lived a rather narcissistic life and I’m plunged into despair. I’ve ended up a lonely old man due to my laziness, my self-absorption, my greed and my out-of-control lust, not to mention a bit of drinking and gambling.”

“And you’re seeking forgiveness?”

“Exactly. What shall I do about my folly, error, ingratitude and selfishness?”

“Let me ask you something, how many people have you murdered? Were there any war crimes, kidnappings, torture or any of that kind of thing involved in your journey?’

“No . . . I mean, I picked a fight once when I was young. I hit a kid but he ran away and I felt guilty, so I stopped that kind of thing.”

“That’s it?”

“Yeah, that would be about it.”

“Okay, what about this: Were there major forgeries; armed robberies; the embezzling of millions of dollars; wire fraud; the hacking into bank accounts; the stealing of houses, cars or livestock?”

“I experimented with shoplifting for several months when I was a child, but I don’t think I ever stole anything worth more than a few dollars. Anyway, they caught me once and I gave up the habit after that.”

“Alright, but were there major romantic deceptions? For instance, were you promising eternal fidelity to one person while carrying on massive sexual escapades behind their back?”

“I was never one to live a double life. Lying and cheating and stealing were just not my thing. My adventures in such things amounted to no more than dabbling.”

“Why on earth have you gone through all this trouble to get here when you had nothing to report?”

“Well, I feel guilty. People told me I was self-centered, cold, lacking in passion, not giving enough, unwilling to sarifice, devoid of true dedication.”

“Can I be honest with you?”

“Sure?”

“If I sat here judging people for being mild-mannered, indecisive, cowardly hoarders whose greatest sin is they appeared not to give a shit, I’d be freaking out for billions of years over almost nothing. So you’re going to have to give me something substantial to work with here.”

“You mean my sins are unimpressive.”

“My friend, your sins are all bullshit little nothing sins.”

“Okay, so this may sound dumb, but could you forgive them anyway?”

“No, I can’t. I should have mentioned that a long time ago. I don’t forgive sins.”

“Oh, I guess you’re God the Father. Should I go find Jesus to see if he can help me with that?”

“No, you see, Jesus, historically speaking, was Jewish, Orthodox Jewish. And because he didn’t see himself as God, he would have considered it blasphemy for anyone to ask him to forgive sins.”

“Who’s in charge of forgiving sins then?”

“No one.”

“But aren’t you offended when people sin?”

“Me, God? No, I just created the world, then, after that, I ran out of ideas. I’m a one-trick pony. Even this computer system had to be designed for me by regular technicians.”

“Would I be allowed to forgive myself then?”

“Sure, you’re allowed to forgive yourself, not forgive yourself or blame others. And, in fact, you’re allowed to forgive the people you blame or not forgive them. It’s not up to me whether you feel forgiven, or are forgiving, or whatever.”

“The Twelve-Step program says we should apologize to everyone we’ve hurt and try to make amends. And, you know, I guess maybe we’d hope those people might forgive us.”

“Can I be real with you? That sounds really weak to me. Look, if someone has a beef with you, they can come and tell you so. If you were acting like a jerk, then you can apologize if you want to you, and they can forgive you if they want to. But otherwise, just leave people the fuck alone and stop all that groveling and shit. No more going back over your past and creeping people out with calling them back over shit that’s decades old. Jeez, whoever the weirdo was that thought up that regimen, should chill the fuck out with all that cringe stuff. — Oh wait, I kind of slipped. I’m not supposed to be issuing commands. Scratch all that. Handle it whatever way you see fit.”

“What am I do with all this guilt?”

“Nothing.”

“Nothing?”

“Yeah, you see, we don’t have a program here for guilty people versus non-guilty people. We can’t forgive and we can’t punish. It’s just on you. If you like the way you live, go for it. If you don’t, maybe try something else. — Oh, and another thing, please excuse this, but I can’t even remember who you are?”

“I hacked into your database and it said I’m ‘Living Entity #556 Trillion.”

“Oh cool. Let me look this up.”

The Hidden God then typed the information into His laptop.

“Ah, here you are. Yeah, I remember now. Hmm. But wow, that’s tough — a really, really unremarkable life. It’s kind of stunning, isn’t it,” said The Hidden God. “So you’ve just kind of been spinning your wheels, haven’t you?”

“Yeah, I’m afraid so.”

“Well, I’ll admit I’d have liked your story better if you’d pulled off some huge caper, but alas, what we have here is almost the equivalent of a clean police record or something like that.”

“What will become of me in the afterlife?”

“It all goes back into the blender, so to speak. The energy put out by your thoughts; the energy involved in your actions; and, of course, your physical person and personal effects; your individual history, or lack thereof — it all gets churned around and mixed with everything and everyone. After that, some sort of existence then emerges, whether that of inanimate minerals, some kind of plant life, or, in some cases, an animal or human life.”

“Will any of us become angels in heaven?”

“Angels? You’re kidding me, right?”

“Darn. Well then I guess I better just go back home.”

“Yeah, there’s not much for you here,” said The Hidden God as he turned and noticed more romantic data concerning the intruder scrolling up on his laptop screen. “Oh, yes, I see what you’re probably feeling guilty about. You ran off on quite a few folks, didn’t you?”

The intruder bowed his head and said, “Yes, that’s the part I feel the worst about.”

“Well” replied The Hidden God, “if it’s any consolation, I’m not mad at you for being afraid of true intimacy or anything like that. Fuck those people anyway. You would have gotten bored with them even if you had managed to work it out. And now that I see their printouts, for what it’s worth, I would have dumped them too. But don’t take that as gospel. It’s just my particular take on it.”

As the intruder turned to go, The Hidden God added, “Come back any time you want to watch some videos. It’s all just webcams, though. We don’t have any cable channels or movie subscription channels or anything.”

“You mean all you do is watch life scroll by all day?”

“Yeah, that’s pretty much it.”

“But wouldn’t it be almost the same if I just sat there and watched my own life scroll by?”

“Yes, right about the same. If you sit down and count your breaths and just watch the images scroll past, without pushing the pause button, you’ll be a Zen Master, not that I give a shit whether or not you become a Zen Master.”

“Will the universe ever end?” asked the intruder.

“Yes, it will all dissipate in cosmic entropy. Around that time I will take a nap for a several billion years.”

“What happens when you wake up?”

“Bang! Another little singularity appears and we do it all over again. That was actually my only true breakthrough, making singularities. Beyond that, I’m almost useless”

“But the Communists have always told me that History is making progress.”

“They haven’t been watching this screen for thirteen billion years.”

“There were laptops thirteen billion years ago?”

“Sure, I just brought some computer technicians with me from the last universe.”

“So History is not heading toward some great utopia as prophesied in the Torah or in Marx?”

“Did they tell you that stuff in college and in seminary?”

“Yeah, that was, I guess, their main message.”

“You know what? Screw those university and seminary people. They’re well-meaning, but that utopia fantasy-trip is just not going to happen.”

“Hmm, okay. I guess I’ll just go home and watch my own videos then?”

“Why not? Your videos are as good as mine. Your selection is smaller, but who cares?”

At this, the intruder broke out into a laugh. Something about that caused The Hidden God to break out into a laugh too.

*

No One Wants To Be God

Return to Table of Contents

Applicant Number Seven Billion entered a small marble lobby adorned with white, marble columns. The ceiling sported a fresco depicting the creator God of Michelangelo stretching out his finger from which emerged a singularity from which emerged The Big Bang. Near the door there was a medium-sized receptionist’s desk which had the prefabricated look of something one might get from Ikea. Behind that there was a medium-sized potted plant that looked so generic the applicant could not identify its species. At the back of the room was a white, marble platform upon which sat a white, marble throne no larger than a mid-level executive’s office chair. It was unoccupied. Behind the desk sat a male receptionist who seemed patronizingly serene but had a conflicted look of firmness which was softened slightly by an underlying wish to be a bit more accommodating than usual.

“May I help you?”

“This is a very fancy lobby you’ve got here.”

“It’s actually quite understated given the work that has gone on here.”

“Is this the office we are to report to if we’re applying for the management position that was advertised?”

“Oh yes, of course.”

“Given that it’s the year 2020, I was kind of surprised at the retro nature of the application process. The ad on Craigslist didn’t include an email, website or phone number. Didn’t the apply-in-person-only ads go out in the 1980s?”

“Yes, I’ll admit that our HR procedures verge on seeming ancient. It’s definitely and old-world type of ‘man-to-man, look-you-in-the-eye’ sort of thing one found many decades ago. In fact, I’d appreciate your not telling anyone I used the phrase ‘man-to-man’ as that could be construed as sexist, and I’d also not mention the part about ‘look-you-in-the-eye’ as that could be interpreted as a kind of harassment.”

“No problem. I’m a bit older than I look, so I remember the old world and know you didn’t mean any harm. But now that I’m here, is there some kind of way for me to enter my data regarding my work history or some kind of primitive paper application for me to fill out?”

“No there isn’t. There is nothing but a face-to-face interview and, if that goes well, a short trial work-period.”

“How short?”

“Technically the trial work-period takes no time at all.”

“How could any task take no time?”

“The HR person will explain all that to you. Shall I tell him you’re here and ready for the interview?”

“Sure, but aren’t you going to ask my name first?”

“We already know your name.”

“That’s not possible.”

“My friend, absolutely everything is possible.”

And with that, the receptionist turned to go into the one small office in the facility. The office was located directly behind the reception desk, although it’s door was off to the left about six feet. The receptionist shut the door behind him and all one could hear for the next two minutes was the tense murmuring of two men’s voices from inside the office.

*

A few moments later Siddhartha Gautama Shakyamuni Buddha burst from the room in full regalia, smiling gregariously and extending a firm, welcoming handshake.

“Greetings! I’m glad you could make it. Won’t you come into my office for a moment?”

“Sure, no problem.”

Buddha walked briskly to his desk and sat down across from where the applicant was seated. The applicant looked both confused and concerned.

“So you’re here to apply for the management position we posted on Craigslist?”

“Yeah, but first I need to clear a couple things up.”

“Sure, fire away.”

“Are you Buddha?”

“Yep, been Buddha for 2,500 years or so. Is that a problem for you?”

“No, it’s just that I don’t really believe in religion and I was kind of under the impression both Buddha and Jesus were mythological figures; and I was pretty sure that even if they did exist, they would have died a long time ago.”

“Ha! Well, seems like every day there’s a new surprise in our lives somehow. Wouldn’t you say?”

“And Jesus?”

“Yeah. It’s funny, but he happens to live only about a half mile from here. But you’d never notice him. He prefers to work regular jobs now. I think he’s engaged and about to marry the love of his life, or something like that. Good guy. We don’t get a chance to pal around much. The work load . . . well, you could imagine.”

“Okay, so the posting didn’t state exactly what kind of management job this is. Regularly I wouldn’t reply to such a vague ad, since those things usually turn out to be tacky commission-only sales jobs with shady companies, but, you know, I’m a bit desperate, the economy being what it is these days. So what exactly would the job be?”

“Well, we didn’t post the exact job title because we didn’t want to scare anyone off. There’s a lot of responsibility involved and we were afraid people would be overwhelmed if he told them everything right off.”

“That’s cool, but I’m here now, so you can just lay it on me.”

“The title of the job in question, to be exact, is “The Lord God of The Universe, Creator of Heaven and Earth, King of Kings, Lord of Hosts, Lord of Lords, Ruler of All Worlds.”

At this, Applicant Number Seven Billion stood up to leave.

“Sorry, Mr. Buddha, or whoever you really are. But I’ve got a couple more interviews to go to today; and I’m really desperate for a job, so I just don’t have time to fool around with practical jokes or whatever.”

“Please, take a seat. We’ve already stopped time for this interview, so we have as many years as you’d like. The outside world won’t ever know it was stopped and won’t ever know it was restarted. When you leave, the time will be exactly what it was when you came in the front door.”

“That’s crazy, but I’ll give you a few more minutes before I go, because it just occurred to me that I did have one question.”

“Okay?”

“So that receptionist guy out there. I got a funny feeling from him. It seems to me he’s something much more than a receptionist. What’s his part in this scam you guys are running. He’s not just a minimum-wage greeter, right?”

“He is now. He likes being a receptionist. He’s kind of jumped on the Voluntary Simplicity craze and is trying live minimalistically.”

“Right, but what did he used to do. He gives off some kind of vibe that he was once of great importance.”

“Yes, your intuition is right about that. To be fully frank with you, he used to be The Lord God of The Universe, Creator of Heaven and Earth, etc.”

“So he quit and took a demotion?”

“That would be a fair way to put it.”

“And now you’re interviewing for a replacement?”

“Yes, do you have any problem with that?”

“I’m wondering why you haven’t filled the job already if it’s as great as you say?”

“Yeah, that’s the tough part. That’s why there’s a trial work-period. That’s why we have to stop time every time someone comes here to apply. They have to try the job out first, and sometimes it takes a while for a person to decide if they want to keep the job.”

“And so far everyone’s decided, ‘No?’”

“I’m afraid so, my friend.”

“So what you’re saying is that nobody wants to be God?”

“That’s it. The receptionist used to be God, but he quit. I won’t take the job, so I volunteered to do HR until we could find somebody; and the guy who used to be God volunteered to be the receptionist so that The Throne Room wouldn’t be abandoned. Even though we don’t want the job of running the universe, we didn’t want to abandon the universe to total disorder either.”

“Mr. Buddha, I’ve got to tell you that I don’t believe any of what you’re saying, but, before I go, I would like to check out that little throne you have out there.”

“No problem. I’ll even let you sit on it. It feels really different from most chairs. I think you’ll be impressed.

“Cool! Let’s go.”

*

As Buddha and Applicant Number Seven Billion stepped onto the slightly-raised platform that held the throne, a throne as small and elegant as it could be and still be considered a throne, Buddha began attempting to seduce the applicant into taking the job by less-than-honest means.

“So, what do you think of it? I admit it’s not anything like those of European Royalty, but it has a certain charm to it all the same, wouldn’t you say.”

“Yes, it really does. I keep trying to put my finger on what it could be. The design is not all that original, and the marble isn’t even of the highest quality, at least not from what I can see. As thrones go, it’s almost homely, and yet it has an almost irresistible pull.”

“Look, you’re free to sit on it for a bit. In fact, we let every applicant sit on it whether or not they choose to take the job. After all, they’ve gone to all the trouble to get here, so we might as well give them the full experience.”

Applicant Number Seven Billion shrugged as if he’d suddenly become a little indifferent and slouched into the marble chair as though he were a younger person playing a little half-prank. After sitting that way for a moment, he suddenly sat up straight and put his arms on the arm rests and exhaled blissfully.”

“Hey, this little chair feels good, really good. There’s some kind of refined elegance about it, like it says everything without hardly saying anything.”

“Keep talking like that and I’ll give you the title of ‘sage.’”

“Ha! That’s pretty funny. But listen, I don’t believe you about any of the Lord God of The Universe stuff, or whatever it was. Either you’re a totally wild conman or completely deluded somehow. There’s no way I’m going to work here. I hope that doesn’t hurt your feelings or anything.”

“No offense taken. Being Buddha, I’m not all that attached to any particular outcome. I’m just here trying to do my duty.”

“Cool. But do you mind if I sit in this chair for five or ten minutes before I go. The marble feels so cool, and I’ve been a bit sweaty today. It must be my nerves. But this chair is so soothing. You wouldn’t mind, would you, if I just sat here for a bit and rested my eyes a little.”

“No problem. Take your time. I’ll be back in my office finishing up a few things if you need anything.”

As Buddha turned to go back to his office, the receptionist put a carafe of light gold liquid on an end table next to the throne.

“In case you get thirsty, here’s some chilled chardonnay for you. It has a little something extra in it that might ease your nervous condition a little.”

“You mean there’s liquid opium in there?”

“Just a splash or two.”

“Oh well, I guess I’m going to miss my late-afternoon interviews.”

The applicant tossed back a few gulps; and, noting how sweet and rich it tasted, tossed back a few more gulps. Within a few moments a wave of warmth flooded over his whole body and he drifted off into a deep sleep right there on the throne formerly occupied by the The Creator of Heaven and Earth who, for some reason, no longer wanted the job.

After a while Buddha emerged from his office and walked over to talk to the receptionist.

“It looks like our applicant is already well into his trial work-period.”

“Yes, I didn’t have to force the chardonnay-opium blend on him.”

“Great, then he can spend a few thousand years running a parallel universe. Who knows, but, maybe if he likes running that one, he might be willing to run this one.”

“Now that time is stopped for thousands of years, what do you intend to do?”

“I’ll be in the back office reading the entire body of world literature produced before 1,500 AD.”

“Okay, I’ll be out here learning several hundred languages. I’ll let you know when he wakes up.”

*

The receptionist came in to Buddha’s office to let him know that the applicant appeared to be waking up.

“Hey, just wanted to let you know the applicant has begun stirring. I imagine he’ll be awake in a moment.”

“How long has it been?”

“About five thousand years, give or take a few hundred.”

“Ah, then the situation is far from certain. In any case, tell the applicant to remain seated and that I’ll be out presently to see him.”

*

The applicant shook off the haze of his deep sleep and felt revivified and wholesome. By the time Buddha came out to speak with him, his eyes were wide open and he was ready to speak about the adventures he’d had.

“How long have I been asleep.”

“About five thousand years.”

“That’s not possible, although it’s a funny coincidence that I happened to dream that I’d had a five-thousand-year odyssey.”

“No, you really were out for five thousand years, which is why you have five thousand years’ worth of memories from your dream. Think about it: You’ve never had a dream that went on so long and was so continuous that you remember five thousand years’ worth of adventures, right?”

“I guess so, but maybe that was just a side effect of the opium-laced chardonnay you gave me.”

“Let me ask you this: Did you, in this protracted dream, play the role of the absolute ruler of the universe?”

“How could you have known that? Are you some kind of mind reader?”

“No, it’s just that every applicant who sits on the throne goes through a trial work-period where he tries out ruling the universe to see if it’s to his liking or not.”

“Oh my goodness, this is bizarre.”

“Yes, you were God for five thousand years, a very short time when one considers people have had the job for billions of years. In fact, the guy at the desk had it for thirteen billion years or so before he got completely sick of it.”

“Why don’t you want to be God?”

“God is below Buddha. Anyone who’s God is on The Wheel of Samsara, clinging to this or that outcome, demanding this and that of people and generally insisting on getting his way. It all ends in a tragic, prolonged attempt at bullying people into loving God or loving each other, none of which is really anyone’s business.”

“Yeah, you see, that was the complaint I was about to have with that dream. At first it was fun having everything I said come true. I started out by ordering the world to make me a rock star and then ordering auditoriums of people to applaud for me. Then I ordered myself a flock of groupies who would fall in love with me and give me unlimited amounts of sex. Then I ordered the whole planet to praise me. I created angels and demons and smaller gods and I began insisting that they all flatter me. Before you knew it, I was creating hells for the purpose of torturing people who refused to love me. After a while the thing degenerated into a cosmic bloodbath. And then, at some point, my conscience awoke within me and I realized I’d become a monster, like Nero, Caligula, Ghengis Khan and Ivan The Terrible all rolled up into one. I began to panic at the horror I’d created when suddenly I began to awaken from the dream. And man, was I relieved to find out that it was all a dream.”

“But if you want to be God while you’re not dreaming, and if you want to remain in that throne, and if you can think of a better way to be God, then you’re welcome to stay there on that throne as long as you like.”

“Sir, I must insist we cease this silly game this instant.”

“If you don’t believe me, go ahead and command something small.”

“Okay, I order a beautiful woman to appear right now and proclaim her love for me.”

At that instant, just as in the dream, the applicant’s will was immediately realized. A gorgeous woman materialized and began professing her love for him, promising her undying devotion to him and swearing that she would obey any command he issued. But apparently this was not to the applicant’s liking after all and she vanished just as quickly as she’d appeared. Buddha questioned the applicant further.

“So, you did not like the woman you created?”

“No, no, no. It’s no good. She had no choice but to love me.”

“You could create a woman who despises you, if you like.”

The applicant experimented with this thought, and, sure enough, a woman appeared who criticized him and berated him and told him he was awful. The applicant then created an employer who offered him any job and any salary he wished. Then he created a boss that chided him for working too slow or for making mistakes or having the wrong attitude. After that, he created a loving, supportive family and, alternately, a wicked and abusive family.

“Okay, Mr. Buddha, I admit it. You’re right. So I’ve been God.”

“And the job is not to your liking?”

“No, I quit.”

“I was afraid of that. You’re actually the seven-billionth applicant since our receptionist over there quit the job. I’m afraid no one wants to be God.

“Yeah, dude, it sucks. I mean, the love — it’s not real, right? Even the hatred isn’t real. Even if I tried to give the characters free will, their bodies, the situation they’re born in, their overall health, all the first people they meet — all that sets the ball rolling in such a way that you can pretty much tell how they’ll turn out. And it’s the same with whole countries and religions and corporations and colleges, or whatever. The whole thing isn’t authentic. I’d rather have people just not like me, or just not hire me, then to be weird puppets that just act out whatever I want. And anyway, what’s this thing about torturing people for not liking me? That’s a kind of awful side of my subconscious I wish I’d never seen. No, no. I’d rather just be an underemployed person with a lackluster love life.”

“But don’t you want to live forever?”

“No, that would suck too. Anyone who lived forever would learn so much about the world they could eventually figure out how to avoid every pitfall in life, and, with unlimited time, they could master every subject no matter how slow they read. No, living forever would be just like being God. You’d know so much and have so much power that you couldn’t make a mistake or fall for any deceptions. You’d be undefeatable. Nah, it’s better to just be a sucker or a fool.”

“So living much longer than the fifty, sixty, seventy or eighty years?”

“Yeah, that would be bullshit too. A seventy-year-old with the body and mind of a twenty-year-old would be a bully even if he never bullied anyone, because he’d be too experienced. It wouldn’t be fair to everyone else. It would be like being one of those guys who memorized every combination of cards, or every word in the scrabble dictionary or every word in the Bible — you’d just end up going around dominating everyone. It wouldn’t be right.”

“Then you admit that the human situation as it now exists, with all it’s nightmare scenarios, is just about the only way to really be an authentic being?”

“Ah, now, Mr. Buddha, you gave me a flash of insight. So that’s why you’re above God and don’t want to be God. Whoever controls the whole universe gets the booby prize.”

“Bingo. The only real relationship is one where all the human frailties apply and anyone could end up in any which situation. Anyone who becomes an expert at controlling situations doesn’t win anything real. The things they end up winning look real enough, but they all feel hollow in the end.”

“And so that’s why positive thinking doesn’t work either, or, when it works, it turns a  person into a freak.”

“I can’t explain the situation much better than that.”

“Then you will excuse me. I’ve got to get back to the bar around the corner where all the women reject me. I’d rather be really rejected than trick them into liking me. And another thing: I’m kind of sorry you stopped time for me as I would have liked to have had a good excuse for not showing up for those job interviews later on.”

“Those jobs aren’t to your liking either?”

“No. Those jobs are a bit over my head. I could plead and beg my way into them. But fuck that. I only want to be hired by a company who wants me as I really am. I’ll just stay single and underpaid and people will just have to despise me for that if they want to. Screw all this rushing around trying to manipulate women and customers and employers into accepting me. Enough with all this manipulation.”

“Ah, well then, you’re a bit too enlightened already for the job anyway, but it has been a pleasure calling your our Lord and God for a few thousand years anyway.”

*

Applicant Number Seven Billion left the building and Buddha and the receptionist went out to the balcony to have a cigarette and discuss the recent applicant.

“Well, what did you think of him?”

“Buddha, I hope you won’t be angry with me, but I cheated and kept one of my old powers.”

“Which one?”

“Being able to spy on people’s dreams.”

“So you’re still a mind-reader?”

“Heavens no. It’s only the dreams I spy on, not the conscious thoughts.”

“Oh, I get it, so you’ve been spying on the temporary reigns of the applicants while they’re up on the throne being all-powerful in their sleep.”

“Yes, I hope you will forgive me for that one bit of theft. Other than that, I’ve relinquished every other power.”

“So then, what did you think of our most recent applicant’s foray into godhood?”

“To tell you the truth, he was a way better God than I was.”

*

Overselling The Dharma

Return to Table of Contents

Day Three of The San Francisco Spiritual Potential Conference featured four speakers who addressed various audiences looking for a new level of breakthrough in their lives. Some were told that people with psychic powers could look into the future and direct believers into more fulfilling situations by steering them clear of future hazards and by keeping them aware of future opportunities. And others were told that there were laws of prayer which, if followed to the letter and practiced with the utmost sincerity, would result in financial security and romantic fulfillment. Additionally, there were many listeners on hand when a Buddhist leader promised that Buddhism could teach one to transcend all desires and thus escape the punishing wheel of suffering humans have found themselves riding on for millennia. There was a fourth speaker, Fu War, but not much was said in the publicity brochure about what his topic would be.

The psychic, it so happened, although she had no way of being aware of it, was a reincarnation of the first Oracle at Delphi; and she assured the audience that she could not only peer into the future and past, but that she could also read fortunes through tarot cards, the lines on people’s hands and the colors their auras emitted. Furthermore, she could channel the spirits of the deceased and divine the will of prophets, sages and archangels. With access to all of these mystical tools, she felt certain that she, and those at her level, could additionally use such accessories as crystals, burning sage, magic stones and Native American headgear to summon aliens inside of UFOs, goddesses living in other realms and biblical characters from ancient times who would all but guarantee personal growth, health and affluence to all who called on them.

A faith healer spoke on the matter of the power of prayer. And, although she did not know it, she was a reincarnation of Jesus who had been reputed to have performed many miracles in one lifetime. She assured the onlookers that the scriptures had explicitly promised that a proper prayer life would manifest the very things true “prayer warriors” had wished for. She claimed that the results of prayer were more or less already certain were one to give up all doubts and have complete trust in God. She had seen paupers who’d donated a few pennies to her ministry become multimillionaires within months. She’d seen countless people instantly cured of lifelong addictions to alcohol, gambling, drugs and pornography. In her presence, hopelessly-incompatible couples turned their lives around and found themselves in the midst of awesome marriages in which divorce was unthinkable. As she preached, she cited verses in the Bible where the crippled were made to walk, the blind were made to see and the dead were raised back to life. She assured everyone present that miracles were not just a thing of the past, but that an active and faith-filled prayer life could create signs and wonders in such abundance that one would hardly recognize one’s former life were one to join her and practice her “prayer warrior” lifestyle.

Toward the end of the day, a renowned Buddhist monk got up. And amazingly, without him having the slightest idea of it, he was a reincarnation of the original Shakyamuni, Siddhartha Gautama Buddha himself. He related his life story, most if it having taken place in the Bay Area. He explained how he’d one day, as an early adult, realized that he was caught in a morass of craving and lust and had lost his way fully. But, as fate would have it, he was walking by a Tibetan Buddhist teaching center at the time and decided to stop in to see if there might be anything they could do for him.

They proceeded henceforth to initiate him into the Four Noble Truths and The Eightfold Path. This was combined with clean, sober, chaste, ascetic living and a vegetarian diet. They meditated every morning and chanted the sutras every evening and dedicated themselves selflessly to the liberation of all sentient beings who still suffer. He and his monastic brothers were known far and wide to have gotten themselves free of all the petty jealousies and social machinations that imprison humankind. They not only spoke freely of their state of total liberation, but also said their teaching and its attendant salvation from all human miseries was available to all the world and could be learned and mastered in equal proportion to the dedication of any student following their path. The principles of their school of teaching, they proclaimed, were the operating principles of the universe itself and could not fail anymore than physics could fail.

Before and after each speaker, generous rounds of applause echoed about the various convention rooms. However, there was an awkward silence before Fu War took the stage. Convention workers hustled quickly to clear the stage of all the accoutrements that had accompanied the previous speakers and performers. Fu War had requested that, before he spoke, the stage be cleared of everything except a microphone and one ordinary chair taken from the audience area of the convention room floor. The clearing of the stage took several minutes and the host of the show tried to fill the emptiness of that period with some amusing chatter, but she was not able to save the mood of the room. And so, as the stage was finally emptied and the one small chair was brought onto the stage, she rather unceremoniously, and without enthusiasm, announced the entrance of Fu War; and soon thereafter he sat down in the chair and proceeded to speak into the microphone:

“Ladies and gentlemen, and those of other genders, numberless as the stars in the heavens, you may have noticed on the brochure for today’s events that very little was written about my portion of the program. There are two reasons for this: The first is that the first thing I shall have to say to you is unbelievable and the second thing I’ll have to say is unacceptable. But you are under no obligation to listen to my words and you are, as you know, free to leave at anytime. I shall not be hurt if the room were to empty or if I should be met with a chorus of jeers. My mission here is not to make you happy or win your approval, but just to liberate you, and only partially. In any case, within just a few short moments, my remarks shall be concluded. Unlike the other speakers, I will not need an hour, forty-five minutes, or even a half-hour to say what I have to say; and thus you shall be spared any significant demand on your time or attention.

“I would first like to note that the speakers who have appeared throughout this convention today are not who they appear to be. The first one was actually the original Oracle at Delphi and is perhaps the greatest psychic who ever lived. The second was Jesus himself who might be the most famous person to have ever walked the earth. And lastly, you heard from the Buddha himself, the founder of the highest spiritual path yet conceived on this planet. This, however, concludes the uplifting part of my talk.

“The other point I would like to make before we adjourn for the day is that all of the speakers are now, and have always been, throughout their countless incarnations, well meaning, good-hearted people. Sadly, they are also liars, but not fully so. They did indeed achieve some good things, even some great things; and many millions were helped by them; and many more millions perhaps could not have survived without their intervention in human affairs. Additionally, they did not lie about the causes and conditions that lead to human suffering, nor did they lie when they said prayer has been an aid to many people, nor did they lie when they noted that they could sometimes predict the course of future events. They did not create their stories out of whole cloth, but were only guilty of embellishing, that is, overselling the dharma. The things they said had a kernel of truth, but they lied about their efficacy.

“Oracles, psychics, clairvoyants and other empaths are indeed well acquainted with the most common paths people take on their life journeys and are clear about the most common results attained by their efforts. Given their vast knowledge of the life-stories of thousands of people, and their ability to read facial expressions and body language, there’s a good chance they’ll know a lot about the typical person who comes to see them, and thus their guesses have a certain chance of being right. But they are wrong such a high percentage of the time that one has to finally admit that psychics merely increase your chance of knowing the future slightly, but not rigorously or infallibly. They may be helpful, but they are, alas, not miracle workers. (And don’t let them sell you crystals. They’re marking them up several hundred percent.)

“As for faith healers, prayer ministries, and all those who follow their methods, all I can say is that prayer sometimes seems to work. I’ll even admit that I myself am given to prayer, but the percent of prayers answered is about equal to the number of times my psychics were right. I’d call those 50-50 games at best, not that I’m above them. But, the way I see it, if you’re responsible, you know that the slot machines in the casinos rarely pay off. If you bring your money to a psychic, a church or a casino, expect to win about ten percent of the time. And don’t pay very much for any of it or bet very much on any of it. In any case, sometimes psychics are right; and sometimes prayers get answered; and sometimes you hit the jackpot in Vegas. In any case, all of those activities are oversold and generally filled with implied promises regarding results that are rare.

“But the person who really oversold himself today is our Buddhist friend. I can find what seems to be evidence of answered prayers and accurate psychic predictions, even if those instances are rare and disputable. However, I have never once met a human being who came anywhere close to transcending the world as many of our Buddhist friends claim to have done. Maybe prayer isn’t real, and maybe psychics aren’t real, but for sure world-transcendence isn’t real. I have been able to prove that there are no Buddhas walking among us. No one you will ever meet has reached a state where they are beyond all suffering. The state of final, permanent and all-encompassing Nirvana never existed. The experience of Kensho or a brief Samadhi does come to us now and then, a moment of an easing up of our clinging, a kind of letting go that gives us a glimpse into a component of bliss and freedom in this universe. ‘But do not let anyone deceive you.’ No human being who ever walked this earth was ever entirely freed from anger, greed, lust or fear. To a person, if they still breathed, they had traces of fear, surges of lust, moments of greed,  and incidents of suppressed anger. Buddhism reduces the amount of fear you feel, and it reduces the amount of greed you feel, and it increases your ability to let go of things a bit more, and it increases your sense of freedom, but it never liberates absolutely. Buddhism works, to a certain degree, but not finally, perfectly or permanently. To say so it so oversell the dharma.

“So, as we close this evening, I ask that you all go home and meditate a little, pray a little and read your tarot cards a little. (You really do need to stop paying psychics.) And if you get a bit of insight into the future, a little loosening up of your control-freak problem, a lucky break which you’ve pleaded to the heavens for — that’s good enough. Don’t push for everlasting and total and absolute victory. You have to trust me when I say that even if you could have that much control over your life, you wouldn’t like it after a while. Try not to interfere with the world too much, and try not to interfere with your own life too much either. It’s okay to let the world win once in a while.”

*

Los Angeles Motorcycle Buddha

Return to Table of Contents

At first Los Angeles had mostly Japanese Buddhist priests. (There were some Chinese Buddhist priests, but, in those days, they kept a low profile.) The Japanese temples were resigned to the fact that the cultural connection between Californians and Japanese was getting stronger and there was no way to stop the increasing amount of intermingling of races. They would have to tolerate “foreigners” invading their enclaves and gawking at the most sacred sites on the mainland. Furthermore, it was well known that Japanese students were having English forced on them for years in the major cities of Japan, so there was no faking like you didn’t speak English. (The Chinese had less cultural intermingling with “Europeans” — which is what some of them called white Americans — and many really spoke no English at all and were in no way trying to be impolite.) This meant it fell on the Japanese community in those early years to keep adapting to this continual invasion of Anglos into their temples and cultural centers. (And it didn’t help that Californians were so numerous in both Little Tokyo in LA and in the big Tokyo in Japan that they were forcing their own words, secular and religious, into the Japanese language.)

And it was all but inevitable that assorted misfits drifting in, disillusioned with their native religions and seeking a haven from monotheism, would start to become ordinary parishioners; and it was equally inevitable that a few of them would become apprentice monks, learn Japanese and even become priests. Once there were native-born English-speaking monks lecturing at colleges, Buddhism was bound to become a major religion in California.

At first, nearly all of the Anglo-Buddhist priests and students tried to copy the simple, elegant, disciplined and understated lifestyle so natural to both Japan and Buddhism, but, before long, the faith evolved to include punk-rock Buddhists; gay, lesbian, bisexual, transsexual and non-binary Buddhists; chain-smoking, alcoholic, playboy Buddhists; and even biker Buddhists. One such biker Buddhist got deep into the faith and made no bones about driving around LA on a massive Harley Davidson motorcycle spreading the Mahayana gospel to any audience that would listen. He had no shame about showing up to a religious event wearing leather biker gear over the top of his priestly robes. He was often just barely on-time to his speaking engagements, and so one heard his bike rumbling up and saw him hustle to get to the front of the room, take off his motorcycle helmet and, still breathing a bit heavily, start right into his speech.

One day as I was driving into Los Angeles to wander like a lost soul around Hollywood in the dark, this notorious Buddhist biker-preacher was being featured at a larger lecture hall and the big mixed-religion radio station of that time was featuring him. As was typical, our man-of-the-hour was slightly late, and so one heard the host of the program introducing the speaker to the sound of the monk’s motorcycle rumbling up in the background. And just as the introduction was complete, one heard the heavy footsteps and panting breath of the lecturer as he hustled his ungainly body up to the stage. 

When he got to the front of the room, he took a moment to catch his breath and take off his motorcycle helmet and black leather jacket. He took a moment to try to compose himself, and then he said, “I thought a lot about what to say to everyone today. The radio audience out there is larger than most audiences I deal with and so I wanted to get right to the heart of matter: Who was Buddha and exactly what did he do? Unlike Atheists, he did not teach that we simply die and vanish. And unlike Christians and Muslims, he did not attempt to secure himself a place in heaven after departing this world. Furthermore, he was not reincarnated into another realm to live out yet another lifetime. Buddha is the man who figured out how to live forever without getting born anywhere. That was the genius of his work and that is the goal of my religion.”

The audience heard this and was stunned. I too was stunned. Also, I thought, there’s no way anything else I would hear that night would top that, so I clicked my radio off and drove into the lonely, empty Los Angeles night, each night of which was usually like an unsavory rebirth in some badly-written Hindu morality tale.

*

Doctrines

Return to Table of Contents

Fu War read the following prose-poem to the sangha:

The problem with doctrines is that once you have them, you never quite love right, never really live fully. The doctrines build fences around your mind and heart and soon the whole world looks like a system of interwoven threats where every topic is sensitive and every idea appears as a saboteur.

The problem with doctrines is that they make every new concept looks like a black-clad assassin. Friends become hard to trust and conversation becomes stilted and halting and fraught with anxiety. Every work of art is capable of shaking you to the core once doctrines have wrapped their spiritually-lethal tendrils around your intellect.

The problem with doctrines is that once they own you, nothing you do is ever quite noble, ever quite generous. It’s a fight-or-flight mode of the soul. In such a condition there is no way for the sufferer to even be truly evil as the spirits of evil will not even embrace the hideous kinds of doctrines human beings do.

The problem with doctrines is that they kill off intuition and deaden all of the senses until at last a kind of philosophical paralysis sets in and the ethical death of the individual sets in. The doctrinal demons, once lodged inside of the true believer, are nearly impossible to exorcise. All we can really do is pray for them, even if we don’t believe in prayer.

The problem with doctrines is that every decision made by the doctrine-obsessed is reduced to a hapless half-measure, and every gift they give becomes a half-gesture. All about the doctrinal world is emptiness, but not the emptiness of the clear light of the void, but the emptiness of continual clamor and endless uproar.

The problem with doctrines is that they kill off your own natural self-confidence and replace it with an internal reference library of injunctions and proscriptions, none of which anyone practices or succeeds at convincing others to practice. Doctrines are pacifiers for pre-dharmic babies who will probably never feel natural again.

*

A Wealthy Man

Return to Table of Contents

Lack of Ambition was wandering down the bike path when he ran into Fred The Hard Worker who asked him, “So, since your early retirement, what have you been up to?”

Lack of Ambition replied, “Well, given how small my pension is, I’ve been reduced to going to free poetry readings on weekdays to see if some kind person might treat me to a coffee and pastry afterward. On the weekends I sneak into the opera house during intermissions, hoping that the the ushers don’t catch on and chase me away.

“Otherwise I’m busy badgering my nearly-bankrupt publishers into running my essays until my enemies have me hounded out of the literary world altogether. Soon I’ll be reduced to writing confessional memoirs in an attempt to bolster my ever-shrinking audience.

“When desperation really sets in, I worm my way into the stripper clubs and sweet-talk the local lingerie models into giving me free wine and cheese from the backstage catering table before the bouncers detect me and kick me out, shouting curses at me as I flee in shame. Sometimes one of the performers gives me a sympathy date.

“When every other option is exhausted, I hound the airlines, train operators and bus companies into giving me discount travel to sleazy cities full of low-end casinos and cheap food. And there seems to be no end to my inventiveness in these matters; and so I am forever going from one corporation to the next, seeking whatever I might mooch from them.”

Fred The Hard Worker just shrugged and replied as he turned to walk away, “Sounds like a wealthy man to me.”

*

A Few Thoughts On The Jade Emperor

Return to Table of Contents

The Jade Emperor, from the throne of his palace in Chinatown, is staring out harshly at me from behind a shield of glass. His eyebrows are raised in a frightening way, as if he held the life of his subjects in his hands, as if he had decided temporarily not to toss them into the lowest chasm of Hell. And all about him are official papers, hanging lanterns and swirls of incense smoke.

Underneath his black cap and behind his Confucian beard, I feel that somehow the truth about me is known, that he not only knows every sin I ever committed, but has already waved off all of the considerations about them as not worth his further attention. Having decided not to condemn me, I am, as it were, dismissed into the world to carry on my folly, a folly I can see he knows to be on the verge of incurable. There is no question of his forgiving me or loving me. His mere existence purifies the sinner; and for him to love me would be for him to desecrate all of Heaven with petty emotionalism. Honesty is the only thing that interests him, but he asks no questions. Appearing before him, even for a moment, is to itself surrender self-deception and the will to deceive others.

As the clouds of smoke thicken, and the rows of desperately-burning candles glow on, I sense that my lowly condition is also a dignified condition, that somehow, if I really chased the fame and sex and money I think I want, I would be reducing my own standing in the higher world. (The higher world has always been a part of this world. And even though a believer in the Jade Emperor told me he was in Heaven, I know that the supreme Heaven is in this world; and the Heaven in this world is even higher than the heavens of the pantheons of gods, because those heavens are more filled with lust and selfishness and delusion than this Heaven right here. Therefore, the highest heaven in the universe is on Powell Street in San Francisco, the other heavens being defiled by comparison to this one, the only one I’m really confident about, the only one I’m prepared to vouch for.)

The Jade Emperor towers over me as his minions stare on in disbelief that an outsider stands in awe of their god. They are not overly concerned with our language barrier but can tell I already understand what they do. And when New Year’s Day comes, and I again reappear, they guide me back to the kitchen behind the altar where I silently eat the rice and noodles they serve. They study my face closely and can see that I am pleased with this offering; and the fact that I am pleased moves them to overt happiness. They find a staffer who speaks English and guide her to me. We ask each other questions and are mutually pleased to know that I care about their traditions and they care than a wandering, lonely soul found momentary comfort and hope in their presence.

And the Jade Emperor, he is too holy to have a comment to offer about any such situation in the Heaven-Earth complex that we are walking in. And always know that you never walk only in the world of people, but are, at every turn, passing into the world of the gods by the millions of visible and invisible gates that both divide and unify them. And perhaps one day you will even be like the Jade Emperor and pass beyond a niceties and flatteries, your very wholeness and dignity being an offering to the world, something even greater than human love.

*

Miss Emotionally Wholesome Meets Primordial Sensei

Return to Table of Contents

Miss Emotionally Wholesome cornered The Dreaded Fujikami in his study and pressed him for an answer to her question.

“Fujikami, suppose I should pounce on you now and you were unable to resist me, and, at last, we ended up making love all night?”

Fujikami replied, “At the break of dawn one would find me winding my way through the back alleys of our city fleeing for my life.”

“Could we not conclude from that,” continued Miss Emotionally Wholesome, “that you are afraid of genuine human intimacy?”

Fujikami responded, “To ask a man like me if he is afraid of genuine human intimacy is like asking a feasting carrion-jackal if he has deliberated upon Christian virtue. One could do it, but one has to admit at the outset that the project of asking such a question would itself be laughable.”

Miss Emotionally Wholesome said “How could you respond to my earnest inquiry in such an inhumanly bestial way?”

“Oh no!” concluded The Dreaded Fujikami. “What you are observing now is my most tenderly loving side. Were you to see my inhumanly bestial side, you would never recover from the trauma of that.

*

A Day In The Life of Aku no Ken no

Return to Table of Contents

Sensei was called before the Prefectural council where it was rumored that a number of denouncements would be proclaimed against him. Since the hearing was public, and since he was a well-known sage, the hearing room was packed. Sensei, having no money for an attorney, stood alone before the panel and the crowd. Then, to everyone’s amazement, who should appear to take the very center seat at the panel’s table? The famously-corrupt Governor, Aku no Ken no.

As was his ceremonial custom, Aku no Ken no did not enter any room until everyone in the audience and everyone else on the panel was seated. At that time a court page would call out, “All will stand for His Excellency, The Very Right Honorable Aku no Ken no.” At this point everyone seated would rise and stand, suppressing a smirk, since, of course, The Governor rose through the ranks through pure nepotism and hadn’t a single virtue anyone could name.

It was dangerous to appear at a hearing over which the Governor presided because if anyone appeared to have even a trace of disrespect for him, whether working in an official capacity or simply viewing from the gallery, they could be taken out and tortured to death. However, people’s perverse curiosity outweighed their fear and they showed up at no small risk to their own lives because they loved nothing better than the debunking of a formerly-revered saint.

The Governor, after looking sternly and ominously at everyone in the room, ordered everyone to be seated. He glanced again at the paperwork put in front of him by a court clerk and chuckled to himself in a most diabolical way, which meant he could do anything. It was well known that his angry moods were not as dangerous as his playful moods. Now many people present regretted having come, feeling that they really had put their lives at undue risk merely to satisfy their most base voyeuristic instincts.

Aku no Ken no addressed Sensei, who was still standing, his bald head, his second-hand garb, and his wrinkly face making him look all the more pitiful when contrasted against the formidable, youthful bulk of the heavily-decorated Governor.

“Before I go through the formality of reading off the complaints against you, since I imagine you very well know what they would be,” began The Governor, “I shall first give you a chance to offer any desperately-concocted defense you might have for your ridiculous self.”

Sensei bowed slightly and replied, “Sir, since I have been doing the same works, such as they are, for almost half a century, it would be certain that by now that the number of witnesses who could discredit me would exceed the number of stars in the heavens. For me to pretend to have any pretext whatsoever for justifying the manner in which I have lived — such a pretense would be a great disrespect to your majestic personage.”

At this point the entire courtroom, including the judgment panel members, the court clerks and pages, and the audience, burst out in uncontrollable laughter. No one in attendance, even under the threat of death for disrespecting the proceedings, had the dishonesty to pretend things hadn’t gone beyond absurdly comedic proportions.

Aku no Ken no, who could have had the entire audience killed, said, “You will all return to silence now!”

After the audience settled down, Aku no Ken no added, “Had it been any other day of the year, I surely would have had you all tortured to death, but my mood is such that I’m going to forgive the audience for it’s insubordinate attitude and continue with the proceedings.”

The Governor then lowered his eyes at Sensei and said, “You do realize that beheading is the customary and expected punishment for a man claiming to be a sage while living a life of a gross debauchery and unrepentant impudence, don’t you? And you do realize that it is unforgivable to be one living on a government salary and the donations of the public while simultaneously flaunting his disregard for everything we, as a people, hold sacred, don’t you?”

Sensei again bowed and replied, “Your Exalted Majesty, I can only be in daily astonishment that I have grown to such an old age and have not yet been summarily strangled and then left out for stray dogs to feast on in the public square.”

Again the entire courtroom burst into uncontrollable laughter, but this time the murderous Governor simply waited till the laughter died down without even scolding the audience. This was as close to an anarchic situation as the country had seen in years.

The Governor suppressed a wide smile and then continued, “The charges are as follows: You have abused all of the powers entrusted to you in every way imaginable, showing undue favoritism to those in a position to benefit you while withholding the mercy due to deeply deserving souls, all the time indulging in conspicuous displays of endlessly self-indulgent activities; and then there are the matters of your promiscuity, your frequenting of sake bars and opium dens, and your shirking of nearly all of your priestly duties. Furthermore, word has reached us that there is no high official, whether political or religious, whom you hesitate to mock, and that you live your entire existence as though you were wholly above the law and beyond judgment. You don’t dare deny any of this, do you?”

“Deny it?” replied Sensei. “Were I to be beaten every day for a thousand years for such behavior, and then set free again, upon the very first day of my freedom I would, almost certainly, resume the exact pattern of living with even greater gusto than before. Such is the debased nature of my dog-like character.”

“Well then, that concludes the evidentiary part of this hearing. And so,” continued Aku no Ken no, “I shall ask my four panel members to first give their opinion on the matter.”

The four panel members, in accordance with tradition, and presuming the usual predetermined verdict in all such kangaroo-style courts, in unison, simply proclaimed, “Death!”

The Governor proceeded, "I thank the esteemed panel for their most astute judgment in such a matter. However, Sensei, you are not any ordinary criminal. Indeed, your cowardliness and vanity are such that few mortals attain such a state, even given a hundred lifetimes to do so. Your opportunism, your continually calculating mind, and your ruthlessly self-serving manner of reasoning — all of these things well exceed that of the common rebel or simple thief. And so, given these special circumstances, the usual punishments shall be put aside, and I'd like, instead, to offer you a job."

The whole courtroom was in shock. Again, risking their lives, the guards, the clerks, the panel members, and all in attendance, glared at The Governor angrily.

Confused, Sensei looked around the room, seeing nothing but hostile faces wishing for his demise, and then asked nervously, “Your Excellency, which job would you order me to do?”

The Governor stood up to leave, as everyone looked on fully nonplussed, “You will report to The Governor's Palace at the beginning of next week. You are to be the State Minister for Religious Affairs. I’m tired of having weaklings on my cabinet!”

And just as he was at the threshold of the door, before departing the hall, he shouted, “There are five wagons of supplies waiting outside this hearing room. Everyone in attendance shall receive an extra month’s worth of household provisions as pay for taking time off of their work to view the proceedings today. If any of you refuse these offerings, my guards will burn your house down and everything in it. Now, all of you, get out!”

Sensei, quickly dashed out of another door on the opposite side of the room and went home to make hours of offerings and prayers to the myriad of good and evil gods that decorated his elaborate home altar.

*

The Shogun And The Old Celibate

Return to Table of Contents

The Old Celibate was greeted by throngs of romantics as they crowded into the conference room of the Shogun, who, although he hated socializing, was pressured into throwing a fete nonetheless. The people who who twisted his arm regarding this could have had their heads cut off instantly for defying the Shogun, but they defied him anyway. And, although not afraid of death, he was afraid of public opinion, and so his hand was forced; and all the young men and women showed up in droves for dancing and music and chanting and prayer. Much to the Shogun's annoyance, every priest who had a pretext to, also showed up in full regalia.

After the dances and theatrics, and after the music and a convocational prayer, The Old Celibate was politely shoved to the front of the room to give a short homily, but at last he had nothing to say. He looked around at the room full of inquisitive faces and said, “Have you any questions?”

At this, a young man timidly came forward and ventured a question, “Sir, do you think we are all silly, cavorting around like this, looking for the attentions of the opposite sex?”

“Oh no, not at all,” he replied. “In fact, the whole world depends on such things to keep our race going forward from generation to generation throughout all of time.”

“But since you are a celibate,” pressed the young man, “do you not pray that we shall all one day get over all this lust-crazed nonsense and live in service of the gods.”

“Quite to the contrary,” assured The Old Celibate. “Each day I pray to the gods that you might all fall in love. In doing so, you shall serve the gods in a different way than I do, but one full of equal importance to all the worlds. And now, if you will excuse me, I believe it is time I made my way home.”

The crowd, still expecting more from The Old Celibate, slowly parted as he made toward the door. The Shogun, seated at the other end of the room, motioned silently for the music to commence. The young couples crowded in towards each other in ways that were improper, and the Shogun thought how, in earlier times, he would have punished them all for unseemly behavior. But now there were dozens of ministers behind him, and although he was their superior, he was somehow embarrassed by their presence and unwilling to conspicuously exercise his authority.

Outside an open door, a Japanese bush warbler was singing in the black night. Underneath the paper lanterns came the forms of sake dealers hustling in heavy kegs for this party that would last till dawn and follow almost no protocol whatsoever.

The Shogun, in mild disgust, turned to the row of priests behind him and said, “Aren’t you the ones who are supposed to be enforcing moral order in the capital?”

One of the highest priests, a short, bald, old man, bowed low before the king and said nothing.

“What about the rest of you?” he snarled to the whole row behind him, but they all also bowed and said nothing and wore poker faces as they then slipped away to another part of the room.

The Shogun suddenly felt, as he looked at all his people living freely without the slightest thought of being oppressed, as though this might be the happiest day of his life. He, of course, like The Old Celibate whom he knew well, never fell in love, but he suddenly felt that the sight of everyone else falling in love was good enough for him.

After a while, the musical ensemble took a break. At that moment a maiko with a shamisen kneeled to the floor. The room became quiet again as everyone crowded around her. She sang a low and plaintive song in an ancient dialect no one understood. The melody was fractured, percussive, brittle and beautiful. Suddenly this warm and full night felt sparse and lonely, but somehow reassuring. The young romantics in the room embraced their lovers and wept a little. The Old Celibate was at home in his hut by then, drinking his tea alone, in love with the silence.

*

An Idealistic Student Confronts Fujikami

Return to Table of Contents

The Dreaded Fujikami stumbled into the bar to give a dharma talk to what he called “real men of substantial drinking,” when he was confronted by an idealistic student who harshly questioned him and said, “Fujikami, it’s said that you are a very vengeful man. How can you parade about like a spiritual person when vindictiveness is at the core of your practice?”

Fujikami sneered as he took his seat on a barstool and huffed toward the crowd of people taking their afternoon constitutional and said, “Were I really a vengeful man, as this young boy says, he would not be breathing now.”

*

The Shogun’s Shoji Screen

Return to Table of Contents

The Shogun sent his minions out to scour the landscape looking for dead dragonflies and dead hummingbirds. These servants collected the wings from the corpses of these insects and birds for a period of two years and six months and preserved them in small airtight boxes. The Shogun then ordered that a three-paneled shoji screen be constructed with a cherrywood frame. Inside the frame were sheets of delicate paper made from the mulched wings of the deceased dragonflies and hummingbirds combined with mitsumata fibers. Visitors would comment on the unusual texture of the shoji screen and inquire how the paper was made. To this the Shogun would reply, “It is composed of the manifestations of impermanence.” And since this reply generally made the guests uneasy, the conversation quickly moved onto other topics.

*

Regarding Mountain Lions

Return to Table of Contents

Bambi Sensei told Codependent Deer, “Please don't try to make mountain lions love you.”

*

The Supreme Question

Return to Table of Contents

Sensei said, “The one question before you today is whether you will flee Mount Hiei now, or whether you will be thrown off of Mount Hiei tomorrow. No other question really matters.”

Note: Sensei himself used to climb Mount Hiei once every six months, enter the administrative offices and use his staff
to pulverize one shoji screen before he turned and descended back down the mountain. The prefectural police were unwilling to prosecute Sensei because they knew all too well how he would relish a scandalous trial and all the attendant publicity, so they stubbornly refused to resolve the matter. (However, once or twice a year the authorities would suddenly chase after him, slap him to the ground and curse at him. This somehow seemed fair to Sensei who, when he reflected on the whole matter, seemed more amused than offended.)

*

The Odessa Juggernaut

Return to Table of Contents

Oh how vain is my attempt to frantically glue together the crumbling fabric of my patchwork relationships. The Juggernaut of my failing relationships rolls on. One could say it was started in motion by my bad decisions and my perennial personality disorders, but that would be to evade the central question. Whether the circumstances were set in motion by me or a million other factors too intricate for me to trace, the outcome cannot be altered by an arrogant act of will. Time is not only erasing the qualities I used to begin relationships with, but it is also erasing the culture I knew how to have relationships in. And so whether or not I repent, see the light, or change for the better, my doings and failures to do, are on the same sixteen-wheeled platform rumbling into anonymity.

I could risk my life and throw my body in front of the Juggernaut, but could my frail, aging form really slow down such a giant as it marches with the force of a thousand men? If my critics say pride is one of my damnable features, they would have to admit that I have put it aside for a second here to admit I am powerless over the forces that control you and the forces that control others. And even if I could, by some trickery and genius, stop this Juggernaut, you should know there are two other vehicles beside it who will roll past and carry destiny with them to the shore of the great ocean of dissolution. Another year of therapy and another pharmacy full of drugs won’t bring me my mothers back; and the family historians, were they not in hiding, would tell me, “You wouldn’t want them back even if you could have them back.” And so I could no more reconcile with them than I could with a fire that had swept away my village. Both the village and the fire are gone. No matter what your psychologist tells you, there is no party on earth with whom you can negotiate, since there’s no one on earth who has the authority or the power to even negotiate for themselves. And so the Juggernaut rolls on as the monks, laymen and government officials wail out the names of God.

You should know that nothing ever happened. All was always quiescent. It just never looked that way, except for the fleeting moments that the contracted self became unwound and saw, at once, every piece on the chessboard moving in perfect harmony, a harmony you are mostly forbidden from knowing anything about. It was deemed that the human creature would be the one with the unnatural fear, forever fleeing from its own imaginary self, the self which thinks it knows the simultaneous origin and end of all things, the self which judges its own suffering as a cosmic miscarriage of justice, the self that imagines it could ever know justice or teach it. The unblinking eye of eternity stares at your painted face. It watches as you plead for love and understanding and tolerance. It neither judges you nor the ones you judge. And while it protects you from nothing you could name, it nonetheless protects you, although the protection it offers couldn’t even be appreciated by us were we to hear a description of it.

Not only did nothing ever happen, but nothing ever will. You are invited to pull the Juggernaut too. The more hands the better. Pull! Pull! Pull! Scroll, if you must, past the sermons of a billion theologians and politicians and activists. The only thing I think I know is that almost everyone feels like they need to be fed. Do me a favor and please feed everyone who shows up to Puri. The King of Odessa is coming out on a palanquin. The whole thing about slaves and princes is over. Everything we ever said was said in a billion previous universes, only way more eloquently. The argument I was about to have with you was based on the idea a reformed version of you would be any more likable than the reprobate I’ve always known. Again, I say, nothing ever happened. All is quiescent. Roll on! The Juggernaut cannot be stopped. Perhaps the psychiatrist’s only real job is to keep the patient company as he disintegrates. After all, the patient, in all his guises, is seeking the cure to impermanence, painting the idea of permanence on his family, friends and lovers, as if they could really help him pull of his scheme to preserve the world intact forever.

*

The Problem of The Precepts

Return to Table of Contents

I asked Sensei how I might better follow The Precepts.

Sensei said, “There are no Precepts whatsoever.”

*

I told Sensei, “Unless you let me take The Precepts, I can’t become a monk.”

A few days later Sensei produced a certificate of monkhood for me.

*

I asked Sensei, “Does not automatic conferral of monkhood go against the rules of our lineage?”

Sensei said, “There are no lineages whatsoever.”

*

I asked Sensei, “But does not our lineage trace all the way back to Shakyamuni Buddha himself?”

Sensei said, “There never was such a person named Shakyamuni Buddha.”

*

I aksed Sensei, “If The Buddha, The Dharma and The Sangha are not real, then what are the foundations of our religion?”

Sensei said, “Ours is the one faith that is finally liberated from all foundations. Foundations are the cause of all human suffering. Free yourself from them, and you shall be greater than any of the so-called Buddhas ever were.”

*

A Short Holiday Play

Return to Table of Contents

Son: Dad, could we talk for a minute?

Dad: Sure Son. What is it?

Son: How much will your portfolio be worth by 2018?

Dad: Well, it fluctuates, depending on market conditions. At any given time, it’s somewhere between two and three million. Why?

Son: Well, you know, Christmas will be coming, right?

Dad: Of course.

Son: So, did you ever think how creepy I must feel having to go buy a guy with a multimillion-dollar portfolio a ten-dollar knickknack thingy? Do you realize how awkward everyone feels when you open a gift like that? It’s perfectly surreal.

Dad: I’m glad you mentioned that, because that always struck me as odd, but I was under the impression Mom really believes in the Christmas ritual, so I went along with it mostly for her. To be honest, Son, I love you whether or not you stretch your barista job money to buy me some cringeworthy card from CVS along with some badly-decorated shot glass sets from Target. And anyway, I never even asked Mom if she cares or not. It just felt like too touchy of a subject to mention.

Son: Could you please tell Mom then, because I’m really burning out on this whole song and dance.

Dad: Well, I’ll tell you what. How about this: What if I sneak you about eight or nine hundred dollars so you could buy everyone in the family something that doesn’t look like crap. It’s the least I could do for you?

Son: But dad, that’s just you buying yourself a gift, so that’s totally fake!

Dad: Yeah, I have to admit, now that I look at it, this whole gift-exchange thing comes off as a pathetically desperate way to prop up this ceremonial Christmas misery on a seemingly eternal basis. We really ought to resolve to stop saving this almost-dead thing from the final killing-off it so richly deserves. And you know what?

Son: What dad?

Dad: Did I ever mention how shitty it feels to buy you a $500 winter coat each year only for it to get stuffed to the back of the closet while you wear black leather everywhere even though it’s snowing?

Son: Yo, Dad, I never really thought about that, but now that you mention it, that just sucks. Plus, anyway, me and my girlfriend only get off on wearing thrift store clothes that we can convert into a kind of death-metal / goth-rap-dance thing. So, right on. Screw those $500 coats. You know, not even Mom wears those way-out things you buy her either. What the hell?

Dad: Honey! Get in here.

Mother: What is it darling?

Dad: Our son is getting sick of this whole Christmas charade. Here he is trying to be a minimalist punker, or whatever the hell the thing is, and here we are buying up $2,000 worth of Land's End things for everyone; and you don’t even wear those fifteen-hundred-dollar mink stoles I’ve been buying you more than once a year.

Mother: You know, if we blew off this Christmas thing, then I wouldn’t have to put up with your parents dominating our whole house for a week. And your mom and dad don’t even like me. Couldn’t we just meet them for dinner and all get drunk and pretend to like each other while sloshed on port? Heck, we could even pay for their Uber ride home and bundle them away in a nice hotel room in the City, anything to get them off our backs.

Dad: Okay, let me get our daughter in here.

Daughter: No need to call, dad. I’ve been listening from my room. My door’s been open the whole time. Tell mom just to up my allowance for the year so I can shop for myself. She has bad taste in clothes. You have no idea how embarrassing it is.

Son: You know, I’ve been an Atheist up until now, but I think the way this is all turning out is starting to make me believe there might really be a God.

*

Popular Buddhist Authority Meets Monk On Meds

Return to Table of Contents

Popular Buddhist Authority went to go see Monk On Meds in an effort to save him from his fears. Monk On Meds decided to invite all of his most anxiety-ridden students to the occasion. Popular Buddhist Authority sent a letter in advance of his appearance which Monk On Meds read to all of his students about an hour before his interlocutor was to arrive. The letter said the following:

“How very shocking that you’ve still not overcome the most basic fears that plague humanity. It is rumored that you still tremble in fear each evening and can only relax after a heavy dose of sedatives or a bottle of wine. I am told by those who know you that you fear the possibility of death, the idea of losing your worldly income, the probability of eventual disability and illness, the specter of ending up without secure housing and at last perishing friendless and alone. By now you should have developed some maturity and have conquered these childish worries. Had you taken your Bodhisattva Vows seriously, I would not need to come there and goad you to abandon this pitiful state of weakness that you choose to cling to. Upon my arrival, I shall proceed to demonstrate what true fearlessness is and set you straight once and for all. Since it’s your style to make an egotistical public spectacle of everything, I imagine our meeting will not take place without an audience. Very well, then. The others present shall also be set straight and be made to heed my demand that they become men and women of unparalleled bravery.”

After Monk On Meds read this most muscular and commanding letter, one of the students asked if he felt Popular Buddhist Authority might really be a truly enlightened one who had conquered all fears and attained bodhi mind.

To the seeker’s surprise, Monk On Meds said, “I believe I know this gentleman’s weakness and plan to expose him as a person with a most critical shortcoming that precludes him being the sort of fellow he claims to be.”

The students were stunned to hear this, knowing that Monk On Meds was about the most failed specimen of Those Seeking Serenity that they had ever seen. For the life of them, knowing what they already knew about Popular Buddhist Authority, they could not imagine what their nearly-hysterical teacher could have over this reputedly unflappable leader.

Surely enough, Popular Buddhist Authority arrived and gave a one-hour talk highlighting familiarly-trodden ground, covering such topics as the giving up of all desires, the cessation of bodily clinging, the abandonment of worldly graspings, and total peace in the face of mortality and the loss of physical faculties. He, in short, demanded that everyone there turn their backs on their sheltered lives and dedicate themselves to the selfless service of humanity, brushing aside all temptations for petty love affairs and surrendering all attachments to the fawning affections of deluded worldlings. And, at last, in a seemingly angry tone, he shared his exasperation with the undisciplined mediocrity this group was known for; and he assured them there was simply no excuse for their indulging in such excessive cowardice; and he simply demanded that they repent of their tepid style of urban narcissism which they were passing off as a serious practice.

At the conclusion of the speech, everyone gave a polite applause as Monk On Meds came to the front of the room to shake hands with Popular Buddhist Authority and to thank him for his participation that day.

Before Popular Buddhist Authority could leave the room, Monk On Meds said to everyone there, “I again thank this brave man for challenging us to be with him as he exhibited a most manly and praiseworthy form of bravery. And now I think it’s only fair that he remain with us for another hour as we engage in our practice of The Full Acceptance of Fear. I hope he won’t be afraid to join us for the proceedings.”

Popular Buddhist Authority seemed to be attempting to come up with a pretext to excuse himself, but Monk On Meds pressed him further: “It’s okay if you are afraid of such an exercise. Indeed, most people are, so, if you wish to excuse yourself, we won’t hold it against you.”

Very apprehensively, Popular Buddhist Authority assented to remain for the duration of the next hour. He watched as each of the students came to the front of the room and gave a short talk about the fears that they had been unable to attain victory over. And as they revealed precisely which relationships, occupations and twists of fate held them in the grip of almost unbearable anxiety, Popular Buddhist Authority got more and more restless and found it hard to remain comfortably in his seat. Eventually a woman got up and began to share several short anecdotes of times in her life when panic overcame her and she lost her composure entirely, making a fool of herself on many extremely awkward occasions.

Suddenly Popular Buddhist Authority made some incoherent statement about feeling ill and needing to get to his car immediately, and he more or less bolted from the room without even properly saying goodbye or wishing everyone well. The whole thing came off as rather strange and disturbing. For a while the room was silent as people looked over at the door through which Popular Buddhist Authority had suddenly left them. A few disgruntled whispers could be heard throughout the room. The women who had been speaking, unsure of what to do, stopped her short presentation and took a seat.

Monk On Meds reoccupied the front of the room and said, “Does anyone have any questions before we adjourn the meeting?”

“Yeah,” said one student who stood up after being called on. “Why did our main speaker just desert us like that? I feel rather offended.”

“Ah yes,” said Monk On Meds. “Well, you will please forgive our speaker for leaving the meeting in such an untimely manner, but, you see, as I promised, his main weakness was exposed so that you would not delude yourselves into believing that Popular Buddhist Authority had attained any more enlightenment than any of us here.”

“Right!” said another student. “Frankly, it seems, after all that chest thumping, he turned out to be more afraid than any of us.”

“Indeed he is,” agreed Monk On Meds. “While Popular Buddhist Authority may have some kind of attainment in the conquering of the fear of death, poverty, disease and loneliness, there is one fear he has finally not come to grips with at all. It is his fear of intimacy. It turns out, in the end, it’s his fear of your fear that is his undoing. He is, alas, like the rest of us, a coward after all. But we have one advantage over him. In this practice we are not afraid of each others’ fears. If one is ever to attain Intimacy and Naturalness, that’s actually the first fear one should learn to practice with.”

*

The Circumstances Regarding Sensei’s Eventual Retirement

Return to Table of Contents

Through a dramatic series of misunderstandings and confused communication, Sensei was again promoted to Abbot of a medium-sized Sangha in Northern Japan. This promotion was effected although Sensei had been living in Los Angeles so long that he could hardly remember any of his already-weakened Japanese language skills and although he was on the verge of retirement because his congregation had largely lost interest in him and viewed his religious practice as almost pathetic.

Because the congregation in Los Angeles had all but dismissed him by giving him the title “emeritus,” and because the tiny stipend for such a symbolic position was not nearly enough to live off of, he was forced to surrender his life in California and make the move to Hokkaido.

When he arrived in Japan, he was informed that he was replacing a long heredity line of ministers who oversaw the temple as a simple matter of employment, even though they themselves had no personal belief in their duties. Their family’s succession to the Abbot’s position ended when the last child in the lineage refused to continue the family’s traditional vocation, citing, as his reason for refusing the post, total disinterest in anything remotely Buddhist in nature.

The congregation in Hokkaido had ceased listening to the formulaic and stiffly-delivered homilies each week, since they were, after all, being delivered by non-believers. Due to such conditions, everyone present at the temple was merely going through the motions and felt little zeal for their own spiritual lives. Because leaving their traditional home temple was regarded as treasonous by the local community, the congregants simply endured membership there and had little hope for any kind of spiritual renewal.

When Sensei arrived, he delivered his weekly talks in a fumbling and minimalistic sort of Japanese dialect which contained countless mispronunciations. However, these mispronunciations were often the equivalents of other words in Japanese, and, as a result, the “dharma talks” came off as hilarious. Because Sensei viewed his entire situation as absurd, he deliberately threw absurdism into his speeches, causing even more laughter and more comedy-oriented curiosity about him.

As this series of events continued to unfurl, the formerly dreary congregation came to life. Although their renewed interest in the temple was not exactly spiritual and was more related to the fact that they enjoyed Sensei’s particular form of “entertainment,” still the number of onlookers increased each week as did the total amount of donations coming in to the temple. Within two years the temple was unable to accommodate the number of people who wished to attend, and the otherwise nearly-sleeping Board of Directors was forced out of their slumber and felt obliged to arrange for the building of a massive, megachurch-style facility.

Sensei could not really handle the stress of all this activity going on around him, and so he began promoting the feistiest and most eccentric congregants to the position of “Dharma Speaker.” After a while, this batch of spiritual comedians slowly took over almost all of the regular speaking duties, delivering sermons, in rotation, seven nights a week. And the temple, formerly locked most of the time, was open daily.

Because of his compassion for the membership of the temple, Sensei appointed serious administrators to manage what were becoming considerable treasury resources. These highly-competent men and women, in contrast to the long parade of jokers he had delivering sermons, were extremely serious and pious sorts who would not allow the least bit of corruption. And while they disapproved of the horde of “Dharma Speakers” Sensei had appointed, they would not forsake their solemn dedication to their administrative work.

Having little paperwork to do, and having only one sermon a week to deliver, and being frankly unenthused about the sutras, he had few duties. His job came down to sitting Za Zen a couple of times a week, mumbling through a few chanting sessions and dressing himself in ceremonial garb for major festivities, during which he merely sat and smirked benevolently as others hustled about carrying out the details of the events.

He dealt with the matter of how much time he had on his hands by having one of his most loyal and unquestioning assistants attend his sake and tea bar which was installed in his office over the administrators’ objections. (The bar was paid for by an anonymous donor and cost the temple no money.) This attendant acted as a formal host as Sensei invited virtually every dignitary from a hundred miles around into his office. Although Sensei had no inherent interest in what these folks had to say, he was able to listen attentively and evince a warm and loving aspect due to the alternating effects of caffeine and alcohol surging through his veins, not to mention the continual state of sugar-high he induced by consuming boxes of imported fortune cookies from a factory in Chinatown in San Francisco.

At night the geisha came to entertain him, however, much to everyone’s surprise, he never attempted to seduce these gorgeous, clever and amusing young women. Many of the more ribald church elders pressed him on this point and were somewhat disappointed he had not availed himself of this ever-present opportunity for worldly pleasure. Sensei noted that he enjoyed beauty well enough, enjoyed observing it and admiring it, but that entering into any kind of romance, however casual, constituted “way too many doings” for his taste. His existence was “complicated enough,” he argued. He protested that he was already of some advanced age, and that, “after all, a person must claim a few precious moments of peace for themselves at some point in this harrowing lifetime.”

At some point, Sensei petitioned the Board of Directors and the leaders of his sect for permission to finally retire with a modest pension. After many objections and sorrowful lamentations, the sect and the congregation wished Sensei a happy retirement and gave him a grand sending off so that he might retire in downtown Los Angeles and live a nearly anonymous life.

When he arrived back home in Los Angeles, he was able to secure a rent-controlled, subsidized senior’s apartment not far from Wilshire and Western. He then spent his time aimlessly wandering into synagogues, churches and temples, never agreeing to join any religion and never letting on to what his real beliefs were; and anyway, his beliefs changed daily, so it would be of no solace to those who knew him for him to attempt to thoroughly explain himself.

He took up residence daily in a large café, continually pestering the clerks for free drinks and discounts on pastries. This particular establishment was often host to many circles of gangsters, prostitutes, welfare malingerers and other discredited or antisocial types. Sensei spoke with all of them for hours each day. He never judged them or proposed that any of them reform in any way.

Twice a year his old congregation in Northern Japan would fly him out so that he might give a little talk, as he had in the old days. And Sensei often thought to himself, “Two sermons a year! Now that’s a workload I can deal with.”

*

The Third Diamond

Return to Table of Contents

Kami no Kami burst into a rival Shinto temple and all the respectable parishioners and priests simply fled the main sanctuary rather than call the police. But many of the lowlifes and hangers-on remained to see what would happen as Kami no Kami approached a kneeling worshipper in front of the main altar and said, “You will stand up this instant!”

The rather short and slender man of middling age stood up hesitantly and bowed. He seemed on the verge of trembling, as though he were deeply shaken.

Kami no Kami said impatiently, “What’s the matter with you?”

The man turned to him and said, “Reverend Sir, I am only just now fully facing the consequences of the way I have lived. It seems I am a great disappointment to my fellow countrymen.”

“In what way have you failed to live up to our national character?” pressed Kami no Kami.

The man replied, “Reverend Sir, I have lived a life of financial humiliation, sexual deviation, obsessive gambling and irreverent pride.”

Kami no Kami said, “You should get back on the floor and kneel before the gods again. Only this time, instead of weeping about your sins, you should thank them for having had the chance to really live a lively life. That’s more than can be said for most of the patsies inhabiting the back rooms of this sorry temple.”

Then Kami no Kami turned to the lowlifes and hangers-on and said, “The so-called honorable people of this temple won’t get very far in their practice. But it’s the likes of you who need to remember that you are the true keepers of The Third Diamond.”

And with that, Kami no Kami burst out of the temple doors into the radiant sunlight. He walked alone toward the center of town to visit his regular sake house. Socially conscious and politically savvy people maintained a wide distance around him so that, as he walked along, the crowd parted around him like the water does when moving around a large boulder in the middle of a small river. Because he did not need their love or approval, he attained the high state of “no social hindrances” and wandered the world as easily as a tumbleweed blows across an American desert, meeting almost no resistance, utterly unburdened by the duty to arrive at any particular destination at any particular time.

*

Shallow Pleasures

Return to Table of Contents

Kami no Kami said to me, “If you’ve ruined your life chasing after shallow pleasures, still, you ought to cherish the memories of those shallow pleasures, since, after all, you really did get to experience them. It’s a grave mistake to believe that despising your past failings will ensure future success. In both failure and success, you should enjoy telling your own life story.” (Kami no Kami also bought us some sake and sushi. He ordered me not to regret consuming them.)

*

Ask God For Anything

Return to Table of Contents

Kami no Kami said: “Ask God for anything!”

A person in the audience said, “Didn’t you mean to say we should ask God for anything as long as it’s good?”

Kami no Kami replied, “No! When I said ‘anything,’ I meant anything.”

Upon hearing this, the students left the temple somewhat disconcerted.

*

Imperfect People

Return to Table of Contents

Brahmá appeared to a failed practitioner of the Law of Attraction who was unable to find true love and said: “It is for your own good that every spiritual law must fail frequently. Were any spiritual law to become too reliable, you would use it to try to perfect yourself and the universe. My ancient command has been that you should all be imperfect people in an imperfect universe. If you had truly accepted this, you would have already found the true love you are seeking.”

*

Paperwork

Return to Table of Contents

Daily Diligence was at his desk slaving away in misery, however, he had some bragging rights. He got more paperwork done than any of his coworkers. Even so, he never got more than half his stack of paperwork completed. (The others were so hopelessly behind that they had begun sneaking paperwork into trash cans, tossing letters into the furnace and stuffing folders deep into the farthest end of the storage room.)

Daily Diligence worked along side a group of artists and scribes collectively known as The Lounge Abouts. The Lounge Abouts were beset with guilt and anxiety and were generally looked upon by the religious and secular authorities as utterly shameless. However, a plague had come through the province three years ago and had killed off all of the best artists and scribes, with the exception of Daily Diligence. The religious and secular authorities were casting about for more professional workers, hoping to import them from other provinces, but, as things stood, recruiting was coming along so slowly that it was practically at a standstill, and so The Lounge Abouts would have to do for the time being.

The Lounge Abouts had no ordinary access to commonly-defined happiness and were treated as losers who were merely being tolerated, for the time being, with the full understanding that they were to be ruthlessly tossed aside when “the really real” workers became available. But it was also interesting to note that Daily Diligence wasn’t any happier than The Lounge Abouts, since, after all, his stack of paperwork was only ever half-done in spite of his fast-paced, high-quality labors. In short, they were all somewhat miserable, and, oddly, Daily Diligence was the most unhappy of them all, since he was convinced that he ought to, one fine day, really catch up with all the paperwork that landed on his desk. He also lived in a state of continual disgust regarding The Lounge Abouts, since, as the fates had it, they were paid about 80% of what he was, in spite of their work being glacially slow and deeply inferior.

Daily Diligence ate alone in the dining area while The Lounge Abouts ate and drank robustly together at a large table across the room. The Lounge Abouts were a social lot, and so, liking each other well enough, they often went out after work to drink more sake and see if they could perhaps win over some fair women, or even, if the chance presented itself, run off with women of “ill repute.” (So called “women of ill repute” never had a bad reputation among The Lounge Abouts, but Daily Diligence highly disapproved of such ladies.)

Daily Diligence had a quick wit and a well-kept appearance and therefore seemed to be letting his social capital go to waste. Many of his coworkers felt sorry for him because he seemed to spend almost all of his time alone when, seemingly, with a little effort, he ought to be able to become quite popular. But his loneliness was really caused by his feeling of superiority and his unwillingness to socialize with those whom he believed were beneath his dignity. For some time, many of The Lounge Abouts got their feelings hurt because Daily Diligence coldly refused their invitations to socialize, but eventually they accepted his rejection of them and carried on anyhow.

One strange day as The Lounge Abouts were trudging from village to village on their day off (looking for any “action” that could be had along the usually-depressing and somewhat sparsely-populated roads of their province) they noticed Daily Diligence coming toward them. They knew not to bother to greet him because he would be unlikely to acknowledge them in any but the most formal and official way. But to their surprise, Daily Diligence rushed up to them.

“Gentlemen, gentlemen!” he exclaimed as he eagerly shook each of their hands and grinned generously at the group. “How is your outing today? Have there been any good deals to be had on food, wine or women?”

One of the taller and more outgoing of The Lounge Abouts, a fellow known as Master Shirker, after staring a bit in shock, replied slowly, “What has gotten into you? You must understand our surprise, as this way of speaking is quite out-of-character for you.”

“Never mind the past, gentlemen,” assured Daily Diligence, “I’ve had a vision from Brahmá!”

Another of The Lounge Abouts inquired, “What? Did he show you the oneness of all things or the non-dual nature of reality?”

“No, no,” replied Daily Diligence, as he shook his head. “It was a far greater realization than the mere oneness of all things. That kind of realization can be had through any guru in the marketplace. Books about the oneness of all things can even be scrounged from the trash dumps. No, no. This is bigger and more liberating than that.”

Now The Lounge Abouts were at full attention and their ears were perked. Like everyone from that province, they’d been drenched in every kind of Buddhist and Hindu teaching. It had been a while since they seriously thought they’d hear something new; but they were of a mind to hear Daily Diligence out, given the obvious transformation of his character.

“What exactly, then, did you realize?” pressed the youngest and newest of The Lounge Abouts known as Indolent Parasite.

“Gentlemen,” announced Daily Diligence. “The sum total of the realization was this: Brahmá took me one thousand years into the future, to show me what I’d be like more than a dozen incarnations later.”

The “least worthy” of the clerks, the notorious Impudent Laggard, stepped forward and, putting his hands on Daily Diligence’s shoulders and looking earnestly into his face, inquired, “And what did you find out about yourself that would liberate you to this great degree?”

“Brahmá,” said Daily Diligence, “showed me for certain that no matter how many lifetimes I spend as an artist and a scribe, I will never catch up with my paperwork.”

*

The Final Liberation

Return to Table of Contents

Sensei noted that while there is some small liberation to be had when you stop looking to others to solve your own problems, the final liberation can only be attained when you stop looking to yourself to solve you own problems.

*
