Watch Your Back


By William V Weeks

Smashwords Edition

Copyright 2016

Revised 2020


This eBook is for your personal for your own enjoyment only. You may not re-sell or give this book away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another individual, please buy an additional copy for each recipient. If you're reading this book and did not buy it, or not purchased for your use only, then please return to www.Smashwords.com and buy your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


This book is a work of fiction, and any resemblance to persons, living or dead, or places, events, or locales are purely coincidental. The characters are productions of the author’s imagination and used fictitiously.





Chapter 1


My father’s voice startled me, though I hadn’t fallen asleep. When he called my name a second time, I slipped from our bed, trying not to disturb Abigail, and grabbed my sword while surveying our home. A full moon provided enough light for me to see a shadow moving from our door, attempting to circle behind me. I moved to cut him off and raised my weapon. I swung, and something crashed, the shadow disappeared, and I glanced around, looking for another infiltrator. Another sound. I turned, and my wife screamed as our house filled with light, “What are you doing, Tallis? You almost killed me.”
I dropped my sword and stared at my bare feet. This isn’t going well. Where’s the body? I shook my head, “Father called my name. Then I spotted movement…,” My face flushed as I glanced at my wife. She wasn’t smiling.
“Coridan died three years ago, Tallis. I don’t understand how you still hear his voice.”
What do I tell her? She’s right, and we both realize he calls my name each anniversary of his death. I studied my wife as she surveyed our surroundings, hands placed on her hips. Abigail found one of our chairs lying in pieces. I better visit Moss later today. This won’t be his first visit to our home. She spoke, but I cut her off, “I know. I’ll visit the carpenter when I return from Tiberias.”
Abigail stared at me. I hate when she does this, “You need to speak with our rabbi, Tallis. Kiva can help you work through whatever dreams you’re experiencing regarding your father’s death.”
“You say this every year.”
My wife glared at me, “Perhaps you’ll listen to me for once.”
I wish I’d kept my mouth shut. I grabbed my sword, walked toward my uniform, lying on a footstool near our courtyard door, and dressed.
“Where are you going, Tallis? Sunrise is over an hour away.”
I walked over and kissed my wife’s cheek, “I’ll patrol Hammath’s streets while I ponder what you said.” I picked up a fish fillet, two small bread loaves, and four figs from our table. It’s a long time until my next meal.
Closing and securing our courtyard entrance, I walked in silence toward Galilee’s largest lake, trying to stay unnoticed and not trip on the ancient cobblestones beneath my feet. I paused at the bathhouse, known for generations for their healing powers. Hammath, a walled town, lies two miles south of Herod’s capital city, built in honor of Caesar Tiberias. I’m surprised our village still stands. Our family moved here seven years ago when Antipas transferred his government from Sepphoris. Mother refused to live in a city built on top of her ancestors’ graves, claiming those bones made the ground unclean. Father agreed, wanting to please his wife. When I married Abigail, she had similar concerns. Thus my troops and I march to Tiberias and return daily and to patrol the highway between both communities. Each time an earthquake occurs, I fear Hammath’s walls will tumble and turn to rubble.
As I looked south, several local fishermen rowed toward their favorite fishing spots. For now, all remained quiet. It’s hard to realize Hammath once served as a major economic center. Still, Herod paid many of our citizens to populate Tiberias, and our community’s economy tumbled, leaving their homes to deteriorate. Today, fewer than 200 souls remain, not including the homeless who congregate in our marketplace each morning, hoping someone provides them with a morsel to sustain them for another day. This could be a glorious day.
I continued on, pausing at Hammath’s south gate. Nobody in sight, but I didn’t expect to find anyone else outdoors before sunrise, so I’ll head to our marketplace and wait for my colleagues before marching to Tiberias. Maybe Kaleb will tell me he’s adding two more soldiers to my Conturbenium.
Blue skies crept over the Bashan as a light breeze floated through our north gate. This morning I sat on the stoop in front of a nearby shop. The highway from Tiberias remained empty, and calmness filled my soul. I closed my eyes and leaned back, hoping I didn’t fall asleep, as my shoulders and back relaxed. Twelve-hour-days, seven days per week, gets old fast, and I wish my father was with me today. I miss him.
My body jerked when I heard sounds of approaching footsteps, and I saw movement out of the corner of my eye. I reach for my short-sword but relax when I recognize Bazak walking toward me. I signed as I stood. “What brings you here this early, my friend?”
He smiled, “Couldn’t sleep. What about you, Tallis?”
“You know…”
“Coridan called your name again, didn’t he?”
I nodded, “At least I only killed one chair this time.” My face flushed. I’m lucky. Bazak understands my predicament and went to Tiberias with me for support.
Bazak nodded, “It takes time to get over a tremendous loss. I feel for you, my friend, but if you’ll excuse me, I’ll check on our colleagues. They should be on patrol by now.”
By the time Bazak and his seven colleagues returned, sunlight covered the valley floor. I stood when I saw them approach, and many of our local merchants also arrived, preparing to open their businesses. Minutes later, the homeless and needy filled the courtyard. It breaks my heart to see so many people struggling to exist. I addressed my troops, “I want you to look around. Every morning I notice more people hoping for someone more fortunate to help them.” I gestured toward those sitting against various buildings surrounding our location, “Take some time today and think of ways we can help some of these folks. God knows we have enough empty places in town to house our homeless. Okay, I’ve talked enough. Fall-in. We don’t want to arrive late for today’s training session.”
I paused, waiting for my troops to form two lines, and spotted an old man stumbling along the roadway, dressed in rags, barefoot, searching for a few crumbs to eat. I studied the fellow, wrinkled skin, bald, and wearing tatters that could disintegrate with his next step. I walked toward him, “Take these. You need them more than me. Enjoy the fish, bread, and figs.” The man looked up and smiled before I retraced my steps. I waved to my soldiers, “Time to go, move out.”
As we marched to Tiberias, I heard someone running, and a fellow bumped into my shoulder as he sprinted past, on his way north. “You! Stop… Where did he come from, Bazak? I didn’t see the lad until he ran into me.”
“He entered the marketplace from the south, sir.”
“I don’t recognize him, but he’s dressed too well for someone living in Hammath, don’t you think?”
“I may know the fellow. His name is Dan. If it’s him, he lives alone in the southeastern part of town, near the lake.”
“Find out what he’s up to. Did you spot anything unusual when on patrol this morning?”
Bazak shook his head, “No one reported seeing anything suspicious. I’ll check with his neighbors later today. Other than our local fishermen heading to the lake, Hammath remains peaceful, Tallis.”
“Thanks for your report. Let’s go.” I wonder what Dan is up to this morning? I find his behavior troubling.
Forty minutes later, we entered Herod’s fortress through the south gate. The Tetrarch’s capital city serves as a showcase for the entire Galilean Province. Whitewashed buildings sparkle in the morning sun, with bright red tile rooftops. Homes and other structures received regular cleanings, as do the cobblestone roadways. If Caesar Tiberias visited this community, he’d marvel at its magnificence along with the view of the lake, also bearing his name. The entire city glistens, unlike Hammath. Basalt was the material used to build every structure and the village walls. Today, I hate the color gray, and I vow to paint my front door a bright color one day.
I directed my soldiers to report for training while I entered the administration building to meet with my Centurion and fellow Decanuses under Kaleb’s command. Today, despite leaving earlier than usual, I arrived last and sat on an empty stool nearest the conference room door. Seconds later, we all leaped to attention when Kaleb entered, “Sit down, gentlemen. Good morning.”
Our Centurion glanced at each Decanus, making eye contact with everyone, “We’ll keep today’s meeting short.” Kaleb paced, hands clasped behind his back, “Our Commander met with me moments ago. Nikolaos shared some news I found disturbing. A report arrived from Sepphoris last night. You and your troops need to prepare for increased Zealot activity in your assigned areas.” Some of my colleagues grumbled, “Calm down. This may be only a rumor. I acknowledge this part of Galilee hasn’t experienced trouble for years, with the lone exception of Coridan’s murder.” Kaleb glanced at me before continuing, “So, let me remind everyone, don’t work or travel alone. Our enemies would like nothing better than to kill us on sight.” My Centurion paused, took three steps, and stood in front of me, staring, “Work in pairs and watch your backs at all times. No exceptions.”
A colleague stood to speak, but Kaleb cut him off, “Sit down, Markus. I didn’t give you permission to talk, and I’m not ready to answer questions. This morning, I am giving everyone a new order. Every Conturbenium will remain on duty from sunrise until the second-night watch ends. Everyone also works on the Sabbath. No exceptions without permission.”
Kaleb turned and glared at Markus, “Now, what is it you want to ask, soldier?”
Markus rose to his feet, “When do we rest, sir? Eighteen-hour-days, with no time off, will reduce our effectiveness within a week.”
Our Centurion barked at his Decanus, “Figure it out, you’re a smart man. You lead ten men.”
I hesitated but raised my hand to speak. Kaleb turned back toward me, “What do you want, Tallis?”
I stood, “Sir, my Conturbenium remains under-staffed by two soldiers.”
“I’m aware of your situation, and after our meeting, I’ll introduce you to your new troops. Nikolaos hand-picked them. I trust they will perform their duties well. Now, let me remind you, everything I shared with you is nothing more than a rumor but remain alert at all times. We don’t want to invite trouble.” Kaleb smiled at all of us, “Everyone but Tallis, gather your men and return to your assigned areas. Dismissed.”
Kaleb waited for everyone to leave before sitting next to me, resting his hands on the table, tapping his fingers without taking his eyes off mine. I’m not sure I want to find out what’s coming. My legs twitched, and I grasped my knees, hoping they’d stop, and Kaleb didn’t notice my nervousness.
My Centurion took a deep breath, “Tallis, before we meet your new soldiers, I want to tell you how sorry I am you lost your father. You’ve heard those words before, but Coridan was my mentor. I try to live up to his legacy every day. I can’t imagine how your dear mother feels. It’s hard to believe he died three years ago last night.”
I glanced away, “I miss my father too, sir. I remember how he brought me to the fortress when we lived in Sepphoris, and here in Tiberias, after Herod transferred his government here. Over time, I spent many days inside these walls growing up and as a soldier. He was my hero, but I couldn’t help him when he needed me most.” I tried to smile, “To this day, I miss him.”
Kaleb smiled at me, “Everyone misses Coridan, Tallis. Your father was my friend. I treasured his compassion and for allowing me to learn from him. Coridan was an exceptional leader like you will develop into one day. You can hold your head high, knowing he loved you. Since his death, you’ve become my best Decanus, and I’m proud of you.”
“Thank you, sir. I appreciate your kind words.”
Kaleb reached over and pattern my shoulder, “Now, let's discuss how we can protect Hammath. I’m confident you and your troops can handle the assignment, and today, your Conturbenium will gain two soldiers. This will increase your squad to ten, like the others under my command. This is the best I can do. I understand you asked for more men months ago, and I’m sorry it took so long to honor your request.”
“We’ll do our best, sir, but may I ask a question?”
“I’m confident you and your men will, Tallis, but tell me, what’s on your mind?”
“Your orders to patrol from sunrise to midnight concerns me. We need rest, and six hours isn’t enough time to maintain our strength to perform our duties as expected.” When Kaleb didn’t respond, I continued, “What if I allow my men to rest during the afternoon, and report again at sunset?”
Kaleb tapped his fingers, “Do what you think’s best. You know Hammath, and your village hasn’t had problems in years. Remember, though, if something happens, the consequences rest on your shoulders.” Kaleb stood, stepped into the hallway, looked both directions, and returned, closing the door behind him. “I have something else to share, Tallis. Please keep my comments private… I plan to retire soon.”
His comment shocked me, “Why are you telling me this, sir?”
“Like I said, you are my best Decanus. People respect you, and you work well under pressure. When I retire, I plan to recommend you fill my position. I remember you wish to follow in your father’s footsteps and become a Centurion. He taught you well, and you have the skills to do the job.”
I couldn’t help but smile, “It’s been my dream to follow in my father’s footsteps, sir. But I doubt Herod or his advisors will select me because of my Jewish heritage.”
Kaleb’s head snapped back, “The Tetrarch and his officials see you as they did your father, Greek. You have Coridan’s height, blue eyes, blond hair, and light skin. Plus, you’re tall and tower over everyone. You hold your head high, with pride, and you act Greek, unlike your brothers or mother.”
“Do you know of any officers with Jewish relatives like me? I don’t. Will our Jewish soldiers turn on us if we experienced a major uprising, and they had to fight against their fellow countrymen? Several troops turned and joined some Zealots during a skirmish north of Hannathon before my father died.”
Kaleb frowned, “Please don’t share our discussion with anyone, Tallis, but Herod prefers to recruit potential soldiers based upon recommendations from friends or family. Like Coridan did for you. Antipas tries to enlist men with different nationalities and with previous military service when possible.”
“And we don’t have enough troops to perform our duties well, do we?”
The Centurion stood and glared at me, “Hold your tongue, Tallis. These walls can hear. I don’t want my superiors thinking I’m a traitor. Let’s go meet your new soldiers.”
As we walked, I asked my superior to give me some background information regarding my two newest men. Kaleb didn’t have much to tell, saying, “The only met when Nikolaos introduced them, but both completed basic training. In fact, our Commander assigned the pair to your Conturbenium, rather than leaving the decision to me. I’ve been pressuring him to increase the size of your squad for months.”
In the distance, I spotted my soldiers standing with two fellows I didn’t recognize. Everyone snapped to attention when they noticed our approach, and Kaleb spoke, “I see you’ve met your new comrades, Bazak. Please introduce them to your Decanus.”
Following the introductions of Acaph and Mered, I ordered everyone into formation. As they did, I whispered my Centurion, “How did these two pass their training sessions?” Both men have severe weight problems.
Kaleb rolled his eyes, ignoring my smile, “Nikolaos selected these two to serve under your leadership. He didn’t say why, and I don’t question my superiors. If you’re not happy with their performance, whip them into shape.”
I nodded and ordered everyone to march, and we headed to Hammath. A half-mile south of Tiberias, we reached a place along the highway where a wadi opened from the hills on our right and flowed under the road, so water could enter the lake on our left. I raised my hand, directing my men to halt, before walking a few paces to examine the cobblestones. As I studied my surroundings, someone mumbled, and Bazak replied, “He’ll tell you if he wants to.” I later discovered Acaph asked what I was doing, but everyone else realized this was where my father died. You could still see his blood beneath my feet. I hate passing this location, and I hope I can avenge my father’s death one day.
Once we reached Hammath, I gathered my troops around me, “This morning, I received new orders from Kaleb. Today, we will remain on duty from sunrise until the second watch ends at midnight.” I studied my men’s expressions as I continued, “I realize this means working an additional six hours a day.” Acaph and Mered cringed as I spoke, “I don’t expect trouble, but we will perform our duties as ordered, with one exception.” I smiled at my soldiers, “Kaleb will allow me to make adjustments to our patrols, so I will allow everyone to go home and rest. We’ll meet again at sunset, but first, I want all of you to take our newcomers on a tour of our village. Then take them to their quarters and welcome them once you’ve complete your patrol. I know we all appreciate their addition to our team.
“One last thing. Before you go, I want you to prepare for a blustery night. I don’t know if you saw the approaching storm clouds covering Mount Hermon as we left Tiberias. A light breeze is blowing through our north gate as I speak, and God knows we need rain.”
I watched Bazak take charge and lead his colleagues down the first street, toward the lake and bathhouses. Acaph and Mered waddled along behind the others, sacks containing their personal belonging slung over their shoulders. So far, I’m not convinced either man will increase our effectiveness. Their demeanor doesn’t impress me. We’ll see what happens tonight, but it’s time to visit the carpenter’s shop.



Chapter 2


Less than ideal conditions met me when I arrived inside Hammath’s north gate. This afternoon’s breeze had transformed into a howling squall, bringing driving rains, strong enough to sting when it struck your flesh, and lightning. Thunder arrived seconds later. Much to my dismay, Acaph and Mered arrived late. I’ll question them after giving out our evening assignments.
Per our protocol, I assigned my troops to work in pairs for safety before giving each team a specific area of our community to patrol. “Two men will cover the streets east of the road running through our village. Simon and Bazak will cover the lakeshore.” A third team would protect the south gate and surrounding areas, and another pair would secure the streets west of our main street. “Acaph, Mered, and I will guard our marketplace and Hammath’s north gate. Questions?” Everyone nodded, “Dismissed.” I waited for my troops to disappear into the night before directing my attention to Mered and Acaph.
I pointed and directed the pair to stand under a nearby overhang inside our north gate. “You won’t get as wet, and you can still see anyone approaching our location from either direction.” Acaph and Mered ambled to their post with no sense of urgency. Why did Nikolaos assign these two to my Conturbenium? I don’t dare ask. He’d get mad and transfer them to another assignment.
I crossed the marketplace and stood in the doorway of a nearby shop situated where I can monitor my newest team members. A bolt of lightning lit the sky above us, and thunder came close to blowing out my eardrums. Wind gusts became more frequent and intensified, now powerful enough to knock a person off-balance or send them to the cobblestones. I grabbed my cape, wrapping it tight around my body, hoping to get warm. The first frost of the year may arrive by morning. No matter how far I pushed myself back against the shop’s door, I couldn’t keep dry. I fear I’m in for an arduous night.
As the evening dragged on, I listen to Acaph and Mered engaged in conversation instead of paying attention to their surroundings. This evening’s storm reduced visibility to less than twenty feet and limited their ability to listen for anyone approaching their location, making it possible for someone to attack them by surprise. I gave in and yelled, “Quit talking.” I don’t think they heard me, so I crossed the street to address the situation, “I want the two of you to save your discussion for another time. We don’t want the world to discover our Conturbenium is on patrol tonight.” Both men nodded, “Good. I’ll go check on your colleagues. Don’t allow anyone to enter Hammath unless they have legitimate business in our village. If they don’t have a valid reason to come in, send them back to Tiberias. Remain alert and make me proud and blow your horns if you run into trouble.” I walked away before they replied, wondering how these two passed their initial training. Kaleb said Nikolaos assigned them to my Conturbenium himself. Why these two? Does he hate me? I don’t trust them. I hope nothing happens tonight so we can return to our regular duty schedule. It’s my job to provide direction and guidance to my troops and help them improve their skills. I don’t know where to start with Mered and Acaph, and I must gain their trust and respect, but they need to impress me. So far, they haven’t shown me they want to serve the Tetrarch.
Powerful wind gusts pushed me along the road through town and made my cape impossible to control. My shield flapped around and kept banging against my sword. I hate working in weather like this, but so do most troublemakers. I hope the rumors Kaleb shared regarding Zealots wanting to raise havoc prove false. People are crazy to go outside tonight.
Two soldiers greeted me when I arrived at Hammath’s south gate, reporting they didn’t see anyone all night. I thanked them for their report and hurried to find Bazak and Simon somewhere near the lakeshore. I hope they found a place where they could monitor their surroundings and avoid the wind and rain. Five minutes later, I located the pair standing near the pier, watching several fishing vessels bobbing in the swells. Bazak asked me why anyone would go outside in a violent storm. I shook my head and smiled.
Returning to the north gate, I found my two neophytes shivering and swaying as they struggled to keep warm. Acaph recognized me first, “Tallis, how long do you expect us to stand out here like two wet rats? We’re freezing to death.”
I reacted, grabbed Acaph’s neck, slammed him back against the wall, and glared into his bulging eyes. His face turned red as I tightened my grip, digging my nails into his flesh. “We’ve completed half of the first watch, soldier. What did you imagine army life would be like when you enlisted? Did you expect to stand around and get paid? You took an oath to serve our Tetrarch.” I released my grip and stepped back, realizing I’d over-reacted.
“We needed the money,” Mered said, while Acaph rubbed his neck, trying to regain his composure. “There’s no future working as a laborer.”
I stared at my soldiers. He’s right, a person can starve to death if you don’t have a skill. “Are you two up to the challenge of serving in Herod’s army? We work every day, though I try to give my soldiers the Sabbath off when the area remains calm.” I hope Kaleb’s new orders won’t last too long, so my men and I can return to our usual routine. Twelve-hour days are stressful enough, “If you plan to retire with a pension, you better improve your attitudes and support your colleagues and commanding officer.” What would my late father do if he had these two in his Century? I’d love to march them to Tiberias and ask Nikolaos to transfer them to another Conturbenium. If I did, our Commander would never replace them, and my squad would remain understaffed.
As the night dragged on, the storm abated, and Hammath’s streets remained empty. When the first watch ended, the cloud canopy parted, and a full moon appeared, making everyone outside visible. Winds became sporadic, and the rain turned to drizzle as the temperature plummeted. I saw the carpenter’s shop and remembered I’d forgotten to speak with Moss. I hope Abigail didn’t tell our mothers what happened last night. Who needs three women harping at me.
Minutes into the second watch, I repeated my instructions to Mered and Acaph, “No one enters these gates without a valid reason. Remain alert and no talking.” Both men struggled to keep a straight face as Acaph rolled his eyes. I held my tongue and headed south. I hope nothing happens.
Reaching the well, I turned left and headed toward the water. As I neared the lake, I heard footsteps echoing down the street, coming from the road behind me. Before I had time to react, a horn blast ripped through the night, and I turned, retracing my steps. Seconds later, I spotted four shadows running toward our north gate, and I sprinted. I turned right at the well, and a gust of wind caught my shield and cape, causing me to lose my balance and stumble. I managed not to fall, but now I was sixty paces behind the group. I pushed myself to run faster and closed the gap. Reaching the marketplace, I screamed, “Acaph, Mered. Stop them.” They didn’t respond, and I couldn’t see them.
I grabbed my horn and blew as the runners raced out the gate, headed toward Tiberias. Another horn blast sounded somewhere near the center of Hammath, and I realized I’d never catch the men sprinting north. When I reached the gate, my soldiers weren’t around. “Mered, Acaph.” Silence. Where are they? Our intruders had disappeared. I’d realized one of the four men I chased towered over his colleagues, but I never got close enough to identify anyone. I reversed my course and raced in the direction where I thought the last horn blast came from. My deserters will have to wait.
Two blocks later, I turned left. In the distance, I found two soldiers huddled by something lying on the narrow roadway. One of my men kneeled over two bodies. I surveyed my surroundings after I joined my colleagues, struggling to catch my breath, “What happened?”
The soldier next to me responded, “We don’t know, sir. It appears Kush and Masa came under attack. They died before we arrived.”
I couldn’t take my eyes off the bodies. Both men suffered massive head wounds, as blood continued to ooze from Masa’s chest. It appeared a knife or short sword missed his breastplate with catastrophic results. I heard more footsteps, I looked around and spotted two additional squad members running toward us, as thoughts of my father’s murder filled my mind.
“What happened—Oh, my.”
I glanced at my soldier, “They’re both dead, Tam.” His companion backed away and vomited on the cobblestones, while Tam turned and used his hands to cover his face. Moments later, my troops patrolling the lakeshore arrived, “What do you know about this, Bazak?”
“We spotted five men near the bathhouses several minutes ago. They ran when they recognized us, and we lost sight of them in the darkness.”
“Why didn’t you sound the alarm?”
“Simon and I thought Kush and Masa would confront them. Besides, we couldn’t control our capes in the wind, and they ran much faster than we could when wearing our body armor, sir.”
Thanking Bazak for his report, I shared how I’d heard footsteps and chased four runners racing north. My men became agitated when I mentioned Mered and Acaph deserted their posts, allowing the runners to escape. “Bazak, I want you and Simon to retrace your steps. As you walk to the lake, check for signs of a struggle or damage, and make sure you check the door to Kush’s house.” My gut tells me this trouble began somewhere else within Hammath’s walls. I assigned another pair or soldiers to check every street between our location and the south gate. “Look for anything out of the ordinary.”
I glanced at Elrad hoping he’d regained his composure, as he used his arm to wipe his mouth, before smiling. I nodded at the man, “You’ve lived in Hammath most of your life. How do you think our killers slipped into town without us realizing they were here?”
“We know they didn’t enter Hammath through either gate unless the arrived before we came on duty at sunset, sir.”
“Do any of them live in Hammath?”
“No idea, sir. We never laid eyes on them before tonight.”
“The runners I saw can’t be too old, or they couldn’t run as long or as fast as they did when I chased them. One fellow was my height. The others were closer to yours, Elrad. I never came close enough to identify anyone.”
Elrad rubbed his beard, “I don’t know anyone in Hammath who matches your description.”
I thanked Elrad, stepped around the bodies, walked toward Kush’s house, and pushed. The door opened, and I stepped inside. A full moon provided enough light for me to find a lamp sitting on a table. I lit the wick, and the house filled with light. Everything appeared to be in order. Did Kush and Masa step inside before returning to the street when they heard the runners who attacked them? Both soldiers drew their swords. After another glance around the house, I doused the lamp, walked outside, and closed the door. How will I explain this to Kaleb?
Bazak and Simon approached, and I asked if they had seen anyone dragging a boat onto the shore. Bazak looked surprised, “I can assure you nobody entered Hammath from the lake since we came on duty, Tallis, and neither of us detected any trace of a boat mooring. I’m certain the squall we experienced tonight would have washed away all signs of footprints or vessels coming ashore. I don’t know how anyone could land with the winds we had this afternoon or evening.”
The three of us rejoined our colleagues huddled around the bodies of our comrades, “Does anyone know what happened here tonight?”
After a brief discussion, we agreed no one witnessed the attack, and I doubted any villagers bothered to venture outside to see what had happened either. I’ll check with our neighbors tomorrow. I turned as Elrad wipe his mouth again, “How are you feeling?”
My soldier nodded, “Better, sir.”
I stepped over the bodies, picked up my deceased soldier’s weapons, and wondered why the assailants didn’t take the swords with them. Tonight, I lost four members of my Conturbenium. Two died. Two deserted. Who knows where Acaph and Mered are, “Simon, go to my house. Hitch my horse to the wagon, and don’t wake my wife. If Abigail asks questions, tell her I’m bringing something home so we can transport them to Tiberias at sunrise.”
Elrad and his partner returned, reporting they didn’t see anyone outside or peering down from their rooftops. Turning to Bazak, “Go to Kush’s house, the doors unlocked. Fetch some water and bring a few linen strips. We need to clean these bodies.”
Minutes later, Bazak returned carrying three strips of linen and a water pouch, “After I help clean the bodies, Tallis, I’ll go back and secure the door.” We did our best to make our deceased friends presentable, using our limited resources. In the distance, I heard horse-hoofs echoing in the night.
After Simon returned, my soldiers and I lifted the body of Kush from the cobblestones and placed it on the hay-covered bed. Then we repeated the process and laid Masa next to his colleague. I dragged both corpses forward, so they were behind the seat. I didn’t want either man to tumble out during tomorrow’s transport to Tiberias.
Before leaving, I thanked everyone for their efforts and reminded them to meet me at sunrise. I’ll take my deceased friends to my home, wrap, and secure their bodies. In the morning, we’ll deliver them to Kaleb, and he can handle everything from there.
I climbed on to my wagon, Simon handed me the reigns as Bazak, and the others prayed, “I want each of you to go home and sleep.” I watched my men wander away before heading home. My wagon creaked and bounced along, and my memories returned. It’s been a stressful day.
After entering my courtyard, I unhitched my horse and returned her to the stall before putting oats in the troth, as a reward for helping tonight. Finding two fresh linen strips on my workbench, I used one to wrap Kush’s body and the other for Masa. A noxious aroma will fill the air by sunrise, and I hope Abigail doesn’t wake up and ask questions. I have enough explaining to do when I meet Kaleb.



Chapter 3


By sunrise, a stench hovered over my courtyard when I stepped outside and pinched my nose. Where’s a breeze when you need one? After hitching my horse to the wagon, I opened the gate. The first hint of morning filtered across the sky, and I led my mare toward our marketplace. I expect my soldiers will join me any minute.
When I arrived, my mind went wild. Two soldiers died on my watch, and Kaleb will hold me responsible. Who knows how Nikolaos will respond. Kush and Masa served their entire careers with me. Why did Acaph and Mered abandon their post?
Voices, drawing near, broke my concentration, and my soldiers approached. My troops moved into marching formation behind my wagon, and our journey north began. A few people traveling along the highway stepped to the side and allowed our procession to pass.
As we marched toward Tiberias, the sun rose over the eastern horizon, and a breeze whispered from the hilltops blowing leaves through the air. I hoped the wind would drive the smell of death away as we traveled, and I glanced over my shoulder, “Bazak, when we reach the fortress, you and your colleagues report for training. I’ll meet with Kaleb and explain what happened.”
To my surprise, I spotted my Centurion staring at me across the courtyard. I a drove closer, he walked toward me, and we met in the middle, “What’s this, Tallis?”
My heart pounded, and I felt it skip a beat. I hoped to approach Kaleb in a private setting, “Grim news, sir. Several men attacked Kush and Masa during the storm last night. We weren’t able to apprehend them because Mered and Acaph deserted. I haven’t seen either man since I checked on my other troops as the first watch ended. I secured their bodies behind me.”
Kaleb glanced at my wagon, shook his head, and sighed, “How did this happen?”
“I spotted four runners last night and chased them. Bazak and Simon claimed they’d seen five men near the lake, but they escaped.”
My Centurion shook his head as he stood, looking at me, “Hmm… How did these fellows slip into Hammath and surprise you, Tallis? I don’t understand how you let your guard down. Nikolaos won’t appreciate hearing this when I report to him.”
I’m surprised Kaleb didn’t hear my heart pounding, as I rubbed my temples, trying to prevent my headache from worsening. “No one saw what happened, sir. Bazak and Simon reported seeing five men near the lake, but like I said, they turned and ran, disappearing into the shadows. Masa and Kush sounded the alarm, and they had time to draw their swords but weren’t able to defend themselves. By the time help arrived, both died. I chased four men toward our north gate and closed the distance between us. I blew my horn and yelled, but Mered and Acaph didn’t respond. They weren’t at the gate when I arrived. They deserted us, sir. How do I handle them? I want to kill those two.”
“Don’t bother, Tallis. Acaph and Mered will become my problem. I’m sorry for your loss. Masa and Kush served you well, and Herod may find it in his heart to compensate their families. For now, take their bodies to the medical office. Someone will take care of the remains. Then report to our meeting room and explain what happened to your colleagues.”
I’d finished sharing my experience from last night before Kaleb arrived. Everyone stood as our Centurion entered and waved at us to sit down. “Tallis, I’m adding four soldiers to your Conturbenium. but, it will take a day or two before I can arrange their transfers from Sepphoris to Hammath.”
“Thank you, sir, but may I ask what you plan to do with my deserters?”
Kaleb turned and stared, “I told you before. Don’t concern yourself with Mered and Acaph. Nikolaos plans to handle their situation. I trust you explained your situation before I arrived.”
“I did, but what if we catch them? We’d love to teach them a lesson.”
“Capture them, but you and your troops can’t leave Hammath unprotected while you run around Galilee. So, sit down and stop asking questions.”
“What if they try to escape after we catch them?”
Kaleb turned, crossed the room, and stood nose-to-nose with me, staring into my eyes, “I answered your question, Tallis. Bring Acaph and Mered in alive unless your lives are in danger, but don’t create an excuse to kill them.”
“Should we pursue them if they flee, or allow them to escape?”
My Centurion reached for my neck but slammed his fist on the table instead. Everyone in the room jumped, and Kaleb leaned forward and glared into my eyes, as I tried to avoid his stare, “Quit playing games with me, Tallis. Use your best judgment. I hope you catch them. If they escape, I suggest you let them go. The goal is to bring them in alive.” Kaleb turned and pounded his fist into the palm of his other hand as he turned and walked away.
The room fell silent when I spoke, “Sir, may I ask another—”
“You’re trying my patience, soldier. We’re through discussing Acaph and Mered.”
“This doesn’t concern them, sir. I wanted to ask if you’ve heard any recent information regarding potential uprisings in our area tonight? Once the storm ended, and the clouds cleared, a full moon made staying out of sight difficult.”
Kaleb scowled while several others snickered, “I don’t understand what you’re asking me, young man. Does your inquiry focus on the weather, future uprisings, or staying out of sight?... What’s the matter, Tallis? Don’t look so surprised.”
“Sorry, sir. I didn’t mean to confuse you. The moon’s reflection off the lake made us visible with our red capes and shiny helmets last night. May we patrol tonight without wearing our uniforms? People, including anyone who might want to spy on us, can spot us wearing bright colors.”
The officer froze and rubbed his chin, “Before I answer your question, Tallis, allow me to say this. I have no more information on potential attacks or trouble in Galilee. Your incident in Hammath surprised me, as did the desertions of Mered and Acaph. As for your uniform issue, I’ll take your request under advisement.” Kaleb paced, and a few steps later, he stopped and walked back toward me, “What you’re asking me is unusual. I know the rainy season is late this year, but your uniform will keep you and your soldiers drier and warmer than the clothes you wear while performing your personal chores. They also serve as a safeguard for your body, so why not wear them? The extra protection is more important than fretting over who can recognize you in the moonlight.”
I continued to pursue my request with Kaleb, explaining how I couldn’t keep up with the runners because my body armor hindered my ability to sprint, “My shield and cape caught the wind, slowing me down.” The words were no sooner out of my mouth when Kaleb’s jaw dropped, his eyes bulged, and a sneer covered his face.
“Wear your uniform while on duty, Tallis. Dress however you want on your time. Remember, you represent the Tetrarch. Your time is his time. Herod pays you and your men well to do a job. Remain alert at all times and understand your enemies may study your every move.”
I’d hoped Kaleb would see my logic, “One last thing, sir.” For a second, I feared my Centurion would hit me when he spun around with his fists clenched.
“I’m tired of hearing your voice. No more talk. Do you understand?”
I felt sweat forming on my forehead and noticed several smiling faces as I glanced around the room, “I wanted to say how much our family appreciated everything Herod did for my mother when my father died. And yes, I realize the Tetrarch pays me well. I also understand it’s not my place to complain or criticize, sir. But everything we do as an Army replicates the Roman military. They provide us with training, weapons, and uniforms. We don’t have our own identity.” I paused when Kaleb reached for his sword and stepped toward me, “Many of our citizens don’t respect us. They view us as Caesar’s puppets, and other people see us as their enemy.”
Silence filled the room as our Centurion stared at me. Turning toward the others present, Kaleb ordered everyone to leave the room, except me. I wanted to hide as sweat trickled down my forehead. Kaleb grabbed a nearby stool and sat next to me, “Would you enjoy a transfer to some remote outpost in Upper Galilee? I can arrange it. Or, you might prefer to serve Caesar. Ah, but you can’t. You’re married. You would need to divorce Abigail since Rome doesn’t allow their soldiers to marry. Stop complaining. You sound like a Jew, but you are Greek. Remember, you are noble as your late father. Quit acting like a peasant. Now, find your men and go home. No problems tonight, either.” Kaleb left the room before I stood.
Returning to the courtyard, I reminded my troops we would patrol until midnight. My plan allowed everyone to take a few hours off this afternoon. I directed them to remain alert, “Come to my aid if you hear my horn.” I also announced we would receive four new soldiers to replace those we lost yesterday, “We can’t afford another situation like last night.”
The highway from Tiberias to Hammath ran along the western shore of Lake Tiberias. Hills, with steep cliffs rising west of the highway, covered with brown stubble much of the year. I directed my troops to keep a watchful eye as we marched home, “If you notice anything suspicious, let me know, and we’ll check it out.”
As we continued south, an olive grove caught my eye, along with three massive basalt pillars rising from the hillside, one hundred paces north of Hammath. I directed two of my men to take my wagon home. Simon and Bazak would accompany me, “Everyone else, continue into town and patrol the streets and lakeshore before heading home. I’ll meet everyone at the usual time and place.”
We walked toward the pillars. Seeing these protrusions made me wonder if Mered and Acaph hid here after deserting us. From this location, you could view the lake and the highway from Hammath’s north gate to Tiberias.
Bazak volunteered to scale the rocks. I told him to be careful. We didn’t need another casualty. Simon and I watched our colleague find a suitable foothold. Seconds later, he reached the peak and announced he could see the gate and our marketplace.
“Could you see inside after dark?”
“Depends, sir. With a full moon, yes. On a dark night, you wouldn’t see anything since we don’t use torchlights along our streets. Besides, climbing these rocks would be difficult.”
“Great work, Bazak. Climb down, and let’s check the grove.”
These trees no longer bore fruit because of age and neglect. Leaves covered the ground, so hiding here wouldn’t be a smart idea, “Let’s go home.” We trudged along like a pack of tired donkeys tromping over the rocky soil, “If you wanted to hide, would you pick the rocks or amongst trees?”
Simon glanced at the grove, “After dark, I’d prefer the trees. If someone spotted me, and I needed to run, there are fewer obstacles, and the hill isn’t as steep as it is near the pillars. During daylight, I wouldn’t want to hide in either location.”
Bazak interrupted our conversation, “Tallis, do you think our deserters worked with the men who killed Kush and Masa?”
The comment surprised me, “Nothing would shock me.”

      

My wife was preparing to leave our house when I arrived. Abigail spends most afternoons with our mothers purchasing food for the evening meal, or for those in need. She greeted me with a kiss after I secured our courtyard door and placed my weapons’ belt on a nearby stool.
“I need your help. I want you and our mothers to study your surroundings when you’re in the marketplace serving the poor and homeless.”
My wife stared at me, “What’s wrong?”
I tried not to change my facial expression, “Nothing.”
“Then what should we look for?”
Turning, I walked toward our bed, sat down, and patted the bedding. How much do I tell Abigail? I don’t want to alarm my wife or start any rumors if she shares my comments with Odelia and Nammi, “Kaleb mentioned the Army had received information of potential problems from Zealots moving into the region. I’m hoping you and our mothers can watch for anything unusual over the next few mornings or while you shop.”
Abigail rose, rubbed my shoulders, and smiled, “You worry too much, Tallis. Hammath’s remained peaceful since we moved here. Yes, your father died at the hands of some fanatics, be he came under attack closer to Tiberias.” My wife cocked her head and looked at me, “What aren’t you telling me?”
I hugged my wife and kissed her forehead, “I’ve told you everything I know. I don’t expect trouble, and chances are, you won’t see anything.”
My wife stood, studying my face, then smiled again, “I’ll speak with our mothers, but I’m not sure what to look for.” She hugged me before tilting her head back, waiting for a kiss, “I’m spending the night at my mother’s house. Be careful when you’re on patrol tonight. I love you.”

      

I found my troops waiting inside the north gate, as the last glow of light faded into darkness, and reminded my men we work until midnight. Next, I paired up my soldiers, creating three teams, before explaining how we would protect Hammath with four fewer soldiers.
After my troops headed to their assigned locations, I returned home, changed out of my uniform, and dressed in my darkest clothes. I grabbed a slice of dried fish, one fig to tide me over, and left the house, walking toward the lake. Arriving at my destination, I surveyed the area around me and stepped into the water before wading around the tower. Tonight I planned to work alone, hoping to use the darkness to my advantage.
Reaching dry ground, I walked from the lake to the highway. Kneeling, I peered through our gate, searching the marketplace. I didn’t see anyone, so I darted across the cobblestones and scampered behind the pillars. I hoped to spend several hours observing the water and highway. The moon provided enough light for me to locate and avoid any objects so I wouldn’t stumble, and I could still spot people headed toward or away from my position.
For over an hour, I hid behind the rocks, questioning my decision to work alone, when I heard footsteps approaching my location from Tiberias. I peeked around the pillars for signs of movement as the sounds intensified. Seconds later, five men came into view, running toward Hammath’s north gate. My soldiers didn’t confront them as they entered our village, and I reached for my horn but hesitated. Like last night, one fellow towered over his colleagues and led the group, but I still couldn’t identify anyone as they passed my hiding place. Now what? Do I chase them?... No, I’ll wait. They may return, and I’ll follow them to wherever they came from.
Several minutes later, the sound of runners caught my ear, and the clapping on the cobblestones grew louder. Moments later, four runners burst through the gate, heading toward Tiberias. Like before, the tallest man lead. What happened to their friend? Does one of them live right under our noses?
As the sounds faded away, I worked my way down the rocky slope, and followed the runners, trying to maintain a safe distance between us. The runners picked up their pace. I did the same, not wanting to lose them. A few steps later, I heard a whizzing sound, and I felt something strike my skull as my world turned black.



Chapter 4


A sharp pain ripped through my brain as someone shook me, and a voice called my name, “Tallis… Tallis, what happened, sir.” I don’t think I replied, but I remember struggling to sit up. My head throbbed, and I couldn’t focus. Where am I?
“Hold still. You have a nasty gash on your head. I’ll clean your face and wash the blood from your eyes. Don’t move.”
“Is that you, Bazak?” I tried to blink, without success, and attempted to remain motionless. I screamed when my soldier bumped my shoulder, “Be careful.”
“Relax, sir. I’m doing my best. You’re making my job harder. Elrad, I need you to fetch the doctor. Simon, go to Tallis’s house and fetch his horse and wagon, so we can transport him.”
Bazak held me down when I tried to stand, “Where am I?”
“You’re lying on the highway north of Hammath. When you didn’t meet us at sunrise this morning, we searched for you. I spotted something on the roadway, and we came to investigate.
I strained to stand again, but Bazak held me tight, “You need to wait until the doctor examines you, Tallis. I sent Simon to fetch your wagon so we can take you home once we get permission to move you.”
“You don’t understand. We need to leave for our morning meetings.”
Bazak refused to release his grip, “We aren’t going anywhere until the doctor tells us it’s okay. Don’t concern yourself with going to the fort. I’ll send two men to Tiberias. They can explain what happened to Kaleb. Quiet now. Here comes Elrad. He has the doctor with him.”
“Step back, gentlemen, and allow me to examine your friend.” I saw a shadow kneel next to me, “You have a sizeable gash above your left eye, young man. Do you hurt anywhere else?”
“My shoulder and headaches.”
“Describe your pain for me, Tallis.”
“It feels like someone drove a stake into my skull, and everything looks blurry.”
The doctor shook his head, “Do you remember what happened?”
I glanced at Bazak, and saw two of him, along with my other soldiers, towering over me, as I gathered my thoughts. I explained my desire to explore the area near the pillars and wondered if the runners from last night would return. When they did, I waited to follow them, “Five men ran into Hammath, but only four left our village minutes later. I allowed them to run past my location before pursuing them. As I reached the highway, something struck my head. The next thing I remember was Bazak shaking me.”
Our doctor leaned over and whispered, “You know you’re not supposed to work alone, Tallis.” The physician grinned. Several others chuckled. I looked away, thinking, Kaleb will kill me. “Don’t move. I’ll clean your head wound and face. This will improve your vision, but I suspect your headaches will last several days or weeks. You have a rather sizeable lump on the back of your skull too. Try not to move. This might hurt, but you’re tough. I’ll be as gentle.”
When the doctor completed his examination, he directed Simon and Bazak to help me stand, and placed my arms over their shoulders, escorting me to my wagon. Elrad and Tam headed to the fortress to explain what had occurred to Kaleb, and the physician sat next to me as we headed home. I hope nobody sees me in this condition, including my wife and our mothers.
The ride to my house wasn’t the smoothest trip I’d ever taken in a wagon. At least I could lie down, making it difficult for anyone to recognize me as we maneuvered through a crowded marketplace. Abigail won’t be home after spending the night with her mother, but she might be in the marketplace, helping to feed the poor. We’ll discuss her concerns later.
Bazak and the doctor helped me to my bed while Simon unhitched and fed my horse. The physician re-examined my wound, which led to another cleansing and applied a strong-smelling ointment. Next, the doctor wound a fresh dressing around my skull several times and tied a knot. He must think my brains will fall out. My pain increased, but my physician handed me a concoction he’d mixed. Something made with wine and myrrh, “Drink this, Tallis. It should ease your pain and help you rest. I’ll return later today or tomorrow morning to re-examine you. Don’t get out of bed without someone helping you until I tell you it’s okay. You might fall and reopen your wound.” The doctor glanced at Simon and Bazak, “Make sure he gets plenty of rest.”
Once the doctor departed, I asked my soldiers to patrol Hammath, “Looking for suspicious activity. If you meet Abigail, don’t say what happened and quit smiling. If my wife sees me, she’ll have our mothers checking on me, or living with us. I’d get no rest, and they’d hover over me day and night.”
Bazak laughed, and Simon grinned as the pair walked toward the courtyard door, “Abigail will discover your injured your head when she gets home. But, you need your rest, and make sure you follow the doctor’s orders.”
I woke up when a door slammed shut. Seconds later, Bazak and Simon walked in, “Sorry to disturb you. We came to report the town’s secure. When we passed the house where Kush lived, we found the door open. Nobody responded to our knock, so we stepped inside. Someone ransacked the place. We split up, hoping to find anyone who saw what happened. Simon, tell Tallis what you learned.”
Simon shared how he’d spoken with several neighborhood women who claimed to know nothing. Later he met an old man who stated he’d seen four men enter the residence. He also mentioned hearing vessels shatter and a splintering of wood coming from inside the dwelling. The intruders carried off a few items when they left, including clothes. The fellow mentioned they didn’t stay long. He claimed they were Jews. The tallest man gave the orders, and it was too dark to identify anyone.
I thanked Simon, “Does this old man have a name?”
“He said his name was Addai.”
Pain ripped through my head as I struggled to stand. I’d heard the name before, but I don’t believe we’ve met, “I want you to secure the damaged property. I’ll find out who owns the property after I recover.”
My pain decreased when I reclined. Elrad and Tam will return from Tiberias soon. Then we’ll plan how to prevent another tragedy from occurring in Hammath. We better, or Kaleb will skin me alive.
Tam and Elrad arrived before Bazak and Simon returned, “How are you, sir? You had us worried this morning.”
“My head hurts, but I’ll tolerate the pain. How did Kaleb react when you met with him?”
“He didn’t say much. He stated, ‘you must have a hard head.’ Kaleb also mentioned Masa and Kush.” Tam’s voice cracked as he spoke, “Our Centurion said they were exemplary men, and he hated to lose them. He also told me to tell you to duck next time.”
“I trust there won’t be a next time, my friend.”
“I have more news, sir. Kaleb said the four new soldiers would arrive within a week or two. This will return our Conturbenium to full strength.” Tam removed a sealed parchment from inside his cape and handed it to me. “Kaleb ordered me to deliver this to you, Tallis.”
With the seal opened, I read the document.
Tallis:
I’m pleased to hear you survived your injuries, and I want to remind you, it is ill-advised to work alone. Use better judgment from this time forward. You know what happened to your father when he traveled by himself one night.
I also expect you and your troops to prevent further criminal behavior and civil disobedience within your assigned jurisdiction without excuses. This is an order. Failure to perform your duties may lead to your removal from the rank of Decanus or discharge from the Army. Take whatever measures you need to control and prevent further problems in Hammath. Continue to lead your Conturbenium with distinction, and you will succeed.
You will follow my orders without question from this point forward. You and your soldiers face severe consequences if you cannot prevent discord in your region again. I wish you success in your efforts to restore and maintain peace in Hammath and surrounding areas.
Kaleb
My headache intensified as I read, and when I finished, the document slipped from my fingers and fell to my lap. How could Kaleb write this? Herod doesn’t like what’s happening. He’s afraid the Romans will discover we’ve come under attack. If we can’t perform our duties, why doesn’t the Tetrarch recruit and train more troops, so we can protect our community?
“What’s the matter, Tallis,” Bazak asked? “It can’t be favorable news. Your face lost color as you read.”
I closed my eyes and took a deep breath, “Kaleb expects us to keep the peace despite being understaffed. The letter also confirms the news regarding our replacements. We can’t afford to lose any more soldiers or have similar situations arise as we’ve had of late. Too bad, our extra troops won’t arrive for days. We need help today, not later.”
Bazak slammed his fist on my table, “Ten soldiers can’t protect Hammath and the highway to the south end of the lake. What does he expect from a squad with six men? We can’t be everywhere. What’s Kaleb thinking, anyway?”
He’s right. We can’t be everywhere. Think, Tallis, “Our patrols will continue until our troubles cease. We can’t protect specific locations any longer, like the night Kush and Masa died. We need to keep moving throughout our village. By creating a visible presence, I hope to discourage anyone from attempting to enter Hammath and cause problems.” No one said a word, so I responded, “We will meet at sunset as usual. Sharpen your weapons and carry your horns. With luck, our new troops will arrive before something else occurs. Now, go home and tend to your personal responsibilities.”
I reread Kaleb’s letter. After I finished, I closed my eyes, struggling to think. For the past five years, my supervisors praised me, saying I performed my duties with distinction. They claimed I helped people work through their differences. Now, my Centurion expects me to prevent trouble before it arises. How? Kaleb threatened to take away my opportunity for promotion and destroy my future at the first sign of trouble. He might demote me, or—who knows what? I can’t allow this to happen. My men and I will crush whoever tries to disrupt the lives of those we protect.
Sunset arrived too soon for me, and getting out of bed wasn’t easy, but I gathered my weapons, despite the pain, and made my way to the north gate. Do I feel better? Can’t say. Am I worse? Not sure. I leaned against a wall near Hammath’s north gate and waited. To my surprise, my soldiers arrived together. “Tonight, we will use three two-man teams. Simon and Bazak will patrol this gate, our marketplace, and the first five streets of town. Elrad and Tam will protect the middle five streets, running east and west, and the entire shoreline. Team three will protect the remaining five streets and our south gate. Blow your horns if you need help.”
Bazak didn’t move when Simon turned to leave, “Tallis, the doctor told you to rest. We’ll cover for you.”
“Mind your own business, soldier. We have a job to do, and not enough troops to meet Kaleb’s expectations if I don’t work.”
As the last team disappeared into the darkness, I hobbled along toward the lake, reflecting on Kaleb’s words. I’m the person responsible if these problems don’t cease. I hope we make it through the night.
Reaching my destination, I paused and listened as the waves crashed on the shore before rolling back toward deeper waters. With a star-filled sky and a pleasant breeze, I heard voices, families talking and laughing on their rooftops. As I headed south, I spotted two of my soldiers near the south wall. So far, life in Hammath remained calm.
When the first watch ended, everyone returned to the marketplace and made their reports. I thanked my soldiers for their performances tonight, “I want us to continue until we meet at midnight. Remain alert, and we’ll get through this together.”
Tam spoke up, “How are you feeling, Tallis? The doctor said you should rest.”
I touched the lump on my head, “I hurt, but I’ll be fine.” There’s more happening here than my troops, or I understand. Strange things. First, Nikolaos hand-picks Mered and Acaph to join my Conturbenium. Next, two soldiers die, and my newest squad members desert, and Kaleb didn’t seem too concerned. Something’s not right.
Turning around, I noticed two soldiers standing inside the north gate, gazing toward Tiberias, “How is everything so far?”
Elrad smiled, “The north end remains peaceful, sir, and nobody’s headed our way.”
I headed toward the tower to check the area. When I reached my house, I considered stepping inside to rest, but changed my mind and kept walking. I don’t need my wife to come home and confront me at the moment.
Simon and Bazak headed my direction as I reached the water. They reported the marketplace and lakeshore remained secure, and most families had gone inside for the night. It’s my hope our visible presence will discourage our visitors from returning, and we’ll all sleep well tonight.
Simon spoke up, “Isn’t this near the time Kush and Masa died? We need to pray for their souls.”
“You and Bazak take whatever time you need to remember our fallen comrades. I’ll wait here while you pray, Simon.”
After completing their prayers, my soldiers walked south along the lakeshore, passing several streets before turning. A hush had fallen over Hammath. Tonight, our community remained peaceful, and my troops and I performed our duties well. I hope tomorrow goes well for us.



Chapter 5


As hard as I tried to keep quiet, Abigail woke the moment I slipped into our bed, “How was your day, my love?
I didn’t feel talkative after my tough day, “Long, but tomorrow will be better.”
My wife snuggled next to me and draped her arm over my chest, rubbing my cheek and my head, “What’s this?”
“Don’t worry. It’s nothing.”
Abigail sat up, “Why is there cloth covering your skull? What happened, Tallis?”
Here we go, “Last night, someone ambushed me, but the doctor treated my injury and assured me I would recover.”
Enough moonlight filtered through our window, and I saw my wife glaring at me. I don’t think she’ll let this drop.
“I pray for your safety every day, Tallis. I love you. Your job is too dangerous, and I fear something will happen to you.”
I sighed, “So you’ve told me, but you knew I served in Herod’s Army when we met. Don’t tell me the danger surrounding my job caught you by surprise.”
Abigail reached for my hand, “Don’t get defensive, dear. Every day your job becomes more dangerous, and when you earn another promotion, your stress level will increase as will my worries for your safety.”
My wife would have more to fret over if I showed her Kaleb’s letter, “All is well in Galilee, dear. Please, let me sleep. My workday begins too soon.” I kissed Abigail’s cheek, rolled over, pulled up the blanket, and fell asleep.
The sound of my wife’s voice startled me, “Get up, dear. It’s time to meet your soldiers. I fixed you something to eat. Hurry.” I gulped down my food after dressing, grabbed my weapons, and headed toward our courtyard door, “When will I see you again?”
“If all goes well, I plan to spend my afternoon with you.”
I smiled as tears formed in Abigail’s eyes, “I love to spend time with you. I miss you when you’re gone.”

      

An hour later, my Conturbenium and I reached the fortress. As we passed through the south gate, a guard stepped forward, “Kaleb wants to meet with you, Tallis.”
I directed my troops to march to their assigned location and headed to my Centurion’s office, “Good morning, sir. I received your message.”
Kaleb pointed at a stool, “Sit down. I’m surprised to see you this morning. Why aren’t you home, resting?” He didn’t wait for my response, “We need to discuss the night you broke protocol. How’s your head?”
“I can rest after we restore peace in Hammath, sir. I have obligations to meet. Didn’t Elrad explain what happened?”
Kaleb managed a smile, “He did, but I want to hear your story. I’m sure you have an interesting tale to share.”
I closed my eyes and wondered how much to share, “What can I say?” At Kaleb’s insistence, I mentioned I’d seen the pillars and olive grove. “I visited the rocks, after sunset to see if the runners returned to Hammath.”
“Let me guess. Your runners returned.”
“I planned to follow them to wherever they’re from, hoping to discover where they lived.” Kaleb had given me orders to never work alone, and I promised I would always take someone with me at all times. I never said, you never know when circumstances would place me when I’m forced to work alone.
When I finished telling my story, Kaleb stood and glared at me, “You better keep your word. Follow me. Nikolaos invited a Roman Centurion and his Century to teach our troops some new tactical formations this morning.” I stood, wiped the sweat from my forehead, and followed him along the marble-covered hallway to the courtyard.
Exiting the building, I watch Nikolaos pace on a platform set up at the west end of the courtyard. Five of Herod’s Centuries stood at-ease. Gavius, the Roman Centurion, stood a few steps away from our nervous Commander. The Roman troops stood in formation nearby. I’d heard tales of Roman forces providing Herod’s soldiers with training on various occasions, but this was a first for my troops and me.
Gavius shook hands with Nikolaos. The two men spoke before our Commander turned and addressed his assistant, Adolphus, who ordered everyone to attention. A hush filled the courtyard as I wondered what would happen next.
The entire civilized world knows of Roman brutality, and the troops under the command of Gavius appeared ready for battle. Most of their soldiers were my height or taller and towered over Herod’s troops. I shook my head as I studied some of Rome’s finest, and I hoped we never fought against them.
Gavius took charge, speaking to Nikolaos, who nodded with everything the Roman Centurion said before our Commander addressed his troops, “Today, I’m honored to welcome a representative from Rome. Gavius and his Century agreed to provide us with some much-needed training in the latest military tactics. As you know, Galilee and Perea continue to experience increased levels of civil disobedience and criminal activity.” Why would Nikolaos admit to such a thing since we all live and work in constant danger? “Our job is to maintain peace and harmony in the territories governed by our Tetrarch.” Gavius stepped forward and whispered something to Nikolaos, who nodded, “This morning’s training will provide us with two specific strategies we can use to manage or disperse unruly crowds or those opposing Herod’s authority. Gavius welcome to Tiberias. With everyone in place, we can begin.”
Gavius spoke to Nikolaos again, and the Commander translated the information to his troops, “Gentlemen, today you will receive training in a technique you may find helpful when protesters turn violent. Our visitors will perform this new formation called a Square. This procedure will keep you and your colleagues safe if you find yourselves in a hostile situation.” The Roman officer said a few more words to Nikolaos while everyone waited for the demonstration to begin. As I observed the exchange, I couldn’t help but wonder who’s in charge here. Despite our Commander’s higher rank, it appears Gavius is the person in charge.
Without speaking, Gavius nodded, and his troops snapped to attention before collapsing their formation and appeared to create a tight box, a Square. The men on the exterior sides held their shields against their chests with their backs to their colleagues. Those in the middle raised their shields overhead to protect the group from any projectiles raining down upon them.
I glanced at my men as they viewed the performance before our eyes. The Romans closed their ranks, eliminating any gaps between their shields. While maintaining their formation, they showed how to maneuver in various directions in a synchronized manner. The entire process appeared simple, but I wasn’t sure this tactic would work with a Conturbenium of seven soldiers.
The Roman officer spoke to our Commander again, and Nikolaos stepped forward and called his Centurions to the podium while our remaining troops stood at-ease. Most of Herod’s soldiers had confused looks on their faces. I’m uncertain we have enough training to use this new tactic with success. I hope we don’t fail and embarrass ourselves.
Minutes later, Kaleb joined us, “Our soldiers will practice this formation at the Century level, rather than each Conturbenium attempting to work as an independent unit. Tallis, you and your squad will form the Square’s left side. Have your men turn their backs toward their colleagues.” Our Centurion continued to assign positions to his other Conturbeniums while we waited. “On my command, we will move as one unit, and close ranks like you saw during the demonstration. Now.” Kaleb stepped out of the way as our Century shuffled around in the courtyard, attempting to form a Square.
I don’t understand how six soldiers and I can perform the work of ten men. My team turned as directed, facing away from our colleagues as they struggled to create the desired formation. Kaleb frowned, as did Nikolaos, as Gavius’s laughter filled the courtyard. Our Centurion directed us to try again, as he struggled to keep a straight face after we returned to our original positions.
Despite our best efforts, none of Herod’s Centuries created a functioning Square. Kaleb and his fellow Centurions hung their heads. If our army had to perform this tactic in public, I’m certain those watching would burst out laughing.
Once again, Gavius spoke to Nikolaos, who directed his Centurions to get their troops back into their original formations. By now, the Roman Centurion no longer appreciated the humor of the moment, as Herod’s soldiers hustled to their starting positions. I hope we never need to use this strategy. I’m afraid we’d die trying.
After everyone returned to their original positions. Nikolaos addressed the group, “The second skill you will learn this morning, we call the Pig’s Head. This strategy enables us to move troublemakers by dividing a crowd, so you can control and separate crowds, and push people out of your way.”
Gavius stepped forward and barked out a new command. Once again, his troops snapped to attention before moving into a formation resembling geese flying south for the winter. The front row contained thirty soldiers. The second row, twenty-five, and each additional row had five fewer than each previous row. Gavius gave another order, and his troops advanced with their shields held chest high. Our men found ourselves pushed aside with ease.
When the demonstration concluded, Kaleb called his entire Century together and explained how each Conturbenium would position themselves within the Pig’s Head before commanding us to execute this new tactic. Our soldiers performed the maneuver well on our first try, and we continued to improve with repeated practice. Our Centurion smiled, like a proud papa, as he watched his troops perform. By the end of the session, our Century performed the Pig’s Head like polished soldiers rather than a rag-tag group stumbling over ourselves.
I wasn’t sure what occurred next, but Gavius spoke to Nikolaos, who then called his Centurions forward. When Kaleb returned, Gavius and Herod’s senior officers turned and walked toward the building on the west side of our courtyard. Kaleb gathered his troops around him and announced this morning’s meeting was over, “Return to your assigned regions. My Decanuses and I will meet tomorrow morning, as usual.”
On the return trip to Hammath, I paid close attention to our surroundings, looking for anyone who might want to spy on my troops and me. If I noticed anything suspicious, my men and I would give chase. When we entered our village, I created three teams and sent each pair to patrol the streets and lakefront. I returned home to spend time with Abigail, hoping my headache wouldn’t return.



Chapter 6


My soldiers and I arrived at the fortress before sunrise. I headed straight to my Centurion’s office and found the man seated at his desk. Kaleb smiled when he recognized me, “Good morning, Tallis. I sense your frustration this morning. What’s on your mind?”
“I hope to discuss several items with you, sir.” Kaleb nodded, “I wonder when the four new soldiers you promised will arrive. I don’t know how long seven of us can continue to protect Hammath. We’re too understaffed.”
Kaleb folded his hands and placed them on his desktop, “Sit down. I’ll introduce you to your new troops after our meeting.”
A weight lifted from my shoulders, “Are they trained, or neophytes like Acaph and Mered?”
“Don’t fret, Tallis. Your new soldiers will fight at your command,” My Centurion reminded me, “You get what comes along with any volunteer army. There is pleasant news, though. I understand Herod and his advisors will begin a new recruitment program.”
“I hope anyone who enlists will make the ultimate sacrifice.” I sat back and studied Kaleb’s face, waiting for his response.
Kaleb leaned back in his chair, “You know our current situation, Tallis. We aren’t recruiting new soldiers. The Tetrarch prefers to enlist men based upon recommendations from friends or those he respects. Like you. Without your father’s support, there was little hope for your advancement in such a short timeframe. So count your lucky stars.”
I caught myself tapping my fingers on Kaleb’s desk, “I realize our Tetrarch promotes non-Jews to leadership positions. I don’t believe Antipas trusts Jews and fears they may revolt. But nobody asked for my opinion.”
My Centurion leaned forward and spoke in a soft voice I struggled to hear, “I’ve mentioned this before. Keep your opinions to yourself. These walls hear whatever we say, and your tongue may get us in trouble. Now, what else do you want to ask me?”
“Sorry, but where do you plan for our new troops to live? Finding adequate living accommodations can challenge the wealthiest people wanting to live in Hammath.”
Kaleb smiled as he stood, “An acquaintance arranged for two men to stay in Kush’s old place. The other pair will live in Masa’s empty house. Follow me, Tallis. It’s time to join your colleagues.”
I followed my Centurion to our meeting room, and Kaleb began before I found an empty stool, “Thank you for arriving on time today. Allow me to apologize for yesterday’s training session. I didn’t learn the Romans would join us until I reached the fortress, so I didn’t have time to give you advanced notice.” Kaleb paused and glanced at each Decanus, “Let me ask a question. What perceptions can you share regarding yesterday’s activities?... Adil, you may speak first.”
The Decanus sprang to his feet, and stood at attention, “Sir, both formations will help us control any unruliness coming our way, sir.”
Kaleb smiled. Adil sat down, “What do you think, Sabir?”
“The strategies we learned yesterday will make our job easier.”
My Centurion turned and looked at me with a perplexed look on his face, “Tallis, you love to talk. Please share your thoughts on yesterday’s training with us. I’m sure your associates enjoy listening to your comments, and you’re never short of words.”
I stood and glanced at my colleagues. Does Kaleb want an honest answer or another stretch of the truth? He apologized earlier for yesterday’s training. I closed my eyes, took a deep breath, and gathered my thoughts, “I trust the drills we took part in will help protect our Century when faced with an angry mob. But, I don’t believe either tactic will work at the Conturbenium level, sir.” I hesitated, waiting for Kaleb to comment, but he remained silent, so I continued, “Our squads don’t contain enough troops to form a Square, and ten or eleven soldiers can’t form a Pig’s Head.” My Centurion didn’t move or respond, as I figured out what to say next, “With so few men available, we may form an oval or a small circle.”
Kaleb’s jaw dropped as he stared at me and then the others before looking back toward me. The room fell silent, “Tallis, you are the only Decanus brave enough to tell me what I needed to learn. I found our efforts to form a Square painful. The Romans laughed, and Nikolaos shared his displeasure with his Centurions. Our troops moved too slow. We left gaps in our defenses. Once in place, it became obvious we couldn’t maneuver fast enough to protect ourselves. This made the Square useless, dangerous. To improve, we’d need more practice, but like you said, Tallis, we don’t work at the Century level because of the limited number of soldiers in Galilee.” Kaleb stepped away, smiling. I felt relieved as I’d expected my Centurion to criticize my comments. Instead, he continued, “Allow me to change the subject… Today, I received new orders. Nikolaos wants to provide each Conturbenium additional time to patrol their assigned regions. Don’t shake your heads. Our Commander says we need to get a handle on the current unrest, and I agree. To achieve this goal, we will reduce our meetings from six to once a week. We will now meet on the first day of the week. I will see everyone in two days. Dismissed. Tallis, follow me. I plan to introduce you to your new troops.”
My soldiers jumped to attention when they spotted Kaleb and me walking toward them, “Gentlemen, allow me to introduce the newest members of your Conturbenium. Each man swore allegiance to Herod and completed their basic training with distinction. I expect them to compliment your team. Tobin and Habib will share the house once occupied by Kush. Yoel and Ari will live in Masa’s former dwelling.” Kaleb turned toward me, “Tallis, you may address your troops. I will talk at our next meeting unless you need help before then.”
I greeted my newest squad members and waited for Kaleb to leave before addressing my troops, “Bazak and Simon, I want you to lead your colleagues to Hammath. Explain our protocols and make sure each man understands the strategies we use while on patrol. Meet me in the marketplace at sundown. Remain on alert this afternoon and watch each other’s backs. I have another issue to address.”
Leaving the fortress, I headed northeast toward the town’s blacksmith shop. I had a hunch and needed answers. I hoped one or both of my brothers could provide me with a tip so I could tie up some loose ends regarding the recent events in Hammath. Today, I had nothing to help me solve the murders of Kush and Masa.
As I neared the shop, I saw smoke billowing through the doorway, out to the street, and I picked up my pace. Out of the corner of my eye, I spotted Zosimos, my middle brother, approaching his shop, and carrying a large sack over his shoulder. I called his name, and he looked at me and waved.
Zosimos dropped his sack when he saw the smoke and ran inside the building. “Why didn’t you open the backdoor before making the fire so hot, Hilarion? It’s hard to breathe, much less see what you’re doing.”
“Sorry, Zosimos.”
I entered the shop and interrupted my siblings' conversation and gasped for air as my eyes burned. Zosimos opened the backdoor of his shop. I doubt Hilarion could recognize me through the smoke. A breeze filtered through the structure, and the air cleared enough to study my surroundings.
Zosimos smiled, “Tallis, I’m surprised. What brings you to my shop? Did Kaleb assign you to patrol the streets of Tiberias today?”
“No, I thought I’d drop by and check on you and our baby brother, but you better fetch the sack you dropped outside your door. Someone might come along and steal the contents. Besides, I need to ask you and Hilarion some questions.”
When the smithy returned, I asked my middle brother, “How’s business? You look busy.”
Zosimos glanced around his shop, “I can’t keep up with my orders, but I have fantastic news, Tallis. Your Commander visited me a few days ago. He asked me to sign a contract to repair the army’s equipment and make sure the chariots and wagons remained in working order. He also wanted me to make weapons and keep the horses shod. That’s what Hilarion’s doing now. Producing horseshoes.
“I said, yes. The terms are most favorable. God smiled on your brother. I’m blessed.
“You wanted to ask us some questions?”
I nodded, “I do, but first let me say, I’m proud of you, Zosimos. I know you’ll do an excellent job. Does our mother know?”
Zosimos shook his head, “I hoped to share my news tomorrow when we meet together, as a family, to celebrate the Sabbath at your home.”
“Mother will be so excited for you, but on a serious note, we need to talk.”
Zosimos pointed toward the backdoor, “Let’s go behind my shop. It’s quieter, and nobody will listen to us.” Closing the door behind us, my brother asked, “How can I help you, Tallis?”
I paused, I’ve never had reason to question one of my relatives, and I feared I’d create a rift between my brothers and me. I looked around the area and didn’t see anyone, “Try not to take offense at my questions, Zosimos, but you may find them personal. Your responses may help me resolve a crime I’m investigating.”
The smithy’s head snapped back, and I wondered what he’d say, “Do you believe I did something wrong, Tallis? Are you accusing me of committing a crime?”
“Keep your voice down, brother. I’m not accusing you of anything, and we don’t want the entire neighborhood overhearing our conversation.” Zosimos nodded.
“First question. Where were you the second and third nights this week?” 
Zosimos squinted, “Why would you ask me such a question?”
“Humor me, brother. I know you’ll give me an honest answer.”
“How am I supposed to remember what happened several days ago? I work from sunrise to sunset. Sometimes later. Where are you going with this, Tallis? Ya-el and I were home. I’m too tired after work.”
“Will your wife verify your story?”
“She better.”
I studied my brother’s face for several seconds. He’s upset, but I need information, “What will Hilarion say if I ask him? Was he with you and Ya-el those two nights?”
Zosimos shook his head, “Why don’t you ask him in person, but he wasn’t with us.”
My brother’s reaction caught surprised me, “Did Hilarion report for work each day this week?”
“He arrived late twice and didn’t show up twice.”
“Did you ask him to explain himself?”
“Where is this going, Tallis? Hilarion said he’d stayed up late with friends and was too tired to work.”
“And you talked to him about missing work?
“What can I say? Our brother knows what I expect. Hilarion needs to become more responsible, but I can’t speak for him. You need to quiz the lad yourself.”
“You’re right, please ask Hilarion to join me.”
Zosimos didn’t move and glared at me for several seconds, his nose flaring, face flushed, “Before I leave, Tallis, I want you to know I’m not happy with you questioning my whereabouts. I don’t think you trust me, and yes, I’ll send Hilarion to see you.”
My brother spun around, flung the shop door open, and marched into his smoke-filled building. Seconds later, Hilarion sauntered toward me with a sheepish grin on his face, not bothering to close the door behind him.
“Zosimos said you wanted to see me, Tallis.”
“Correct, but please don’t read anything into my questions. Okay?” Hilarion agreed, “So, where were you, after sunset on the second and third nights of this week?”
I watched as Hilarion rubbed his neck before replying, “That’s all you needed to know? Zosimos and I met with friends both nights. We enjoy spending time together after working all day, and we discussed the high taxes imposed on us by Herod and Rome. We had fun both nights.”
His response amazed me and felt like confronting my baby brother as he fidgeted, staring at his feet, and waiting for my next question, “I know you enjoy running, and Zosimos loves to run too. Do your friends? Did you and your friends run on both nights?”
Hilarion’s body relaxed before my eyes, “We ran out into the countryside, and, yes, my friends enjoy running also? Why?”
I paused, waiting for a reaction and wondering why Hilarion seemed so excited to discuss running with friends, “No reason, but I’m out of questions. You’ve given me enough information. Thanks for your help.” Hilarion turned to leave but stopped when I spoke again, “My soldiers and I will be on patrol tonight. If you and your friends visit Hammath, track me down and say hello.” My brother’s eyes bulged, “If I don’t see you, I hope Abigail and I can visit with you and your girlfriend when we get together tomorrow.” Hilarion nodded and entered the shop without saying another word.

      

My soldiers huddled around me, waiting for last-minute instructions before going on duty, “As you know, I’m not a man who often prays, but tonight I’m asking you to say a prayer for peace throughout Palestine. The last two nights passed without incident, be we need more trouble-free nights. Pray that those who want to disrupt our community lose heart and stay home or direct their reign of terror someplace else. If our patrols go well, I will allow you to enjoy the Sabbath with your loved ones. Should you need help tonight, blow your horn.” Each man nodded, and I created five two-man teams, giving each pair specific assignments, “I’ll check with everyone later.” I watch my men disappear into the night and smiled, knowing they took pride in their jobs.
I returned home, hoping Abigail had prepared a delicious meal so we could eat together. I need to apologize to my wife for not spending time with her this afternoon. I glad Abigail likes to cook. I love to eat. We make an incredible team.
After our meal, I climbed the stairs to my rooftop and gazed over Hammath. A half-moon rose as a warm breeze moved through the valley. I hope the winter rains arrive soon. Life slows down, and Zealots lack dedication to their causes during inclement weather. With luck, this trend will continue, but this isn’t an average year. The rainy season is two months late with no change insight, and the recent storm provided the only moisture since the rains ended last spring.
Several minutes later, I joined my wife, and removed my uniform, placing it on the chair Moss built for us, before washing my feet. Abigail brushed her hair. She smells good tonight. We’d discussed bringing children into the world, but life becomes complicated, no matter how hard you try. We snuggled and caressed each other as the moonlight filtered in through the window, and somewhere in the distance, a horn blast broke the silence.
My heart skipped a beat as a second alarm ripped through the night. I leaped from our bed, dressed, and grabbed my weapons. Within seconds, I was out the door, running toward the lake. Abigail will be asleep when I return.
I reached the road lining the lakeshore, turned right, and continued to sprint. My neck muscles tightened, and breathing became labored. I hate to run when wearing my armor. Sweat covered my forehead, ran down, and blurred my vision. Three blocks, four. A third blast filled the air, and I heard footsteps approaching, pounding along the stone-covered street to my right, echoing off the buildings lining the narrow roadway. One intersection later, I discovered two soldiers kneeling next to our local Rabbi, “What happened to Kiva?”
Yoel looked up, “We heard moaning as we approached this corner, Tallis, so we came to investigate and found this man lying on the roadway bloodied and bruised. I blew my horn while Habib checked his wounds.”
I thanked my soldier for his report and kneeled next to Kiva, “How are you feeling, sir?”
The Rabbi forced a smile, “I’ll recover, Tallis. Old folks like me shouldn’t go outside after dark. Evil loves the night.”
I agreed, “You’re right. Bad things seem to happen after the sun goes down. I’m sorry we didn't protect you tonight, sir.” I glanced at Habib, “Do you know where the doctor lives?” The soldier nodded, and I ordered him to go fetch the physician before returning my attention to Kiva as Habib scampered away, “Tell me what happened, sir.”
Kiva struggled to sit up, and I helped the Rabbi rest against a wall, “After our meeting at the synagogue, I took a stroll. This calms my soul, and I enjoy the peaceful nights in our community. Please don’t tell anyone, Tallis. People will say I’m working on the Sabbath.” Kiva explained how he struggled to fall asleep, “Tonight, I walked from my house to this intersection when four lads came running along the lakeshore road. The first man tried to avoid me,” the Rabbi shook his head, “but he couldn’t change direction. The blow knocked me against this building, and I fell to the cobblestones.
“Did you know this wall is harder than my head, Tallis? My wife used to claim I had a hard head, bless her soul.” Kiva also mentioned the runners didn’t bother to stop and help him, “They continued along the shoreline for another block before they turned toward the water. I heard splashing sounds. It’s possible they left by boat.”
“What else can you tell me, sir?”
“The runner who bumped into me was taller and ran faster than his friends. The others avoided me, but if you ask, I didn’t recognize anyone, Tallis. You’d think they’d stop and help an old fella like me.”
“You’d think so, but maybe they thought you’d recognize them. I don’t understand how people can be heartless.” Kiva struggled to stand, but I placed my hand on his shoulder, “Relax, friend. You need to sit still until the doctor tends to your wounds. My soldiers will escort you home after we receive permission to move you.”
Kiva looked at me and grinned as Habib, and the doctor arrived. I assigned my soldiers to search the area, “Look for damage or other injured folks. Question anyone you see outside. Who knows, they may have seen something to help us identify these troublemakers.”
The doctor cleaned the Rabbi’s wound and applied a dressing to his forehead. “Do you hurt anywhere else?” Kiva shook his head, “Good, you’re ready to go home. No more walks at night unless you take someone with you. Safety becomes an issue after dark, Rabbi.” The physician looked at me, “Isn’t it, Tallis?”
Looking back at Kiva, the doctor added, “Some soldiers will escort you home. I don’t want you to leave your house. Bolt your door and keep warm. I will check on you after the Sabbath.”
Kiva smiled at everyone present, “Thank you for your kindness tonight.” The doctor and I each took a hand, pulling the Rabbi to his feet.
I returned Kiva’s smile and directed two soldiers to escort our Rabbi home. Simon and Bazak arrived moments later, and I asked them to check the village walls and gates, “I’ll search the area where Kiva mentioned the runners headed toward the lake. If all is well, go home.”
Following Kiva’s directions, I walked along the sand and found footprints. It appears the runners came ashore near the community pier and dragged a boat onto the beach. As I looked out across the water, I realized we faced an additional problem.



Chapter 7


Sleep didn’t come easy last night. I couldn’t keep my mind off the runners and how they’d changed tactics and entered Hammath by boat. Now there’s additional pressure on my Conturbenium to make sure our community remains secure. I wonder if my brothers played a role in the deaths of Masa and Kush. Was it Zosimos or Hilarion who bumped into Kiva, bouncing our Rabbi off a nearby wall? Perhaps one of my brothers’ friends lives here. I’m not sure. All I know is, I can feel my headache building.
I rolled over but failed to sleep. Abigail says the pressure from my job is to blame for my increased stress. I don’t think either of my brothers would knock someone down and not stop to help. Our parents didn’t raise us to act like our visitors, but cowards rule the night. Zosimos isn’t a troublemaker… Hilarion—I don’t know. I can see his friends influencing him, but I can’t comprehend him knocking Kiva to the ground and leaving our Rabbi lying injured on the street.
Sunrise came way too early. My joints ached as I dressed, trying not to wake my wife. Despite my best efforts, I recognized Abigail’s voice, praying for my safety. It was time to patrol our streets.
This morning, Hammath remained peaceful, and I completed my rounds in under an hour. I enjoyed patrolling our streets on the Sabbath. Nobody walked the streets, including the fishermen, who stayed home to rest. Returning home, I closed our gate, crossed the courtyard, and kissed my wife, and someone began pounding on the entrance. I reached for my sword, retraced my steps, and pulled the handle, “Kaleb! What brings you to my home on this Sabbath morning?”
“Don’t look surprised, Tallis. You know why I’m here. Grab your weapons and join me. We need to talk.”
My Centurion brought an entire Conturbenium and their Decanus with him, “Why the escort, sir?”
“Nikolaos contacted me before sunrise. He’d received a report of trouble in Hammath, so I brought these troops with me in case we needed extra help. You and your soldiers should be on patrol today. Why are you still at home?”
“I completed my rounds right before you arrived on my doorstep, sir. Our community remains quiet this morning.”
“We need to check again. The word is, your Rabbi was attacked by a band of marauders who terrorized Hammath. News travels fast when religious leaders become crime victims.”
My chest tightened as I secured my weapons’ belt around my waist, “Nobody attacked Kiva, sir. The Rabbi went for a walk, and as he reached an intersection and turned the corner, four men ran along the street. One man bumped into Kiva, knocking him against a nearby building. He suffered a minor cut on his forehead before tumbling to the cobblestones, and the runner who struck him tried to avoid the Rabbi.”
Kaleb stared at me, rubbing his beard, “I hope there’s more to your story. Tell me we didn’t march to Hammath for something so trivial.”
I shared how I found the location where the runners moored their boat, as my Centurion continued to stare at me with a confused look, “Why don’t you believe me, sir? I’ve told you the truth.”
Kaleb shrugged, “Why wouldn’t I believe you? There’s no reason not to. Trust me. I want to support you, but Nikolaos pressures me to end the violence, and I find myself in an awkward situation. I don’t enjoy waking up to unsettling news. The suffering in Hammath increases rather than subsiding. I depend on your Conturbenium to maintain stability and harmony in Hammath. Tell me why these problems continue to occur in your village and not in other towns under my jurisdiction?”
I studied Kaleb as he waved his arms and carried on, so everyone living on the street could hear his rants, “I asked myself the same question, sir. I also worry, but I don’t have an answer.” Kaleb turned and walked toward the lake, and the rest of us followed, “Our troublemakers include at least five men, and I’m convinced, one or more of them live inside our walls, sir. Does their leader live in Hammath? I don’t know.”
Kaleb didn’t respond. When he reached the shoreline, he turned south, toward the location where Kiva fell. As we walked, I racked my brain, trying to think where my enemies might live. When we arrived at our destination, I pointed, “This is where the accident occurred. You can see the Rabbi’s blood on the wall and cobblestones.”
Everyone waited as Kaleb wandered around, inspecting the building and street. Then he paused and looked at me, “How can you and your soldiers become more visible, Tallis, while increasing your patrols?” Kaleb shook his head and walked a few steps, without waiting for my response, “Nikolaos doesn’t like what’s happening. And what concerns the Commander affects me. I don’t enjoy pressuring you either, but these incidents must cease. Do you understand me? No excuses.”
I rubbed my throbbing head, as Kaleb ranted, hoping a brilliant solution would pop into my brain, “Understood, sir.”
“What’s the matter, Tallis? You look pale.”
I forced a smile, “Ten soldiers can’t patrol a town of two hundred people twenty-four hours a day. I need additional troops. We have fifteen streets, two unsecured gates, and a lengthy shoreline to patrol, not to mention the marketplace, and the highway to the south end of Lake Tiberias.” I don’t dare tell my superiors we haven’t ventured to the far end of the lake for months, and we don’t plan to make the trip soon, “My Conturbenium and I patrol from sunrise to midnight. I allow my soldiers to rest on the Sabbath while I walk the streets alone. Until last night, our vandals honored the day of rest.” Kaleb stood, staring at me, a blank look. I wonder if he’s listening? “Help me figure out some strategies to increase our effectiveness, sir. I need help from you and Nikolaos so we can meet your expectations and ours. We don’t want our citizens to revolt because we can’t protect them.”
Kaleb shook his head, “Nikolaos claims we don’t have any troops available.”
I felt my neck muscles tighten as I glared, hoping Kaleb understood the challenges we faced, “Nikolaos needs to take control of the situation and recruit more troops into the Army. You mentioned our superiors had a plan to enlist men. What’s holding them up? Someone needs to convince the Tetrarch to act. We can’t wait around until the Zealots become more aggressive and kill us.” My anger burned, and I turned away.
“Get back here, soldier. I understand your frustrations but don’t force my hand. You may end up serving as an example to your colleagues. This isn’t a threat. It’s a promise.” I felt Kaleb’s eyes burn deep into my soul, his voice piercing my heart, “Follow me, Tallis. Show me where the boat came ashore, and where Kush and Masa died. Then we’ll patrol the streets and create a plan to capture the fools who disrupt life in Hammath.”
Kaleb’s rebuke caught me by surprise. My soldiers and I work hard to perform our duties, but I don’t think this registers with my superiors. They want perfection without providing the needed resources. My Commander appears to know when something happens in Hammath before I have time to notify him. My fellow Decanuses don’t face this kind of pressure from Kaleb to my knowledge. Where does Nikolaos get his information? Does he play a role in the events occurring in our jurisdiction? “Come with me, sir. I’ll show you where the runners moored their boat.”
The entire entourage followed me north along the lakeshore. Two blocks later, I stopped, and pointed toward the beach near the town pier, “Over here. You can still see their footprints in the sand when they shove their craft back into the water.”
Kaleb explored the sand while the rest of us watched. Moments later, the Centurion returned, smiling, “They picked a perfect place to leave their boat by coming ashore next to where your local fishermen beach their vessels. Nobody would pay attention to one more boat unless someone was looking for a specific craft.”
The change in my Centurion’s demeanor surprised me, “I agree with your observation, sir. Until last night, we’ve had no issues with anyone entering Hammath from the lake. I don’t understand their motives. Did these men escort a friend home before returning to their boat? What if they arrived before the Sabbath began and shared a meal with someone? Last night’s accident might be nothing but bad luck. Kiva didn’t expect anyone to run along the street after dark, and according to our Rabbi, they tried to avoid him.” Kaleb didn’t respond as he continued his investigation of the area, “I believe our troublemakers would rather create havoc in Tiberias where their actions would draw greater attention to Herod’s leadership and policies. How much sympathy can they create by disrupting the lives of people living on the edge of civilization?”
Kaleb returned to the road, shaking his head, “I don’t have an answer for you, Tallis. Show me where you found the bodies of Masa and Kush. I need to create a mental picture so I can share what I learn with Nikolaos. Whoever he’s listening to isn’t providing him with reliable information.”
I wondered how Nikolaos gets his facts when I’ve never sent runners to the fortress. “Kush and Masa died near the center of town, east of the main road and the well.” I’m uncertain why we needed to study the crime scene again, but I suppose it won’t hurt, and it will please Kaleb. At least he’s not yelling at me anymore.
When we reached our destination, I raised my hand. Everyone stopped except Kaleb, who continued further along the road, before rejoining his troops, “So, this is where your men died. I still see their blood on the stones. Did their killers catch them off guard and surprised them? How did Masa and Kush defend themselves?”
How am I supposed to know? I wasn’t present when they died, and to my knowledge, neither was anyone else, “What if they recognized their killers, Kaleb? Or the men walked toward my soldiers and attacked them when they reached their location? The men who murdered Kush and Masa may have appeared harmless to them.”
Kaleb shook his head before turning around and walking toward the lake. He passed several houses before stopping to study the ancient buildings while rubbing his forehead, looking perplexed, “Let’s continue our patrol, Tallis.”
I wish I could read Kaleb’s mind. He’s not one to share information. I can see why he’s counting the days until retirement. Kaleb’s earned his pension for serving more than the required twenty-three years in Herod’s service. I hope I live long enough to retire also, but you never know?
As our entourage walked toward the south gate, I reviewed the events of the night Masa and Kush died, along with the desertions of Acaph and Mered. When Kaleb stopped asking questions, I brought up a previous conversation, “If you have any suggestions on how I can position my soldiers, to improve our effectiveness, please tell me, sir. Our citizens deserve better protection, and I take pride in doing my job well. So do my men.”
Kaleb hesitated, “I don’t have any answers for you, Tallis. But what you’re doing isn’t meeting the security needs of your residents. Your Conturbenium contains ten men. Get the job done.” My boss poked me with his finger, “Losing control isn’t an option either of us can live with. No more trouble, or you’ll become my problem. Do you understand me?” Kaleb’s voice intensified with each comment, “Go home and think over what we’ve discussed. I’ll do the same. See me tomorrow. I want you to explain how you plan to resolve Hammath’s problems. Good day.”
My Centurion’s comments stunned me, and my headache returned, as I watched Kaleb walk away. Now I’m the problem? Doesn’t Kaleb care what happens in Hammath, or is he only concerned with keeping Nikolaos off his back? What’s the Commander’s role in all this?

      

The sound of Ya-el’s screechy voice flowed over our courtyard walls and broke my train of thought. I paused before stepping inside, trying to decide if I wanted to join my family’s gathering, or returning to the lake and enjoy the rest of my morning alone and in silence. Herod’s Army could use someone like my sister-in-law. Her voice might prove useful in projecting orders to distant troops or, better yet, frightening our enemies. She could torture any prisoners held in captivity. They’d confess in seconds at the sound of her horrific voice. I wonder if I can introduce her to Acaph and Mered one day?
Abigail rushed over and kissed me as I entered our courtyard, “Welcome home, my love. I missed you.”
I glanced around, “How many people did you invite? Today’s the Sabbath. Did some of our family members break the law today?”
My wife gazed into my eyes and gave me a coy smile, “They made a choice to spend today with us, dear. It’s on their shoulders, not mine, and I invited ten people, but my brother and sister didn’t come.” Abigail took my hand and pulled me toward our family members as she asked, “Since when did you worry about God’s laws?” I didn’t bother to respond, and her smile faded, “Come with me. I want you to meet your brother’s girlfriend. You may like her. She’s a perfect match for Hilarion.”
“How? Efa’s name means ‘gloomy,’ and my brother’s name means happy?”
Abigail frowned and gave me a gentle push, “Behave yourself, my love.”
A charming young maiden sat next to my youngest sibling. She smiled as my wife, and I approached, and Hilarion grinned and stood, “Tallis, I would like to introduce you to Efa.”
I returned her smile, “Welcome to our home, Efa. It’s an honor to meet you at last. I hope you enjoy spending your day with our family.” Abigail and I turned toward my mother, who sat next Hilarion, and I whispered to my wife, “Hilarion isn’t ready for marriage. He’s eighteen, but he’s only an apprentice for Zosimos. He doesn’t make enough money to support a wife, and neither of them has a father to arrange their marriage.” I didn’t mention hard work was something Hilarion avoided when possible. He needed to develop a better work ethic, according to Zosimos.
Odelia wrapped her arms around my neck and pulled me forward so she could kiss her eldest son. At six and a half feet tall, I towered over my mother and wife. Both women stood an inch over five feet in height. I returned my mother’s kiss as Abigail called both of our mothers’ names, “Nammi, Odelia, would you help me set the food out for our guests?”
Nammi said something to my wife, and Abigail glanced at me, smiling, “Our old chair broke a few mornings ago, and we needed to replace it.”
Seconds later, Zosimos walked over and placed his hand on my shoulder, “May I have a moment to share my news with everyone, Tallis?”
I’m proud of my brother, “May I have your attention, please? Zosimos would like to speak with everyone.” The room fell silent. “Go ahead, brother.”
Zosimos beamed and nodded, “Shalom. Commander Nikolaos visited my shop earlier this week and asked me to sign a contract to perform all the repair work for the Army headquartered in Tiberias. The job includes making new weapons, armor, and chariots. I accepted his offer. I’m so excited, and I may need to locate a larger building and hire more workers to help me.”
Our entire family cheered, and Odelia caused her middle son to stumble when she pulled him forward to kiss Zosimos. Ya-el smiled and blessed everyone by not letting out one of her shrieking noises. We spent the rest of our day feasting, celebrating, and counting our blessings, though I pondered my future and rehashed my conversation with Kaleb.



Chapter 8


My soldiers need a day off. Me too. If I didn’t patrol Hammath’s streets on the Sabbath, my troops would lose their effectiveness faster, and when I reached the north gate, my men were standing in marching formation. Today, I planned to meet with Kaleb, but I’d failed to come up with any answers for my Centurion. It wouldn’t surprise me if my superiors didn’t either.
Habib spoke without permission, “What’s the matter, Tallis? You look terrible. Are you feeling well?”
“I couldn’t sleep last night. Our entire family spent the Sabbath visiting my wife and me.” I won’t mention Kaleb visited Hammath yesterday, “Let’s march. We need to arrive on time, and I hope today is good.”
“Every day is good, sir. God is with us, so nothing can stand against us. Right?”
“If you say so, Habib.” I wonder how my troops would react if they knew the pressure Kaleb placed upon everyone to perform an impossible task. Do my superiors want us to fail? I lead a team of dedicated men, doing a superior job. Yet, Kaleb and Nikolaos hold us responsible for the problems occurring in our region. I need to protect my troops as much as possible. I wonder how Nikolaos discovered Kiva had an accident? Does our Commander have spies studying our every move?
Bazak yelled, “Tallis, what are you doing, Tallis? You stopped in the middle of the highway. We almost trampled you.”
“Sorry, I lost track of—Oh, never mind. Continue on.” Is Herod in bed with Rome? The Tetrarch bought his title, and he wants to hold on to his power and gain more anyway possible.
Simon’s voice interrupted my thinking, “We won’t arrive on time at this rate, sir. Why are you marching so slow?”
I picked up my pace. Would Herod hire people to spy for him? “Anything’s possible.”
“What’s possible, Tallis?”
“My apologies, Simon. Don’t pay attention to me. I’m thinking as we march.” If our troops get lucky and drive the Zealots from Galilee, Antipas will impress Rome. Then the Tetrarch can bargain for additional favors from Caesar, and Pilate too, but Herod may end up being too smart for his own good. The apple didn’t fall far from his family tree.
As my Conturbenium entered the fortress gate, I spotted Nikolaos standing across the courtyard, watching his soldiers and five more Centuries packed inside the walls. Is the Commander going to address our troops this morning? He looks upset. I wonder if Abigail and I could sneak away to a safe place? Where could we go where the Romans won’t find us?
Nikolaos paced as Gavius and his Century entered the courtyard. Once in position, our Commander addressed everyone, “Yesterday morning, I received a report of an incident occurring on the Sabbath.” Nikolaos turned at glared and my Conturbenium and me, “Four men attacked a local Rabbi as he walked along a street in his hometown. If these attacks continue, those troops who don’t perform to my expectations will face severe disciplinary action. This morning I had my assistant transcribe the name of every soldier present on slips of parchment. Should we call your name, you will step forward and serve as an example of what may happen if similar incidents occur in Galilee.”
Gavius stood next to Nikolaos before turning to address his own troops. Six Roman soldiers stepped from their ranks. Each man carried a whip. Then Adolphus, holding a gold container, joined the two officers, as a hush fell over the congregation. I said a quick prayer, asking God to spare my Conturbenium from this ordeal. Gavius stirred the contents before drawing a slip and handing it to our Commander.
Nikolaos called out, “Ektor!” I didn’t recognize the name, “Ektor, step forward.” A scream rose from somewhere across the courtyard, and several Roman troops sprinted toward the sound and dragged a soldier forward.
Two massive posts, driven into the earth, stood in front of Herod’s troops. The Romans bound Ektor’s hands together and secured them to a pillar above his head. Next, Gavius’s men ripped the clothing from Ektor’s upper body, tossing the items to the ground. Gavius reached into the container again and stirred the contents while smiling at his audience. He continued mixing the slips, intimidating the crowd. My sweat ran down my forehead into my eyes. My head ached. Rumors of Roman atrocities had circulated for centuries describing the brutalities inflicted on their soldiers. Many times they murdered their men who failed to complete their assigned missions. Then they would slaughter a few more to send the message, it’s better to die in battle than fail.
Gavius drew a second slip and handed it to Nikolaos, “Nava! Where are you, Nava?” I heard a gasp, and the Roman soldiers ran to where the unlucky man stood, trembling, and dragged Nava forward, securing him to the post next to Ektor. I said another prayer for my soldiers’ safety. The six Romans formed two groups. One trio positioned themselves facing the exposed back of Ektor. The remaining three lined up behind Nava. Each soldier snapped his whip to loosen his muscles, but more likely to intensify the fear of everyone present. Whose idea was this? Why would Herod want to turn his own troops against the Army’s leadership and the Tetrarch himself? Desertions and violence may increase if the local citizens learn innocent men received punishment for the failure of others. I don’t understand this madness.
The first blow struck Ektor’s back caused a red welt to form, running from his right shoulder down to his left hip. His body twitched when the whip struck, but he managed not to scream. It appeared the crop didn’t contain bone or metal fragments woven into the thong or popper. Otherwise, blood would stream from the wound, and his flesh would shred. A second soldier delivered the next blow with similar results, but this time Ektor couldn’t tolerate the pain. His screams echoed off the fortress’ walls. Those observing lowered their eyes. The scenario repeated itself another nineteen times before Nava received a similar beating. I glanced at Nikolas, who stood smiling. I thought of charging forward and killing him but realized I’d never reach the Commander before the Romans took my life.
Once the whippings ended, Gavius issued another command, and two soldiers cut Ektor and Nava free. Both men collapsed, quivering and moaning. No one dared step forward to care for their colleagues. Most of those observing stood trembling, knowing two comrades took a beating for something beyond their control, and I realized Nikolaos now faced more complicated problems. We now have a severe disconnect between the Jewish people, the Romans, and their puppet, Herod Antipas, and his government. The animosity against them will only increase unless changes occur. One day our local citizens may take their anger out on the soldiers assigned to protect them, and I hope it’s not against my Conturbenium.
Without warning, Gavius shouted and watched his troops snapped to attention, moving into marching formation. Another command, the north gate opened, and the Romans marched four-by-four, leaving the fortress while Nikolaos scowled at his soldiers. Adolphus reappeared, holding a small water basin. Our Commander turned, dipped his fingers, and dried his hands before addressing his soldiers. “Tallis, you and your troops tend to these two. Then dress them. The rest of you let this serve as a warning. Failure is not an option. There will be peace in Galilee. Now, go home and perform your duties. Dismissed.”
My Conturbenium rushed forward. I ordered Simon and Tam to bring water and fetch something to dry the backs of Nava and Ektor after they’d cleaned their skin. Neither man suffered cuts, but both soldiers endured horrific beatings. This morning, my troops and I became scapegoats for something we couldn’t prevent, and every soldier standing in the courtyard realized this might happen again. From this point forward, failure meant soldiers would die.

      

My troops and I returned to Hammath. What do I tell my troops? Kaleb and Nikolaos blame me for Kiva’s injuries. After this morning, so does every soldier stationed in Galilee. I wonder when the next attack on our community will occur. What’s the agenda of our troublemakers, and how can I obtain the information needed to capture one or two men causing the chaos? The fate of my soldiers depends on me finding a solution. If we can’t prevent the attacks on Hammath, my Conturbenium faces similar discipline. God help us.
As we neared the olive grove, I ordered my troops to halt, “We need to talk. Follow me to the trees. Everyone sat down under the barren branches. They looked beaten, whipped, “I want to apologize for placing everyone in a tough situation. You and I realize no one can predict the future. I can’t read people’s minds, but I would love to.” My troops sat without speaking. Blank stares covered their faces, as I struggled to maintain a brave face and select the right words to say. A leader can’t share too much information with his subordinates, but my Conturbenium has to work together if we hope to prevent crime in Hammath. I bowed my head, asking for God’s help before addressing my soldiers, “We all work hard to perform your duties, and you do your job’s well. I commend each of you, and I thank you for your loyalty.” I paced, hands behind me, wondering what to say next, “I’m afraid there is more going on than we realize.” I froze in my tracks, took a deep breath, and faced my troops, “Please keep what I tell you amongst yourselves.” A few soldiers smiled. I have their attention, “Trust is an essential ingredient in completing our mission. I suspect Nikolaos is singling us out, attempting to save face for himself and Herod—Allow me to explain my thinking. What if Rome wants Herod removed from power? Then Caesar can gain control over Perea and Galilee, instead of supporting a rich man who bought his title with a bribe.” I’ve said too much. If my words leak out. Nikolaos will bind me to a post, “During this past week or two, Kaleb has told me how proud he is of us, and with his next breath, he says we need to improve. Prevent crime before it happens. Otherwise, he will take disciplinary action against us. We saw an example of what awaits us this morning.”
I paced again, hoping my men didn’t see my nervousness, “Yesterday morning, Kaleb came to my door moments after I’d returned from completing my patrol. He brought another Conturbenium with him and their Decanus. Kaleb announced he wanted to examine the exact location where the runners had bumped into Kiva. I later showed him where the culprits came ashore. Our Centurion believed me when I ensured him, we hadn’t found evidence of foul play after checking our village.” I felt my shoulders and neck muscles tightening as I attempted to relax. I’ve crossed a line, but my men need to understand the issues we face, Kaleb told me his superiors are now pressuring him to drive the Zealots from our region. Still, after watching Nikolaos and Gavius this morning, I got the impression Rome would enjoy seeing these uprisings continue. This is my gut talking now, nothing more, but I know Caesar must tire of hearing all the complaints from the Jews regarding Herod. Again, this is my opinion, and I don’t have any evidence to base my statements.”
From the corner of my eye, I noticed Bazak stand, “Tallis, we understand you are not responsible for the pressures brought to bear on us. We support you and your leadership, and together, we will get through this and defeat our enemies. You can count on us, sir.” Every man nodded when Bazak concluded his comments.
Simon stood next, “Thank you for supporting us, Tallis, and for serving as our Decanus. It’s an honor to work for a man we trust. We’ve got your back like you have ours.”
My soldier’s words stunned me. How do I respond? Was Abigail, right? God watches over us? “Allow me to some ideas. I realize we need additional troops to protect Hammath day and night. When Kaleb and I spoke yesterday morning, I shared my thoughts with him, and he agreed we needed more soldiers to help protect our community. We need at least six men on duty during the day and more after sundown. But, without extra soldiers, no one could celebrate the Sabbath or take time off for their personal needs. Thirty more troops would help. Forty would be better.” Everyone smiled in agreement. They’re with me, “When we’ve patrolled these past few nights, I’ve assigned teams to protect specific areas of Hammath. What if we change our tactics and use random patterns? We can focus more attention alone the lakeshore. It caught me by surprise when we discovered the men who ran into Kiva entered our community by boat. I never gave the idea any thought. Tam, what do you say?”
I watched the man’s jaw drop when I called his name, and Tam stood, looked me in the eye, and said, “I like your thinking, sir. Changing our strategies might confuse anyone who wants to create problems and destroy property within our village walls.”
Habib spoke after dusting leaves from his uniform, “People don’t have to know our every move, but they should understand we are nearby and working to prevent trouble. We want the insurgents to realize we may catch them if they attempt to enter Hammath.
No one commented, so I thanked those who contributed to our discussion, “Does anyone else care to share their thoughts?... As much as I would love to give everyone tonight off, we need to continue patrolling our streets until midnight. I want Simon and Bazak to develop one or more alternative plans for our evening patrol routines. Make sure your ideas include coverage of the shoreline, bathhouse, and hot springs inside the north wall. This will provide greater flexibility in protecting our homes and the marketplace. Any comments or questions? No? Then it’s time to patrol Hammath before heading home and tending to our personal responsibilities this afternoon. Tonight, we’ll meet at sundown and discuss the concepts Bazak and Simon present for our consideration. Thank you for listening to my ideas. Keep your eyes open this afternoon. We don’t need more surprises.”



Chapter 9


Abigail stood near our table when I returned home after patrolling Hammath. She grabbed my hand and pulled me toward the bed across the room, “Come, my love, I can make your troubles disappear.”
I didn’t plan to hurt her feelings, “Not now, dear. This isn’t a good time. My head hurts, and my soul aches.” I felt my wife’s stare as she glared at me with hands on her hips.
“It’s never the right time. Our mothers want to know when they’ll become grandmothers. Should I say my husband worries too much? He’s not interested in making them happy or pleasing his wife? I’m out of excuses, Tallis.” Abigail smiled and wrapped her arms around my waist, “Why is your soul troubled? Would you like to eat something?”
How do I respond?
“Would food make you feel better, or do you need someone to listen to your troubles? You can tell me. Let me rub your shoulders to help you relax. Come sit on the stool.” Abigail studied my face, “Are you paying attention? I’m talking to you.”
I shook my head, “My problems don’t concern you, dear. Our relationship is good.”
Abigail shoved me away when I tried to return her hug, “How can you say such a thing? You come home more stressed than before you left. Tell me what’s wrong. I’m your wife, your helpmate. Talking can ease your pain, refresh your soul, and clear your mind.”
I sensed my wife’s frustration increase when I didn’t respond right away, as I struggled to gather my thoughts. Do I confide in her or not? I walked over and sat on our new chair, “You must keep everything I tell you confidential for security and safety sake, Abigail. You can’t share anything with our mothers, the Rabbi, or anyone else.”
My wife glared at me as she poked a finger into my stomach, “Are you saying I can’t keep your secrets to myself?”
I stood, watching her stand in front of me, wondering what to say next, “I’m not supposed to share sensitive information with anyone. I don’t want my own soldiers to know everything either. Herod would execute me and smile as I died before his eyes.”
Abigail grabbed my waist and squeezed me tight, “How can I help the man I love when he doesn’t talk to me? Keeping everything inside while your thoughts race around your mind in circles isn’t good. I promise to keep our discussion between God and the two of us. Come.” Abigail let go, walked to an empty chair, and patted the seat before sitting on one next to it, “Tallis, sit. We need to talk. Stop pacing. Don’t you know my soul aches when I see you upset? Sit down and tell me your troubles.”
I studied my wife as she watched me, waiting for my next move. She won’t give up on this. The softness of her voice enticed me, and I gave in and joined her at the table, “Do you give my your word you won’t share any of this with our mothers or anybody else?”
“I’ve already promised you, dear. You can trust me. Is this related to Kaleb’s letter and his appearance at our door on the Sabbath morning?”
My wife’s voice always has a hypnotic effect on me. I felt helpless, “The Romans returned to the fortress this morning. It wasn’t good. Our Commander ordered five other Centuries to join us. I expected our usual training session for my soldiers, and to meet with Kaleb, followed by our Decanus’s meeting.” I continued to explain how Nikolaos wanted to teach everyone a lesson. But he mentioned the incident involving Kiva, “Everyone understood who Nikolaos referred to when stared at me.” I felt my anger returning as my neck and shoulder muscles tightened. Speaking became difficult as my eyes watered, “Nikolaos blamed us for not preventing the incident. How were we supposed to know Kiva take a walk, and who would expect four men to run along a dark street and bump into a Rabbi?”
Abigail stood, moved behind me, and massaged my shoulders and neck. I lowered my head and let her continue as my headache returned, “How did Nikolaos discover someone attacked an old man in Hammath? He didn’t have his facts straight, either.” I jumped to my feet in anger, and my wife leaped back, “Somebody told him. Otherwise, Kaleb wouldn’t have arrived on our doorstep yesterday morning with an entire Conturbenium in tow.” I paced around the table twice and sat.
Abigail kissed my cheek and continued to massage my aching muscles, “How did they punish you and your men?”
“Mind games, dear mind games.” I explained how Nikolaos selected two soldiers, and how they received a whipping from the Romans because my troops and I failed to prevent Kiva’s accident, “Each man received nineteen lashes.” I covered my face and muttered, “I don’t understand why our Commander took such drastic action against his own soldiers.”
My wife wrapped her arms around me, and her voice trembled, “The Army can’t hold your soldiers responsible, yet they blame you and your Conturbenium for an accident occurring at night. What if Herod finds out?”
I continued to sit, listening to Abigail’s sniffles, not wanting to share more than she could handle. I realize my wife wants to help, but she looks so overwhelmed, “Rome rules by fear, dear. This morning they disciplined innocent men and shammed my troops. Nikolaos wanted to send a message to every soldier, saying you better do your job. But his expectations aren’t realistic. Our Commander said future discipline would intensify if we didn’t squash the Zealots or anyone who causes problems in our region.”
“That’s not fair, Tallis.”
“Life’s not fair, Abigail. The Romans discipline their men, so they will fear their officers and won’t desert. Today Nikolaos went easy on us. Next time, I fear, someone will die.”
“No,” Abigail cried out as gasped as she comprehended what she’d heard, “I can’t handle this, Tallis.” My wife grabbed me and held on tight, sobbing.
I hugged the love of my life, deciding how to respond. I don’t want to crush her spirit, but she might as well hear my entire story, so nothing else surprises her later, “There’s more, dear. Kaleb told me for a second time, I may not receive a promotion to Centurion when he retires. He also threatened me. I could receive a discharge or demotion if the troubles continue. After this morning’s ordeal, I fear for our safety.” Abigail’s sobs intensified, and I’ve shared too much.
We continued our embrace for some time. Silence soothes the soul when you’re hugging someone you love. A lifetime later, Abigail whispered, “Why would they treat you this way, Tallis? I don’t understand how your superiors can hold you and your troops responsible for every problem occurring in Galilee. What will we do? No one will hide us. Herod and this Army will find us and take everything we own, and he’ll murder our family members. God knows he’s killed his own relatives.”
Abigail’s squeezed me tight and continued to cry. I rubbed her shoulders as we continued our embrace, “I don’t have time to fret over someone else might do, but I wonder who’s in charge of Galilee and Perea. Our Commander does the talking, but only after conferring with Gavius. Throughout our training session, their Centurion would speak to Nikolaos, who would pass the message to our troops.” I stepped back, ending our hug, “I need to create some new strategies before my soldiers, and I patrol tonight.”
My wife looked at me and forced a smile through her tears, “I love you.” I leaned over and kissed her lips, realizing she felt better before our conversation began. Then Abigail turned and entered our sleeping quarters to pray. I hope God answers. My soldiers and I need help.
I continued to sit a stool, struggling to concentrate. My mind wandered as I labored to grasp the events of the past several days. We’ve had problems in Hammath but not elsewhere. One question haunts me. How do my supervisors know what happens in Hammath? I haven’t sent runners, yet they’re aware of everything occurring in our village. Are the men causing our problems working for Nikolaos? What am I missing,” do our attackers spy on us? My head hurts. I stood and paced, wondering where and when the next attack would occur. Will they switch tactics and cause trouble in another community?
I froze, “The runners.”
“Did you say something, Tallis?”
Abigail’s voice startled me, “I’m thinking out loud, sorry.” The tallest runner troubles me. Most Jewish men are short in stature. We gentiles tower over them. Hilarion and Zosimos are my height, but they consider themselves Jews. I suppose I am half-Jew, but when I asked them where they were on two specific nights, their stories differed. They need to get their answers straight, but one of them isn’t telling the truth. Neither of them would hurt someone on purpose. What if our visitors received inside information and studied our patrolling patterns in advance? This way, they avoided detection. Are spies living in our midst? Do one or more of our enemies live right under our noses? Where?
I need to speak with some former acquaintances. Maybe they have friends living in Hammath. When I questioned Hilarion and Zosimos the other morning, their stories didn’t match. Hilarion claimed he went running with friends, including our brother. I doubt he would spy on us, and Zosimos works too hard to stay up all night. Who can I ask to help me?
“Abigail, I’m leaving to join my troops. Secure our door behind me.” Both of my brothers would love to see the Romans leave Palestine. They don’t like Herod either, but Zosimos might change his mind since he works for the Tetrarch. If our government topples, every soldier in Herod’s Army will lose their jobs. Who can I motivate to watch my brothers?

      

My soldiers huddled together inside our north gate, whispering amongst themselves, when I arrived, “Thank you for being on time. Before we begin our patrols, I want to discuss any ideas Bazak and Simon developed.”
Bazak spoke first, “Simon and I spent the afternoon walking our streets. We believe we should continue working in pairs for safety reasons but adjust our patrol patterns and timing. Before tonight, each team patrolled an assigned number of streets or areas. We walked from one end to another. We ought to focus more on protecting Hammath’s gates and lakeshore. People enter our community by boat while others leave through unsecured gates.”
“I like your ideas. You’ve summarized our situation in Hammath well. Thank you. Anything else?”
Simon shared his ideas next, “We should change how we patrol, sir, so anyone trying to figure out our movements can’t predict when we arrive or leave certain parts of town. Make the element of surprise work to our advantage.”
I thanked both men as Tam stood, “I’d like to add something, Tallis, if I may. If we vary the time we begin and end our patrols, we might confuse our troublemakers. Then they’d have difficulty spying on us.”
“Excellent observations, Tam. Does anyone else want to share or add to our discussion?... No? Then we’ll implement Simon and Bazak’s ideas and make modifications depending upon our circumstances.” I made a few adjustments on how my soldiers paired up while keeping five teams. Each pair received specific assignments before heading out. I hope each new strategy proves useful. Involving my troops will improve their effectiveness, build confidence, and make my soldiers feel they had a voice in the procedures we use to protect Hammath’s citizens.
Our first rotation through town went according to plan. Each team followed directions to perfection. They also switched directions and patrolled the lakeshore on alternate trips through the community. As the night progressed, each pair of soldiers continued to adjust their patterns, so any spies wouldn’t know their exact routes. I also noted an improvement in the morale of my troops.
Midnight arrived, and I gathered my soldiers together near the north tower wall. I hope our residents felt secure tonight since Hammath remained trouble-free, “Men, you performed your duties well tonight. I’m proud to serve as your leader. Let’s pray we get through another day without incident. With luck, the rains will arrive, and we reduce our patrols.” I smiled at each soldier and notice several men shivering, “One more thing. If you run into trouble, use any means necessary to control the situation. Kaleb would prefer we capture our insurgents rather than kill them, but you’re free to take any action needed. Remember to sound the alarm if you see or hear anything unusual. Let’s go home and sleep.”



Chapter 10


Sunrise arrived way too early for me. Abigail woke as I prepared to leave, “I hope you enjoy your day with our mothers. I plan to meet a friend who lives in Tiberias after our meeting. I’ll return home in time to patrol the streets this afternoon, but before I leave, I want to remind you to keep your ears and eyes open. Look around for people watching my soldiers as they patrol. I can’t help but wonder if our troublemakers study every move we make.”
Abigail nodded and smiled, “I’ll try to remember. You understand our mothers, and I get busy chatting with people. I’m not sure you want Nammi and your mother involved. They talk too much.”
Forty minutes later, I found myself in Tiberias, wandering through their marketplace, looking for my friend’s house. Two years ago, the man received a medical discharge from Herod’s Army. With luck, today would become a turning for my Conturbenium.
The marketplace buzzed with farmers and merchants selling their goods while shoppers dickered, trying to get a great deal possible. I meandered through the crowd before hustling along a street, headed north. I didn’t wear my uniform, hoping to remain unnoticed. Still, someone might recognize me as there aren’t many six and a half feet tall blond men living in the region, and Herod’s soldiers patrolling the streets might spot me and ask questions. I can’t afford the fallout from my superiors for not being on duty in Hammath.
Reaching my destination, I checked my surroundings before knocking. Seconds later, Paroh opened his door. My friend’s jaw dropped when he recognized me standing in front of him, “May I come in? I need your help, and I don’t want people to recognize me or see us talking.” Paroh stepped back, allowing me to slip indoors.
“Tallis, what brings you to my home? I haven’t seen you for two years. I thought you’d forgotten me.”
“Never. I trust your family is well and healthy.” I patted Paroh’s shoulder. It’s good to see him, “Have you recovered from your injuries?”
Paroh nodded, “Recovery takes time, but thank you for saving my life. The Army doctor can’t help me anymore, but I continue to get stronger.”
“I’m glad you survived. I wasn’t sure you would, but you’ve pulled through.” A little boy scampered across the room and hugged his father, “Your son appears happy and energetic. What a blessing.”
“My family and I are fine, thank you, Tallis, and my son grows taller every day. He’s smart too. For a four-year-old, he runs like the wind, but what brings you to my home this morning?”
I made a quick survey of my surroundings. How does Paroh’s family exist? A lone window provided the only light source and ventilation for the smoke-filled room since baking and cooking occurred indoors. Cracks in the exterior walls allowed wind and rain to seep inside. I had trouble seeing through the smoke, “I came to visit you because you’re the only person I know who can help me.”
Paroh’s eyes bugged out before a smile covered his face, “Help you? My skills aren’t what they used to be, Tallis,  but I’m willing to help if possible. My family and I owe you my life.
“So, how can I help you, Tallis?”
“I need you to serve as my eyes and ears in Tiberias, my friend. Keep track of what goes on around the fortress and the blacksmith shop near the well. A man named Zosimos owns the business. He’s my middle brother. I’ll pay you two dinars daily.” Paroh covered his mouth, and he became teary-eyed, “The money won’t make you a rich man, but it’s all I can afford.”
“I’m honored to help, but why me, Tallis?”
I couldn’t help but smile at my friend’s joy, “No one will pay attention to you because you limp. With luck, Herod and his troops will remember you as a soldier, but the people working for the smithy won’t recognize you. Act and dress like a beggar, but I need reliable information fast. I’ll visit you as my schedule allows.”
Paroh scratched his head, “Tell me more, Tallis. Should I watch the leaves fall from the trees as gusts blow them along the cobblestones? I could listen to the screechy voices of women waddling along the streets.”
“No, Hammath faces serious problems from Zealots wanting to disrupt our community. I need you to figure out when, where, and how they plan to attack next. Also, I need you to find out who is providing information to our Commander. Nikolaos knows everything happening in our community before I notify my superiors.” Paroh remained silent, staring at me, “Do you want the job or not?”
Paroh grinned, “I’ll start right after you leave.”
“Thank you, my friend.” I pulled my sack of coins from my belt, “I want to give you six dinars in advance plus another ten for agreeing to help me. They’re yours to keep.” Paroh beamed, “One more thing. I’ve learned my brother signed a contract with Herod’s Army to repair his damaged equipment and make new weapons. You may come across several people with loose lips inside his shop. Keep your ears open.”
Paroh reached for the coins, “You can depend on me, Tallis.”
“I know I can, my friend or I wouldn’t ask for your help. You can play dumb in a sticky situation. Overcome your pride and beg. People will talk in your presence if they don’t view you as a threat.”
“I’m good at playing dumb. Ask my wife. She says I can make a post look smart.”
“You’re a funny man, Paroh. Thank you for your help. Now, I must return to Hammath in time to relieve my soldiers.”
My friend turned toward his son, “Tell your mother I have a job. I’m not sure when I’ll return home. Be a good boy while I’m gone.”
We left Paroh’s house together, “Keep your head down and your eyes open. I hope to meet with you tomorrow morning. I trust you’ll learn something. Be careful.” I turned and walked back toward the marketplace while Paroh limped along the cobblestones toward the well and blacksmith shop.

      

Hammath remained peaceful for a second night as the first hint of blue sky brightened the eastern horizon when I reached our marketplace. Simon joined me minutes later, followed by Bazak, “Good morning. Let’s hope today goes well. I want to try a new strategy as we patrol our streets. I want each of us to introduce ourselves to our neighbors and make friends. When you meet your colleagues, stop and compare information on what you learned. Who knows, it may prove useful.”
The marketplace became congested as the sun rose higher. When we reached the road hugging the lake, I paused and watched a crew clean the bathhouse, as they prepared for the day’s customers. Further south, several fishermen loaded gear into their boats, but most had cast their nets at the best spots on the water hours ago.
I followed Bazak and Simon toward Hammath’s south wall. As they patrolled, both soldiers paused and greeted those they met. People smiled at my soldiers as they conversed. A few minutes later, I joined the pair, “I’m surprised it’s so peaceful this morning. Thank you for following through on my request to greet our neighbors. I appreciate your efforts.”
Simon smiled, “Bazak, and I decided we are the lucky ones. God has blessed us. We have wives and families who love and pray for us. We are healthy and well-paid. My prayer is God will bless everyone as much as He blesses me, but many folks sit along the roadside, hoping someone will help them. This bothers me, Tallis.”
“God is good, Simon, and I hope our problems disappear soon. But I don’t want Nikolaos to whip me for something beyond my control either.”
“If Herod discharges us, Simon, we’ll sit against a wall begging for food with the others,” Bazak said. I smiled as we bantered back and forth, never realizing we shared similar concerns. “Do you remember our first meeting, Tallis? It was before your assignment to our Conturbenium. You weren’t a Decanus then. Sometimes it seems like I joined the Army yesterday, but other days, I can’t remember civilian life. After yesterday, my family’s future is at stake, and I don’t like the feeling.”
“Your memory is better than mine, Bazak. I suppose we’ve served Herod longer than either of us realized. Still, the troubles we’ve experienced depress me. Whoever thought I would look forward to the rainy season and frigid weather.” I stepped closer to the pair, “Enough talk for now. It’s time to focus on doing our jobs. We’ll catch these troublemakers and restore peace to Hammath. I want both of you to continue to patrol and keep your spirits up. We perform a valuable service to this community.” Both soldiers nodded before turning and walking toward the south gate.
In the distance, I spotted my wife and their mothers. Each carried a basket containing bread, fish, fruits, and vegetables on their heads. Helping others had become their passion. I watched the trio as they worked their way through the crowd.
The women walked around several people to reach those leaning against various building walls throughout the area. I followed Abigail, listening as she interacted with folks, “How are you, Martha? Have you eaten today? I have sweet figs, bread, and a fish fillet for you.” The old woman smiled at my wife, “Enjoy, I made the bread myself, and it’s warm.”
“Bless you, Abigail. I am well, and thank you for your kindness.”
“May I do anything else for you? The winter rains are late this year. Would a shawl help keep you warm?” Martha nodded, “I’ll bring you one tomorrow.”
Martha spoke through her tears, “After my husband died, I lost our home and land when I could no longer afford to pay the taxes, but God is good. I can’t complain.”
“Bless you, Martha. I’ll keep you in my prayers.” Abigail turned, looking for another poor soul. I hoped she was keeping an eye out for anyone looking suspicious or out of place. Seconds later, my wife acknowledged Nammi approaching her, “I don’t know how we can serve everyone who needs our help, mother. Folks come here to find work. Others need a place to live. The number of those seeking help increases daily. I worry, and my soul aches for them.”
“You’re right, dear. We meet new people who can’t meet their own daily survival needs. There’s a shortage of inhabitable houses, and food supplies will soon become scarce since the harvest season is over.”
Odelia joined Nammi and my wife, as the trio meandered along and came to an old man sitting on the cobblestones, leaning against the weaver’s shop wall. Abigail spoke, “Good morning, Bilhan.” Abigail reached into her basket, “Are you feeling better today? I brought fresh bread and some fish for you.”
The old man raised his shaking hand, “Thank you, dear one. Life is good. Praise God. Bilhan gets to eat today.”
“Where did you sleep last night?”
Bilhan cupped his hand next to his mouth, “It’s a secret, but I trust you.” He paused and looked around, “There’s a cave in the rocks beyond the west wall. It’s warmer than sleeping near the lake. It’s too windy by the water, and sleeping outside can make you sick.” My heart broke when I heard his story.
“How do you stay warm?”
“Several of us live in the cave. When we huddle together, our bodies help keep us from freezing.”
My wife smiled, “Tomorrow, I’ll bring you a wool blanket to protect you from the elements and keep you warm.”
Bilhan mumbled, “Thank you, Abigail.”
The women continued distributing their food to those sitting along Hammath’s main street, “We never have enough to feed everyone, mother, and our baskets are empty. Should we speak to Kiva? He might help us collect additional resources.”
“Can we do more, Abigail? My heart breaks when I see pain and suffering in people’s eyes. It’s my prayer God will motivate folks to give more food, provide shelter, clothing, and money.”
I pretended not to pay attention as Abigail and Nammi continued their conversation. As I turned away, my wife spoke again, “It bothers me when so few people help the poor. We are the only ones doing anything, and my basket is empty. I’ll visit the local farmers and buy what extra produce I can before going home to prepare our evening meal. Tomorrow, I’ll speak with Kiva, and try to convince him to encourage others to join us in providing for those who need our help. Good day, mother, Odelia?” Abigail kissed both women on their cheeks and turned. When she saw me watching, she paused, and waved, as our mothers headed to their homes.
“What’s the matter, Abigail?”
“I noticed two men standing near the carpenter’s shop earlier. They were old enough to work, and they didn’t dress like the poor folks we serve. I kept tabs on them, and minutes later, I watched the pair as they spoke to another well-dressed man near their age. When their conversation ended, the over-dressed fellow headed toward Tiberias. I lost sight of the other two.”
I thanked my wife, “I don’t know when I’ll return home. I’m proud of you and our mothers for how you care for those needing your help.” I headed south, wondering if the well-dressed man was the same fellow who bumped into me the other morning.

      

The sun doesn’t shine along several of Hammath’s narrow streets during the day. Less so, since Kush and Masa died. I wandered along the lane, dodging potholes and loose stones created by years, if not centuries, of neglect, looking for a tiny gray house, the smallest on the street made with local basalt blocks. Reaching my destination, I knocked on the weathered door and waited.
Seconds later, a raspy voice replied, “What do you want?”
“My name is Tallis. I’m looking for Addai.”
The lack of an immediate reply frustrated me since it became apparent someone was inside, “What if Addai doesn’t want to talk today?”
I heard a hacking cough, “I need your help, sir, and I want to offer you employment.”
“Addai is too old to work. Leave me alone.”
“The job is easy, plus the pay is good. Open the door, Addai, and listen to me.”
Another cough, “How did you know it was me?”
“I’ll explain once you open the door.”
The door creaked open, and I encountered a shriveled old man with a bald head, as Addai studied me. It wasn’t every day the local Decanus visited his house. During the seven years, I’ve lived in Hammath, I’d never seen this fellow until several days ago, sitting against a wall in our marketplace. His clothes looked like they’d fall or rot off his bony frame.
I smiled and introduced myself again, “I understand you spotted several men entering a house the other evening, sir. Please tell me what you saw. I would appreciate any information you can provide.”
Addai shut his door, “Go away, and leave me alone.”
He’s trembling, scared, “Please, don’t close the door. If I leave, the men may return and hurt you, if I can’t stop them. I need to ask you for a favor.”
“Why me?” The door closed until all I saw was one eye.
“Don’t be afraid, Addai. Nobody will harm you. I’m prepared to pay you to help me.”
“I told you, Addai’s too old and feeble. What could I ever do for you?”
Addai quit talking but didn’t close his door. I’ve sparked his interest, “May we speak in private… please? These streets and alleyways can hear, as you know, and what we discuss needs to remain between you and me. May I come inside?”
The old man hesitated, but the door remained cracked open. At last, the door opened. Addai pointed to a stool, “Sit there.”
I did as directed as I glanced around the interior of Addai’s one-room structure and heard his door close. My eyes burned, and my vision became difficult. The place needed ventilation to freshen the air. How does he live like this? “Addai, I’m a Decanus in Herod’s Army. My soldiers and I protect Hammath. It’s possible you knew my late father, Coridan. He passed away three years ago.”
Addai leaned against his door, “I knew both your parents, Tallis. I’m sorry your father died, but I trust he is with God today. So, how did you find me?”
“One of my soldiers spoke with you when two soldiers died. He gave me your name and mentioned where he thought you lived. The man also said you watched five men enter the house where one of my deceased soldiers used to live.”
The old man nodded, “It’s possible. Maybe not.”
I tried to avoid a sneeze, “Pardon me, Addai… Are you saying yes? No games, please. I need accurate information, and I trust what you tell me will help us capture the men who murdered my soldiers.”
“You ask too many questions? Do you think I can’t remember everything? Yes, I saw them. But I didn’t recognize anyone. It was dark.”
“Thank you for answering my question, sir.” I hope he doesn’t act this way whenever we meet, “I asked because you spoke with Simon.” Addai straightened up and stepped away from the door, his body swaying. I stood to catch him, hoping Addai didn’t faint, “Do you want to sit down, sir?” Addai reached for my outstretched hand as he trembled, “I hoped to hire you to help me find the people who murdered my soldiers.”
“I said, no. I’m old and feeble. What can I do? My body shakes, my ears and eyes fail me, and I may not be long for this world.”
I smiled, “You may live longer if I paid you two dinars every day to listen and tell me everything you discovered.”
Addai paused, cocked his head, “I better sit down, Tallis.” I reached for his arm, holding him steady as the old man stepped toward the stool, “When do I start?”
I placed my arm around Addai’s shoulder and helped him sit, “I want you to act like your usual self. Follow your daily routine as you walk through our village, visit the marketplace, or stroll along the lake. Listen and watch people.” Addai squinted as I spoke, “Learn everything you can about the men who murdered my soldiers. Find out when they plan to return and what they intend to do next.” I paused, not wanting to overwhelm the gentleman, took a deep breath, before coughing. “It’s an important job, but a man with your skills and experience can handle this.” Addai grinned, exposing his missing teeth.
“My soldiers and I need to prepare for any future attacks, and our troublemakers want to put fear into the hearts and souls of our fellow citizens. With your help, we won’t let them.” Addai didn’t respond, “My troops and I want you and your neighbors to live in a safe community. Please help us protect Hammath, Addai.” I hope I touched his soul and won his heart, but the old man didn’t say a word as he gazed across the room, “May I count on you, sir? Our future success depends on you.”
Addai rocked, and grinned, a blank stare in his eyes, “You’re an honorable man, Tallis. Like your father. He would be proud of you. Yes, I will help you.”
Our conversation was more difficult than I expected, but my stress disappeared, “Thank you. I will pay you two dinars a day. Please start this afternoon when you visit the marketplace or wherever you wander. Look for anything suspicious and share everything related to my soldier’s deaths or information I can use to prevent more trouble in Hammath.”
As the old man struggled to stand, his eyes sparkled, “I will make you proud. Yes, I’ll make you proud of this old man.”
I returned Addai’s smile as I removed my pouch, “I’m paying you for three days in advance.” I placed six coins in my friend’s hand, “There are yours to keep no matter what happens. Tell me what you learned. I’ll try to meet with you every day. Thank you so much, Addai.”
The old man hugged me as I studied my surroundings. I didn’t see any food or clothing other than what Addai wore, “Thank you for visiting me today, Tallis. I will help you with joy in my heart.”



Chapter 11


I almost fell from my bed when Abigail shook me, “Wake up, Tallis. Your soldiers will arrive at the north gate before you if you don’t hurry. Get dressed. I placed your morning meal on our table.”
I thanked my wife for allowing me to sleep a little longer. After gulping down my food, I headed the marketplace where four soldiers waited, “This morning, I want you to follow the same routes as yesterday. Continue to greet everyone you meet and remind people why we patrol Hammath’s streets. Ask how their families and businesses are doing. Encourage them and be kind to everyone you meet. Remember, the more compassion we show, the more people will trust and help us when emergencies arise.” I turned to leave, “One last thing. Keep your ears and eyes open.”
I watched as my men began their patrols. Nobody noticed I wasn’t wearing my uniform this morning. I hoped to reduce the chances of someone recognizing me during my visit to Tiberias. With luck, Paroh will have something useful to share with me.
Paroh invited me into his home after my first knock, “Come in.”
“Good morning, friend, I’m honored to see you again. I hope you have news for me. Something I can use to capture our murderers.”
Paroh nodded and stepped toward me, “What I heard doesn’t matter, but what I saw may interest you.”
“Talk fast, I can’t stay long. People will miss me in Hammath.”
“A former colleague, someone I grew up with but haven’t seen in years.”
“Don’t tease me, Paroh. I’m not in the mood for guessing games today. Who did you see?”
Paroh grinned, “Yesterday afternoon, I spotted Acaph leaving the blacksmith’s shop as I walked along the street. He slipped out the gate behind the building. I ducked out of sight so he wouldn’t see me.”
“Good work. Where did Acaph go?”
“I followed him at a distance, so he wouldn’t realize I was tailing him or he might try to lose me. Anyway, Acaph headed toward the fortress, but he took several side streets and met another man. I didn’t recognize this fellow, but as I limped past them, they spoke to each other.”
“Did you hear what they said?”
“Acaph called the man by name, and they spoke like they were friends. Mered was the other fellow. The pair whispered, so I didn’t hear their entire conversation.”
I nodded, “Go on.”
“When they finished, Acaph retraced his steps. Mered hurried to the fortress. I had trouble keeping up. When Mered arrived, a guard waved him through without checking his identification, since he wasn’t in uniform.”
This news caught me by surprise, “Impossible.”
“Why?”
“Kaleb assigned Mered and Acaph to my Conturbenium the night Kush and Masa died. I stationed them at our north gate, but they deserted, and the men who killed my soldiers escaped. Did you see or hear anything else?”
Paroh nodded, “I waited for several minutes. I could see into the courtyard from my location. Mered wandered around and stopped when he spotted whoever he was seeking, and seconds later, Nikolaos stepped into view. Later, the Commander handed Mered a small pouch like the one you have to carry coins before he returned to the administrative building. Mered stuck the sack under his belt and left through the north gate.”
“Where did he go?”
“I left Tallis. I didn’t want Mered seeing me again.”
I thanked my friend before heading toward my next destination. Does Nikolaos have his own informants, or did he arrange for Acaph and Mered to enlist, so they could spy on us? Is our Commander setting me up? No wonder Nikolaos didn’t appear upset when he learned Mered and Acaph deserted.

      

The sound of a hammer striking metal filled the air as I approached my brother’s shop. A sudden movement caught my attention, and I turned to see Acaph dart out the back gate, running north as fast as his fat stubby legs would carry him.
“Hello, brother.” Zosimos jumped when he heard my voice, and spun around with his hammer, prepared to attack, “It looks like you need to hire another apprentice to help complete your orders. With luck, you’ll soon become a wealthy man.”
Zosimos struggled to smile when he recognized me and placed his hammer on a nearby workbench, “What brings you to my shop, Tallis?”
“I need to ask you and Hilarion another question or two.”
Zosimos snarled, as he folded his arms across his chest, “Now what?”
I stepped closer, “Do you remember when I asked where you were on two nights last week?”
“How can I forget?”
“What did you tell me?”
“I said, I was with Ya-el. Don’t you believe me?”
“Don’t get upset, brother. You told me the truth.”
Zosimos placed his hands on his hips, “You came here to say you trust me?”
I smiled, hoping he’d relax, “I’m confused. I asked Hilarion the same question, and he said he was with you both nights, but you claim you were with your wife. Hilarion mentioned you and some friends had a great time laughing and joking. He also mentioned everyone went running.”
“We haven’t spent time together since I married Ya-el. Besides, we see each other at work. Trust me, that’s enough.” Zosimos grabbed his hammer, “No more questions. I have orders to complete.”
I glanced around the shop before walking toward the backdoor, stepped outside, and returned, “Where’s Hilarion?”
The expression on my bother’s face didn’t change as he turned and whispered, “Hilarion didn’t show up today, and he probably won’t arrive later.”
“I need a straight answer from our baby brother. I’ll check back later. He may be here on my next visit.”
Zosimos chuckled, “After I’m through yelling at him. I’ll mention you stopped in. I’d love for you to stay and chat, but today I’m a busy man. Have a safe trip home and say hello to our mother for me.”
I didn’t appreciate my brother blowing me off like a speck of dust on my shirtsleeve. Anyone else and I’d haul them to the fortress for questioning, but I accomplished one thing today. I expect my brothers will have a serious conversation the next time Hilarion shows up for work, “One last question before I leave. Who ran out your back gate as I arrived?”
“Someone was outback?”
“Do you know a man named Acaph?” Zosimos blushed.
“I’ve never heard the name before.”
“Funny. I watched Acaph sprint away when he saw me.” I and waved, “Good day, brother.” Zosimos shrugged as I turned toward the door. Somebody’s lying.

      

While my husband wasn’t home, I rushed around our house, preparing to join my mother and Odelia in the marketplace. Yesterday I boiled two dozen eggs gathered from our hens and baked several additional loaves of bread, so I could feed more hungry people before I ran out of food. Nammi and my mother-in-law decided they wanted to attend my meeting with Kiva. I wanted the Rabbi to pray for Tallis, his soldiers, and for the safety of Hammath. If I have enough courage, I will ask Kiva to persuade more women to help us serve the needy by providing food and necessities to distribute.
Reaching the marketplace, I searched for people I didn’t recognize or who appeared to study the movements of others nearby. The two men I’d seen yesterday weren’t around, so I distributed my wares. Martha received a shawl, and Bilhan owned a blanket, but we ran out of food despite our best efforts to bring additional items to distribute.
“We still don’t have enough to necessities to serve everyone, mother. I’m frustrated. We need more help and additional resources.”
Nammi agreed, “What time do we meet Kiva, Abigail?”
“The Rabbi said we could meet once we distributed our provisions, so I suppose it’s time to visit him.” Abigail and her mothers found Kiva sweeping the cobblestones outside the synagogue.
Kiva glanced up and smiled as the women approached, “Shalom, ladies. May the morning be kind to you, and I’m blessed to see everyone.”
“It’s good to be alive.”
“When you’re my age, Odelia, it’s wonderful to be alive every day. I understand the three of you wish to speak with me. How may I assist you?”
Kiva opened the synagogue door and followed the women inside. Odelia placed her basket on the floor and smiled at Kiva, “Please pray for Tallis? He’s my eldest son and Abigail’s husband.”
Kiva nodded, “I know your boy well, my dear. Tallis came to my aid the other night. Do you have other prayer requests?”
I moved closer to our Rabbi, “Will you pray for our ministry? We need more women to help us and additional donations. Pray, we can find housing for the homeless too.”
“My, you have quite a list, dear ladies. Where would you like me to begin, Abigail?”
Nammi joined the conversation, “Ask God to encourage the poor and give them hope.”
“I’ll include your request in my prayer. Anything else?”
Kiva paused when I spoke up, “Please pray for the soldiers who protect us. They face danger every day and ask God to drive away the troublemakers causing problems in Hammath, so they leave us alone.”
The Rabbi smiled and nodded, “As you wish, Abigail. I would like each of you to pray in silence while I offer my prayer on your behalf.”
Kiva raised his hands toward Heaven, “Father, God, I praise your name. Thank you for those who donate their time and give with joy in their hearts. We implore you to encourage others to step forward and share from their bounty so those in need can survive these difficult times. Please place a burden on the hearts of other women to help distribute the goods provided. Watch over Tallis and his soldiers, dear Father. Drive evil from our midst. Bring rain to replenish the land. Bless our community and the people who love and honor you. Give each person living in Hammath a caring heart. Bless Israel. Thank you, Amen.”
Nammi reached for Kiva’s hand, “Thank you so much.”
“Trust God, ladies. He will hear our prayers and fulfill your every need. It is my pleasure to help you today. I also want to encourage you to continue praying while giving thanks for the blessings you receive throughout the day. I will see you tomorrow. Good day.”

      

Addai saw me approaching his house and waved, “Good afternoon, Tallis. What a pleasure to see you today.”
“Shalom, to you, sir. I hope you're well.”
Addai grinned, “Today, I’m feeling good. Follow me. I suppose you don’t want people to watch us talking.” Addai opened his door, allowing me to enter first, “I took another walk through my neighborhood before you arrived. I wish I had news to share with you, but so far today, the streets remained quiet.” The old man grinned, “I will take another stroll later this afternoon, Tallis, or right before sunset. With luck, I may overhear a conversation and have something valuable to share tomorrow.”
Once again, I glanced around the interior of Addai’s home. I hoped the old man used a little of the money I gave him to buy food or new clothing, but everything remained the same. I wonder if he’ll ever spend the money I gave him or hoard it forever? He has more energy today, “I hope you will see or hear something soon, but if you don’t, it may signal nothing will happen over the next few days. By increasing our patrols may discourage our troublemakers from returning, though they may try to hide from view and study our movements. I’m sure they’d love to figure out how we operate. The rainy season should arrive soon, and they may give up their quest until the new year.”
The old man smiled, “It won’t rain tonight, Tallis. My joints don’t ache.”
“My men and I don’t enjoy working in wet weather either, but we need the moisture. I’m looking forward to a peaceful winter. My soldiers and I can use the rest, and if spring arrives late, I won’t complain.”
“If I learn anything new, I’ll come and find you, so we can talk. I will also pray for your soldiers and you, Tallis.”
“I hope you have information for me, but it’s safer if I find you. I don’t want you getting hurt after sundown, and thank you for your prayers. Tomorrow, I’ll check with you again. Take care of yourself, Addai, and don’t venture outside tonight. You know what happened to Kiva.”



Chapter 12


“Wake up, Tallis. Hurry. Get dressed. How did your patrols go last night?”
“Hammath remained peaceful, so I’m pleased. How are you and our mothers doing?”
“We don’t have time to talk this morning. I need to clean our house before joining our mothers.” I gathered my weapons as Abigail continued to speak, “After we gave our food away, the three of us met with Kiva. We prayed, asking God to provide additional goods and women to help us. Our Rabbi agreed to talk with people, encouraging them to help the needy. You and your soldiers might do the same when you’re on patrol.”
Abigail’s right. We can do more, “A few days ago, I directed my soldiers to meet our citizens. I don’t know why we can’t encourage our neighbors to help you. Let me share your idea with my troops and figure out a way to help, but I need a favor. I met an old man. His name is Addai. He claims he knew my parents. His house is on the seventh street. It’s the third house from the water on the right side. He wears rags for clothes, and he’s frail. I’m certain he doesn’t have enough to eat. Would you take my mother and visit him? I would appreciate you showing him some kindness.”
I recognized the surprise in Abigail’s eyes, “I’ll invite Odelia to join me this afternoon.”
“Thank you, Abigail. Addai may not talk much. He’s a private yet proud man. I hope my mother can get him to talk to her. He lives alone, so he would love for someone to spend time with him.”
“Are you trying to become a Shadchan, my dear?”
“Goodness, no. Addai needs help and companionship, but he’s too old for our mothers. I’ve got to leave now.” I kissed my wife and departed, wondering if either of our mothers would enjoy spending time with a lonesome old man. Both of our fathers passed away, so they might feel lonesome. Impossible.

      

I waited for my husband and his soldiers to begin their morning patrols. By then, farmers and merchants waited at the tax collector’s booth, their produce, and money pouches in hand. Local craftsmen displayed their wares on tables hoping to attract customers. I found my mother and Odelia waiting for me near the carpenter’s shop, “Good morning, I hope you both slept well last night.” I kissed both mothers without spilling the contents from the basket on my head.
Nammi pointed and waved, “Here comes Kiva.”
“He’s smiling,” Odelia said, “That’s rare. He’s always so serious.”
Kiva worked his way through the congestion toward the women, “Good morning, ladies. I’m excited to see everyone. God is good, yes, and He will bless us today. I can feel it. Come with me. I want to show you something.” Kiva retraced his steps as my mothers, and I struggled to keep up carrying our baskets.
“What is it, Kiva?”
“Patience, Abigail. We’re almost there.” The four of us pushed and weaved our way through the crowd. As we crossed the street, Kiva pointed toward an empty table placed between two stools, “Here we are.”
Our Rabbi stood there, grinning at us, and I don’t know why. I thought Kiva planned to show us all the items he’d collected since yesterday’s meeting, “What’s this for?”
Kiva smiled like a proud papa, “After praying with you ladies yesterday, it motivated me to find more people to assist your efforts to serve the less fortunate. I set up this table so anyone who feels God compelling them to donate will use this space to do so.” Kiva did a jig as he marveled at his creation, “I trust God will answer our prayers soon. I also invited Naomi and Esther to join us, and they agreed to my request. In the meantime, you ladies continue with your morning routine, and I’ll walk around encouraging people to donate whatever they can.”
I rolled my eyes and turned away, working my way toward the north gate. Many of the regular folks waited for my arrival. Minutes later, I’d given away my last bread loaf, but what I saw next filled my heart with joy, “Mother, Odelia, this is so exciting.” Thanks to Kiva, word had spread throughout the marketplace. Farmers, along with the merchants, distributed food, clothing, and blankets to those in need. “Hurry,” I rushed toward the table, now overflowing with donations, refilled my basket, and returned to my previous location. I’ve never seen so many people sharing with others. What a blessing. This morning I distributed everything I’d brought in my basket. Because of the generosity of others, I repeated the process four more times, “This is an answer to prayer, mother.”
The number of people needing our help increased daily. Their clothing, nothing more than rags, and many spent their nights outdoors, struggling to stay warm, “How can we ever keep up, much less provide more?” Odelia asked, “I feel so inadequate. We spend our afternoons buying supplies and baking bread, and we do this every day, yet we still can’t help everyone, but today, God answered Kiva’s prayer with a bountiful harvest.”
With empty baskets in hand, the women headed toward the Rabbi. Naomi and Esther met them at the table, “Kiva, what a pleasant surprise. Your encouragement motivated many others to help this morning. Look how much you collected since we last left. Naomi, Esther, it’s a pleasure to see you. Thank you for joining us this morning.”
“God is good, Abigail, and he answered our prayers.” Kiva puffed out his chest, “We collected more than ever before. Incredible.”
I grabbed my mother and twirled her around, “I can’t wait to tell Tallis.”
Kiva chuckled as they celebrated before getting everyone’s attention, “Ladies, you can refill your baskets and distribute more food. Once we finish, we can hand out clothing and blankets to those who need them.”
With our baskets restocked, I led our mothers toward the north gate, while Kiva distributed some donated clothes and blankets. Today, God was good.

      

After my soldiers went home to rest and tend to their personal business, I walked to the marketplace. I never expected to see this many people packed inside Hammath’s walls. Farmers and merchants blocked the north gate. People waiting in line to pay their taxes extended beyond the town walls. The poor found it challenging to cross the street, and adding additional soldiers would create more confusion.
I worked alone, supervising the crowd. I towered over everyone, and I tried to greet folks as I patrolled the area. The highway from Tiberias also overflowed as more farmers arrived, bringing their produce to sell and visit the tax collector. One man complained, but I calmed the situation before tensions boiled over.
As the twelfth hour arrived, the tax collector appeared pleased with his haul, and two of my soldiers arrived to replace me. I left for Tiberias, hoping Paroh had additional information to share with me.
An hour later, I saw Paroh hobbling along a narrow street near the waterfront when he recognized me, “Tallis, I’m surprised to see you. When you didn’t come this morning, I figured your duties kept you busy.”
“We had people overflowing our marketplace this morning. Everyone wanted to pay their taxes and get the ordeal over with, I suppose. Do you have anything to share with me today?” Paroh reported he’d seen people milling around the blacksmith’s shop earlier. Young men rather than craftsmen or farmers who may need my brother’s services.
I thanked my friend and reached for my money pouch, handing Paroh another four dinars, hoping to encourage him so he would continue serving as my ears and eyes in Tiberias. Besides, Paroh needed the money. His injury cost him his livelihood, and he has a family to support. Life isn’t fair, “After we capture our troublemakers, I’ll help you find permanent work.” We shook hands, and Paroh limped up the hill toward his home before returning to Hammath.

      

The local tax collector appeared bored as he sat in an empty marketplace. I acknowledged his presence but needed to find Addai. If the old man wasn’t home, I’d try later. Three blocks later, I turned left and noticed Addai sweeping dirt from his door onto the street. What a waste of time. Addai’s house has a dirt floor. How does he know when everything’s clean? If I had enough money, I’d cover the old man’s floor with stone, or buy him something newer, “Hello, Addai.”
Addai glanced at me, “The same as usual.” The old man groaned as he stood and rubbed his lower back, “My body aches when I move, but if I don’t move, my joints get stiff. Then I can’t move. Let me give you some advice, Tallis.” Addai shook his finger in my face, “Don’t grow old.”
“Life’s tough, isn’t it?” My friend nodded, “I don’t look forward to being your age.”
“Ha. I don’t enjoy being my age either, Tallis, but thank you for sending your sweet wife to check on me, I also had the honor of chatting with her mother, Nammi, and dear Odelia. What a surprise to visit with them. They brought some fresh bread, figs, and fish for me. Your mother also gave me a new wool blanket for my bed, and a tallit to help me pray. Today, God blessed Addai, and tonight, I will sleep warm.”
I wonder how much time Addai spends with people? I bet he’s alone, or wandering the streets, begging for a morsel to eat. His friends could have passed away years ago, “I’m pleased they brought joy into your life, my friend. I appreciate your willingness to help me. May we step inside? I want to give you something.” I reached out my hand as I stepped past Addai, “Take these four dinars for your help.”
Addai closed his door and pointed to his stool, “Thank you, Tallis… I noticed something unusual last night. A young fellow walked along the street, acting like he didn’t want people to notice him. He entered a house two doors from where your soldiers died, but across the street.”
“Was he alone?”
The old man smiled, “Last night, yes. But he could be friends with one of your brothers. The youngest one, I think. I forget his name, but I’ve seen them together before.”
“Hilarion is my baby brother. Do you know the other fellow’s name?”
Addai’s eyes lit up, “I do now. I asked around and learned the lad’s name is Dan.” I didn’t respond, but I felt my body freeze for a second, “What’s the matter, Tallis?”
Hearing Dan’s name stunned me. So Hilarion knows the guy who bumped into me, “Is Dan home, or did anyone visit him today?” Is it possible my brother visited him the night my soldiers died?
“I haven’t seen him since last night, but I try to remain invisible, you know.”
I couldn’t help but chuckle, “You enjoy your privacy. Where does Dan work? I may want to visit him.”
Addai crossed his room and picked up a fig, “Want one?” I declined, “I don’t think Dan has a job, Tallis, but he lives alone. The lad must get his money from someplace, but I don’t know where. Otherwise, he couldn’t afford to live in a house, and his clothes and sandals look new, not worn like mine. He owns several pairs of polished boots. A wealthy relative may support him, or he receives an inheritance. Your brother may know, ask him.”
“You may ask him yourself one day, Addai. See if you can meet him. The two of you can discuss hard times, taxes, or whatever. He might surprise you and share some interesting insights in you earn his trust. An old fellow wouldn’t pose a threat to a neighbor.” I need to find out if Dan and Hilarion are working with our insurgents, “You’re a kind man, Addai. I’m glad we met.”
The old man gave me a toothless grin, “Who knows, Tallis. Tomorrow, I may make a new friend.”
“You might, and thank you for helping me.” I stood, “It’s time to meet with my troops before we begin our patrols tonight. Be careful. We’ll talk again.” I headed toward the north gate with a funny feeling in my gut, knowing Hilarion and Dan knew each other.
Everyone arrived on time, “Tonight, I want everyone to pay close attention to the lake and shoreline. There’s a crescent moon tonight, so surveying your surroundings will challenge you. I don’t expect another attack, but our good fortune won’t last forever.” I directed my men to check the gates and waterfront, “Step into the shadows before moving on for a few seconds. We want to discourage anyone from entering Hammath. The more we confuse our enemies, the better. Blow your horn if troubles arise.”
After my soldiers departed, I walked to the street where Masa and Kush died. Knowing someone who might associate with their killers troubled my soul and discovering Hilarion was friends with Dan didn’t reduce my stress. I wonder if Dan knows Nikolaos?



Chapter 13


My wife prayed for my soldiers and me as I dressed and prepared to meet my troops. Though she whispered, I heard every word and was more than grateful for my wife’s prayers. She closed with the words, ‘according to God’s plan.’ I hope my troops and I are a part of his plans.
Abigail kissed me goodbye, and I removed the bar securing our courtyard door and stepped onto the street as a horn blast filled the morning air. I sprinted toward the north gate as a second alarm sounded, coming from the same direction. Are my troops under attack? I drew my sword, not knowing what to expect. When I reached Hammath’s marketplace, I found four of my soldiers standing in the middle of a growing crowd. The closer I came, the louder the voices grew, my heart pounded, and my temples throbbed. I pushed my way through the throng, stopping at the first soldier I came to, “What happened, Bazak?” I glanced around, surveying the damage. Kaleb won’t like this. He’ll say we let our guard down, “Did you see anyone leaving the area when you arrived?
“No, sir. A few merchants arrived before I did, but nobody admitted they’d witnessed the attack. Whoever created this mess slipped into town after we completed our patrols at midnight. Some of our fishermen might have seen something earlier. I’ll check with them later.”
“Where’s Moss? I need him to help repair the damaged property?” I directed two of my soldiers to assist with the cleanup, “Help those with goods and wares to sell first. The tax collector can fend for himself. I sent Habib and his partner to patrol near the bathhouses, “Check for damage before continuing along the lake. Ask anyone you meet to help in the marketplace. We’ll need everyone to clean up this mess.”
Minutes later, the carpenter arrived and surveyed the damage. Moss encouraged several people to help him remove rubble and stack reusable materials near his shop. I said a quick prayer, asking God’s help to get the businesses open before more shoppers arrived. Still, a man standing next to me broke my concentration, “How do I pay my taxes?”
I smiled at the fellow, “Hold on to your money.” I hope Herod never discovers I said such a thing. Seconds later, two additional soldiers arrived, and I directed the pair to follow the route assigned to Habib and his colleague. When more troops entered the marketplace, I ordered them to patrol our interior streets, making sure they remained secure while checking for signs of damage. This morning, I have no one available to notify my Centurion. Kaleb will need to wait for now.
“Oh, no.” I turned around and saw the tax collector staring at what remained of his booth. The man wasn’t pleased, and neither will Herod when he doesn’t receive his tax money from Hammath today. Neither will Rome, but I don’t care.
By now, several shops had opened for business. Moss hadn’t bothered to help the tax collector rebuild. I smiled as the man grieved for his damaged stall. Seconds later, I heard footsteps clomping along the cobblestones. I glanced toward the north gate and saw Kaleb marching toward me, followed by Priam and his Conturbenium, “Tallis, I understand you had trouble last night. You know Priam. Put him and his troops to work as needed.”
Am I in trouble? “How did you learn our marketplace came under attack, sir? My men haven’t returned from their patrols. I expect them back any minute.”
Kaleb walked around, studying the damage, “The first thing Nikolaos said this morning concerned the attack in Hammath. He sent me to investigate. It appears whoever did this created quite a mess.”
“We’ve been doing everything possible to aid with the cleanup, sir. Some vendors opened for business a short while ago.” Kaleb didn’t respond, continuing to study the situation, shaking his head, “How did Nikolaos get the news regarding this mess? I had no one available to deliver a message to the fortress. I’m curious to hear his response.”
“He didn’t say, and I didn’t ask. I don’t question my superiors, Tallis. I want to retire in peace.” Kaleb placed his hand on my shoulder, “So, how can I help you?”
I hadn’t planned on additional troops helping me, so I stalled, by looking around at the mess, trying to think, “What I need is for Priam’s Conturbenium to patrol Hammath tonight. My soldiers worked eighteen hours yesterday, and today didn’t begin well. We need time to rest, sir.”
I closed my eyes, waiting for Kaleb’s response, wondering what to say next, “We work long hours, but these attacks continue. Without extra soldiers, our efforts to improve the situation will prove futile.”
Kaleb stared at me, responding in a soft voice, which caught me off-guard, “I understand how difficult it is to protect Hammath, Tallis. As you’ve said before, ten men can’t protect both gates, patrol the streets, and lakeshore twenty-four hours a day, much less eighteen. Your community sits along a narrow stretch of land wedged between the water and steep cliffs on your west. You don’t have enough troops, but you realize this. I’ll study your request, but I can’t promise anything. I’ve encouraged and begged Nikolaos to expand his recruiting process, but developing competent soldiers takes eight weeks, sometimes longer. We don’t have time to wait, and Herod doesn’t appear too concerned with the troop shortage yet.”
Kaleb’s admission concerning our lack of troops stunned me. The last time we discussed the issue, my Centurion made it clear my troops and I were on our own, “I would love to have additional soldiers, sir. But I don’t understand why Herod never followed through on his promise to increase the size of his Army. Doesn’t Antipas understand the troubles occurring in Galilee?”
Kaleb shook his head, “I wish I had an answer, but it’s my responsibility to provide you with the resources needed to perform your duties. I am making this decision, not Nikolaos. I will not leave you short-handed any longer. Your father, my friend, lost his life during a surprise attack because he lacked the needed manpower to repel his enemies. What if last night’s attack occurred when you and your soldiers were on duty? Lucky for you, the saboteurs figured out what hours your soldiers patrolled the town and waited until you retired for the night. Had they attacked earlier, you might be dead. I don’t need that thought weighing on my conscious the rest of my life.”
“The thought of dying never crossed my mind, sir. I’m surprised you’re willing to help and thank you for understanding our situation. Let me think how I can use the extra troops.” As I paced, Kaleb announced he was sending a runner to Tiberias, so Herod would send another tax collector to help with the overload caused to the damaged booth. This isn’t what I expected when my Centurion marched through our north gate this morning. Kaleb maneuvered himself through the marketplace, studying the situation. After months of begging for additional troops and receiving negative responses, my superior will honor my request. What if I reject his offer? I reached the north gate and leaned against the wall. Can I gather enough information from our residents, Paroh, and Addai to figure out when and where another attack will occur? I realize the information I’ve received so far hasn’t helped our situation. If I knew what my enemy planned to do next, I’d create a new strategy and spring a trap. What if I’m ordered to take the extra soldiers? Where would I house them? I’d rather house the homeless. I need to visit Paroh.
As I turned around, I noticed Kaleb staring at me, “What have you decided, Tallis?”
“I’ve been considering my options, and I wonder if you would consider sending Priam and his Conturbenium back to Tiberias, so they can rest? I would prefer they return later and patrol Hammath tonight. My soldiers and I need time off to enjoy our families and recover from our recent events.” Kaleb didn’t respond.
“We don’t have adequate housing, sir. After the Sabbath, we can adjust our routines. My Conturbenium would work during the day. Priam’s team would patrol all night.” Kaleb frowned and stared into the distance. He didn’t say no. I hope he likes my idea.
It felt like a week passed before Kaleb refocused his attention on me, “I’ll tell you what. Send your men home to rest until sunset. At the twelfth hour, I’ll lead everyone I brought with me back to Tiberias. This way, they can sleep in their own beds while you and your men protect Hammath. Priam and his Conturbenium will return to patrol your village before sunrise. I will accompany them, and when we arrive, you, Priam, and I will work out the logistics to protect this community. I hope you like my plan because I’ve made my decision.”
“Thank you, sir, but there is another issue I hope you will consider. We can improve our defenses if you approve new doors so we can secure our gates at night. This would enable us to protect Hammath while we focused our efforts defending the shoreline. I understand our village hasn’t had gates in centuries, but we can’t continue to have gaps in our defenses either.”
Kaleb stared at me before nodding, “Give me some time to consider your request and discuss your idea with Nikolaos. No promises. Now, you and your soldiers go home and rest.”
“Yes, sir. My men and I will report at sunset.” I turned and saw two of my troops approaching me. I directed them to tell their colleagues to return home until sunset. “I’ll meet everyone at the north gate.”

      

Rather than heading home, I walked to the synagogue, hoping Kiva could arrange for someone to transport me to Tiberias. Our Rabbi has connections. Sure enough, Kiva knew a fellow who agreed to meet me near the bathhouses.
I returned home and changed clothes. A boat waited when I reached the lake. A fellow nodded as I approached him, “Lie down, so no one will see you.”
The wind blew during our trip north, and an hour later, I knocked on Paroh’s door.
“Tallis, you look terrible. What’s the matter?”
“I’m tired and stressed. Hammath came under attack after my troops and I went home at midnight. Our marketplace suffered major damage. I need to prevent future attacks from recurring.”
“I don’t know how I can help you, though these fellows might be the ones who visit your brother’s shop. They don’t stay long. But I wonder if they deliver information to people living in Tiberias or Hammath. With my injuries, I can’t follow them as they travel throughout the city.”
“Thank you for the update.” I removed my pouch, “Let me give you another six dinars in case I can’t return for several days.” Paroh smiled and thanked me, “Kaleb told me earlier this morning, he would consider adding a second Conturbenium to help us defend Hammath.”
I left my friend and proceeded toward my next destination, hoping to convince another person to help me. I need someone witty and fast on their feet. A trustworthy person who will blend in with a crowd. Two blocks later, I spotted her, standing beside the well, water jug in hand, and looking like she had nothing to do. I picked up my pace, closing the distance between us as she walked away, “Dodi.” She didn’t respond, “Dodi.” She glanced over her shoulder but didn’t appear to recognize me.
“Who are you—Tallis.”
I held a finger over my lips, “Shush. Follow me.” We walked to the nearest intersection and ducked around the corner.
“What are you doing in Tiberias, Tallis?”
“I came to find you. I need your help, Dodi.”
“How could I help you” I’m an unmarried woman. No one should see us talking.”
“Please listen. I need somebody who can pay attention to their surroundings and eavesdrop on people. Will you help me?”
“Who should I watch and listen to, Tallis?”
“People, Dodi, people. A band of Zealots killed two of my soldiers. You may have friends who know them.”
Dodi placed her hands on her hips and glared at me, “What makes you think I would associate with anyone who behaves as you’ve described?”
“A friend of yours has a younger sister named Efa. Hilarion is courting this girl, and he works at the blacksmith’s shop owned by my brother, Zosimos. My hope is you can visit your friend and become her confidant so she will give you the names of the men visiting my brothers at the shop. I would expect you to keep any information you learn between the two of us.”
“Rebuilding friendships takes longer than a day, Tallis. I haven’t seen Efa or her sister since our fathers died. It won’t happen overnight.”
“I’m certain you can work everything out. I’ll pay you two dinars a day and check with you often. Will you help me?”
Dodi smiled, “I’ll try. Who knows, I might find a husband. How will I contact you if we need to meet before you return?”
“A friend of mine will visit your house in two days if we don’t meet before then. His name is Paroh. He limps. You can trust him with your life. Remember to listen because you may prevent another attack on Hammath. I assume you still live in the residence you did before your father’s death.”
Dodi nodded, “I’ll do my best to help you, Tallis.”
I reached for my pouch and handed my friend six dinars, “I will pay you again, the next time we meet. Be careful.”



Chapter 14


I removed my uniform as Abigail gathered the items she planned to distribute to those less fortunate and left our house. My body ached as I crawled into bed, as my mind wandered. What role does Dan play in the events occurring in Hammath? Do I need to introduce myself? I had more questions than answers. What if Dan’s one of the Zealots, or delivers information to Nikolaos? Was Dan heading to meet my Commander when he bumped into me? I need to visit Addai.
I didn’t get a response when I knocked on Addai’s door. I turned to leave when I heard a terrible sounding cough, and I knocked again. The door cracked open, “Good morning, Addai. I hope I didn’t wake you. How are you feeling?” Addai struggled to smile, “You may need to visit the doctor. I don’t want you dying on me, friend.”
“I’m not sick, Tallis.” Addai opened the door for me, “I spent my night wondering what happened in our marketplace and kept watch from my rooftop. Did you know you can see the entire lake? It’s surprising what you can see and hear on the roof. Don’t look so surprised, Tallis. It’s safe because people don’t realize you’re studying them.
I’m stunned, I never dreamed of viewing my surroundings from our roof. Is my view better than Addai’s? I can peek over the north wall and look at people approaching Hammath.”
Addai pointed to the only stool he owned, and I sat down, “Your soldiers patrolled the streets next to the shore all night. Not like previous nights when they went home at midnight. Smart move, Tallis. Smart move.”
What do you know, the old man recognized we’d made a change, “Did you spot anything that might help me figure out who damaged our marketplace? My men reported they didn’t see anyone outside last night.”
Addai’s eyes crinkled, “I saw people spying your soldiers as they patrolled along the shoreline. They left before the fishermen cast off this morning. Nobody realized people watched them but me.”
The news caught me by surprise, and I leaped to my feet, “People studied our movements from the lake?”
“Four boats, Tallis. They must drop their anchors because they don’t drift south with the wind or currents. Whoever’s in those vessels crouch down, making it hard for me to count the number of men spying on our village.”
I paced while Addai hobbled over and sat on his stool, “Did you recognize Dan spying on my troops?”
“It was impossible. Too dark. Like I mentioned, the spies anchored their boats too far from the shore. With a full moon, you might recognize someone.”
I leaned against Addai’s door and closed my eyes. So people spy on us at night. No wonder our enemies figured out when we end our patrols. What else are they up to?
“Your troops searched for people wandering along the streets and alleyways, but they never paid attention to the lake. Last night you used torches to light the road along the shore. I’d douse them. This would improve your visibility, and your men wouldn’t stand out. You made it easy for those in the boat to study your soldiers’ movements.”
I caught myself rubbing my chin. I thought the torches improved our ability to see anyone traveling along the streets, “What do you mean, Addai? I’m certain my troops looked at the lake. My men had orders to keep study the water. The moon didn’t shine last night, so you couldn’t see.”
Addai leaned forward and stared into my eyes, “Your soldiers can’t see at night. The lit torches limited their vision. But I could, Tallis. My roof sits above the flames, lighting the streets. Look long enough, your eyes adjust, and the boats became visible. Last night, the spies studied your troops’ movements. The torches made it easier for them to watch your men, and harder for your soldiers to realize they were spying on you. They may return tonight to learn if you adjust your routines.”
I paced around. This is how they learned when to enter our village. I glanced at Addai, “You saw this from your rooftop? I’m amazed.”
Addai struggled to stand, “I’ve studied people from my roof for years, Tallis. You should try it sometime. You’ll learn so much, and nobody will realize what you’re doing or where you are.”
“Tonight, I’ll spend some time on my rooftop.” I patted Addai’s shoulder, “Then we’ll have two pairs of eyes watching our spies.” What if we commandeered a boat or two and slipped around behind our visitors? Could we catch them by surprise? “You’re a smart man, my friend. Thank you for the tip. I’m glad you’re on my side.”
Addai smiled, “I’ll keep my eyes open for Dan. He might try to leave town without your knowledge.”
“Thank you for your help, Addai.” I opened the door, “I’m going home. Abigail thinks I’m sleeping. I hope to meet again tomorrow. Take care of your cough. If you’re not better, I’ll take you to the doctor, and I won’t take no for an answer.”



Chapter 15


The sound of someone pounding on my door woke me. I staggered from my bed, crossed our courtyard, dagger in hand, and turned the handle. “Kaleb, I didn’t expect to see you this early.”
“What’s the matter, Tallis? Do you think I’m over the hill?”
“No, sir, you’re not. I didn’t expect you until later today.”
“Quit smiling, get dressed, and come with me. I’m making some changes.”
I put on my uniform and followed my Centurion to the marketplace, wondering what I’d done wrong this time. Will Kaleb fire me in front of everyone? My soldiers and I might become the laughingstocks of Galilee. What will I tell Abigail? Would Zosimos hire me? Never. With each step, the weight on my shoulders intensified. I remember feeling this way when Ektor and Nava receive their whippings. God, I need your help this morning.
When we entered the marketplace, Kaleb raised his hand. We stopped walking as the crowd encircled us, “We’ll wait for your soldiers to join us, Tallis. I had Priam’s men fetch them for me.”
Sweat covered my forehead, dripping into my eyes, and breathing became labored. Seconds later, Priam joined us, and Kaleb stood between his two Decanuses. My Centurion smiled as he looked at me. Why does everyone need to witness this? Who’s on patrol? Did Nikolaos tire of our inability to stop civil disobedience in Hammath? Will my troops lose their jobs or suffer the same fate as me? In the distance, I heard the voices of my soldiers as they reached our location. I don’t feel well.
“Good morning. My name is Kaleb. My job is to protect Hammath. Let me apologize for what happened in your community these past few weeks. Today, I am making some changes. No more deaths. No more property damage.”
I felt light-headed, standing in front of my neighbors. Deep breathing didn’t help, as a murmur arose from the crowd. I suppose it doesn’t matter if I’m dead now or later.
Kaleb addressed the crowd, “First, I am removing Tallis from his position of Decanus.” My Centurion glanced at me and grinned, “I am replacing him with Bazak, who will lead Tallis’s former Conturbenium.” A gasp erupted from the crowd. Someone yelled, ‘No!’ Others groaned, “Priam and his Conturbenium will work in Hammath full time. Today, twenty-three soldiers will protect Hammath. More than enough to protect your community.”
I wanted to knock the smile off Priam’s face. Kaleb must have told him in advance. He didn’t look surprised. If I’m no longer a Decanus, why did Kaleb say twenty-three soldiers would serve our citizens? What am I going to do? My Centurion isn’t speaking, my chest hurts. I should sit down, “Next, I’m adding another soldier to Bazak’s Conturbenium to fill the vacancy created by his promotion to Decanus. Last, I am creating a new leadership position… Tallis.” Did Kaleb call my name? “Hurry. Step forward. I am appointing you to the rank of Triplicarious. In your new role, you will supervise Priam and Bazak.” I felt faint, tripped on a cobblestone, lost my balance, and stumbled over a loose cobblestone. Kaleb grabbed my arm, preventing me from creating a spectacle, “Congratulations, Tallis. I expect you to perform your duties with distinction.” A slight breeze might knock me over. Triplicarious, my wife and our mothers will be so proud of me. The crowd cheered as I stood there, grinning and embarrassed for the unexpected attention. I can’t believe Kaleb promoted me. I’ve got to tell Abigail.
I wanted to hug Kaleb, but I knew my Centurion would frown on my emotional outburst, “Thank you, sir. I thought you would dismiss me from the Army.”
“Why would you think this way, Tallis? You did your job well considering the circumstances and your staffing level. I will not allow you to fall on your sword for something I did or didn’t do.”
In an instant, my sweat and dizziness disappeared. Kaleb stepped next to me and whispered, “Your pay has doubled from your previous salary. Tell your former Conturbenium to go home and rest. You need to do the same thing. Priam and his troops will patrol Hammath until sunset. Bazak and his soldiers will report for duty and patrol all night. I’m proud of you, Tallis. I’m sorry your father isn’t alive to join us this morning.”
Minutes later, I stood outside the synagogue. My stress floated away like an anvil from my brother’s shop, falling from my shoulders. I felt like dancing. Greek men love to dance. It was time to dance, but the people milling around me would think I’d lost my mind.
The folks inside the synagogue paused when I entered. A hush filled the room. Seeing someone wearing an army uniform in a place of worship was unusual, but Abigail noticed me before I saw her, and she rushed to my side. Kiva, Nammi, and my mother followed my wife, “What are you doing in God’s house wearing your uniform, Tallis? You’re supposed to be home, resting, and why are you smiling? What’s the matter? Your eyes are watering. Have you been crying?”
Kiva asked if everything was okay before I could respond to my wife. I nodded, “I don’t know how to explain this, but Kaleb woke me up a short while ago. He ordered me to join him in the marketplace. He also ordered my Conturbenium to join us. Then Kaleb announced my removal from the position of Decanus.” Abigail hugged me tight, “Next, Kaleb announced he was adding a second Conturbenium to help protect Hammath. Bazak replaced me as the new Decanus of my old squad.”
Abigail looked at me and struggled to speak between her tears, “How can you smile when you need another job, Tallis?”
“Patience, dear. There’s more to tell you. Kaleb created a new position, and he promoted me to the rank of Triplicarious.” Cheers sprang up throughout the room, “In my new role, I will supervise Bazak and Priam.” The celebration grew louder, and I felt myself starting to blush.
Kiva stepped forward and reached for my hand, “God has blessed you, Tallis.” Then he waved, “May I have everyone’s attention, please? We must give thanks for this wonderful news. Today our God blessed Tallis, honoring him for a job well done.” On this occasion, I felt lost for words, but Kiva smiled at me, “God will bless you if you follow Him with your heart.”
“I’ll do my best. Thank you, Kiva.” Once again, I felt my body tingling, but this time, I didn’t care. I grabbed Abigail and hugged her before leaning over and kissing her lips. Today, Kiva praised me, a man who is half-Greek and half-Jew. I will remember this day, and the Rabbi’s kind words forever.
Once the excitement ended, I excused myself under the pretense of going home to rest. Leaving the synagogue, I headed toward Bazak’s residence instead. My newest Decanus would celebrate his promotion with his wife, but we needed to talk.
Bazak opened his door and invited me into his courtyard, “I’m proud of you, my friend. Thank you for seeing me. We need to discuss a few things.”
“It’s a beautiful morning, Tallis. Let’s talk on my roof. You realize God blessed both of us this morning.” I shrugged, “I don’t understand what we did to deserve our promotions, but who am I to complain.”
“I’m as surprised as you, Bazak. For weeks, Kaleb kept mentioning I would receive a demotion or discharge if we couldn’t resolve the problems in Hammath. When he knocked on my door this morning. I thought my Army career and life ended.”
Bazak smiled at me after we reached his rooftop, “It could have been much worse, Tallis.”
“How?”
“Kaleb might have handed you over to Gavius. I worried when our Centurion announced you would no longer serve as our Decanus. I thought somebody thrust a knife through my heart. Then Kaleb announced, I’d replaced you, and I didn’t know how to respond. My soul wanted to cry out, but my body wanted to dance.”
We crossed the roof and looked over the water, “I thought my life ended when Kaleb told the entire town I would no longer lead my Conturbenium. My body ached and trembled. I’d lost my job, future, and Abigail would disown me. I felt worthless.”
Bazak and I spent the next few minutes discussing this morning’s events before Bazak spoke, “What does my Triplicarious want to share with me?”
I turned to my friend, “Do you know anyone who owns a boat, and we can trust?”
Bazak rubbed his chin before nodding, “I have several friends who fish for a living, Tallis, but would I trust them with issues regarding Herod or Rome? I can’t say with certainty.”
He’s right. You never know who supports our government, “We both realize the men who damaged our marketplace entered Hammath from the lake. But yesterday, I discovered people spy on our soldiers from four boats as we patrolled the streets last night. This troubles my soul, Bazak.”
“How did you figure out people spied on us? It was dark.”
I didn’t respond right away, wanting to choose my words with care, “An old man told me.” A gust of wind knocked me off balance, causing me to stumble, “I hope another storm hits tonight, Bazak. We need another uneventful night. I want to find some men we can trust to support our efforts to protect Hammath. Otherwise, Kaleb may dismiss us if we don’t restore and maintain peace in our region.”
Bazak stared at me with a quizzical look, “Tell me how you plan to save our village, Tallis. I’ll try to think of some fishermen we can trust to help us.”
I spent several minutes explaining how I had a friend who kept watch over Hammath. “This fellow spotted four boats filled with people watching us last night. They leave before our fishermen shove off. I’m told they’re visible from our rooftops once our eyes adjust to the darkness, but we need to remain vigilant. Please don’t share our discussion with anyone, either. I don’t want word to get out that I have people helping me.”
“Give me some time to consider your request. I don’t discuss politics with people, Tallis.”
“Sounds reasonable. It’s critical we work with honorable men.” Bazak agreed, “Could we take two boats and circle behind our enemies and catch them by surprise?”
My friend’s jaw dropped, “They’d spot us coming, Tallis. If they can see us standing on the shore, they won’t have a problem noticing us rowing in their direction. Anyway, the only people I know who own boats begin their day well before sunrise, returning at midday, or whenever they catch their fill. They may not want to spend their nights on the lake then work a full day too. Anyone who volunteers may face repercussions if our enemies figure out who assisted our efforts.”
Our discussion continued for several minutes before I dropped the idea, “I wish we had time to relax. Life is too stressful for Herod’s soldiers,” Bazak nodded, “Let me ask you something else. These past few days, we’ve met many of our fellow citizens, right? What if we asked them to help us capture whoever is attempting to destroy our businesses and lives?”
“I like your idea, Tallis, but I think we should continue building relationships with our neighbors first. Inviting people to help us may complicate matters if some folks opposed Herod and ended up supporting our troublemakers. I believe we should wait before enlisting the support of our citizens.”
“You’re right, Bazak. We need to determine the benefits of using locals to help defeat the Zealots with the risks of sharing valuable information with potential enemies. I don’t want to create additional problems for ourselves.
I looked at the lake, “Don’t share this with anyone else, Bazak… I’ve hired people to help me. They spy on various individuals who may contact the people, creating problems in Hammath. At this moment, we’ve become part of an elaborate game, but I don’t want anyone else directing our moves. It’s time for us to become the aggressors and take charge of our plight.”
Bazak’s jaw dropped, “How did you find anyone for such a mission, Tallis?”
“I approached two acquaintances and asked for their help. They’re people I trust.”
“Did you tell Kaleb?”
“Never. Kaleb would report everything to Nikolaos and Herod’s advisors. Soon everyone living in Galilee would know what I’m doing. I don’t want to lose my job or my life, but we can’t sit around waiting for our Centurion to step up and provide additional support either.”
“True, but God promised to send a Messiah who will deliver us from our trials.”
“You sound like Abigail and Zosimos. I don’t understand how one man can drive Rome and Herod from our land. It’s impossible for one person to accomplish. How many generations has it been since God promised to deliver His people?”
Bazak jumped to his feet, “Some things are difficult for men, Tallis, but God can accomplish anything according to His Law and the Prophets.”
I won’t win this battle, “Several people try to convince me this Messiah may arrive any moment. Impossible, I say. Where will He come from, my friend? Will he walk into Tiberias one morning and announce He’s the new king? What will Rome do? Pack up and leave? What a crazy thought. The Romans would laugh and kill Him. They’d murder the man in some cruel way to make a point so people won’t revolt.”
Bazak sighed, “You may be right, but I hope not. I’d love to watch the Romans leave with their tails between their legs. Herod, I can live with. He pays our salaries. Should something happened, and the Tetrarch finds himself removed from power, what will happen to our families and us?”
I stood and placed my arm around Bazak’s shoulder, “Why are we arguing? God provided us with jobs and good pay. I enjoy my work most days. You do too. Please don’t share our conversation with anyone. People count on us to regain control of Hammath so we can live in peace with our neighbors. We can’t disappoint them. Besides, we could face charges of treason for talking like this.”
“I keep secrets, but remember, God is good, and He watches over our soldiers and us.”
“God is good. Indeed, Bazak.”
“When did you believe in God, Tallis?”
I laughed, “The moment Kaleb fired me and later promoted me.”



Chapter 16


Before the changing of the guard, I met with Priam and Bazak to discuss potential adjustments on how to improve our patrolling practices near the lakefront. I planned to try something different tonight, “We’ll continue to protect both gates as usual but stagger our patrols near the water. Bazak, I want one team to walk the entire shoreline. From there, they can patrol our interior streets. Minutes later, a second-team will follow the same route. Repeat this process with your remaining team once the first team returns.” I also directed Bazak to rotate his patrol patterns to relieve boredom, “At midnight, I want all your soldiers to disappear into the shadows. Those working near the lake need to position themselves where they can still view the water. We don’t want people slipping into town unnoticed. One more thing, Bazak, I want you to spend time on your rooftop and keep a watchful eye for anyone spying on your troops. I’ll join you throughout the night.”
After Bazak left, I ordered Priam to follow me, “I thought today would never end, but I want to show you something before I send you home.” When we reached the bathhouses, I pointed toward the water, “Study the lake, and tell me if you see something, Priam.”
“It’s dark, Tallis. I don’t see a thing.”
“Try squinting. Don’t you recognize something?”
Priam shook his head, “Nothing, sir. What do you want me to say?”
“Let your eyes adjust. Look where the clouds and water meet.”
We stood there for several minutes before Priam responded, “I’m not sure. Wait, Tallis… Four objects—boats? Yes, I see four boats, but I’m not positive.”
“What are those boats doing?”
“Nothing, sir. They sit there, bobbing. Their sails aren’t up… Why are you questioning me?”
I smiled at Priam, “Do fishermen work at night?”
“How do I know? I’m from Sepphoris. Are you playing tricks on me?”
“No, but I wonder what they’re doing? If they were fishing, wouldn’t they be working rather than hiding? You would think they’d cast their nets or haul them in. The vessels appear empty to our eyes, but they got here some way, and this isn’t the first night they’ve anchored off our shore.” We continued to stare, studying four boats bobbing in the swells, “They’re watching us, Priam. It makes me nervous. I don’t like people spying on me. Could it be the same group who ransacked our marketplace? They scrutinize our every move along the shoreline. Will the attack again? I can feel it in my bones.”
“How do we stop them, Tallis?”
“Good question. I don’t know, but tonight we’ll continue to adjust our patrol patterns to confuse them. Tomorrow morning you and your men will march to Tiberias for training. Before you leave, I’ll give you a letter to Kaleb. Wait for his response. When you and your troops return, you’ll remain on duty until sundown. Keep your soldiers moving and make sure one team remains visible to anyone on the water. It wouldn’t surprise me to learn those trying to disrupt our lives spy on us during daylight hours too. Have a good night, Priam, and I’ll see you tomorrow.”
I headed to Bazak’s house, hoping the man would be on his roof. As I walked, the wind gusts picked up, making it difficult to control my cape. Until now, everything remained calm as ominous clouds descended and swells formed on the water’s surface.
Bazak wasn’t home, so I continued toward the south gate. I hoped he’d gone to supervise his troops patrolling other parts of Hammath. Tam greeted me, “Bazak left minutes ago, Tallis,” Tam said, “He went to the lake. If he’s not there, he told me he would be with another team.”
Returning to the waterfront, I found Bazak and two soldiers standing like statues, near the pier, studying the clouds as waves crashed onto the shore, “How’s everything tonight?”
“Good, Tallis.”
“Follow me.” We returned to Bazak’s house, before climbing his stairs, “Look at the water. What you see.”
“I see a mass of threatening clouds and waves rising and falling. I also feel the wind intensifying, and it’s getting colder, but the longer I stare into the distance, I can see four boats. Before they appeared empty, now I recognize people bailing water while struggling to row north.”
I hadn’t spotted the spies attempting to escape the storm, and I refocused my attention on the lake. All four boats took on water. I counted four men in each craft, working hard to remove the liquid from their vessels. Two more men struggled to row against the wind, “Seems the squall changed their plans, my friend.”
Bazak wrapped his cloak around him, attempting to keep warm, as he shivered, “If they stay in the water much longer, Tallis, they may die. The waves are crashing over the sides of their boats. What do you think they’ll do next?”
“No idea, Bazak, but as long as they can’t figure out our patrol patterns, we may keep them at bay until we get our new doors hung. I hope Kaleb approves my request. Go check on your soldiers. I’m going home.” If this storm keeps up, maybe they’ll drown, and are problems will disappear.
The next morning, I met Priam at the north gate and handed him a letter to deliver to Kaleb, “Remember to wait for his response. We’ll talk when you return.”
“What if he doesn’t reply, Tallis?”
“Bring your troops home, and we’ll wait until we hear from our Centurion.”
Bazak and his Conturbenium headed home after their night shift as Priam and his soldiers marched toward Tiberias. I hoped this morning remained peaceful since I was the only soldier on duty until the Conturbenium headed to the fortress returned.
As the stars disappeared, I detected five men approaching. I stepped into the shadows. As they drew near, I grabbed my horn. When the group entered our marketplace, I stepped into view, with a hand on my sword, hoping to prevent an altercation from occurring on my watch, “Good morning. Welcome to Hammath. How may I help you?”
The man in front pulled a document from inside his cloak, “We’re looking for a Triplicarious named Tallis. I have a letter from his Centurion, Kaleb.”
I nodded, took the parchment, and broke the seal. This document commissions Moss to assemble new doors to secure our gates.
“We came to work with your carpenter during the construction process. Where can we find Moss?”
“Come with me. I’ll introduce you.”
Six of us squeezed into Moss’ shop as he pulled an apron over his head, “Good morning, friend. These fellows brought a letter from Kaleb. It directs you to build four doors so we can secure our gates at night. It also allows me to explain how I want our doors constructed. These men will aid you.”
Moss nodded, “Let me read your letter, Tallis… The pay is good. My other jobs can wait. How do you want me to build your doors?”
Moss listened as I explained my vision, “I want to brace the doors in three places when they’re closed. I’d like one beam at head height, the second waist-high, and the third at knee level. Make an extra six beams for backups.”
The carpenter agreed, “With the extra help, I can complete this job to your specifications.” Moss glanced at his wood, stacked on the far side of his shop, “I expect another load of cedar later today, but I can begin with what I have on hand. Let me measure the gate openings, so I know where to begin. Thank you for including me in this project, Tallis. I’ll remember your kindness.”
“How many days will this take?”
“Everything depends on when my wood arrives. I wish we had a smithy working in Hammath, but I suppose there isn’t enough business to support one. Two days, Tallis..”
“I know you’ll do your best, my friend. We need the doors, but they must be strong enough to secure our community from outside troublemakers.”
Moss smiled, “I will make them sturdy, Tallis.”
Minutes later, I noticed the three women in my life approaching our crowded marketplace, carrying baskets atop their heads. I hadn’t spent time with my wife for the past two days. Abigail smiled when our eyes met, and I waved. So far, the morning had passed without incident, and I wondered how the progress on our new doors was progressing. As I approached the shop, I noticed two helpers sawing long planks outside the building as their beams wouldn’t fit inside. Another pair cut shorter pieces on workbenches indoors, and their progress pleased me. Turning to leave, Zosimos arrived with a sack slung over his shoulder, “What brings you to Hammath, brother?”
“I brought hinges and supports to hold the beams in place on your new doors.”
My brother and I hugged, “It’s good to see you. I hope life is treating you and Ya-el well.” I can’t figure out how Zosimos can live with someone possessing a voice like his wife’s, “I hope we can talk when you finish assisting Moss. Besides, our mother would love to visit with you before you return home.”
“Give me a few minutes to meet with the Carpenter, Tallis. It won’t take long.”
Zosimos found me standing inside our north gate a half-hour later, “Orders from Nikolaos keeps me busy, but I don’t mind. Money pours in, and I’m saving as much as possible. My contract won’t last forever. I wish I had more time to spend with our family, and I can’t remember the last time I ran. I miss heading out into the countryside, but, I suppose, we don’t get what we want.”
“Won’t your contract with Herod keep you secure for years?”
“It should, but the Tetrarch could lose his job any day.”
“Do you believe the Romans will tire of Antipas and his games? They may exile him if he keeps creating problems for Caesar.”
“Anything’s possible, Tallis, but you know people don’t want the Romans telling them what to do either.”
My brother and I spent the next few minutes discussing God and his expected coming of the Messiah. We couldn’t agree when this event would occur. As we neared the synagogue, Zosimos shared something I had paid little attention to. “Rumor says Herod fears a man wandering near the Jordan River, calling people to repent and turn from their sinful ways. They call him the Baptizer, but his given name is John. He cries out as he travels the roads near Jericho and along the river, ‘Make way for the coming of the Lord.’”
“Is this the fellow who lives in the desert, dines on wild locusts, and wears clothing made from camel’s hair? If so, do you believe God would send this John to save His people? Wouldn’t He send someone impressive?”
Zosimos stopped walking and smiled at me, “Trust me, big brother. There is more happening in Palestine than we can fathom. God keeps His promises. Besides, I hear the Baptizer called out Antipas for marrying his brother’s wife, so something may happen soon.”
“Stop talking like a crazy fool, brother. I’m much too busy protecting Hammath. Remember, when Herod falls, the Romans will take charge within hours. Abigail and I would rather live under our current government. I don’t need a Roman boot pressing down on my neck.”
I opened the synagogue door for Zosimos and wondered how proficient my brothers were at rowing a boat.



Chapter 17


I heard calls for help as I patrolled our marketplace, and I raced to our north gate, “A large band of men attacked us from behind after we passed the wadi, Tallis. They took Benson captive and dragged him up the ravine into the hills.” Welts and bruised covered his arms and face while his soldiers suffered cuts to their legs and upper extremities.
One of my worst nightmares came true. I grabbed my horn and blew, hoping Bazak and his troops would respond. I yelled at the men working on our doors to help me as Moss ran to fetch the doctor. One helper grabbed some linen strips. I tore a cloth into smaller pieces before distributing them to the soldiers with minor injuries. From the last strip, I made a compress, covered the gash on Elrad’s shoulder, and applied pressure to his wound. The injured man slumped over, fading fast from blood loss. I blew my horn again as Priam sank to the cobblestones and rolled against a wall, a dazed look covered his face. Sweat dripped from his forehead as the lump continued to swell under his right eye.
I asked Priam to describe the altercation while maintaining pressure on Elrad’s wound. I hoped the physician would arrive soon, “They attacked from behind, and used slings to pelt us with stones before attacking with short swords and knives. Elrad suffered major injuries. I hope Benson is still alive, but I don’t think they’d drag him away if they killed him.”
Elrad moaned as blood continued to flow down his arm. It’s taking forever for help to arrive. In the distance, I heard people running toward the marketplace, “Stay with me, Elrad. Help is on the way.” I recognized Bazak running toward me, “I’m glad you’re here. I need more linen strips. There on the table in front of the second stall. Hurry.”
“How are the others?” Bazak asked when he returned and handed Tallis the strips.
“They suffered less serious injuries and will survive.” I glanced at Priam, “Did you recognize any of your attackers?”
The Decanus shook his head, “The attack happened so fast. We couldn’t react before they were upon us. Benson brought up the rear.”
“Did you see anyone who may have witnessed the attack?” Priam shook his head.
Moments later, Moss with the doctor, who took my place and treated Elrad’s wound. This allowed me to check on our other soldiers, “Bazak, I need to notify Kaleb, but I’m afraid whoever I send might get attacked like Priam and his troops.”
“My Conturbenium and I can go, Tallis.”
“If I send you and your men, Hammath won’t have adequate protection until you return.” Whoever captured Benson would want to keep him hidden from view, and who knows where they are by now, “Bazak, tend to the others for me. I’ll return as soon as possible.” With a limited amount of time, I sprinted south, struggling to control my cape.
Abigail and her mother stood talking across the synagogue’s main room. Nammi saw me first and spoke to her daughter. I waved as the pair stood and headed toward me, “What’s wrong? There’s blood on your uniform, and you look frazzled. What happened?”
I struggled to breathe, “My new Conturbenium came under attack on their return from Tiberias. The assailants kidnapped one of Priam’s soldiers. I need to contact Kaleb, but I can’t afford to send my troops for fear they’ll face similar treatment. Where can I find Avidan?”
“You can’t send my brother, Tallis. He’s too young. Mother would never let him go.”
“He’s Hilarion’s age. Besides, I don’t have a choice unless you want to deliver the message, but I fear they might recognize you. Tell him to meet me at the marketplace.” I turned and ran without waiting for her response.
“Tallis, you’re back. I was looking for you. The doctor assured me Elrad will survive since his bleeding is under control.”
“Thanks for the update, Bazak.”
Seconds later, Priam spoke, “I feel terrible, sir. How did I let my guard down? I lost a man today. Who knows what they’ve done to Benson. We have to rescue him.” Priam struggled to stand, “I don’t know where to begin our search for him. I hope they don’t torture or kill my soldier. His memory will haunt my soul forever if we don’t get him back alive.”
“Don’t worry, we’ll find Benson.” I turned toward Bazak, “Find one of your fishermen friends who can transport Abigail’s brother or my wife to Tiberias. I have to notify Kaleb, and I’m afraid to send anyone on foot after what happened today. They need to leave right away. Go.”
Bazak’s eyes lit up, “I know someone, but you need to come with whoever you send since they may not recognize your brother-in-law.”
As I turned, I saw Avidan approaching, “Thank you for agreeing to help me. Follow me. Bazak, go find your friend. I’ll take Avidan to my house so I can write my message to Kaleb. We’ll meet at the lake.” Turning to my brother-in-law, I asked, “The entire village knows what happened by now. Can you handle this assignment?”
“Don’t worry, Tallis. I’m a fast runner.”
“I’m not allowing you to run. Bazak has a friend who owns a boat. He’ll row you to Tiberias and wait to bring you back home.”
“When do we leave?”
I noticed the young man’s nervousness as I wrote the letter addressed to Kaleb. I handed the parchment to Avidan, and gave the lad further instructions, “When you arrive at the fortress, tell the guards at the gate, you’re my relative. Then they will allow you to enter the courtyard. Deliver the message to Kaleb. While you wait for his response, pay attention to your surroundings. It may prove useful. Are you ready?” The lad nodded.
Avidan followed me to the lake, “I’ve never ridden in a boat before, Tallis. What am I supposed to do?”
“Get in and hang on. After Kaleb gives you his reply, return to the boat and enjoy the ride home. We’ll talk when you return.”
Bazak waved when he saw us approaching the pier, “Welcome. I’d like to introduce both of you to Jonathan. He agreed to help you this afternoon, and he’ll wait at the dock in Tiberias to bring Avidan home.”
After the introductions, Jonathan helped Abigail’s brother into the boat before pushing off. I thanked the fisherman as they drifted away, heading toward open water. Two other men rowed into the breeze. The return trip home would take less time, and I hoped Kaleb gave Avidan a quick response.
“Bazak, thank you for convincing Jonathan to help us. Travel by boat is much safer under current circumstances. Walk with me. I need to continue patrolling the streets. Would you believe I haven’t made it to the south gate today?”
“You’ve had a busy day, Tallis, but I hope the lad enjoys his journey.”
“I’m certain he’ll tell a great story when he gets home. If our weather turns, traveling in a small craft may dampen his spirits and make him afraid to venture out again.”
“Don’t worry so much. I’m confident Avidan will rise to the occasion. He’s tougher than you think.”
“Let me ask you a question, Bazak. If I’d sent both Conturbeniums to Tiberias this morning, would the barbarians still attacked my troops, or enter Hammath and vandalize our marketplace?”
“I imagine they studied our movements beforehand, so they knew what time we leave and return from our training sessions. What if they spent the entire morning hiding in the wadi, waiting for Priam and his troops to march along the highway?”
We continued our patrol, “You know, Tallis, if you’d left Hammath unprotected, and they attacked our citizens, Kaleb and Nikolaos would come looking for you.”
“If we had time, Abigail and I would run away as fast as our legs would carry us.”
Bazak stopped walking and scratched his head, “What if this was a different group who attacked Priam’s Conturbenium rather than the Zealots causing problems?”
My colleague’s comments caught me by surprise, “I don’t believe we’ll ever have enough troops to meet Kaleb’s expectations for keeping Hammath safe. One or two more Conturbeniums would help, but everything depends on how fast Priam and his men recover. Do our enemies gain in numbers daily? It’s time to make another visit to my contacts in Tiberias, but I can’t leave our village unprotected.”
Returning to the carpenter’s shop, I suggested Bazak go home and rest, “I’ll continue to patrol our streets. I want to check with Moss to see how he’s progressing on our new doors first. I’ll meet with you and your Conturbenium at sundown. Thanks for your help this morning.”
The carpenter stepped from his shop, “Moss, how are the doors coming along?”
“We’ve cut and sanded all the wood, Tallis. Tomorrow we will assemble the doors and mount the hinges. Should we finish in time, we’ll hang the doors, so you can close and secure your gates tomorrow night.”
“You’ve made significant progress. Thank you for the update. How are Kaleb’s helpers working out? They appear to be hard workers.”
“My assistants know what they’re doing and don’t complain. They work hard and follow directions. Please thank Kaleb on my behalf when you see him.”
“I appreciate your efforts, Moss. I look forward to seeing the doors hanging in place. Our securing both entrances will lessen the workload for my soldiers and me. I appreciate your hard work, and I’ll pass your gratitude along to Kaleb.”

      

The sun slipped behind the western hills, as darkness covered the valley floor, and I worried why Avidan hadn’t returned. As brazen as our foes had become, I couldn’t wait much longer for Kaleb to assign additional troops to my command. If the attacks continued, Hammath’s citizens might revolt, taking matters into their own hands. If this occurred, my soldiers and I could end up fighting our neighbors.
A boat sailed into view as I neared the pier. I hoped Avidan was on board, and Kaleb gave him a positive response after convincing Nikolaos to provide me with additional troops.
“Welcome home. How was your first boat ride?”
Avidan had the biggest grin on his face, “It was fantastic, Tallis. We sailed so fast coming home.”
“Tell me, how did your meeting go with Kaleb?”
“Your Centurion met me in the courtyard, and I handed him your letter. Kaleb read it but didn’t respond. Then he told me to wait for him, and he walked into a large building. When he returned, Kaleb said to tell you, he will see you in the morning… What’s the matter, Tallis?”
Now what? “Did Kaleb say anything else? Any hint of what he was thinking?”
Avidan shook his head, “Your Centurion walked away and left me standing in the courtyard. Another soldier escorted me to the gate.”
My brother-in-law’s response surprised me. I’d hoped Kaleb would send a few more troops to help me secure the situation right then.
“What’s the matter, Tallis? You look frustrated.”



Chapter 18


Priam and eight of his soldiers surprised me when they reported for duty at sunrise. Elrad and Benson weren’t available, but seeing everyone, after everything, they endured yesterday, was a relief, “I thought your Conturbenium would rest today. What a hardy bunch. I’m impressed, Priam. Did you have time to visit Elrad this morning?”
“He’s hanging on, sir. The doctor was there, and he reassures me my soldier will live, but it will be days before he walks another patrol. He needs to regain his strength.”
“I worried about you and your troops yesterday. Elrad, in particular. He lost so much blood. I plan to check on him later. In the meantime, I’m available to help you and men if you need me.”
“Thank you, Tallis. I don’t expect problems, but it’s reassuring to know I can depend on you.”

After several knocks, I recognized Addai’s head through the crack as he opened his door, “Tallis, What brings you to my house so early in the morning?”
“You wouldn’t sleep so late if you didn’t spend your nights on your roof. A man your age may get sick from a lack of sleep.”
“I spend every night on my rooftop, and I’m alive, aren’t I? Why don’t you step inside instead of standing out in the cold? I don’t want you getting sick.”
“A polite man waits for his host to invite him inside. Besides, I want to pay you another four dinars for helping me.”
Addai pointed to the stool as I entered his home, and the old man laughed, “Ha-ha, Tallis, my help hasn’t been worth much, but I’ll take your money.” I smiled and asked the old man if he wanted me to stop paying him. “You know I love money. I plan to buy some new clothes, but there’s nothing wrong with what I’m wearing. I’ve worn them for over twenty years, and they still keep me warm. Anyway, I heard about your men yesterday. They took quite a beating, didn’t they? I understand they kidnapped one of your soldiers too. Not good, Tallis. They’ll return with greater boldness next time.”
Addai’s comments caught me off guard, “I’m afraid you’re right, but did you see or hear anything to help delay or prevent their next attack or ambush?”
“You realize the spies remained vigilant last night, but I discovered your men changed their tactics and disappeared at midnight. Repeat this strategy, and your visitors might become more confident and attack you again.”
He figured out we’ve adjusted our tactics, “Addai, you’re a smart man. My plan includes repeating the same patterns for the next several nights, and we’ll continue to hide, monitoring their movements. I want you to know my soldiers spend time on their rooftops during the night. You taught me a new trick, old man. Thank you.” Addai smiled at my compliment, “I want our enemies to believe we didn’t learn from our mistakes since their attack on our marketplace. But we’ll be waiting for them if they try to come ashore again.”
Addai smiled, stepped toward me, and whispered, “I visited the marketplace when I heard all the commotion yesterday, Tallis. I hope your soldier survives his wounds.”
“The doctor believes Elrad will recover, but he’s lucky to be alive.”
“Praise God, but I have additional news to share. On my way to the marketplace yesterday, I spotted Dan leaving his house and heading toward the well. Later, I detected him studying the doctor as he treated your injured man’s shoulder. Dan stood in the crowd close to me. I suppose so people wouldn’t recognize him. Later, he walked to the lake and climbed into a boat with three other men his age. They rowed toward Tiberias, and his friends escorted him home before your soldiers came on duty last night… I bet he’s up to no good.”
How did Dan and his friends miss seeing Avidan when he returned home? “He must not have much to do. I plan to visit my brothers later today. I’m told men close to Dan’s age keep hanging around the blacksmith’s shop, but I hear it’s only when Hilarion shows up.”
Addai patted my shoulder, “You know, friends love to talk and spend time together. What could be more fun than disrupting people’s lives in a nearby village when your chances of getting caught are non-existent?”
“Their day will come, Addai. I promise, and they won’t like the consequences either.”
“I hope you catch them. Otherwise, our residents may get mad and take matters into their own hands. One can only guess what will happen.”
“Help from our citizens might be a blessing also.”
“Additional troops would help, and your new doors will make securing the town easier. Then you’ll have enough soldiers to protect the lake.” I watched Addai as he waved his arms, trying to explain his logic, “When the insurgents feel braver, they’ll return, and create trouble. Hammath is easy pickings, and they know you and your men can’t hide everywhere.”
Addai lost his balance and struggled to remain upright. I stood and help him to the stool so he wouldn’t fall and injure himself, “I hope they attack us again. I want them to have a false sense of security and make a mistake. Then we can capture them and end their foolishness.”
“You could trade them for Benson.”
I agreed with my friend, but how did he know the attackers captured Benson? “They think we don’t know what they’re doing. My goal is to dismantle their group, but I need a strategy to disrupt their plans.”
Addai stood and pointed his bony finger at me, “They’re fools, Tallis. I’m sure they will make a mistake soon. But, if they don’t, people will turn against you and your soldiers and blame Herod for not protecting our community if the attacks continue.”
I reached for my pouch, “Kaleb plans to visit me sometime this morning, and I hope he honors my request for additional troops. Like you said, we can’t wait much longer to strengthen our forces.”
“Trust in God, Tallis, and He will provide for your needs.”
“Thank you, Addai. Here, take these dinars. I hope you get to meet Dan, one of these days, and I look forward to seeing you dressed in new clothes.”

      

I left Addai’s house and headed toward the carpenter’s shop, “Good morning, Moss. The new doors look great.”
Moss grinned, “They’ll look fantastic once they’re in place. You’ll discover how easy it is to open, close, and secure the doors. Two soldiers can handle the task, but I’m certain your troops can get the job done.”
“I’m confident my men can manage without problems. This will help keep Hammath safe at night.” Moss gathered his tools before asking if I wanted to observe him install the doors at the south gate. “I appreciate your invitation, but I’m expecting my Centurion to arrive sometime this morning. I don’t want Kaleb to think I’m rude if he can’t find me.”
“As you wish, but don’t say I didn’t invite you. I’m pleased you approve of my work. It’s been a true labor of love.”
Kaleb arrived minutes after Moss, and his assistants departed. Three Conturbeniums, along with two wagons filled with supplies, equipment, and personal possessions, followed behind their commanding officer, “Good morning, sir. What did you bring with you?”
My Centurion nodded as we shook hands, “Tallis, I read your message. I’m troubled by the deteriorating situation in Hammath. While I can’t provide all the troops you requested, I can add another Conturbenium to serve under your leadership. Allow me to introduce you to your new Decanus. Tallis, meet Gad. His hometown is Sepphoris, the same as Priam, but he felt life was getting too dull and requested a change of scenery. Today, he and his men work for you.”
“Thank you for the quick response, sir, but I need to find housing for eleven additional soldiers. Do you have suggestions?”
Kaleb laughed, “You worry too much, Tallis. Gad will live with Priam. Neither man has a wife. His troops can live with your other non-married troops. Still, we need to secure several empty residences to resolve the housing shortage. I’ll take care of this before returning home. We can hire Moss to repair them. Now, where’s Priam?
I turned toward the north gate and addressed one of my soldiers, “I need you to find your Decanus and bring him here. Say Kaleb wants to meet with him.”
Kaleb visited the carpenter’s shop and examined the remaining pair of doors while waiting for Moss to return, “The new doors will look spectacular once they’re in place. I hope they serve as a deterrent and discourage anyone from entering Hammath at night. With one less item to fret over, you can use your troops with greater efficiency. Perhaps your enemies will recognize you can overwhelm them now, and they won’t attack your community again.”
“I hope you’re right, sir. My goal is to lure them into town and capture one or two in their complacency. I need to discover who is hiding Benson, and where they hold him prisoner. Once I know, we can develop a plan to rescue our colleague.”
“You don’t know who’s attacking your community. Whoever kidnapped Benson could be part of another group.”
“True, sir, but my soldiers and I meet with our neighbors. They’re sharing information with us since we’ve shown an interest in their well-being.”
Kaleb’s head jerked back, “You’re a smart fellow, Tallis. I’m impressed.
“My men and I need to figure out what’s going on, so let me ask you a question, sir.”
“I have no more soldiers to give you in case you ask.”
“No, but I would like to train my own troops. Our men wouldn’t need to march to Tiberias, so attacks on my soldiers would no longer concern me.”
Kaleb paced, rubbing his chin. I wish I could read his mind, “First, I will say yes to your request, but I must receive official authorization from Nikolaos, though I doubt he cares. Many of your troops are raw recruits. Regular training will enable them to become battle-ready and improve their effectiveness.”
“Thank you for your confidence in me, sir. We’ll begin this afternoon.”
“You’re welcome, but before I leave, I want you to take me on another tour so I can assess what you’re doing to prevent future attacks on Hammath. Then Moss and I will meet.”
Priam arrived as Kaleb, and I turned to leave the marketplace. I waited from our Centurion to direct my Decanus to take Gad and his Conturbenium to their new residences, “Are you ready, sir?” Kaleb nodded, “I want to show you something before we reach the lake. We’ll make a quick stop at my place. It’s on our way.”
“Why do I need to visit your house?”
“My home isn’t important. I want to show you the view from my rooftop.”
“Don’t waste my time, Tallis.”
“Humor me, sir.” I unlocked our courtyard door, “Please, step inside, and I’ll show you an impressive sight. Follow me upstairs.” We crossed the roof, and I pointed at the water, “Look, you can see the entire lake, but two nights ago, I spent time up here, surveying the area.”
“Why? Does this calm your soul, or are you getting lazy?”
“How do you like my view, Kaleb?”
“It’s nice. Let’s go. I’ve got better things to do.”
My Centurion turned to leave, but I didn’t follow him, “Imagine sitting here watching the stars. What else would you see?”
Kaleb waved, retraced his steps, and stood next to me, “I wouldn’t see fishermen.”
“No, you wouldn’t, but as your eyes adjusted, you might detect several vessels floating on the water. Far enough from shore so you wouldn’t spot them if you didn’t pay close attention to your surroundings.”
Kaleb glared at me, “What’s your point? Why would you watch people sailing? It’s dark and wastes time. I want you and your men patrolling the streets, not star gazing.”
I smiled at my superior, “Bear with me, sir. I’m told our fishermen don’t work during the entire night, and these vessels aren’t sailing. They don’t float south with the current either. They lower their anchors, and bob up and down for hours, and they leave before most fishermen cast off.”
Kaleb’s face wrinkled, “What do you suppose they’re doing, Tallis?”
“I ask myself the same question. My guess is, our enemy is spying. They study our troop movements as we patrol the shoreline. Over time, they figured out we ended our patrols at midnight. With this information, they ventured into Hammath and damaged our marketplace.” I studied Kaleb’s face, looking for his reaction, and noticed a confused look on his face. “With Priam’s Conturbenium, we can patrol the entire night, and we vary our patrols to make those observing us think we go home at the end of the second watch… We don’t leave, sir. My men slip into the shadows, hiding from view. If we can lure them into Hammath, we can take prisoners.”
Kaleb stood next to me with a look of amazement on his face as he surveyed his surroundings, rubbing his chin, “When do you think they’ll attack?”
How am I supposed to know? “I hope they return soon, so we can apprehend them and learn what they plan to do next, who their leaders are, and where they’re holding Benson prisoner. I would love to use one or two as bate and exchange them for Benson. The others, I’d deliver to Herod. He can deal with them.”
“I wish I could help you, Tallis, but today, there are no more trained troops available, and qualified candidates aren’t rushing to join Herod’s Army. Twenty-three years is a lifetime. The pay is good, and Antipas allows his soldiers to marry, unlike Rome.”
I didn’t know how to respond. I’ve heard this story before. I realize Kaleb wished we had someone to recruit and enlist qualified soldiers. Greeks and other nationalities live in Palestine who would serve Herod well for the salary they’d receive, “I understand your situation, sir. Most Jews living in Galilee or Perea would love to see Antipas removed from power, but living under Roman rule would place a greater burden on our citizens than they experience today. My soldiers and I treat our neighbors with dignity and respect. We try to listen first. Would Rome behave this way?”
Kaleb snarled and waved his hand, “You know the Romans don’t ask questions, Tallis. They’d love to make an example out of anyone causing trouble and crucify anyone who committed a crime. If they made mistakes, who cares.”
“If Rome takes control of Galilee, Abigail and I would move far away. I’d refuse to work for them.”
“Don’t worry, soldier. They wouldn’t want your help. You’re a married man and ask too many questions. Besides, they might transfer you to Gaul.”
I laughed, hoping Kaleb was joking, “Funny, sir. Let’s complete our patrol.”
Reaching the bottom of the stairs, Kaleb asked, “Why haven’t I seen Bazak this morning?”
“He needs to sleep sometime. His Conturbenium patrolled the entire night, but I met him after his shift ended today. Like me, Bazak spends part of the night on his roof, looking for people spying on his troops. With the new Conturbenium, we may station some soldiers on rooftops. Then we could surprise anyone entering Hammath.”
“I think the stress is getting to you and your Decanus, Tallis.”
Arriving at the south gate, Kaleb and I inspected our new doors, “Look how sturdy Moss built them, sir. They will be difficult to breach. My plan includes posting two soldiers at each gate. I don’t want my men to work alone, so somebody surprises them, opens the doors, let their comrades enter, and attack from behind.”
Kaleb smiled, “I’m pleased you learned something, and thank you for the tour. You’ll send a message with three Conturbeniums at your disposal. Don’t cause trouble in Hammath.”
“I enjoyed our visit, too, sir. I hope you convince Nikolaos to provide a fourth Conturbenium. but, a Century would enable us to become more efficient and allow us to patrol the highway to the end of the lake.”
“I will speak with Nikolaos on your behalf, but I can’t make promises. After I check with Priam and his troops, I’ll return to Tiberias with the two other Conturbeniums accompanying me this morning. Good day.”



Chapter 19


Men who fish for a living begin their day before the sun rises above the Bashan Heights. I walked to Hammath’s pier, hoping to speak with our local fishermen before they cast off, “Good morning.” My voice surprised those present.
“Bazak, you snuck up on us. What are you doing here? The sun won’t rise for another two hours.”
“I need to speak with you and your colleagues, Nosh.”
“Wait here, friend.” Nosh disappeared into the darkness. In the distance, I heard voices and hoped a few fellows would join Nosh and listen to me. Minutes later, twenty fishermen surrounded me, “My colleagues agreed to hear you out, Bazak.”
“Shalom. I came to ask for your help.” I spent several minutes reviewing the events caused by the people attacking Hammath and discussing how our fishermen could help protect their community from these troublemakers. I also mentioned we needed some of them to transport our soldiers to Tiberias or other destinations around the lake, “I don’t expect a commitment this morning. Discuss what I’ve shared with you. If you’re willing to help, tell Nosh. He and I will meet again. Thank you.”
Everyone, except for Nosh, walked away, talking amongst themselves, “I’ll speak with them later, Bazak. I hope my colleagues will step forward and help. You know, I will. Meet me two mornings from today. I should have answers for you.” Nosh turned and walked toward his vessel.
Minutes later, I met with Tallis and discussed my meeting with the local fishermen. My Triplicarious informed his other two Decanuses and me he would visit Tiberias today and speak with his brothers. He didn’t plan to return until mid-day.
I reminded Tallis to watch his back and recommended he take additional soldiers with him for safety, “Whoever kidnapped Benson would love to capture a man of your rank, sir.”

      

The first rays of sunlight crept across the sky. I found Paroh standing in the shadows near Tiberias’s marketplace. To my north, altocumulus clouds swelled, covering Mount Hermon and the lower peaks northeast of the city. Soon the north wind would blow torrents of rain and freezing gusts cascading through the valley, “Good morning, Paroh. Let’s move to someplace less conspicuous.” We headed north along the waterfront before darting up a side street so narrow only a man leading a donkey could pass through, “Did you hear Priam and his Conturbenium came under attack two days ago?”
My friend shook his head, “Did his troops suffer casualties?”
“They captured a soldier named Benson and injured everyone else. One man suffered a life-threatening injury, but he survived. They could be the same group who damaged our marketplace, but I’m speculating.”
“I hope they treat him well. Has anyone contacted you with demands for his release?”
“No, but let me ask you what information do you have regarding my brother’s shop?”
“Your brothers keep busy. Did you know Zosimos visited Hammath earlier this week? I heard he provided the hardware for your new doors. Otherwise, people visit his shop all day. I can’t figure out how they get their work done with the interruptions.”
“What about Hilarion?”
A smile crept across Paroh’s face, “Your youngest brother comes and goes as he pleases. He and the shop’s visitors act like they are close friends. Of late, I’ve seen a few new fellows visiting the building when he’s present.”
I’m surprised Zosimos hasn’t fired Hilarion yet. For a business owner, my middle brother didn’t have the spine to enforce his own rules, “Did you recognize any of their visitors?”
“Sorry, Tallis, but I’m several years older than your brothers. They associate with men closer to their own ages. Dodi might recognize them, though.”
“Where can I find her this morning?”
“I can show you where she lives.”
“So do I, Paroh. People may become suspicious and wonder why one of Herod’s soldiers wants to speak with an unmarried Jewish woman. “Will you track her down? Ask Dodi to meet me at the north well. I’ll meet her there.”
“I better hurry, Tallis. Dodi often meets with her married friends, but we both know she visits the well daily. Be careful. People will wonder why you’re walking the streets without your Conturbenium.”
“You haven’t heard the news? I’m no longer a Decanus. Kaleb promoted me to the rank of Triplicarious. Today, I lead three Conturbeniums.”
Paroh congratulated me before turning and hobbling up the hill toward the main road heading north. I waited several minutes before following my friend, but instead of turning, I continued walking straight and passed another intersection before turning right. Three blocks later, I stopped at the intersection.
Laughter filled the air as I peeked around the building where I was hiding and saw my friends approaching the well, “Paroh.” The pair glanced over their shoulders, and I waved, motioning them to join me.
Dodi and I exchanged greetings, “Your brothers made another acquaintance. He may be an old friend, but I spotted him visiting the blacksmith shop. His name is Zamir. He and Hilarion spend a good deal of time together.”
“Tell me about him, Dodi.”
“Zamir’s younger brother and I knew each other, but I heard he left the area after his father died during a robbery late last year. Anyway, Zamir inherited everything his family owned, including a large country estate south of Magdala. Today, he owns vineyards, orchards, and a fish processing business managed by his uncle, not to mention an enormous sum of money. Zamir doesn’t hold a job and has too much free time.”
“Do you think Zamir leads the group who attacked Hammath and kidnapped one of my soldiers?”
Dodi cocked her head with a peculiar expression on her face, “He has many acquaintances, Tallis. Some visit the blacksmith shop. A few own fishing boats, and I’ve heard others visit Hammath. Hilarion has another friend who lives in your village. You may know him. His name is Dan. I’d watch him if I were you.”
“What makes you think I need to pay attention to this fellow?”
“Dan travels back and forth between Hammath and Tiberias every day. Friends from Tiberias and Magdala transport him between various locations when he doesn’t walk.”
“Would Zamir remember you if you met again?”
“He might. I can point him out, or you could visit your brother’s shop when Zamir visits, and introduce yourself. He’s easy to recognize. You know it’s not proper for me to speak with a man.”
Dodi’s right. Zamir wouldn’t converse with a single woman.
“Zamir doesn’t dress like the average Jew, Tallis. He’s wealthy. He wears imported boots and clothing tailored to fit his body.” Dodi also mentioned she didn’t recognize the other shop visitors. “I could point out which ones dropped by if I saw them again. Paroh and I can follow them if you want us to, but their discussions either take place inside the shop or behind the building.”
Both Paroh and Dodi mentioned Zosimos was too busy to leave his shop most days. When he did, it was for business or to return home. Paroh added, Zosimos didn’t socialize at night.
Their reports pleased me. Zosimos must overhear what Hilarion and his friends discuss, “I want one of you to shadow their friends. Find out where they live and work. It wouldn’t surprise me to learn they have some connection with the troubles in Hammath.”
Paroh spoke first, “I’ve followed them, Tallis. I take my son with me. People don’t pay attention to us when we’re together. Adults drop their guard when they see a father and his child enjoying each other’s company.”
Dodi described Zamir’s estate, “His compound has a red tile roof and tall whitewashed walls. It lies along the west side of the highway between Rakkath and Magdala. I haven’t noticed a guard near the property during the day.”
I nodded before asking Dodi, “Are Herod and Zamir friends?”
Paroh shrugged, “Zamir is too young for the Tetrarch’s crowd, but his late father used to socialize with Herod. Before my injury, I’d been on duty, several times, when both were present.”
“I didn’t know the two families socialized, thank you. One last question. Have either you or Dodi overheard any conversations discussing the attack on my soldiers two days ago, or who kidnapped Benson?” Both friends shook their heads, “Do either of you remember seeing Acaph or Mered of late?”
Paroh nodded, “Their names come up when I pass the smithy’s shop sometimes, but I don’t recall seeing either man over the last several days. They used to live not too far from my home, but I don’t walk through their neighborhood often. My son and I will stroll along their street this afternoon.”
“Stay home if the storm hits. Neither one of you needs to get sick.”
Before leaving, I handed each friend another ten dinars before we headed off in opposite directions. I have a strong suspicion one or both of my brothers associate with the men causing the trouble in Hammath. I wish I could infiltrate their organization. If Paroh could verify where Acaph and Mered live, I could visit them one morning. I’m sure they’d love to see me again.

      

Anyone walking along the street near my brother’s shop would smell the stench and hear the smithy’s hammer striking metal. I found Zosimos pounding away on one of his many projects when I entered his building. Sweat covered his face and arms as black smoke billowed from the furnace, filling the room and floating out both doors and the lone window.
Zosimos appeared surprised when he saw me, “What brings you to my shop, Tallis?”
“I attended a meeting and thought I would check on you and Hilarion. I hope you and our brother are well.”
“We are. I assume you and the rest of our family are too.”
My brother and I chatted as I surveyed his shop, “I don’t see Hilarion. Does he still work for you?”
Zosimos nodded with a disgusted look covering his face, “I don’t know where he is. Our brother enjoys spending the money I pay him, but he doesn’t like work. I need to hire another apprentice plus someone to replace Hilarion. I’m overwhelmed with orders, and I can’t meet my deadlines when he doesn’t work.”
“What’s his excuse?”
My brother didn’t respond as he beat whatever he was making harder. Several blows later, Zosimos paused, swallowed hard, and rubbed his neck, before shaking his head, “I wish I knew, Tallis. I wish I knew. When he comes to work, Hilarion invites his friends to visit. Then they talk and laugh, which keeps him from completing his work. This morning, a friend arrived, and our brother announced he was going for a walk. I can’t afford to keep him, and our mother will be furious if I fire him. How will he support himself? I don’t think he realizes how much time he wastes.”
“Our baby brother isn’t serious about anything. He avoided work when our mother asked for his help. Firing him may force Hilarion to grow up.” I paused when Zosimos turned away. My brother doesn’t like confrontation, “You have a tough decision to make. I hope I never find myself in your shoes.”
The sound of footsteps interrupted our conversation, and we turned to see a young fellow with dark brown hair and eyes step inside. This fellow appeared shorter and pudgier than most Jewish men. He wore a white linen shirt and a blue tunic. His handcrafted green boots had a bright sheen, and he appeared lost, “Hilarion isn’t here, Zamir. I don’t know if I’ll see him again today.”
The lad examined my uniform and looked like he wanted to retrace his steps, wishing he’d never entered the building, “He and I need to talk. Let your brother know I dropped by today.” Zamir looked like a weasel when he squinted. His eyes darted around the shop, “I won’t be staying. Tell Hilarion, I need his help later today. He knows where to find me.” Zamir turned and stomped away. Zosimos and I watched him saunter away.
I don’t know if I’ve ever met someone so arrogant in my life, “So that’s Zamir. Does he visit your shop often?”
Zosimos shrugged, “He stops by on occasion, but I don’t think he likes dirt, so he never stays long.”
“Why would a rich man visit Hilarion? They don’t run in the same social circles.”
My brother waved his hands overhead, “Who knows? They have similar philosophies, I suppose.”
“Like yours?”
Zosimos dropped his hammer and glared, “What do you mean, Tallis?”
“No offense, brother, but you’ve told me you’d love to see Herod and the Romans driven from Palestine.” Zosimos’s head snapped back. I’ve touched a nerve. If his stare could kill, I’d be dead, “It’s funny. You want to dispose of the man, who pays you, from power.”
Zosimos growled and bared his teeth, “What good Jew wouldn’t want Herod gone. Foreigners have occupied our land for generations. We Hebrews want to rule what God gave us under His laws.”
I smiled, hoping my brother would see the humor of the moment so he would relax. It didn’t work as planned, “As I recall, Zosimos, the Jews haven’t followed God’s commandments despite repeated opportunities to repent. What makes you think anything will change if God gives His people another chance?”
Zosimos slammed his hammer on top of a nearby workbench, startling me, “I think we’ve learned our lesson by now, Tallis. I don’t enjoy paying taxes. Herod takes half of my money, and Rome steals most of what remains.” Zosimos walked away before turning back and glaring at me, “What do I get? Another road I don’t need, a stadium I’ll never visit, or a chariot I have to build myself. I’m taxed twice to live in my own country.” Zosimos grabbed his hammer and threw it across his shop.
“When will it end, brother? But you need to remember who pays your salary and mine. It’s your job to keep Herod’s Army functioning. “
With his fists clenched, Zosimos approached me, and I stepped back, wanting to end the confrontation, “It will end when God sends his Messiah, Tallis. And yes, Ya-el and I would struggle if I lost my contract with the Tetrarch.”
I’d ever noticed the veins in my brother’s neck bulging before, but I continued our conversation, “When will this happen?”
“Soon, I hope.”
A knock on the door interrupted our banter as a stranger stepped inside, “May I help you?” Zosimos asked as he placed his hammer on top of a workbench.
The visitor glanced at both of us, “I hope so. I’m looking for one of my relatives. I’m told he owns a blacksmith’s shop, like this one. My aunt told me his name is Zosimos, and his mother’s name is Odelia. Would you be Zosimos?”
The smithy smiled at his guest, “My mother’s name is Odelia, and I am Zosimos. Who might you be?”
The fellow smiled at us, “My aunt, Mary, is your mother’s cousin. My name is Nathanael, and we live in Cana.”
I watched as my brother’s jaw dropped, “Nathanael, it is an honor to meet you. This is my oldest brother, Tallis. What brings you to my shop?”
“I came to Tiberias to visit friends, but I am heading to Bethsaida to meet another fellow. His name is Philip. Our later fathers developed a friendship before either of us were born. I plan to ask Philip to serve as the best man at my wedding, and since we’ve met, I will send an invitation to you and your family.”
Zosimos glanced at me as he continued the conversation, “We would love to attend your wedding, Nathanael. Wouldn’t we, Tallis? It’s an honor to meet you. I don’t remember hearing our mother discuss her relatives from Cana with us, even when we lived in Nazareth and Sepphoris. We were younger, or didn’t pay attention.”
“I am the honored one, Zosimos, Tallis. I will share the news with my family when I return home, and I will contact you soon. Shalom.”
Nathanael left the shop, “Tallis, did you realize we had relatives living in Cana? You’ll see our mother before I do. Tell her we met a cousin of hers. She’ll be so excited.”
I patted my brother’s shoulder, “I’ll tell her tonight. She’s joining Abigail and me for our evening meal along with Nammi and Avidan. She’s in for a surprise. Stay well, Zosimos, and I hope you find a reliable worker or two who can help you complete your orders on time.”



Chapter 20


Abigail announced our evening meal was ready and reminded everyone to wash before we gathered to eat. I no sooner sat down when my wife started a conversation by asking me what I’d done today. Caught by surprise, I hesitated, “I visited Zosimos at his shop this morning. He’s a busy man these days. My brother told me he needed to hire at least one additional apprentice.”
“Was Hilarion there,” Odelia asked?
“No, mother. Zosimos said he didn’t report for work, but we net someone while I was visiting the shop. He’s a few years older than me.”
“Is this unusual? I would think Zosimos would meet people daily.”
I love teasing my mother, “This visitor hadn’t been to his shop before, but after we introduced ourselves, our guest said to tell you hello.”
Odelia blushed, “What’s his name, or do I need to guess?”
I couldn’t keep from smiling, “I’ll tell you because you’ll never guess his name. His aunt’s name is Mary, our relatives live in Cana, and his name is Nathanael.”
The room fell silent, “Oh, my.” Odelia rubbed her eyes, “The last time I saw Nathanael, he was a child, and we lived in Sepphoris. How is he?”
“He looked good, but he couldn’t stay long. Nathanael was traveling to Bethsaida and said he planned to marry. Our family will receive an invitation to his wedding, but he didn’t say when they would hold the celebration.”
Mother sniffed, “I would love to see him and my family again. Did he say how my aunt was doing? I haven’t seen her in years.”
“No, mother, he was in a hurry to meet Philip. Nathanael didn’t discuss his return trip either, but he asked me to give you a hug and a kiss. If I may, I’ll do so now.” I leaned toward my mother, kissed her forehead, and wrapped my arms around her. Odelia smiled as tears trickled down her wrinkled cheeks. I know she misses her relatives, but a trip to Cana might be too difficult for her. Besides, my mother needs to rest, so she has enough strength to attend the wedding.
Avidan reached for something to eat, but I asked him to wait, “Our cousin also asked Zosimos and me to pray for him, so I will keep my promise.” I glanced at each person seated around our table before bowing my head and clasping my hands together, “God, I give thanks to you, and I praise your name tonight. Bless Nathanael. Watch over him and keep him safe so he may enjoy his journey to Bethsaida and his visit with Philip. Bless my wife and our families. Thank you for hearing my prayer. Amen.”
Our family sat there stunned, and Abigail told me later, I’d surprised everyone by praying. They couldn’t recall a time when I’d prayed before. Nammi, Odelia, and Abigail smiled, but the moment didn’t seem to impress Avidan.
After our evening meal, I excused myself, saying it was time to meet with Gad and his Conturbenium before they came on duty for the night. Before leaving, Abigail whispered in my ear, “Thank you for praying tonight, my dear. I’m proud to be your wife. I love you.”

      

Two soldiers secured Hammath’s north gate as I arrived, “Good evening. I want to thank everyone for your excellent work last night. Gad, have your Conturbenium follow the same protocols, though I expect a change in tonight’s weather. When the storm hits, those troops patrolling the shoreline need to take shelter under the nearest overhangs. Someplace where they can see the water. Your outer cloaks will help keep you dry, but our helmets provide little protection for your face and eyes. Watch for any attempts to enter Hammath, though I don’t expect problems. The waves will make coming ashore treacherous. I also want two soldiers stationed at each gate. Secure our south gate when you arrive. Gad, follow me.”
Gad and I walked toward the bathhouse, next to the tower, “We need to talk in private and decide if we should adjust our patrols tomorrow night. Before the attack on our marketplace, my soldiers and I would remain on duty until the second watch ended. The addition of Priam’s Conturbenium allowed us to extend our patrols to cover the entire night.”
“What do you have in mind, Tallis?”
“Tomorrow night, I want your troops to pretend they’re leaving at midnight. Instead of heading home, tell them to step into the shadows. I hope to create an illusion, so our enemies attack Hammath again, thinking we’ve ended our patrols for the night, leaving our village unprotected.”
Gad stared into the night, “What makes you think they’ll return? I’m sure those spying on us found out we’ve secured our gates. They know they can’t escape using the highway heading north or south any longer.”
I explained how I hoped to entice our enemies to re-enter Hammath, “Then we’ll surround the intruders and take prisoners. After our interrogations, we will deliver them to Herod. Once Antipas jails our troublemakers, our problems will disappear.”
Gad nodded and continued studying his surroundings, “Won’t others take their place? Most people despise Herod and his taxes, and many of our soldiers don’t treat the citizens of Galilee with respect.”
“You’re right, but I have faith we are an exception. I want our citizens to understand we provide a valuable service, and they can trust us. My goal is to get to know our neighbors, so they help us protect Hammath.”
“You’ve set a lofty goal, sir, and I agree with you. I’m sure we can convince our citizens to support us.”
“I plan to meet with all my Decanuses tomorrow. I want us to develop strategies to avert future attacks on our community. Spend time on your rooftop tonight, but sound the alarm at the first sign of trouble.”

      

I made my way home as gale-force winds whipped through the valley. Torrents of rain flooded our streets and low-lying areas. The sounds reminded me of an old man groaning in pain, and I hoped Gad and his soldiers found shelter without compromising their locations or duties. Temperatures plunged as the gusts rushed along narrow streets, blowing sand and other small particles into the air. Seconds later, lightning and thunder arrived, creating a light show and limiting the vision and hearing of anyone outside on this miserable night.
Half-way through the first watch, I climbed my stairs to our rooftop with my cloak secured around me, hoping to keep dry. Between flashes of lightning and claps of thunder, I heard screams somewhere near the lake. Seconds later, a horn blast ripped through the night, a lightning bolt flashed, and I spotted a small boat struggling to approach our shore. I raced down the stairs, grabbed my weapons, and ran out the door, heading toward the waterfront. I turned the corner, the sounds grew louder, and I noticed my neighbors peering out to see what caused all the commotion. Farther south, Gad and four soldiers struggled to control two men as they attempted to break free and run to their friends attempting to land their boat. The tussle ended as I arrived.
“My soldiers spotted these two running toward the lake, Tallis. They ignored our commands to stop, so we restrained them.”
“Take your prisoners to the tower and shackle their ankles.” Another horn blast ripped through the night. The boat. I turned, retracing my steps, running north. Two soldiers stood, watching four lads struggle to turn their sloop into the wind so they could retreat to deeper water and avoid capsizing or capture. I said a quick prayer, asking for a peaceful night from this point forward.

      

Two young fellows, close to Hilarion’s age, sat on the stone floor of our north tower, hands secured behind their backs, and chains on their ankles. Gad and four soldiers towered over the pair, as our prisoners shook from the cold, scared of what may happen next.
One trooper grabbed a captive’s hair, yanking his head back, “What should we do with them, sir? Slit their throats and throw them in the lake?”
“Relax soldier,” I studied each prisoner’s face before patting Gad’s shoulder, “Interrogate them, but before you begin, come with me. I have a few questions I want you to ask.” My Decanus and I stepped outside as the winds began losing their intensity, “If they don’t answer the questions to your liking, encourage them to talk, but don’t break any bones or kill them. I want to keep them alive so we can swap them for Benson.”
By sunrise, last nights’ squall had become a fleeting memory. Bazak and two soldiers accompanied me to the tower. Two knocks, the door opened. Gad’s prisoners lay asleep on the stone-covered floor.
I asked Gad how well the captives cooperated, “Each man answered the questions you directed me to ask them, sir.”
“Good, before you head home to rest, tell me what you learned. I may interrogate our guests again.”
Gad pointed, “The fellow with the bruise on his check told me his name is Deron. I asked him what he was doing in Hammath. He told me he came to visit a friend yesterday afternoon.”
I glanced at Deron as he awakened, “Does his friend have a name?”
My Decanus grinned, “He does now, but we needed to coax the lad to help improve his memory.”
“What name did he give you?”
“Deron decided his friend’s name was Dan.”
The news didn’t surprise me, “Did Deron tell you where Dan lives?” I hope Deron gave the same location Addai shared with me earlier.
“On the eleventh street between the water and the main road. Fifth house on the north side.”
“Did the bruise on Deron’s check make him smarter?”
“It did, sir, and it convinced his buddy, whose name is Label, to cooperate with us also.”
I suppressed my chuckle, “Good, sometimes we can learn from the mistakes of our friends. Did either man tell you why they visited Dan yesterday?”
Gad continued to debrief me on what he’d learned during the interrogation, “The pair came for a social visit, Tallis. Their friends brought them to Hammath by boat. Deron and Label often travel by boat, and they, along with their comrades, live in Tiberias. Both men heard we now secure our gates after sunset. They claimed Dan made a special trip to tell his colleagues we had fortified the gates. Their friends planned to pick up these two, but weren’t smart enough to recognize the storm’s intensity.”
The discussion ended when I noticed movement out of the corner of my eye. Deron struggled to sit up, “How does it feel to know your friends weren’t loyal enough to rescue you?” The lad didn’t respond, “Take him outside, Bazak. I want to speak with Deron in private. For his sake, I hope he cooperates.”
Deron trembled, and his eyes glazed over when he heard his name mentioned. Bazak grabbed the man, pulled him to his feet, and shoved him toward the door. Once outside, Bazak bounced our prisoner off the tower wall while I waited for Deron to compose himself. Stepping forward, I glared into the lad’s eyes and poked the tip of his nose with my finger, “I will ask you several questions, Deron. I want you to mull over your responses before you respond… You need to understand, I know the answers to my questions. It’s to your advantage to tell me the truth rather than lie. If you’re honest, you and Label will live. If not, good luck. I won’t hit you, Deron. I will not swear, but I will know if you don’t give me an honest reply. Do you understand my expectations?”
The lad dropped his head as he trembled, ruining any effort to hide his fear, and whimpered, “Yes.”
“Look at me, Deron… Good. First question. Do you have a friend named Hilarion? Yes or no.”
“Yes.”
“Good. You’ll live for now. Do you know Hilarion’s brother, Zosimos?”
“Yes.”
“Thank you for your honesty, Deron. How often do you visit Hilarion and Zosimos?”
Deron quivered, “I see Hilarion every day. Zosimos owns the business where Hilarion works, but I don’t visit with Zosimos.”
“How many of your friends visit the blacksmith’s shop during the day?
“Most, I suppose. We meet with Hilarion there.”
“Hilarion works to support himself. How do you earn a living?”
Deron’s right eye twitched as panic set in, looking for a way to escape despite shackles securing his ankles, “I’m looking for work, sir. My father won’t allow me to live at home since I don’t have employment.”
I placed my hand on Deron’s chest so he couldn’t move and glared into the young man’s eyes, “Didn’t you work as an apprentice growing up?”
“I… I did. My master fished for a living, but he drowned one morning during a storm. A giant wave crashed over his boat, and we sank. Three others perished with him. Two of us survived.”
I paused for a second before my questions become more direct. I leaned forward until I was eye-to-eye with the lad, “Three weeks ago, four men entered Hammath and killed two soldiers. One of those men was Hilarion. Who killed my men, Deron? You?”
Deron shook as his body went limp, but I grabbed him, preventing his fall, “No! I didn’t kill them. I wasn’t there. Honest.”
I growled at the lad, “You were there, Deron. You and Label. Both of you helped murder my soldiers.”
“I didn’t kill your men, sir. You can’t blame me. Hilarion told me the soldiers stepped out of a house as he and his friends walked along the street. He said it was Rana and Ian. They killed your soldiers. They both had knives, and Ranan carried a club. Ian stabbed the man who tried to fight back.”
Deron’s response caught me by surprise, “Do you carry a knife sometimes?”
“No, sir. I don’t own a knife anymore. I lost mine when my master’s boat sun during the storm.”
I grabbed Deron by his neck, causing his voice to rise an octave, “You better not lie to me. If you knew who killed my soldiers, why didn’t you come forward, so we could apprehend their killers? Why didn’t you help us, Deron? The captive turned his head, trying to avoid my breath. I tightened my grip and squeezed until the lad’s eyeballs bulged, “I need answers, and I want to free Benson.”
“I… I don’t know why, sir.”
“Were you afraid your companions would kill you if you talked? Are you a coward, Deron?”
Sweat formed on my prisoner’s face, “I don’t know. I don’t know.” I lowered the lad to the cobblestones.
“Sit down. It’s okay. Let’s discuss something else.” Deron slumped against the tower wall, attempting to regain his composure, “Do you know a fellow named Zamir?” Deron trembled, and I thought he might faint, “How long have you two been friends?”
“His younger brother and I grew up together.”
I smiled, hoping Deron would relax or let his guard down as I continued to question him, “Zamir’s a wealthy young man, isn’t he? I understand his father died last year.” Deron nodded, “You live with Zamir sometimes, don’t you? Zamir took you in when your father threw you out of your family’s home.” Tears swelled in the lad’s eyes, “Sometimes you don’t stay with your friend. You live with Hilarion on those nights, right?”
Deron looked into my eyes and whispered, “Yes,” before hanging his head and wept.
I didn’t show my captive any mercy, “Did you say, yes, Deron? I couldn’t hear you. Speak up.”
“Yes!”
“Much better. You’re a smart fellow. Tell me, when does Zamir plan to have his friends attack Hammath again? Will they return? Tonight, tomorrow, next week, or after the winter rains? When’s the next attack coming, Deron?”
The lad shook his head, “I don’t know. Zamir hasn’t said.”
“Can Hilarion answer my last question?”
“You need to ask him. The two of us haven’t discussed another attack.”
It was time to change the topic, so I stepped back, giving my prisoner room to breathe, “Where’s Zamir hiding my soldier, Benson? At his country estate near Magdala?”
Deron nodded.
“Is he still alive?”
“He was the last time I stayed at Zamir’s estate.”
“What will your friend do with Benson? Kill him? I hope not for your sake.”
“Zamir doesn’t share his plans with me, but your soldier was alive.”
I squatted, facing my captive, “Deron, let’s discuss the next attack on Hammath. Who helps Zamir plan, and who scouts for him? Someone has to arrange for the boats to transport his friends when they come and spy on our patrols.”
Deron whispered, “Zamir has a friend. Adar assists him. He arranges everything and decides who will spy each night. Adar has many friends, like Zamir.”
“We’re almost through, Deron. How many people live at Zamir’s estate?”
“Zamir lives alone. Adar visits on occasion.”
“No one else lives on the property?”
“Zamir has a caretaker who lives in a one-room house outside the compound walls. I don’t know his name. He’s old. Zamir might have one or more guards working for him, but I haven't’ visited Magdala for several days.”
“Thank you, Deron. Let me help you stand. We’ll go inside, and I will bring food to you and Label. For now, the tower will serve as your home. Get used to the place. You might live here for some time.”



Chapter 21


The two soldiers assigned to patrol Hammath’s marketplace had hidden in the shadows when I arrived. As the morning stars faded, two other soldiers appeared and removed the beams securing our doors. I noticed movement and saw another fellow slip into the marketplace. He moved along, near the shop fronts, trying to remain unnoticed as he approached the gate. Seconds later, the lad sprinted before either guard could react and raced toward Tiberias. Gad’s men saw me when I stepped into view, “Let him run. I’ll deal with him later.” The runner slowed once he realized no one chased after him.
Moments later, Gad arrived while his soldiers and I continued our discussion, “Who was the man I saw race past you this morning?”
I smiled, “You missed an opportunity to meet Dan. I assume he plans to visit a friend in Tiberias and report what happened last night. Dismiss your troops, so they can go home and sleep. Bazak and his Conturbenium will patrol Hammath today.”
Minutes later, Priam joined Gad and me, “I heard you had some visitors last night, Tallis. How did they slip into town during the storm? It rained so hard, water came in through my window.”
“You missed the action, Priam. Two fellows arrived before the storm hit. Their friends attempted to pick them up, but the wind and waves forced them to turn around. Gad and his troops captured the pair when they ran along the lakeshore. We have them secured in the tower under guard. Walk with me. I promised to bring the prisoners something to eat.”
I delivered their meal before turning to Priam, “Let’s walk to the bathhouse so we can speak in private.”

      

Bazak stood on the sand, waiting for his fishermen friends to join him, “The last time we met, I asked for your help to stop those wanting to create chaos in our community. Today, I need your answer. But before you commit to helping us, I want to share how our mission became more complicated.”
Nosh interrupted, “May I speak, Bazak? Each of us agreed to support you. The future of our families and businesses are in your hands.”
I hadn’t expected a positive response, “I’m honored to have everyone partner with us, Nosh. Thank you. I realize I’m asking a lot after you spend hours on the water and repairing your equipment. We will need a large boat to transport my Triplicarious and several soldiers to Magdala. If our troublemakers continue to spy on us, I may need additional support to encourage them to continue moving south while we row north.”
“My crew and I will transport you, Bazak,” Nosh said, “My craft is large enough to carry twenty men, counting my colleagues.”
“Thank you, my friend.” Several others volunteered, and I selected Jonathan and his crew to assist us if we need additional help, “I’ll let you know when we plan to leave. Again, I am grateful for your support. I’ll inform Tallis when I see him later.”

      

I walked to Tiberias after meeting with my Decanuses, figuring Zamir was too busy fretting over his friends’ capture than planning another attack on Hammath. If Kaleb’s available, maybe we can meet. He needs to hear what happened last night. Our extra troops have already paid off for us.
Kaleb and another Decanus stood talking in the courtyard when I entered the fortress courtyard. I wonder if my colleagues need additional soldiers too. God knows the Army ought to enlist more men if Herod expects to maintain peace in Galilee. Kaleb waved when he saw me, inviting me to join him.
“Good morning, sir. Do you have time to talk?”
“What’s on your mind, Tallis?”
“I hate to ask, sir, but I need more soldiers to protect Hammath. I fear another attack is imminent, and we will find ourselves in an awkward situation if our troublemakers outnumber us.”
Kaleb smiled as he shook his head, “Tallis, every squad leader wants more troops. What makes you think your enemies will return?”
My Centurion excused the other soldier, and I waited for the Decanus to leave, “Last night, Gad and his soldiers captured two fellows trying to leave Hammath by boat. One prisoner admitted to knowing who murdered Masa and Kush, but he claimed he wasn’t present. If I were a betting man, I would say their leader will give strong consideration to rescuing his friends or try trading them for Benson.”
Kaleb’s eyebrows raised when I shared my news, “Give me their names. Nikolaos will ask when I explain the situation.”
“I’m not willing to share my information, sir, and I hope you won’t say anything to our Commander.”
“Don’t you have faith in our superiors, Tallis?”
“There is too much going on. I need you to trust me.” I closed my eyes and took a deep breath, “I trust you with my life, Kaleb. But, others, in higher positions of authority, well, I question their loyalty to Herod, sir.” Kaleb stood, staring for several seconds before agreeing not to pressure me for my prisoners’ names. He promised to not mention our discussion with Nikolaos, “When I figure out which of our senior officers are conspiring with my enemies, we’ll talk.”
Kaleb stepped closer and whispered, “If what you told me comes true, your life will be in danger. I would hate to lose you.”
“This is only a hunch, sir, but thank you for your support.” Kaleb also declined my request for additional troops, saying he would love to grant my wish, but the next group of recruits had four more weeks of training before joining specific Conturbeniums. Another one hundred men are eight weeks away from being battle-ready unless a crisis occurs. Once they’re proficient, the situation changes, but I don’t have eight weeks. Kaleb turned and walked away. I waited until he entered the administrative building before leaving, hoping to meet with Paroh and Dodi.
Paroh’s son responded to my knock and ran to his mother, “Tallis, my husband isn’t home, but he’s trying to gather information for you. He told me you would know what this means.”
“I do, but if I can’t find him, tell your husband I stopped by.” I headed toward the well. If the wrong people discover I’m working with Paroh, his family will be in danger. As I neared my destination, a voice called my name. I thought I’d heard God speak, but I recognized the voice and glance up. Paroh leaned over a retaining wall surrounding the roof, peering at me.
“What are you doing on a rooftop? Are you trying to scare me to death?”
“Come inside. The stairs are against the wall.”
Once indoors, I stood in the center of an empty building before climbing the stairs, “Over here, Tallis. You can see your brother’s shop, and we’re far enough away, people won’t notice us.”
I stared at Paroh, “How did you find this place?”
“I spotted this building one afternoon while walking to spy on anyone near the blacksmith’s shop. I tried the door, but it wouldn’t open.”
“What did you do, pick the lock?”
“Never. My knife became stuck. I had to twist it to dislodge my blade. The door opened, so I stepped inside. I found the stairs and realized I could see more from here than I could hobbling along our city streets.”
“Ingenious, Paroh. You should ask for a raise, but if you did, your boss would turn you down. I couldn’t afford to keep you on my payroll unless I received another pay increase. Anyway, I want to share something with you. If you see Dodi, you can tell her.” I explained the events from the previous night and mentioned I’d discovered where our enemies held Benson captive.”
“It’s time you received a break, Tallis. I’m pleased your prisoners gave you some useful information. No wonder you’re smiling today.”
“I’ll visit Zosimos after I leave, but let me ask you a question. Did you learn where Acaph and Mered live, or their associates, and where they go?”
Paroh shook his head, “I hope to meet with Dodi this afternoon. She’s hard to find sometimes. If she doesn’t know, I’ll get the information for you.”
Paroh remained on the roof, and I headed toward my brother’s shop. Zosimos was alone when I arrived, “We need to talk. Is anyone out back?” Zosimos shook his head, “Good. Please close and secure both doors. This has to remain confidential.”
Zosimos dropped his hammer and gasped, “Is something wrong with mother?”
“Secure your doors, brother. I need you to promise you won’t discuss what I share with you with anyone, including Hilarion.”
“You know I can keep a secret, Tallis. There, I locked and barred both doors, and we’re alone. Hilarion left work earlier this morning when another one of his many friends rushed in to speak with him. I haven’t seen our brother since.”
“Don’t tell me Dan came to visit.”
Zosimos sank to his stool and covered his face, “How did you know?”
“Remember, you promised to keep our conversation to yourself.”
“Didn’t I say I would?”
I studied my brother’s expression, “You did, but I want to make sure you understand the sensitivity of our conversation.”
Zosimos shook his head, “This isn’t good news, is it?”
“Depends on how you interpret what I say.”
Zosimos placed both hands on his workbench and sighed, “Okay, I’m ready.”
“Patience, brother. This isn’t easy for me. I realize you would love to have Herod and the Romans driven from our land. You’re not alone, but you are in a serious predicament, and I can’t protect you.”
Zosimos sprung to his feet and paced, fists clenched, “What do you mean, Tallis? Did I do something wrong?”
“You’re guilty by association, brother. The night my two soldiers died, Hilarion was with their murderers. I’m told he didn’t kill them, but he witnessed their deaths.”
Zosimos spun around, “Who told you? Hilarion never mentioned anything.”
I stepped to my left and sat on the stool closest to my brother, “Remember when I said I’d seen four men running through Hammath toward Tiberias? I gave chase but couldn’t catch them.”
Zosimos waved his hand, “I suppose. Why?”
“I thought I recognized Hilarion, but I wasn’t certain. Last night my soldiers captured two of Hilarion’s friends trying to leave town during the storm. The waves forced them to abort their attempt to come ashore. Also, our prisoners confessed to visiting your shop daily. Then one of them gave me the murderers’ names.” Zosimos hung his head and slammed his fist on the workbench, “Are you okay? You act like you will faint or break something. I’m not sure which.”
“What can I say, Tallis? I’m certain nobody planned to kill anyone. Hilarion told me he went to visit a friend—”
“You mean, Dan?”
Zosimos slumped to his stool, “Yes. Who gave you his name?”
I reached over and patted my brother’s knee, “It doesn’t matter, but I also discovered Hilarion works as a messenger for a wealthy friend. The fellow who visited your shop when I was here last. Zamir. And I learned he’s financing the raids on Hammath. He wants to disrupt life in my community. Zamir hopes the Romans will remove Herod from power when enough people complain. Later, Zamir plans to drive Rome from Palestine. The bad news is, your Messiah isn’t here, Zosimos, and I’ve got a mess to handle.”
Zosimos stood, waved his arms, and yelled, “I can’t believe Hilarion would involve himself in something like this.”
I walked next to my brother, “I haven’t determined your role in this, but Hilarion is in serious trouble once my superiors discover he’s involved in crimes against Antipas.” Zosimos returned to his stool, “You need to distance yourself from our youngest sibling. Fire him and don’t allow him near your business again. Time is short. Remember, you promised you’d keep this to yourself, and you better keep your word. When you see Hilarion, you can’t give him another chance. Fire him for missing work. Then replace him with someone reliable.”
“I want to clear my name, Tallis. I swear. How could something like this happen?”
“You hired Hilarion, and he became friends with the wrong people. You need to dismiss him the next time he enters your shop. This is something you should have done months ago. You’re too soft on him, Zosimos, and guard your shop at night, in case Hilarion tells his friends you fired him, and they retaliate. You could move Ya-el away from Tiberias. Somewhere Zamir and his friends can’t find her.” I paused, waiting for a reaction, but Zosimos didn’t respond, “I can’t wait around while you figure out what you’ll do. I’ll return when I have any additional news I can share. In the meantime, wipe the sweat off your face and pray. I’ll do the same.” I glanced over my shoulder as I headed toward the door. Zosimos sat on his stool, face buried in his hands, sobbing.
I began my trek to Hammath, feeling depressed from my morning activities. I continued to fret over my brothers and hoped Zosimos wouldn’t lose everything he’d worked for, including his life. I stopped at the olive trees, left the highway, and headed to the center of the grove. I looked toward heaven and prayed for my family, fellow soldiers, for guidance and wisdom. I need to meet with my Decanuses and discuss moving Deron and Label to another location. Someplace where Zamir and his supports will find rescuing their friends a greater challenge.



Chapter 22


“Well, good morning. You’re up rather early.”
“I’m always awake before sunrise, Rabbi. Why do you ask?”
“I haven’t seen you at the synagogue, so I worry for your soul. Isn’t your name, Dan?”
“It is, but I never thought you would remember me, sir.”
I placed my hand on the lad’s shoulder, “It’s been too long, and today, you’re a grown man. You may call me, Kiva.”
“I remember your name, but why are you up this early?”
I smiled at Dan. He looks nervous, “Ah, I’m on my way to meet two fellows protected by Herod’s troops. I plan to pray for them during my visit.”
“Why would they need protection?”
“I understand our soldiers detained them for failing to follow directions and resisting arrest, but later their guards discovered they had something to do with the murders of Kush and Masa. Maybe you know them?”
“No, sir, but where are the soldiers housing their prisoners?”
“They’re holding them in the tower, but I heard Tallis plans to move them to another abandoned building near our well.”
“Why move them, Rabbi? Aren’t the safe where they are?”
I smiled at the lad, “You would think so, Dan, but nobody asked for my advice. They may fear the residents might revolt and kill them, or their friends may attempt a rescue?”
Dan looked puzzled, “Why would anybody fret over them? Won’t their parents beg for mercy or pay a ransom for their release?”
“Aren’t they friends of yours? You could pay their fee, Dan?
Dan laughed at the idea, “Me? Why would my friends be in prison, Kiva?” The lad turned, “Shalom, Rabbi,” and headed north.
I studied the fellow as he sauntered away. I didn’t have the heart to tell Dan the soldiers knew of his association with Zamir. A minute later, I headed for our marketplace, hoping to find Tallis and tell him I’d delivered his message.
I prayed as I walked, asking for forgiveness. I enjoyed my conversation with Dan, and he attempted to appear surprised, but I still felt guilty for deceiving my neighbor.

      

Fog covered the streets of Tiberias as I limped toward the fortress. I hoped to meet with Kaleb and ask him to help me find employment. Money became a problem for my family since my accident. Two years later, I felt my wounds had healed enough to work as an assistant. Tallis says my former Centurion mentions my name sometimes. If he can’t offer me something, I’m not sure how much longer we’ll survive. If I’m told no, my next task will be to track down and spy on Mered and Acaph. At least I have Tallis helping us at the moment.
I live fourteen blocks north of the fortress, and walking helped my legs grow stronger. More since Tallis hired me to work for him. One block from the fort, I heard several men talking before seeing a familiar face, “Good morning, sir. What a pleasure to see you again.” Nikolaos stared at me as I hobbled toward him, “You don’t remember me? My name is Paroh.”
The Commander smiled, “I remember you well. I’m pleased to see you’re recovering from your injuries.”
“I’m doing much better, thank you. With God’s grace, I’m healthy enough to return to work.”
I felt Nikolaos examining me, “Good for you, Paroh. I wish you well.”
I nodded and limped toward the fortress. Do I dare glance back? Nikolaos might think I’m spying on him. Why would the Commander of Herod’s Army meet with Acaph and Mered? I picked up my pace, not wanting them to discover my relationship with Tallis. If they did, my family and I might need to flee.

      

Most mornings, I visit the well, water jug on top of my head, watching Hilarion’s friends enter and leave the blacksmith’s shop. I feel sorry for Paroh and his family as they struggle to exist. I know he doesn’t receive a pension from Herod, but my father didn’t leave me anything when he died. Our family fell apart after my mother left, and now I question why I remained in Tiberias. Praise God, I still live in the house where my family lived before our father died, but when my money runs out, life becomes more complicated. My job with Tallis won’t last forever. I need a job, but women don’t work outside their homes.
One year later, many of my friends are married. My father tried to arrange a marriage for me with a friend’s son. I would welcome such an arrangement, but one morning my father dropped dead, and my prospects for becoming a bride vanished. A few days ago, Tallis reappeared in my life and gave me hope. He said, Dodi, I will pay you two dinars a day. Today, I’m important. Not that I wasn’t important before. God is good. He provided for my care, and I’m grateful.
A voice called my name, “Dodi.”
I turned and watched a well-dressed fellow approaching the well, “I haven’t seen you in years, Dodi. How are you?... You don’t remember me? I am Zamir. My family used to live near yours before my father died, and I moved to Magdala.”
I remembered Zamir, but over time, memories fade. He’d changed. I have too, “It’s good to see you again, Zamir.”
“I was sorry to hear your father passed also, but my father’s death secured my future. What are you doing now?”
“I’m preparing to fill my water jug.”
Zamir smiled, “So I see, but I meant, how is your life going? I’ll bet you’re married.”
I didn’t dare look into his eyes, “No. Father’s arrangement fell apart when he died.” Zamir doesn’t need to hear every detail.
The man shook his head, “I’m sorry. How do you survive?”
How do I explain my situation? I can’t tell him one of Herod’s soldiers hired me to spy on people, including him, “I still have some money my mother gave me before she returned to her family’s home. What about you, Zamir? How did your life change?”
Zamir puffed out his chest, “Much better than yours. I spend my time, how can I describe it, organizing people. Yes, I help people achieve their dreams and goals. What are your dreams, Dodi?”
What do I say? “My dreams disappeared the day we buried my father, but I bet you have exciting and pleasant dreams. And I imagine you have the resources to make them come true.” I hope he keeps talking. He might slip and tell me something I can share with Tallis, “What’s your greatest wish, Zamir?”
Zamir’s eyes widened as he grinned, “I dream of a day when I don’t pay taxes to Herod or Rome. The Tetrarch taxes everything I own, grow, and sell. He leaves me with nothing.” Zamir waved his arms around like a reaper with a sickle, “Next, Rome steals most of what remains. I doubt I’ll ever get ahead, but you, Dodi, you don’t fret over taxes. Life is simpler for you.”
I wanted to punch Zamir’s nose. I doubt he’d trade places, “Simpler may not be the correct word, Zamir. One day the owner of my house will throw me out for not paying to live there. Then I won’t need to fret over what I’ll eat because there isn’t any food. So why worry, right? Tomorrow my future husband will save me from my sorrows.”
Zamir stood there with a smirk on his face, “I’m sorry to hear your story, Dodi, but I’m glad I didn’t end up like you. I don’t know where I’d be today if I hadn’t inherited my father’s wealth.”
I glared at Zamir, wanting to smash my jug over his chubby-cheeked little head. I wonder if he bothered to provide for his mother or his brother. If I had the strength, I’d toss him down the well.
Zamir’s eyes lit up, “Say, Dodi, I have an idea. Why don’t you visit my estate someday? It’s on the highway before you reach Magdala. Ask for me when you knock on my courtyard door. I can hire you as a maid for my household and help you find living accommodations in town. You could sell your family home, and life would become much easier for you.”
What a repulsive idea, “I need time to consider your offer, Zamir, but I must fill my jug and return home. I enjoyed talking with you this morning.”
“I look forward to seeing you again, Dodi. Sometimes you can find me visiting the blacksmith shop down the hill.”
I know, “Goodbye, Zamir. Take care of yourself.” It took three buckets to fill my water jug, and Zamir stood, watching me the entire time before turning and walking toward the shop.

      

As the sixth hour arrived, Priam and four soldiers transferred our prisoners from the tower to an empty building next to the well. Several people witnessed this procession. Earlier that morning, I had delivered my husband’s note to the Rabbi, asking him to speak with Dan. Kiva reported later, saying Dan left town, heading north after their conversation. I relayed the message to Tallis and returned to the marketplace in time to witness the soldiers moving Deron and Label to their new home. I saw Dan standing in the background during the transfer, and I wondered if he would make a second trip to Tiberias and share the news with his friends.

      

I was busy bending horseshoes when I heard someone enter my shop. Turning around, I recognized Dan, “If you’re looking for Hilarion, he’s outback.” Why didn’t I put my foot down and follow the advice Tallis gave me and fired my brother? Moments later, I walked out my backdoor, pretending to look for something, hoping to eavesdrop, but Hilarion and Dan stopped talking. I turned around and went inside.
Moments later, Dan reentered my shop, heading for the front door, “Goodbye, Zosimos.”

      

An hour after darkness covered the valley, Nosh and his crew shoved off from Hammath’s pier, rowing north over Lake Tiberias. The usual night wind hadn’t materialized, allowing our vessel to glide over a smooth surface toward their destination. As the fishermen rowed passed Tiberias, lights from the torches reflected off the city buildings. As we continued toward Magdala, I realized this was my first boat trip at night. Tonight’s voyage would cover six miles in each direction, and we made better time than I expected. Nosh pulled the tiller while Bazak and I enjoyed the view and focused on our mission.
I’d asked Nosh to find a suitable location to land. Somewhere people traveling along the highway wouldn’t spot us. Bazak and I planned to scout Zamir’s estate, and the surrounding area, finding the safest and fastest way to enter and leave his compound.
Nosh signaled, and his crew stopped rowing. Bazak searched for boulders capable of penetrating the hull as the craft glided forward. The vessel came to rest in an area with several large shrubs growing between the lake and the highway running along the western shore. I didn’t know how Nosh found this location, but the spot met our needs, “I want you and your men to remain with your boat while my soldiers and I explore the area. If you hear a horn blast, come to our aid.”
Nosh secured the bow to a nearby tree while my soldiers and I leaped to dry ground, ducking behind the shrubs, trying to get our bearings. From our location, it was too dark to identify any structures, though we noticed Magdala’s lights on our right.
We didn’t hear or see anyone approaching our position from either direction, but I knew we had to move fast, “Bazak, you and your men follow me.” The four of us dashed from our hiding spot to the highway, and continued south, trying not to draw attention to ourselves. Up ahead, we noticed a torch shining inside a compound.
Bazak signaled, “This must be Zamir’s estate, Tallis. Only someone rich could afford to live here. The walls stand seven to eight cubits tall, and we’ll need a ladder.”
I spotted a gate, “Follow me, and no talking. Keep watch for anyone on guard.” As our squad approached the entrance, I raised my hand, and everyone froze, “Check the door, Bazak. The rest of us will wait here.”
Seconds later, I peeked through a crack between two massive gates. Bazak placed his hands on one door and gave a gentle push, “I don’t think they barred the gates, Tallis. There’s too much give. I can pick the lock with my knife. Then we can slip inside and rescue Benson.”
“Not now, Bazak. We don’t know how many people are waiting to greet us when we enter the courtyard. Everyone follow me.” I led my team to the end of the compound, turned the corner, and paused, “Bazak, take one soldier with you and work your way around the entire estate.” The remaining soldier and I will locate the caretaker’s house, “We’ll meet here before returning to the boat.”
My colleague and I found the caretaker’s home along with a stable and several small outbuilding near the southwestern corner of Zamir’s estate. I decided not to explore the property lying south of the compound. I don’t want anyone to know we visited tonight.
Several minutes later, everyone returned to our previous location, “We found three crates near the north wall, sir. I stacked them before I scaled the wall. Each building has a flat roof, and the courtyard is long and narrow, with rooms lining each wall except on the east side. They might house Benson inside one room. I found a sleeping sentry, but this must be Zamir’s estate.”
“Excellent work, Bazak. I agree with your assessment. Let’s return to Nosh’s vessel. We can talk later. I don’t want people to spot us sneaking around.”
Nosh and his crew had untied and turned their vessel so we could leave when our team returned. Two soldiers climbed into the craft while Bazak and I helped shove the boat away from the shore. After jumping in, our friends rowed toward deeper water.
Nosh pulled the tiller, and the boat changed directions as the crew rowed faster. A few minutes later, we raised the sail, as a stiff breeze blew out of the north, propelling us toward Hammath. I considered our mission a success. We located Zamir’s estate and the probable hiding place of our fellow soldier. Security wasn’t much. Breaching the front gates or scaling the walls wouldn’t be a challenge either when we returned to free Benson.



Chapter 23


This morning, Abigail asked me to help her, and our mothers feed the hungry and help those in need, “All you need to do is hand out the items I give you and offer a kind word to everyone you meet. It’s simple.” I couldn’t say no to my wife? I spent my morning walking Hammath’s streets, meeting my neighbors. I made several friends while tending to the needs of the less fortunate. A few folks mentioned how much they appreciated the job my soldiers and I did to protect our community. As I listened to the locals’ praise, my troops made me feel proud and more confident in our efforts to maintain peace in the region. I also explained to several people how there may come a time when everyone living in Hammath might need to help us defeat a common enemy. Thirty-four soldiers can’t protect a village of two hundred people twenty-four hours per day forever. Several times during my patrols, I prayed, giving thanks to God for our recent trouble-free days and for continued peace in our community.
At sunset, I joined Gad outside the tower after his Conturbenium left to begin their night patrols, “I understand our visitors returned late last night and spied on your troops. Tonight, I want you and men to continue our current patrol patterns, so they think we go home at midnight. Remind your soldiers to hide in the shadows and remain alert.”
“I don’t follow your reasoning, Tallis, but we will follow your orders. I hope you aren’t inviting trouble to come upon us.”
“Let me worry about tomorrow, Gad. We need to capture anyone who attempts to free our prisoners and hold them responsible for their actions. I hope to create the illusion they can wait until we retire, so they can slip into Hammath and rescue their friends without detection or confrontation.”
“I hope your plans work, sir.”
“We’ll be ready for them, but I don’t believe our enemies want to venture out tonight… Walk with me, Gad. I want to make sure your troops understand my expectations.”
“I explained everything to them before they went on patrol, Tallis.”
“A gentle reminder won’t hurt anyone. I also want to tell you how pleased I am with the job you and your soldiers are doing since your arrival in Hammath. I appreciate your enthusiasm and support.”

      

For the second time in two days, I spent my morning in our marketplace. I’d handed out my figs when I heard someone call my name, “You’re a hard man to find, Tallis. I’ve been looking for you. Why do you keep hiding from me?”
I turned and saw a grin on Addai’s face, “How are you, my friend? I’m not hiding. I’ve been helping my wife and our mothers. I’m trying to serve those less fortunate than my family, and I notice you’re wearing new clothes.”
“Most days, I can count on you to visit me.” The old man stepped closer to me and whispered, “Today, I have something to share with you about Dan.”
“How is the lad getting along these days, Addai?”
“Dan’s always moving. In and out, back and forth. I can’t figure out what he’s up to. I wonder if he’s trying to keep me guessing.” I chuckled as Addai flapped his arms around as he spoke.
“Doesn’t the lad sleep?”
“I don’t think so, Tallis. I stay up late into the night, and Dan keeps a close eye on the building where your troops hold his friends. It makes me wonder if he’s planning to rescue them.”
“I’m not sure what’s he’s up too, Addai.”
“I never thought the tower a safe place to keep your prisoners while their friends spied on your soldiers. The new location isn’t any better. What if they figured out your troops go home at midnight?”
I tried to look shocked, “My soldiers go home at midnight? I’m glad you said something to me. My Decanuses and I will discuss the effectiveness of our patrols during our morning meeting. Thank you for bringing this to my attention.”
Addai shook his head as he shuffled. I suppose, trying to maintain his balance, “Would a rescue attempt surprise you, Tallis? Keeping your captives inside a building near the well makes it easier for Dan and his friends to enter Hammath and walk to the center of town. Do you have soldiers guarding your prisoners? I haven’t noticed your troops patrolling near the well either.”
I smiled at my friend, “Let’s walk to your house, Addai. There are too many people listening here.
Several blocks later, Addai stopped walking and shook his finger at me, “What would you do if your enemies rushed in, knocked the door down, freed their friends, and disappeared before your men could respond? If your Centurion found out, I don’t think he’d be happy… Why are you smiling, Tallis?”
I stood there, shaking my head, teasing my friend, “It wouldn’t look good. I could lose my job, and Abigail and I would need to move in with you.”
Addai’s eyes sprung open wide as his jaw dropped, “You’re a funny man, Tallis, but you can move in with me anytime. We’ll all starve together.”
I stood in the street, surveying our surroundings, while Addai unlocked and opened his door. I reached for my money pouch as I stepped inside, “Let me give you a few more dinars, while I can still afford to pay you. I appreciate your help, friend. We will do our best to protect our captives and keep Hammath safe.”

      

Sunrise arrived too early after another peaceful night. I met Priam and Bazak at the north gate, “I’m meeting someone this morning in Tiberias. You two will supervise our troops in my absence. I plan to return before mid-day. Continue to protect our prisoners while I’m away.”
Something seemed amiss in Tiberias. Then I remembered the tax collectors would be working, so I changed directions, to avoid detection. Turning a corner, I spotted a familiar face approaching me. A few steps later, my friend waved, “Why are you up so early, Paroh?”
“Couldn’t sleep, Tallis. Last night I dreamed I should visit Kaleb, so I’m headed to the fortress. He said I could speak with him in another week or two, I hope he finds work for me though I can’t run or lift heavy objects. I served Herod well and almost lost my life. My family and I deserve better than this.” Paroh’s voice cracked as he struggled to control his emotions, “Anything’s better than watching my wife and son starve.”
“It sounds like you doubt your abilities because you haven’t regained your strength back yet.”
“I can perform light jobs and deliver messages. I’ve also learned how to spy on people without getting caught.”
I patted Paroh’s shoulder, “You have many skills the Army needs. I trust Kaleb will find something for you but allow me to ask a question. Can you spare a few minutes?”
Paroh agreed, “Why not. Kaleb’s not expecting me.”
“Good. We need to find a secluded location.” We traveled along a narrow alleyway east of the fortress, and I noticed Paroh wipe his eyes.
“I’m glad you found me, Tallis. I have some news to share. Yesterday, I took my morning stroll, I spotted Nikolaos chatting with Acaph and Mered. In fact, they stood on this street but at an intersection closer to the fortress. I couldn’t hear everything they discussed, though the Commander said hello, and asked how I was doing. Anyway, Nikolaos mentioned something about more weapons were available for delivery to Zamir as I walked away.”
Paroh’s report staggered me, “More weapons?”
“That’s what Nikolaos said. I wish I had more information to share, but I had to keep moving since their conversation stopped when they recognized me. As soon as I left, they began talking again.”
I felt light-headed, “Nikolaos is stealing weapons from Herod and delivering them to Zamir? How long has he been doing this?” I walked a few paces and turning around. Are these the weapons my brother makes? Is Zosimos conspiring with my enemies? “Well done, Paroh… I want to pay you this morning.” I grabbed my pouch and poured dinars into my friend’s hand.
Paroh stared at his coins, smiled, and thanked me, “Remember when you asked me to find out where Mered and Acaph lived? I saw them yesterday afternoon, four blocks from my home. Start at the well, travel west four streets, and turn left. They live in the third house, on the west side of the road. Make sure you count the doors. They look the same.”
“Do you think their house has an interior courtyard?”
“No, they live in the smallest house on their street.”
“Anything else?”
“Nothing, I remember.”
We parted ways. Paroh walked toward his home while I walked to my brother’s shop. As I neared the well, I heard someone singing, and seconds later, Dodi came into view as she strolled along the street. The young woman stood out since she traveled alone rather than accompanying the other women living near her to fill their water jugs. Like Paroh, I knew Dodi faced severe financial concerns, and she was alone in this world. I’m honored to pay her, though the pay isn’t much, and the job won’t last forever. I picked up my pace, hoping to catch up to her before she reached her destination, and we became visible from my brother’s shop, “Dodi… Dodi.” She didn’t respond, and I walked faster, “Dodi.” She hesitated, glanced around, and smiled.
Dodi placed her jug next to the well, “I spoke with a mutual acquaintance after we met yesterday, Tallis. He’s older than I am, but he remembered me. Like today, I carried my jug, planning to draw water when he appeared. I’m surprised Zamir spoke to me in public.”
“Did you discuss anything I can use?”
Dodi shook her head, “We discussed growing up and our father’s deaths. Zamir inherited his family’s estate and told me he lives in a walled compound south of Magdala. Since he’s rich, Zamir’s against paying taxes, and he invited me to visit his estate. Zamir said I could be his maid. Can you believe it? How arrogant can a man be, Tallis?... Please, don’t answer that.”
“Some people don’t have feelings, Dodi. I hope you never visit him. Zamir may use you as a slave rather than a maid, and I trust your goals are nobler than his. Is there anything else?”
Dodi reported Zamir wanted to lead a rebellion to drive Herod and the Romans driven from Palestine. I reached for my pouch and handed my friend six dinars, “Take these. I may not see you for several days, so I’m paying you in advance.”

      

I met with my Decanuses at sunset. To lighten the mood, I’d asked Abigail to provide some figs and bread for my colleagues to enjoy. I hoped we could create a plan to protect Hammath when the need arises.
Before we began, I encouraged each man to contribute to our discussion. Bazak spoke first, “We must defend Hammath from attacks coming from the lake. I doubt our enemy will attempt to breach our gates, but they may slip around the end of the north wall. The tower’s right there so they’d have easy access to our prisoners.” The rest of us laughed, “Did I say something funny?
Gad recovered first, “We moved the prisoners while you slept today, Bazak?”
“Sorry I didn’t know.”
I glanced at my friend, “I apologize for not telling you. It was my mistake.” Bazak nodded, “Let me take a moment and analyze Bazak’s comment on how someone might slip into town and rescue their friends.” Gad thought we’d solved the problem by relocating our prisoners. The others nodded with Gad’s assessment of the current situation and agreed any attack would come from the lake. They also agreed we couldn’t protect our prisoners near the well, either.
After listening to everyone, it became clear we all had similar concerns. Any attack would come from the water, and we needed to protect our captives. As I complimented my colleagues, Priam spoke up, “I don’t understand why you had us move the prisoners from the tower to an empty building, Tallis?”
“Let me explain my thoughts. Over the last few days, as I patrolled our streets, I’ve met several citizens who have expressed an interest in helping us if we came under attack. I want to use some of these fellows to block our streets, hoping we can trap anyone attempting to rescue Label and Deron. I hope to create a situation where our enemy freezes, realizing we have them surrounded, and they try to figure out what to do next.” Each Decanus sat there befuddled, “Once they understand we have them trapped, they’ll have a choice to make. Fight or surrender. A group of untrained, inexperienced young fellows won’t stand a chance against our skilled soldiers if they fight.”
As usual, Bazak spoke first, “I want our neighbors to help us, but I worry for their safety. What if we arm them with clubs? Moss could make them. Then those helping us could defend themselves if our attackers turn on them rather than surrendering to us.”
“I agree with you, Bazak. I realized we couldn’t protect our captives at the tower, so we moved them. It will be too difficult to keep them safe at their new location also, but by moving Deron and Label, we’re forcing the enemy to change plans. Now, anyone attempting a rescue will need to move farther into town. This makes their retreat more difficult, but they can approach the well using several streets. If we use our volunteers to cut off their escape routes, we can counterattack from different directions.” I glanced at the others, hoping someone would comment, but they remained silent, “Allow me to elaborate on why we should move our prisoners. You may not realize one of our residents watches every move we make. This fellow reports everything back to his friends in Tiberias, but before you ask, you need to know how I learned this information.”
“You mean, Dan, don’t you? Deron told me they’d left his house before we caught them trying to leave Hammath.”
“Nice work, Gad. I’m impressed. Dan makes regular trips to Tiberias. He keeps his friends up to date on our movements, and I’m convinced they’re planning to rescue Label and Deron. I don’t know when, but we’ll be ready for them.” Silence filled the room, “Any thoughts?... Somebody say something.”
Bazak looked at me, “We all want the same results, sir, but you added depth to our understanding. What makes you think Dan and his friends will fall into our trap? We know where they’re holding Benson, so why don’t they contact us and attempt to trade him for their friends?”
“They might, but if we act first and rescue Benson before they negotiate with us, what will they do?”
“Would they become so upset they might forget their friends and leave them in our custody, Tallis?”
I stood, walked around my table, and place a hand on Priam’s shoulder, “What if they captured you, Priam? Should we stop searching for you if they freed their friends?”
Priam slumped forward, resting his elbows on the table and whispered, “I hope not.”
“I would hope not too.” I returned to my stool.
“You’re a smart man, Tallis. I’m glad you’re on our side.”
“Thank you, Gad.” I smiled at my Decanuses, “We want our troublemakers to believe we didn’t learn our lesson since they damaged the marketplace. I miss Masa and Kush, but we know who murdered our friends. My goal is to ensure their killers get the punishment they deserve. It hurts me to realize I let my fellow citizens down when those same fellows created havoc in our marketplace, and I want Benson home, not chained up in someplace under the constant threat of physical harm or death. If we continue to build relationships with our citizens, we can defeat any enemy coming against us, and I trust each of you carries this same belief as I do.”



Chapter 24


Bazak and I met at sunrise. I’d promised my Decanus I wouldn’t keep him long as his Conturbenium was beginning their patrols for the day, “We need to create a plan to free Benson.” Bazak agreed, fearing if we waited, Zamir and his friends may try to rescue our captives and lose interest in negotiating a release for our colleague or relocate him. “I’m placing you in charge of this mission, Bazak. You’ve seen inside the courtyard and know how to best approach Zamir’s estate.” Bazak also knew where they’d stacked the boxes along the north wall. This knowledge allows his team to carry out a plan in less time than someone unfamiliar with the area, “What help will you need to bring Benson home, Bazak? We have one opportunity to free our colleague.”
My Decanus rubbed his chin for several seconds, “Thank you for placing your trust in me, Tallis. To answer your question, I want to take two boats and seven soldiers with me. We’ll need enough fishermen to row their vessels. We can use a stiff breeze on our trip home also, so we can raise the sails and leave Magdala faster once we free Benson. I know we don’t have control over my last request, but we should ask God to help us.”
We both agreed, working at night would reduce the chance of anyone seeing our team approaching Zamir’s compound. Bazak decided he would scale the wall and locate the exact room where they housed Benson, “We don’t want to enter the courtyard and discover we made a serious mistake. I don’t want to make our situation worse.”
“How will you slip inside the compound without alerting the guard to your presence?”
Bazak shook his head, “You’re asking tough questions, sir. I appreciate your confidence in me. Most officers would tell the person leading the mission, what to do rather than asking for their ideas. Thank you for forcing me to analyze everything in advance… I want Nuri to go with us. He can pick a lock faster than anyone in our unit, and I’ll need six additional soldiers to accompany me.”
“You’ve put a great deal of thought into your plan, but I have another question. How will you involve Nosh and his men in your rescue attempt?” Without hesitation, Bazak explained everyone’s role, including transporting the group to and from Magdala, “The only reason I bother to question you, Bazak, is to ensure you’ve analyzed everything before departing. I’ll keep you posted on when we will execute your rescue attempt.”

      

Zosimos gripped the molten metal with his tongs, beating the object into place. Sweat covered his face and arms. Why hasn’t my brother arrived? Hilarion promised to meet me three hours ago, and Nikolaos expects this order before sundown. The job won’t get done without Hilarion’s help. With so many people out of work, I can replace my brother in a minute. If I don’t hire another employee soon, I’ll tire and need to close my shop until I recover.
This morning, my body aches. A crate of swords lay on the ground, but I can’t lift them by myself without risking injury to my back. Yesterday, Tallis recommended I fire Hilarion. This morning, I wished I had taken my brother’s advice.
“Good morning, Zosimos.”
The sound of Hilarion’s voice caught me by surprise, “Where have you been?” You’re late. You promised to arrive three hours ago. You knew I needed your help today. I can no longer trust you.”
“Sorry, brother, but one of my friends stopped me on my way to work—”
I slammed my hammer against the anvil, “And I understand how it is when you have a job and people depend on you. But, you don’t care if I keep my doors open and food on our tables. You only think of yourself and your friends. You’re irresponsible.”
Hilarion cocked his head, “You can count on me, Zosimos. I told you I’d work today, and here I am. I kept my word.”
“You promised you’d arrive before sunrise. When the sunrise occur so late?”
“What can I say? I’m sorry. Trust me, I’ll be on time tomorrow.”
I poked his chest with my fingertip, “You will arrive on time? You promised two days ago, brother. You’re late more often than you are on time. No more! Do you understand me? No more. Where’s your apron?”
Hilarion shrugged, “Whatever you say, brother.”
“Help me load this crate on my wagon… Be careful, it’s heavy. I don’t want you to injure yourself.” Stupid kid. How can a person be so irresponsible? Our parents didn’t raise us to behave this way.
After we loaded the box, Hilarion grabbed a sword and heated the blade, “Isn’t today payday, isn’t it Zosimos?”
Now he wants me to pay him, “Those who work get paid. Beginning today, I won’t pay you when you don’t arrive on time or miss work. You’ll receive what money you’ve earned after we complete this order.” Hilarion glared at me, “It takes a lot of moxie to come and go as you please when I depend on you. You don’t work hard, and then you want me to pay you. For what? A corpse works harder than you. Your work ethic should embarrass you. I can’t trust you anymore. You think everything is a big joke, brother.”
Hilarion wiped his eyes and looked at me, “Sorry, I disappoint you, but my friends are important.”
“But your job isn’t? How much money do your friends pay you? Do they give more dinars than me? If so, quit and work for them. From this point forward. I don’t want your friends to visit my shop. I will no longer tolerate you leaving. You will work the hours I assign you, and I will hold you accountable to arrive on time and work hard. Otherwise, I will fire you. Do you understand?” Why didn’t I listen to Tallis? He said I’m too easy on our baby brother.
“Sure, Zosimos. Whatever you say. I need this job.”
“I know you do, and if you weren’t my brother, I would have fired you on your second day. No more slacking off. I’m tired of giving you second chances. Now, get busy. Make the fire hotter. You’re making hinges for several large doors.” Hilarion needs his head smacked, a wake-up call since talk doesn’t seem to get through his thick skull.
I continued working on sharpening several swords while monitoring my brother, “Pick you your pace, Hilarion. You’ve made hinges before. You need to complete the entire stack in under an hour. Is your fire hot enough? Use the billows if you need additional heat.”
“I’m working as fast as I can, Zosimos. It’s hot in here. I need a break.”
I slammed my hammer down, “A break? You’ve worked less than an hour. What’s your problem? I expected you to work slow when I hired you, but you act like it’s still your first day. Get moving. I gave you a break when I hired you. Today, I’m questioning my decision. Did I make a smart move when I gave you a job?”
“Get off my back, Zosimos. I talk with a friend, and you think the world ended.”
I have the dumbest brother in the world, “You didn’t answer my question, Hilarion. You’ll find yourself alone in this big world if you don’t stop talking. Hurry and finish the job I gave you. Then take a short break.”

      

Gad and I met on his rooftop, “I can see a boat, Gad. How long do you think they’ve been watching your troops?”
“Not long, Tallis. A few minutes ago, they rushed toward the shore but stopped. Then they turned and rowed back to their current location. I considered sounding the alarm, but realized they were testing our defenses.”
I agreed with Gad’s assessment of our current situation, “We’re ready for them, but I’m relieved they didn’t come ashore. I’d worry less if we had another Conturbenium available, but we should be okay. Priam posted six of his men to guard our prisoners. Two inside, and four by the well. Everyone else will come to your aid when we hear a horn blast.”
Gad asked me to remain with him on his rooftop, “What do you think would happen if the spies rushed us once additional boats arrive, Tallis? I suppose any information learned by charging the shore may prove useful to them when they attempt to rescue their friends.”
“You may be right, Gad.”
“Tallis, please accept my apologies for questioning why you have our troops patrolling as we do. After our last meeting, I wondered how we can lure our enemies into believing they can attack us with ease. I focused too much on protecting our prisoners when we housed them in the tower. I never imaged you would relocate them, so those attacking us would need to spread out when they attempted to free their friends.”
“Sometimes we don’t have time to think or plan when you lead ten soldiers, Gad. Other times you need additional information to make important decisions. It’s difficult to understand a situation without having each piece of the puzzle. You’re doing an excellent job, and I appreciate your support.”
Gad pointed at the lake, “Look, Tallis, they’re rowing toward Tiberias. I hope they don’t return later tonight.”
“I suppose they aren’t ready to attack us, so they’ll do their best to test and pester us. Our foes realize we can see them, and yet they continue to harass us to learn how we react. I don’t think we played into their hands tonight.”
“People like to play games sometimes, sir.”
“Don’t let them bother you, Gad. Pray for strength when you feel weak. God will make you strong, and your fears will fade away.”
Gad turned and studied my face for several seconds, “Do you pray when trouble and stress surround you, Tallis?”
“I’m getting better, but I’m not perfect.”
Gad wrapped his cape around him, and stuck his hands inside, trying to keep, and sighed, “I’m suppose praying can’t hurt.”
“Kiva and Abigail tell me prayer will improve my spirits, so I’m better prepared for whatever comes our way.”
“Tallis, do you suppose our enemies will ever attempt to rescue Deron and Label?”
“I realize everything is in God’s hands, and He will resolve our problem in His own way and time. I’m a helper. I listen and make my decisions based on what I hear, feel, and see by figuring out how everything fits together. If you’re worried, Gad, remember, God’s in control. This is my philosophy. Besides, worry doesn’t help, and yes, they’ll make a rescue attempt soon.”
“So, you’re saying you trust God.”
“I guess I’ve always believed. I figured out God watches over me during these last few weeks, and I’m learning to depend on Him for strength and wisdom. He provided me with this job, and it’s my responsibility to protect my fellow soldiers and the citizens of Hammath. I can do this job.” I turned and smiled, “What about you, Gad?”
“I’m a Jew, and God loves His people.”
“You didn’t answer my question. Do you believe in God? This raises another question. Would God love you if you weren’t a Jew?”
Gad stared at the water, rubbing his chin, “Why would He? He’s the God of Israel, not the gentiles. They have their own gods, don’t they?”
“My father was Greek. This makes me half-Greek and half-Jew. My father never believed in Israel’s God. I learned about God from my mother. Father used to say the Greeks would invent a new god when something occurred, and man couldn’t explain what happened. Then it was god’s fault if the same thing arose again.”
Gad remained silent as he scratched his head before looking up at me, “So you’re telling me Greek gods create troubles for men, and the God of Israel saves the Jews from their problems?”
“What if God saves everyone from their problems when they believe and trust Him with their hearts, Gad?”
“I never gave your idea any thought, Tallis.”
I smiled at my Decanus, “Neither did I until now. Why don’t you check on your troops? I’ll patrol along the lakeshore until you return.” Gad headed south, after descending his stairs, and I turned toward the tower, realizing my enemies became bolder with every passing day.



Chapter 25


Kaleb’s my only hope, my lifeline. I hate to beg, but I’m getting desperate. I need a fulltime job. If my former Centurion turns me down again, what will happen to my family after my job working for Tallis ends? Fulltime job
I didn’t sleep much last night, and I got up, dressed, and limped along my deserted street before sunrise. Kaleb may listen to my plea if I can speak with him before his meetings begin. A few blocks north of the fort, I overheard two men speaking, and I stopped before they heard me. I recognized the voices as I listened to their conversation.
“If I’m late for work, Zamir, Zosimos will fire me.”
“Hilarion, I’m begging you, deliver this message to our friends. They must receive this information right away, and I have no else to rely on but you. Make certain you tell everyone we plan to free Deron and Label tonight. Our boats will leave the pier in Magdala two hours before midnight, and we plan to enter Hammath an hour after the soldiers end their patrols. You know, Adar. He’ll have our new weapons with him. Nikolaos delivered after sundown last night. I’m sure your brother will understand once you explain the situation to him.”
“I hope you appreciate how hard I had to work yesterday to get your swords and daggers to Nikolaos. Zosimos rode me so hard. Go faster, Hilarion. You aren’t working fast enough. I can’t stand my brother’s voice anymore, and he threatened to fire me if you or our friends visit his shop again. Plus, I can’t leave during work hours, either. Who does he think he is telling me what I can and can’t do? He’s not my mother. I can’t believe how he talks to me. Zosimos treats me worse than a slave.”
“Stop complaining. You act like a child sometimes, Hilarion. Grow up. He’s your boss and your older brother. You need to respect him, but don’t worry. I’ll tell everyone to stay away from the blacksmith shop. They won’t visit while you're working anymore, and the next time I need a courier, I’ll use someone else to dispatch my messages.”
I turned to leave, but Hilarion spoke, “Are you saying I won’t get to talk with you and our friends anymore, Zamir? I’m loyal to you and our cause, and you want to throw me away like a piece of dung?”
“I’m not implying we won’t remain friends, but after this morning, I won’t require your services. However, I need you to deliver the message I gave you as fast as possible. Then go to work and improve your relationship with Zosimos before he fires you.”
An instant later, Hilarion began screaming, “How dare you, Zamir. It sounds like you’re questioning my loyalty. We are friends.”
“Calm down, Hilarion. We’ll remain friends and still enjoy each other’s company. But, after this morning, I won’t need a messenger, until our next battle. Here, let me show you something… How do you like my new short sword? I spend an hour polishing the blade. It looks good, don’t you agree?”
“It looks better than the last time I saw it.”
“You did an excellent job making our weapons. Don’t forget to tell everyone when and where we meet. We’ll travel by boat, and I hope you go too.”
I listened as Hilarion continued to plead, “I can’t be late. Zosimos will fire me.”
“You won’t be late if we stop talking, and you hurry on your way. Go, Hilarion. Run.”
I hobbled back toward my house, wondering if Zosimos knew the weapons he made ended up in Zamir’s hands, and Nikolaos was behind Hammath’s problems. Tallis and I need to talk. If he doesn’t visit Tiberias, I’ll walk to Hammath. I turned and headed for the fortress. Zamir and Hilarion had left when I passed the intersection, where I’d overheard their conversation.
A fortress guard recognized me as I arrived at the north gate, “Morning, Paroh. State your business.”
“I’m here to speak with my former Centurion. He’s standing near the main building.” The sentry allowed me to enter, and I hobbled across the courtyard. Kaleb looked up as I drew near and broke off his conversation with the other man, “Gook morning, sir.”
“Paroh, if you’re asking for a job, my answer is no. Come back in another week or two. Please excuse me. I’m late for my meeting.”
“Do you expect to see Tallis today, sir?” Kaleb shook his head.
I can’t wait around, hoping my friend will arrive, and I headed toward Hammath, hoping Tallis would arrive, and I wouldn’t need to walk the entire distance.
The sound of a familiar voice interrupted my thoughts seconds later, “Why are you heading south? You live in the northern part of town, Paroh.”
“Tallis. I was coming to find you. We need to talk, and it can’t wait.” I glanced around the courtyard before whispering, ‘I overhead Zamir and Hilarion talking a few minutes ago, and I didn’t know if you’d visit Tiberias today.”
“Tell me what you heard.”
“I came to meet Kaleb, but when I reached an intersection several blocks north, I recognized two voices, so I stopped and listened. You won’t believe this, Tallis. Your brother complained about how hard Zosimos works him, and they delivered swords and daggers to Nikolaos yesterday afternoon. Turns out, your Commander gave or sold those same weapons to Zamir. He had a short sword in his possession this morning, though I didn’t see it, and this isn’t the first time Zamir has received weapons from Nikolaos.”
My words caught Tallis by surprise, “You heard Zamir say this to Hilarion?”
I nodded, “There’s more.” I gave Tallis an overview of the conversation I’d overheard, telling my friend the attack on Hammath will occur tonight, “The best news is, Tallis, Zamir believes your soldiers still retire at midnight. They plan to come ashore an hour later.”
“Did Zamir share anything else regarding their plans?” You’re shaking your head, Paroh.
“No. Zamir didn’t say, but they planned to land somewhere close to where you hold their friends.”
Tallis looked around and spotted Kaleb walking toward the main building’s entrance, “Kaleb, wait. We need to talk.” Tallis looked at me, “Come with me. Hurry. I want you with me as a witness and to tell Kaleb anything I forget to mention.” Tallis sprinted toward his Centurion, “Kaleb don’t leave.”
The Centurion turned when Tallis called his name, “If you want me to reconsider finding a job for Paroh, don’t bother. He knows my answer.”
As Tallis drew near to his boss, I limped along behind him, “This is urgent, Kaleb. We need to speak in private. We can’t wait.”
Kaleb eyeballed at his Triplicarious, “We’re standing in an empty courtyard. Tell me what’s so important. I’m late for my meeting with Nikolaos and Kadir, so talk fast.”
“You may change your plans after you listen to what Paroh told me. I asked him to join us since he can verify the information I’ll share with you. Here he comes now.”
Tallis waited for me to arrive as Kaleb glared at his Triplicarious with his hands on his hips, “Okay, Tallis. What’s so urgent it can’t wait until after my meeting?”
“You need to arrange a meeting, so Paroh and I can meet with Kadir and Herod right away.” Kaleb laughed at Tallis’s request, “Please, sir, I must speak to them. Zamir and his comrades plan to attack Hammath tonight and free their friends.”
Kaleb cocked his head, “You want me to bypass my superior officer? Why would the Tetrarch and Kadir concern themselves with your news, and what makes you think I can get Kadir’s attention without permission from Nikolaos?”
“Our Commander’s stealing weapons produced by my brothers and providing or selling them to the person responsible for attacking Hammath.” Kaleb’s jaw dropped, “They want blood, and it’s ours, sir. You can’t share this information with Nikolaos. He’s the one working with our enemies to overthrow Herod.” Kaleb froze for a second while staring at the two of us standing before him.
“Let me see if I can catch Kadir’s attention, but he may not grant me an audience since our meeting began moments ago. You and Paroh wait outside my office.” Kaleb turned and hustled into the main building.
I tugged my friend’s sleeve, “Kadir has to listen to you, Tallis. Kaleb can’t talk with Nikolaos.”
A few minutes later, Kaleb found Tallis and me waiting outside his office door as directed, “Tallis, Kadir wants you and Paroh to report to his office. Follow me.”
We entered an office twice the size of Kaleb’s, “I’ve never seen a room this fancy before.”
“Be quiet, Paroh, the others will arrive any minute.”
Seconds later, Herod Antipas entered the room, a scowl covering his face, followed by Kadir. Kaleb closed the door after everyone arrived. The Tetrarch sat, “Your Centurion tells me you’ve got important information to share, Tallis.”
Kadir’s voice bellowed as he stepped toward his Triplicarious, “What is so important you can’t follow the proper chain of command, soldier? We’re in a meeting, and I had to stop. You better have something vital because I know your late father taught you to follow procedures. What makes this different?”
“I wouldn’t trouble you with something trivial, sir, but several minutes ago, I learned from my friend, and former soldier, Paroh, some information that affects you, the Tetrarch’s government, the safety of my troops, and the community we protect.”
Herod sprang from his chair, “I’ll decide what’s important or not, Tallis. No one is Galilee, or Perea has the power to remove me from office. I’m told you have information to implicate my Commander in some scheme against me. I want Nikolaos to join us so he can hear what you have to say. He’s the man responsible for military operations, and we won’t talk behind his back.” Antipas turned toward Kaleb, “Invite the Commander to join us. We’ll wait for his arrival. Everyone sit down.” Kadir paced, but Herod ordered him to stop.
I watch noticed the sweat covering Tallis’s forehead as he rocked on his stool. I wondered if Antipas would believe my friend and me, a former soldier who limped. It wasn’t long before Nikolaos entered with an agitated look on his face. Kaleb closed the door as Antipas waved his hand, directing Tallis to speak, “Hurry. Time is precious.”
“Yes, sir.” Tallis stood and took a deep breath, while I said a quick prayer, “A few weeks ago, a wealthy man from Magdala by the name of Zamir convinced some friends to slip into Hammath during the night. They destroyed our marketplace. Several nights later, my troops captured two of Zamir’s colleagues trying to leave Hammath by boat. After we interrogated them, I learned the names of those who murdered two of my soldiers. On another day, Zamir’s men attacked one of my Conturbeniums as they returned from training. They kidnapped a soldier by the name of Benson. He remains in their custody. Our prisoners also shared Zamir, and his supporters have another goal, sir… They plan to drive you from office by creating chaos throughout Galilee, so the Romans will remove you from power. Once you’re out of their way, they will attempt to overthrow Pilate and push the Romans out of Palestine. It’s rumored Zamir’s late father was your friend.”
Once again, Herod leaped to his feet, “Impossible. Zamir and his friends will never succeed. They lack men, weapons, and training.”
“What if I told you one of your officers leads them, sir? A close confidant of yours.”
“My men would never betray me, Tallis. Should anyone attempt such foolishness, I don’t doubt you and your soldiers would kill them. You’re wasting my time.” The Tetrarch turned toward the door.
Tallis hesitated. His next words could cost him and me our lives, “One of your most trusted officers, a man you consider a close friend, leads your enemies.” Tallis turned and pointed, and Nikolaos’s face turned bright red, “Your own Commander, sir. Nikolaos gave a local smithy a contract to repair your Army’s broken equipment and build new weapons.”
Herod grinned, “Good for Nikolaos. He’s doing his job.”
The Commander smirked before Tallis continued to share what I’d told him, “This morning, my friend was traveling to the fortress to speak with Kaleb. He hasn’t been able to work since he suffered severe injuries protecting your assets, sir. A few blocks north of your fortress, Paroh overhead, two men talking. One serves as Zamir’s courier. Zamir told his messenger, Nikolaos provided them with daggers and swords last night. They plan to use those weapons during their attack on Hammath, tonight, one hour into our third watch. They expect my troops to end their patrols at midnight.” Tallis tuned and glared at Nikolaos, whose ruddy cheeks had replaced his smirk as beads of sweat formed on the Commander’s forehead, “If Zamir isn’t attempting to remove you from power, why is Nikolaos supply this traitor with weapons? Ask Nikolaos to explain his actions, sir.”
Herod glanced at me and asked, “Paroh, is Tallis telling me the truth?”
I struggled to my feet, “Yes, sir. This is what Zamir said, I was standing fifteen feet from him when he spoke those exact words.”
“May I continue, sir?”
“Please do, Tallis.”
“I have a friend who I pay to spy on Zamir and his follower. They informed me Zamir encouraged this person to visit his countryside estate. During their conversation, they discussed their goals and dreams. Zamir told my colleague, his primary goal is to remove you from power. Also, the two soldiers Nikolaos assigned to my Conturbenium, and deserted, work as middlemen delivering weapons provided by Nikolaos to support Zamir’s activities against you and your government.”
Herod waved his hand, “Enough, Tallis.” The Tetrarch turned toward Nikolaos, whose face now lost all color, “Defend yourself.”
Nikolaos inhaled. His eyes darted around Kadir’s office and forced a smile as he trembled, “Everything Tallis said is a lie, sir. He has no evidence. Only hearsay. How can you consider such a preposterous story? I would never betray you, sir.”
Tallis spoke before Herod responded, “Give me two days, sir. Two days, and I will produce Zamir, his men, and my two prisoners.”
Herod roared, “Silence, Tallis. I didn’t give you permission to speak.” The Tetrarch’s face turned crimson as he turned and glared at Nikolaos, who edged his way toward the office door, “I’ve heard enough. Kadir, you and Kaleb escort the Commander to an empty cell and post a guard. I’ll hold him in custody until we can verify the claims Tallis and Paroh brought to my attention.” Herod turned and looked at Tallis and me, “Tallis, Paroh, what you did this morning took enormous courage. I hope what you said is true. Tallis, you have your two days. Thank you. Kadir and I will investigate your claims, and Nikolaos will soon learn his fate.”
Tallis nodded, “If you would allow me, sir.”
“Speak.”
“Tonight, my soldiers and I will set a trap designed to capture or kill Zamir’s friends when they enter Hammath, attempting to free our prisoners. The killers of Masa and Kush may accompany the invading party. Also, I am sending a team to Magdala tonight. We know where Zamir holds my soldier captive. We plan to free Benson. Once we liberate our colleague and defeat Zamir’s men, my troops and I will capture Acaph and Mered. We will also attempt to reclaim the stolen weapons Nikolaos provided to your enemies. I expect my Tetrarch will enjoy questioning everyone once we have them in custody.”
Herod nodded, “Good plan. I’ll see you in two days, Tallis. Good luck to you and your troops.”
“Thank you, sir.” Herod turned as Kadir and Kaleb returned. Tallis and I stood at attention and watched as the three men left before we dared to smile. Tallis wrapped his arms around my shoulders. From the look on his face, you’d think he’d already won the battle, “Thank you, my friend. I owe you, Paroh, but I need to meet Zosimos before returning to Hammath before putting our plans in motion. With luck, I will see you tomorrow morning. Keep your door barred tonight and pray for my troops and me. We need all the help we can get tonight and tomorrow.”

      

Zosimos busied himself cleaning his shop when I arrived, “Why are you here, Tallis? You look exhausted.”
“We need to talk. Where’s Hilarion?”
“Are you serious,” Zosimos asked with his arms spread wide? “He’s not here. I didn’t have the heart to fire him yesterday. In my weakness, I gave him another chance after he begged me and promised he would come to work on time daily. No more friends visiting and no leaving during working hours. My words flew right thru his empty head because he didn’t show up for work today. I don’t know why I waste my breath.”
I pointed toward the rear of the shop, “Close and secure your backdoor. I’ll do the same upfront. This is personal and troubles my soul.”
“There, I’ve locked and barred the door.”
“We should sit, brother.” Zosimos pointed at the nearest stool, and I sat down, while Zosimos sat on the far side of a workbench. I rested my elbows on the bench and used my hands to support my chin, trying to control my building stress, “I assume you remember yesterday’s talk regarding Hilarion and his friends.”
“Your words still haunt me since I didn’t follow your recommendations, Tallis.”
I inhaled, held my breath, and blew it out, trying to relax, without success, “There’s more to the story, Zosimos. Earlier this morning, I discovered Hilarion works as a courier for his friend, Zamir. He is delivering a message to their associates as we speak. Tonight, Zamir’s friends plan to attack Hammath and attempt to free our prisoners. Also, Nikolaos has made at least two deliveries of the weapons you made to Zamir so he can arm his comrades.” Zosimos slumped forward and buried his face in his hands, “I met with Herod before coming here. Nikolaos is under arrest. Expect more arrests to occur over the next two days. The Tetrarch doesn’t know you made the weapons given to Zamir. Hilarion faces serious consequences, but I haven’t shared his name with anyone. The others will face justice tomorrow morning if they survive tonight’s attack.”
Zosimos rubbed his eyes, “What can I say, Tallis? Yes, I built the weapons Nikolaos ordered, and I delivered them as directed in my contract. But I cannot control what happens after they leave my hands. What am I guilty of?”
“You’re not guilty of anything.” Zosimos sniffed, used his sleeve to wipe his nose, as his tears streamed down his face, “I will stand with you if you’re telling me the truth. But you’d better not tell Hilarion I discovered they plan to attack Hammath tonight. Otherwise, Herod and I will both view you as a traitor, like our younger brother.”
Zosimos struggled to compose himself enough to speak, “I won’t say a word of this to Hilarion or anyone else. I promise.”
“Good. I’ll pray for you and Ya-el, but you must end your relationship with Hilarion today. Herod and his troops may come for him.” Zosimos nodded, “When you see him, tell our brother goodbye. If Hilarion is smart, he’ll run, and we don’t want to know where he goes. Now, I need to leave before our battle begins.”



Chapter 26


Tallis met my team and me at the pier, “I hope you and your men allowed enough time to reach Magdala, Bazak.” I assured my Triplicarious we’d allowed three hours to travel six miles. This gave us time to reach our destination, secure the boats, and scout the area. I want my team to enter the estate after Zamir’s supporters left the pier in Magdala to rescue their friends.
An hour after sunset, two boats weighed anchor and disappeared into the night. Everyone wore dark clothing, and a new moon made it easier to avoid detection as we headed north. Passing Tiberias, Nosh made certain our vessels remained a safe distance from the shore, so people wouldn’t realize we were present. By my estimate, we’d covered two miles in under an hour. At our current pace, we would reach Magdala in another hour, leaving us ample time to familiarize ourselves with the surrounding area.
I sat in the bow and prayed as we neared our destination, asking God to help my team rescue Benson and return home without incident. I also prayed the guard would flee, or not resist when my soldiers and I entered the courtyard. The shedding of innocent blood wasn’t part of our plan.
Our boats approached the shoreline faster than on our previous visit, hoping to drive the vessels onto the beach so everyone could disembark without wading through knee-deep water before reaching dry ground. Both boats came to rest twenty feet apart in a location covered with pebbles rather than large rocks, which might puncture the hulls.
Overgrown brush covered the area between our landing spot and the highway. From this position, my team could see Magdala’s torches burning and the village pier on our right. I counted at least ten fishing vessels secured to the dock and wondered if one or two of my men might swim over and set the boats adrift. But my orders didn’t include preventing Zamir’s friends from traveling to Hammath.
Before going ashore, I reminded everyone to bring their weapons with them, “Remain hidden so people won’t detect us if they walk past our location. We’ll remain out of sight until Zamir and his friends depart. No talking or unnecessary movement.”
Within minutes, everyone felt restless as our muscles and joints stiffened. It wouldn’t be long before Zamir and his friends gather at the pier. In the distance, I heard voices, but I didn’t spot anyone traveling along the highway. I reached for my knife when I heard a sound, before Nosh appeared through the darkness, “Bazak, they’ve loaded their boats. I counted nine men per vessel. Each craft can hold twelve people, so there’s room for their friends plus a few more if they take prisoners.”
“What if we sink the remaining boats after they leave, Nosh?”
“Why would you want to ruin the livelihood of innocent men, Bazak?” I hope they don’t damage my friends’ vessels when they arrive in Hammath.”
“My apologies, Nosh. I didn’t think before I spoke. After they shove off, my men and I will survey the area and decide if we need to adjust our plans. I want you to leave four crew members behind to protect your boats.”
The sound of laughter and oars, striking the water, interrupted my concentration for a moment. In the distance, Zamir’s friends leaving the pier, heading for open water, “Nosh, when we initiate our mission, I want you and eight of your friends to go with Nuri and his team. You and your colleagues will remain outside the compound. Your job is to help protect Benson and my troops when we exit the estate. Bring your clubs and knives with you, but I’m hoping you won’t need them.”
Nosh glanced around the area, “I don’t see anyone, Bazak. Let’s go.”
“Patience, friend. If we move too soon, our enemies may return rather than continuing on to Hammath. We don’t want to find them waiting for us when we return with Benson.”
Several minutes later, I stood and surveyed my surroundings. The pier remained deserted, “Ari, I want you to scout the highway from our location to Magdala. Make sure nobody is around so we can begin our mission.” I planned to check the compound when Ari returned.
The shrubbery rustled between the highway and my location, and my scout reappeared, “Everything is still, sir. The houses are dark and listen—no animal sounds.”
“Great work, Ari. Thanks for your report. It’s my turn to make ensure everything’s clear in the opposite direction.”
I slipped through the brush and worked my way south along the shoreline until arriving across from Zamir’s front gate. The area remained still, so I sprinted toward the south wall. In the distance, a lamp flickered.
After studying my surroundings, I made walked around the estate’s walls. Three crates remained in the same location. The crates remained steady as I pulled myself over the north wall and crossed the flat roof. A sleeping guard sat in the same location, and I retraced my steps. The old fellow never realized he wasn’t alone.
When I returned, Simon asked if it was time to begin our mission, “Give me a moment to catch my breath, soldier.”
“You’re getting old, sir.”
“True, but I don’t care to pull a muscle either. I climbed a wall. We’ll have no problems entering the courtyard from the roof. The steps descend into the main yard. The guard’s sleeping.”
I sensed the nervousness on my soldiers’ faces. It’s time to rescue Benson, and we can’t afford to fail, “Nuri, if the gate won’t open after you’ve picked the lock, send a man to the estate’s northeast corner. Tell him to wave one hand. I’ll enter the courtyard and remove the bar. If the gate opens, have your man wave two hands. When he does, we begin counting to one hundred before entering the courtyard. This will give my team time to climb the wall so we can rush the guard. We need to move fast. Is everyone ready?” My colleagues nodded, “Good. After Nuri and his team enter the compound, I want Nosh and his friends to cross the highway with their clubs ready in case we stumble into an ambush. When you see us coming with Benson, return to your boats and prepare for our departure. May God be with us tonight. Let’s move.”

      

Our timing needed to be perfect. Gad and Priam’s Conturbeniums secured a four-block area around the building housing Deron and Label. Both Decanuses assured me everything was in place. Despite their reassurances, I still felt nervous.
It’s time to begin the most complicated part of our plan. Two soldiers snapped to attention when I arrived at the building housing our prisoners. One guard opened the door, “We’re ready for you, Tallis.”
Light from a small oil lamp danced around us, and another soldier handed me a linen strip, “Thank you.”
Turning to Deron, the guard ordered the lad to open his mouth. Deron complied, and I placed the cloth between his teeth and wrapped the material around my prisoner’s head, tying a knot with both ends. Moving to Label, I repeated the process before ordering their guards to help our captives stand. Next, my soldiers removed the prisoners’ shackles, replacing them with thick twine, so no one could hear clanking sounds as we walked along the village street. Each detainee had enough rope securing their ankles to take short steps. Any effort to run would prove futile, “Help the prisoners to the door.” Once Deron and Label were in position, I gave further instructions, “I will say this one time. You will wear blindfolds. From this point forward, no more talking. If you understand what I told you, Nod… Good. If you don’t obey, my soldiers will kill you. Iban, place the hoods over their heads.”
I stepped to the door and knocked, “It’s time. Watch your step. No one makes a sound. I’ll lead the way. Let’s move.”
Both prisoners negotiated the step down to the street and turned to their right with ease. Four paces later, everyone made another right turn before following the road toward the west wall. Two soldiers led our procession, ensuring the streets remained empty. The entourage reached the road bordering the wall, and everyone turned south. Part of our plan included trying to disorient our captives, so they wouldn’t know their exact location as we traveled to a securer facility. Three blocks later, we turned left and headed back toward the main road. Label stumbled, but a soldier maintained his grip and prevented the lad from tumbling to the street. Ten minutes later, we arrived at our destination.
“Iban secure Deron in this room. Keep the blindfold on his head and place him in a seated position. Hod, take Label into the next room. Do the same with him. Keep the prisoners quiet, and no lamps allowed. We want our attackers to think this building is unoccupied. Secure the main entrance after I leave. I barred all exterior doors before our arrival. I’ll recheck them before leaving. Additional troops will protect our guests before their friends enter Hammath.”

      

Zamir’s friends made better time than I expected on their voyage to Hammath, arriving before Gad’s troops slipped into the shadows. The attackers held their positions far enough from shore while my two Decanuses and I waited.
“Do you think they’ll attack us after my soldiers hide from view, Tallis?”
“My sources said they planned to wait an hour after your troops disappeared before coming ashore. Don’t worry, Gad, everything’s working as planned.”
“I wish they’d attack now. Waiting makes me nervous.”

      

Both teams moved in silence toward their assigned positions. I climbed the crates, pulled myself over the wall, and crossed the roof, while Nuri picked the lock securing the estate’s entrance. Simon scanned the area, looking for signs of trouble as Tam waited for the signal. My heart pounded as I waited and asked God to calm my soul. Ari joined me near the top of the staircase. The night remained peaceful.
Tam spotted the signal and whispered to Simon, “Two hands waving. Begin your count.”
Both soldiers scaled the wall, and crossed the roof, giving me count as the front gate open. The guard continued sleeping across the courtyard, “Let’s move.” Reaching the base of the stairs, my team fanned out, leaving ten to twelve feet between each soldier. I’d warned my troops not to kill the guard unless he attacked us or reached for his horn. He’s an old man who has no way to prevent four armed soldiers from achieving their goal.
Nuri and his team rushed through the open gate as Simon struck the guard with the handle of his short sword, knocking the man unconscious. I drove my shoulder into the door behind the guard, ripping it from the hinges. Benson sat on the floor leaning against the far wall, “Benson, wake up. You’re going home. Benson.” Simon followed me into the room and spoke, but I cut him off and began questioning our colleague, “Are you in chains?” Benson shook his head, “Can you walk or run?”
“I’m ready to find out, Bazak. I haven’t moved since my kidnappers brought me here.”
I pulled Benson to his feet, “Tell me if you need help. Ready? We need to move fast.” We left without incident, “How are you doing, Benson?”
“Okay, sir.”
“Good. Follow me.”
Everyone was out the gate and racing along the highway seconds after we freed our colleague. Other than the sound of our footsteps, the area remained quiet. Nosh and his friends stood knee-deep in the water, holding their boats steady as we climbed aboard. I paused before hoisting myself into the vessel and counted my team, “Let’s get out of here, Nosh.” The fishermen shoved off, leaped in, and maneuvered toward deeper waters. With their backs to the bow, they rowed, and their crafts glided across the lake into the night. When we reached open water, the north breeze intensified, and a fisherman raised the sail. I turned my attention to my comrade, “How are you feeling, Benson?”
“I’m good, Bazak. My captives treated me well after I arrived at their compound. How did you find me?”
“Tallis knows some people who helped him. We also captured two men as they tried to leave Hammath by boat. Our prisoners verified the information our Triplicarious received. Several nights ago, Nosh and his friends brought us to Magdala to check out the estate.”
Benson looked puzzled, “Why didn’t you rescue me then?”
The question surprised me, “We didn’t bring enough soldiers with us and feared walking into a trap. Plus, we didn’t have sufficient support to prevent our own capture.”
“I wasn’t allowed step outside, so I never realize how many guards protected me. I never heard people talking. One old man brought me food and water. They never tied me up or shackled my ankles. If I’d known he was the only guard, I would have snuck out and gone home.”
“I’m surprised you didn’t attempt an escape, but I’m pleased to learn they treated you well, and you recovered from your wounds.”
“My body ached for days, and I wasn’t going anywhere until I recovered. Once they placed me in the room, I didn’t know where I was.”
“When did you last eat?”
“The guard fed me at sunset, but I could use some water.”
I reached for my water bag and laughed, “I’d give you some wine, but you need a clear head. We may be in for a fight once we reach Hammath. The Zealots who captured you plan to rescue their friends tonight. Like I said, we may run into trouble and need to fight our way into town.”
Benson nodded, and I bowed my head, thanking God for a successful mission. We’d rescued Benson without incident or casualties. Two hours later, I heard screams in the distance.



Chapter 27


Two soldiers stationed near the tower left their positions and disappeared into the night. Seconds later, a second pair, further south, stepped into the shadows. I watched from my rooftop, making sure everything happened according to plan, “Are you ready, Gad?”
“I suppose we’ll find out soon enough, Tallis. I hope Bazak’s team rescued Benson.”
They should be heading home, but I admit, I’m nervous, and I won’t feel better until tonight ends. Follow me. We need to make sure every soldier is in their assigned positions.”
As we walked, Gad asked, “Will our tactics work, sir? I fear we forgot something, and we’ll end up losing men and our prisoners.”
“It’s too late to fret now, but sometimes worry can serve as a blessing. It keeps your mind working, always thinking, analyzing. I reviewing our plans and asking myself, what did I miss? But tonight, we’ve done our best, so everything is in God’s hands.” Gad and I walked the length of the shoreline, making sure each team was in their proper positions, before heading to Kiva’s residence.
The Rabbi responded to our knock, “Come in, Tallis. I worried you wouldn’t arrive in time. Four additional boats joined the others minutes ago. What are they waiting for? They sit there doing nothing. It worries my soul.”
“What if they’re saying their prayers, Kiva? With God’s help, they’ll need them tonight, but to answer your question, they may wait to ensure our soldiers have gone home, and we didn’t change our patrol patterns. Are you ready? You have a big job tonight.”
Kiva looked apprehensive, so I gave him a reassuring smile, “Make sure the attackers leave their boats and are moving toward the main road blowing your horn. Otherwise, our tactics might not work as planned.”
“I won’t forget, Tallis, but this is my first time doing something so exciting. It’s nerve-racking too.”
Gad and I chuckled at Kiva’s comment, “Don’t worry, Rabbi. You have an easy job. Blow your horn as loud as possible, and make sure you secure your door with a solid bar after we leave. Make me proud.”
Gad glanced toward the lake, “They’re coming, sir. We better get to our posts.”
I followed my Decanus down Kiva’s stairs with the Rabbi behind us, “Don’t forget to bar your door.”
After arriving at my observation post, I spotted a soldier standing guard near the well. The sentry looked up and nodded. Zamir’s men were coming. Ula held his ground, so those sprinting would spot him before he turned and raced into an empty store. Once Ula made his break, he had only seconds to reach safety. I wish I could see their faces when they rushed in and found the building deserted.
The blast from Kiva’s horn floated over Hammath as our intruders rushed into the village center. I watched the assailants fling the door open and dashed inside. Shouts and screams filled the air as Priam, Gad, and their soldiers attacked from the north, south, and west. Moments later, an eerie silence replaced the hollering when our attackers realize my troops surrounded them on three sides, and there were no prisoners to rescue. The intruders panicked, and most tried to retreat toward their boats, but Hammath’s fishermen blocked their path. Two options remained to fight or surrender. From my viewpoint, it appeared several lads made a poor decision.
My soldiers used their short swords and shields to attack and control the insurgents. Our troublemakers had knives but didn’t know how to use them to their advantage. The altercation didn’t last long. By the time I arrived, several Zealots lay wounded or dead. The others dropped their weapons as Hammath’s citizens held their ground, keeping the intruders between them and our troops.
The skirmish ended when Zamir’s friends surrendered. I figured they weren’t as dedicated to the cause as their leader, choosing to save their own necks, if possible. While surveying the battleground, I spotted Hilarion and Dan as they slipped behind my soldiers who’d rushed in from the south. Then they sprinted from view, heading toward Hammath’s western wall. With so many people filling the center of town, I had trouble working my way through the chaos. I yelled, but my men didn’t hear me. By now, Priam and Gad’s troops were securing our captives, forcing them to sit against the buildings lining the main road, and I began counting our prisoners.
Priam walked to my location and announced he’d counted thirty-four captives. I had the same number. Priam also said, “Five others died in the fighting, sir, and one suffered life-threatening injuries. Two or three fellows received minor scrapes and bruises. Gad is still checking on them. The doctor will examine everyone when he arrives.”
“Record the name of every prisoner and find Ranan and Ian, so I can meet the murderers of Kush and Masa. I’m going after two fellows who disappeared after the battle ended.” I turned and ran toward the street taken by Dan and my brother. One hundred strides later, I reached our west wall. I looked both directions but didn’t see either man, so I abandoned my pursuit, knowing they could run either direction before returning to the lake. From there, it was a short walk, around our south wall, to freedom.
Tonight, I’m pleased our plan worked but knowing Hilarion and his friend escaped troubled me. The entire battle lasted less than three or four minutes. Less time than it took my troublemakers to come ashore and enter an empty building. I smiled when Priam reported none of our soldiers received any injuries, and if I have time tomorrow, I’ll track down Dan and my brother.
Turning around, I noticed Gad walking toward me, “I found Ranan and Ian, Tallis. You’ll find them leaning against the well as you requested.”
“Did you find Zamir amongst the prisoners?” Gad shook his head.
“Neither did I.”

      

After the fourth knock, Habib unbarred and opened the synagogue door, “Good news, my friend. Thirty-four attackers surrendered. Five died, one is near death, and none of our troops suffered injuries. How are Label and Dan doing?”
“I haven’t heard a sound from either of them since we brought them here, Tallis.”
“Good. At least our prisoners learned to follow directions. We’ll house them here tonight. I never dreamed Zamir would send this many men to attack us. Ten, yes, Forty plus, never.”
“We can’t house them here tonight, sir. Kiva will want his worship center back so he can prepare for the Sabbath.”
“Don’t worry, soldier. I spoke with Kiva earlier and ask for permission to lodge our captives overnight. This gives the Rabbi plenty of time to make his preparations.”
I left our synagogue, returning to the well where Gad waited, “What should I do with Ian and Ranan, sir? We need to house them somewhere safe.”
“March them to the synagogue. Place them with Label. Shackle them and post a guard. Tomorrow we will deliver everyone to Herod. I would think Zamir’s friends who remained with the boats, left when the fighting ended and returned to Magdala. I don’t understand why Zamir didn’t lead his comrades tonight.”
“What will we do with our other captives, Tallis?”
“Escort them to the synagogue. Shackle them and post a guard.”
“One last question. What about the dead?”
I glanced at the corpses then back at Gad, “Leave their bodies. We can decide what to with them later… Listen, I hear yelling… The sound’s coming from the lake. Follow me. Hurry.”
Many of our locals who helped contain the insurgents lined the shore, staring into the night when Gad and I arrived. Our boats maneuvered toward the vessels attempting to flee, “Look, Tallis. Nosh and his crew, along with some of your soldiers, are fighting our enemies.”
“How can you tell? It’s dark.”
“Let your eyes adjust.”
“All I see are shadows.”
“Our troublemakers are in the water. I watched Nosh hit a man with an oar and sent him flying. I hope he can swim. It looks like folks are trying to fish the others out of the lake, but if we let them drown, they won’t bother us anymore.”
Nosh and his crew docked their boats at the pier. Gad and I worked our way through the crowd to greet my troops, “Bazak, it’s good to see you. Where’s Benson?”
“He left with Nuri to change clothes. When we came upon the men attempting to flee, Benson leaped into their vessel and attacked them. He hit one fellow, and the lad flipped over backward into the water. So Benson’s doing well, sir.”
We both smiled, “Good for Benson. How did your plan work, Bazak?”
I received a quick review from my Decanus, “An old man guarded Benson. He’s recovering from his injury, and no one else was at Zamir’s estate to prevent our rescue.”
“So, you didn’t find Zamir?”
“No, sir. He could be on the run with Acaph and Mered.”
“It sounds like your mission went well for you and your troops tonight. Well done, Bazak. I wonder how many died trying to escape by boat?
“Come with me, Bazak. We can talk as we walk. There are too many people milling around.” I placed my arm around my soldier’s shoulder as we sifted through the sand, “Whoever planned the attack on Hammath wasn’t smart. Zamir sent his friends, who acted like they were on a grand adventure, into uncharted waters. Our troublemakers walked from their boats to the street, leading straight to where they thought we housed their friends. The fools didn’t bother breaking into smaller groups and attacking from different directions. They trotted as they neared the well. Ula ran into the building as planned, climbed the stairs before leaping the alleyway, and landing on the rooftop of the house behind the shop. Can you imagine their dismay when they entered an empty building?”
“What are your plans now, Tallis?”
“We’ll march everyone to the fortress before sunrise, present them to Herod, and he can deal with them.”
“You realize the Tetrarch will kill them.”
“Remember, Bazak, it’s not our problem. Come with me. I want to find Benson and welcome our friend home. I never thought we’d see him again.”

      

Gad greeted me at the synagogue door, “Good morning, Tallis. We’re ready.”
“Give the order.”
“Up! Everybody. Time to move, The sun will rise soon, and the Rabbi wants his building vacated. Let’s go. Move.” Several soldiers maneuvered through our prisoners, sprawled across the mosaic floor, yanking them to their feet. Some moaned. Others attempted to shake free without success.
Once everyone stood, I addressed my captives, “This morning, we will march to the fortress where I will deliver you to Herod. He will deal with you anyway, he pleases. If you try to escape, my troops won’t hesitate to kill you, and you can’t run wearing shackles. If you cooperate, you will arrive in Tiberias alive. Fight, and you may lose your head. 
“Gad, have the prisoners line up two abreast.” Some captives struggled to move their hands and feet while wearing chains, and I wondered if these dreamers ever imagined Zamir’s plan would fail. Where’s Zamir? Is he trembling with fear or continuing on like nothing happened? Is he searching for new friends to help him with his next adventure? Zamir may not know how last night’s attack ended, “Gad, are the prisoners ready to move out?”
“Yes, sir.”
“Good. Get these men to the fortress.”
Walking in shackles, two abreast, along a narrow cobblestone street, meant for a donkey pulling a cart, is a challenge I never cared to experience. Despite their struggles, our prisoners reached the main road in under a quarter of an hour. Thirty-four men in chains. Five corpses and one dying captive on my wagon. A second cart hauled the bodies of those who drowned attempting to retreat to Magdala.
Herod might rejoice when our entourage parades through his fortress gates, and the fate of these Zealots become the Tetrarch’s problem. I hope Nikolas observes this triumphant entry.

      

Eight fortress guards emptied our wagons, dumping corpses in a heap. Herod’s new prisoners looked on from a distance. One of Kadir’s men ran his sword through the belly of the dying man before two other soldiers tossed his body onto the pile. Another soldier doused the bodies with oil before setting a torch to the stack.
Flames danced in the morning light, Kadir walked over and joined me, “I need to speak with you, Tallis.” I grinned, thinking Herod’s second in command planned to congratulate me for a job well done, “I need to inform you, Nikolaos escaped for his cell last night. Soldiers loyal to the Commander helped him slip away undetected. You need to watch your back until he’s captured.”



Chapter 28


Zosimos will be furious with me. I promised my brother I would arrive on time and never miss work, but Zamir demanded I deliver one last message for him. Then another friend invited me to join the rescue party heading to Hammath to bring Label and Deron home.
Zosimos will never understand my logic, but everyone living in Galilee recognizes Herod isn’t a Jew. The man hails from Idumea. He’s a foreigner, like our Roman occupiers. Who gave Antipas authority to tell God’s chosen ones what to do? All he does is raise taxes so he can build a magnificent city for his capital. How can loyal Jews allow someone to get away with such atrocities? I’d rather die than live in tyranny, “Good morning, brother. I’m ready to work.”
Zosimos stopped fanning his furnace flames, “What do you mean, you’re ready to work? I told you two days ago, you can’t miss work, and you must arrive on time. What happened? You didn’t show up yesterday, and I had to work late to complete the job I assigned to you. Today, you’re late again.”
He’s right, but my brother always gives me another chance, “You’re right. I’m sorry. I remember my promise, but something came up. Zamir needed me to deliver an important message for him, and I couldn’t say no.”
“Zamir, Zamir. Does he pay you for your services?” Zosimos stepped toward me, and I raised my hands, hoping he didn’t throw a punch.
“No, I do it for our cause.”
Zosimos shook his finger in my face, “You and your causes. You lack responsibility, Hilarion. Your issues make me laugh. Wild dreams are all you have.”
“You’re yelling at me, Zosimos.”
“I am, but no one living in Palestine will overthrow Herod and Rome. This won’t happen. Not in my lifetime or yours. I’m too busy to argue, right now.”
“I said, I’m sorry. How can I earn your trust again? I don’t work for Zamir anymore, and I will never speak with him again. Promise.”
Zosimos crossed the shop and stoked the fire, “Your apology comes too late. I gave you one last chance two days ago, and you didn’t keep your word. Besides, I no longer trust you.”
I wiped away my tears, “Give me another chance, Zosimos. I beg you. I won’t disappoint you again. Please, I need this job.”
“You’re a fool, Hilarion. Tallis visited my shop yesterday morning. He wanted to speak to us, but you weren’t here.”
“What did he want this time?”
Zosimos clenched his fists but kept his distance, “Tallis came to discuss the weapons we’d made going to Zamir and his friends. Your friend, brother.” He knows. I feel dizzy. I’d better sit, “Our brother works with people who overheard you talking with Zamir before sunrise yesterday morning. Zamir showed you a short sword or a dagger. I forget what Tallis told me, and people have seen you with Acaph. He’s come to my shop several times, and you never told me or the authorities. Why is your face turning red, brother?”
“Herod is my enemy. Why would I say anything?”
Zosimos slapped his workbench, “Then you don’t deny what I’ve said. Herod may believe I’m a traitor since the weapons given to Zamir came from my shop. I’m the man with the Army contract, but thanks to you and Nikolaos, the swords and daggers ended up in your friend’s hands. How do I explain this to Herod when his soldiers march into my shop?”
“Tallis didn’t tell you the truth! Everything he said was a lie.”
“Tallis reported his friend heard you and Zamir discussing last night’s attack on Hammath. What’s the matter, Hilarion? Have you seen a ghost?... Look at me, not the ground when I talk to you. A prisoner held captive by our brother said you ran with Ian and Ranan the night they killed two soldiers. You were with them, weren’t you Hilarion?”
I staggered to the nearest stool, trying to catch my breath, “I don’t remember when the attack on Hammath would occur.”
“Quit lying, brother.” Zosimos grabbed his hammer, slamming it on a workbench next to me, “You were busy delivering a message to your friends, and that’s why you didn’t show up for work. So, if this wasn’t the message you shared with your comrades, who did you talk with yesterday?”
Think Hilarion. How did anyone hear our conversation? The streets were empty. Does Tallis hire spies? Did he tell Herod? Now what?
“What’s the matter, brother? Is guilt overwhelming you, Hilarion? I don’t know what will happen, but you can’t stay in Tiberias. Herod and his soldiers will hunt you down like a dog and kill Ya-el and me. Why? Because you believed in a wild dream.”
I stood and pointed, “You had the same dream, Zosimos. You told me yourself. Nobody enjoys paying taxes or the way Herod treats the Jews living in our own land. Now you want to distance yourself from everything and pretend you’re an innocent man.”
“Taking action on a dream and dreaming are different things. Will you turn me in before they slit your throat? How can I cover for you while you continue lying?”
I couldn’t stop shaking, “What happened, Zosimos? I thought we were in this together?”
Zosimos stood and walked toward me, “I’ve heard enough from you, Hilarion. I’m through arguing. You’re fired. If you stay in Tiberias, someone will recognize you and turn you over to Herod, or his soldiers will find you. Run Hilarion. Run far away, and you can’t take Efa with you.” Zosimos trembled as he spoke, “I may never see you again. I will miss you, and you will break our mother’s heart. Please leave my shop. Go home. Gather your belongings. Whatever you can carry and leave. Escape before Herod, or Tallis comes looking for you.”
Tears blurred my vision. My soul ached. I never dreamed Zamir’s plan would fail, “What went wrong, Zosimos? I need to find Zamir. He said he would help me if I needed him. He might hide at his estate. No one would find us there.”
Zosimos stood there, shaking his head, “You sound like you’ve lost your mind, Hilarion. Tallis knows Zamir is the brains behind this scheme. Herod’s troops will scourer Galilee looking for you. Our brother knows Zamir owns an estate in Magdala, and he’s aware of your friend’s plans too. He learned who his associates are. You won’t survive by running to your friends, and Zamir might be in custody by now. You may run into a trap if you find him.”
“Herod will never capture Zamir. He’s too smart for Antipas. Why are you shaking your head, Zosimos?”
“Goodbye, Hilarion. I’ll miss you.”
I spun around and sprinted, running toward the well.

      

Two Conturbeniums and their Decanuses left the fortress, following me to a house in northwest Tiberias. Reaching our destination, I knocked on the door. Seconds later, a sleepy-eyed Paroh stood before me, “I need you to lead us to Mered’ and Acaph’s house. Hurry. Get dressed.”
“What’s happening, Tallis. Didn’t Zamir and his friends try to rescue your prisoners last night?”
“Get dressed quick. We need to move fast. We’ll talk along the way.” Paroh grabbed his worn tunic, wrapped the garment around him before putting on his sandals, and stepping outside.
“It won’t take long to reach their house, Tallis.”
Paroh led our entourage to the next intersection and turned left. As we walked, I gave my friend an overview of last night’s battle, “Shush, Tallis.” Paroh raised his hand, “Wait here.” Everyone halted while my friend walked to the next intersection and peeked around the corner.
I left my troops and followed my friend, “What do you see?”
Paroh turned and whispered, “Acaph and Mered are loading boxes onto a pushcart. If they spot or hear us, they’ll run.”
I stepped next to my friend, “Let me look.”
“They live in a house with an open door.”
“I can’t figure out what’s in their boxes.”
Paroh nudged his way past me and studied the situation, “They’re too far away.”
We returned to my troops, “Let me think, Paroh. We can’t allow Mered and Acaph to escape.”
“Don’t talk so loud, Tallis. Your voice echoes along these streets when they’re deserted. Your troops need to quiet down too.”
I glanced at my soldiers and placed my index finger over my lips, “You know the neighborhood better than me. Where can they go if we approach them from different directions?”
“I suppose they might run inside, but your troops won’t have trouble smashing through the door. They can’t escape unless they gain access to their roof, but there’s no courtyard. If they reach the roof, they can leap to the street. If they don’t break a leg, they could run for their lives.”
I wonder what would happen if I waited for Acaph and Mered to load their wagon, and we followed them? Would they lead us to Zamir? I turned and pointed at Priam, directing him to take his Conturbenium to the corner one block south, “Wait for the sound of my horn before charging. We need to capture those two, so we can question them before delivering them to Herod.” Priam addressed his troops before heading to their new position.
A minute later, I peeked around the corner but didn’t see Priam, though I noticed Acaph and Mered finished loading their boxes onto the cart. I can’t wait much longer.
Mered turned and walked to his house, closing the door as Priam poked his head out and waved. I reached from my horn as Acaph picked up the handles and pushed the cart with Mered walking alongside. My horn sent a screeching sound throughout the neighborhood. Gad and his troops rushed our deserters from the north as Priam’s Conturbenium charged from the south.
Acaph dropped the handles, toppling the cart, and spilling the contents. Habib tackled Mered as he turned toward his front door. Acaph tripped, trying to follow his friend, but Gad knocked him off his feet with a blow from his club.
“Shackle their ankles and help them sit up.” I looked at my former soldiers, “Mered, Acaph, how nice to see you again.” Acaph spit but missed me. Mered didn’t respond, “Where are you taking your cargo?” Neither man spoke. I glanced at Habib and nodded. Acaph’s head snapped forward as my soldier’s fist struck my deserter’s cheek, and his right eye swelled, “I’ll ask one more time, Acaph. Where are you taking these weapons?” Acaph remained silent, and I pointed at Lior and then Mered. Lior wrapped his arm around Mered’s neck and squeezed. I watched as the man’s face turned the color of my cloak.
“Let go. You’re killing him.”
“Answer my question, Acaph, or he dies.”
Lior increased the pressure around Mered’s neck, and Acaph screamed, “Nikolaos ordered us to deliver these weapons to Zamir.”
I nodded, and Lior released his grip, “Why didn’t you deliver them yesterday?”
“This is a different shipment.”
I stared at Mered, “Where are you meeting, Zamir?”
Acaph replied before Mered responded, telling his friend to remain silent. An instant later, Lior wrapped his arm back around the man’s neck, “Leave him alone. I’ll tell you. Zamir spent last night at a friend’s home near the well. Mered, and I can show you. Let him go.”
“Keep them here, Lior. I’ll return soon.” I stood and walked to the corner where Paroh waited, “Acaph told me they planned to deliver these weapons to Zamir, who is visiting a friend somewhere near the well. Do you know which house he’s talking about?” Paroh nodded and provided directions to our next destination, “If I have Mered and Acaph push their cart to Zamir’s location, do you think he would step outside?”
“He might if he sees them coming, but if Zamir recognizes you, who knows what will happen, Tallis.”
“Follow me, Paroh.” We walked, and Paroh pointed to the house where Acaph told me, Zamir spent last night. The building looked like the others in the neighborhood. I doubt Zamir had access to the roof, “Paroh, go home and secure your door. If anything goes wrong, I don’t want my enemies to retaliate against your family. I’ll meet you once we’ve completed our mission.”
I returned to my troops and ordered my deserters to reload their cargo while our soldiers stood guard. I noticed Mered had recovered from his recent breathing problems. Once the boxes were on the cart, I ordered Gad to secure Mered’s hands behind him, before explaining how we would carry out the next phase of our mission. Acaph will push the cart. Mered and I will walk on the side away from the house where Zamir’s friend lives. Priam’s squad will follow us at a distance and stop one block away from our destination. Gad and his troops will station themselves a block east of our target, and both Conturbeniums will rush when I blow my horn, “I want Zamir alive. Herod will kill me if I don’t deliver the man to him.” Both Decanuses nodded, “Time to go, Acaph.” The man didn’t budge.
“You expect us to help you catch Zamir. I don’t turn on my colleagues, Tallis.”
“Too late. You turned against your fellow soldiers, but if you cooperate, you may save your life, and Mered’s too if I convince Herod you helped us capture Zamir since he’s the man leading the plot to overthrow our government.”
Acaph laughed, “He’s not the leader. Zamir is a puppet with money and friends.”
“If not Zamir, Acaph, who’s in charge? You.”
“Ha. Not me.”
“What’s your role then, a traitor doomed to death?”
Acaph grinned at me, towering over him, “What do you want from me, Tallis?”
“Start with your leader’s name.”
“Nikolaos is our leader, but you’ll never find him. After his escape, the Commander moved far away. Someplace where his friends and family can protect him.”
“You’re telling me Nikolaos hid somewhere near Nazareth?” Acaph grinned as his face turned red, “Thank you.
“It’s time to move out. I want you to push this cart to the house where you and Mered plan to meet Zamir, Acaph. Your friend will walk next to me. There will be no talking until it’s time for you to invite Zamir to join us. Like I said, I’m willing to give Herod a good report if you do your part… What’s your answer?”
Acaph shook his head, “I don’t like either option.”
“You can push this cart, or my men will escort you to Herod.”
Mered and Acaph glanced at each other, then at me, “What if we run,” Acaph asked?
“You’re wearing shackles. You won’t get two steps before I slice your head off and watch it roll along the cobblestones.”
A wry smile crept over Acaph’s face, but he didn’t reply. I drew my sword, “Tallis,” Mered said, “I’ll help you.”
Acaph scowled at his friend, then looked at me and grinned, “I’d love to push this cart for you, Tallis.”
“Wise decision. You better follow my orders.” Acaph grabbed the handles and pushed his cart along the street. I checked to see if my troops were in their positions, and both Decanuses signaled their readiness. Fifty paces from our destination, the wheel squeaked. The sound intensified with each rotation, and Zamir stepped outside. I ducked behind the cart, trying to avoid detection as Acaph stopped in front of the house.
“Acaph, you and Mered are late.”
I reached for my horn. It was a moment of truth, depending upon Acaph’s reply, “Sorry, Zamir. We loaded the cart, and as I pushed, I lost my grip. Everything spilled on the roadway. I apologize for being late.”
“You’re so clumsy.”
The sound of footsteps coming from two directions filled the air. Zamir glanced right and saw eleven soldiers closing in on him. For a second, he froze as his eyes bulged before he reacted and turned toward the door. Two steps later, Priam slammed the traitor to the stones, and his escape attempt ended. A second solder bound the lad’s hands behind his back while another trooper shackled his ankles. Zamir screamed, “Acaph, you betrayed me.” Priam order Zamir to quit talking, “You can’t make—”
Iban drove his fist into Zamir’s chin, causing the captive’s head to strike the wall behind him, “Tobin, fetch some water and place a compress on his wound to stop the bleeding. We need Zamir to answer my questions before he spills his guts to the Tetrarch.

      

I ran up the hill to my house, following the advice Zosimos gave me. I grabbed what belongings I could carry in a sack slung over my shoulder, and left. I needed to speak with Zamir and tell him Tallis discovered we are friends and shared a dream. God, where’s your Messiah? I need to tip off Zamir, so he knows Tallis is on to us.
Turning the corner, I spotted Zamir leaning against a wall with my brother interrogating him. I froze and retraced my steps. Seconds later, the north gate came into view with nobody standing between me and freedom.
“Hey, you stop.” I glanced over my shoulder without breaking stride. A soldier yelled, “Stop,” I broke into my sprint, knowing I could outrun a man wearing armor and carrying a shield. I raced out the gate, heading toward Magdala. A mile later, the highway forked, and I turned left, running up into the hills of Lower Galilee. I looked back and slowed my pace for the long trek, wondering how long it would take Herod to start his search for me.



Chapter 29


Kadir walked into my office, catching me by surprise, “Come with me, Kaleb. I need your help.”
“What happened, sir? The world’s falling apart. First, we experience trouble in Hammath, and now we have insurrections within our own ranks. What’s next?”
“Herod wants us to track down Nikolaos and bring him to justice.” Kadir sat on a chair behind his desk.
I took an empty stool and stroked my beard, “When you say us, you mean me, don’t you?”
“You catch on fast, Kaleb.”
I stood and paced around Kadir’s office as he watched me, “Nikolaos could be anywhere in Palestine, and our Army isn’t large enough to send patrols throughout Galilee and Perea. What do you suggest I do?”
“Herod left the decision to me. I realize chasing someone who doesn’t want to get caught wastes time and resources. But the Tetrarch says money isn’t an issue. You understand how Antipas acts when he’s upset. If I were Nikolaos, I’d hide someplace governed by Rome. This way, Herod wouldn’t have any authority to pursue him, and I doubt Pilate wouldn’t help without receiving compensation. You realize those two aren’t on speaking terms.”
“What’s your plan, sir?”
“I was afraid you would question me, “I’m working to develop a plan. Something sensible, but I report to Antipas in under an hour. He’s furious, and I need to present a solution fast, or he may take out his rage on me… Quit smiling, Kaleb.”
“He’s been mad at the world of late. I understand you’ve faced Herod’s wrath often since you’re next in the chain of command. I’m glad I’m not in your position.”
Kadir leaned back and placed his hands behind his head, “Kaleb, I want you to lead four Conturbeniums. Explore the hills around Sepphoris and Nazareth. Nikolaos used to live in the region before Herod moved his headquarters to Tiberias.”
I can’t believe this, “We all used to live near Sepphoris, sir. Nikolaos, you, me, and every other officer stationed in Galilee. You want me to march into Sepphoris and announce I’m here to arrest our former Commander and transport him to the fortress so Herod can execute him for treason?” Kadir stood, looking agitated, “Do you think anyone would tell me if they’d seen Nikolaos, or knew where he was hiding? His family won’t share any information.”
Kaleb’s right, “What do you suggest I tell Antipas? I’m open to your ideas, but time is short, so talk fast.”
I stood facing my commanding officer, “Now I’m responsible for saving your problems? We have a Centurion stationed in Sepphoris with an entire Century at his disposal. Why not send a runner directing Meir to search for Nikolaos and his supporters?”
Kadir shook his head, “What if Nikolaos captures or kills our runner?”
“If Nikolaos leads his own troops, he would attack four Conturbeniums and me, sir. You know how I feel, but it’s your decision to make, not mine.”
I realized our meeting didn’t make Kadir’s decision easier, “I’ll tell you what Herod decides, Kaleb. I know you don’t want to run around the countryside, chasing a ghost. You’re getting too old for such an assignment, but we have orders to follow.”
Within an hour, Kaleb returned to my office with a troubled look on his face, “Kadir, you’re back so soon. I assume Herod decided, and I won’t like your news.”
“I want you to know I shared several ideas with the Tetrarch, Kaleb, including yours, and Antipas directed me to send you along with four Conturbeniums, as we discussed. As you travel, check for potential hiding places along the highway to Sepphoris.” Kadir removed a sealed parchment from his pocket and laid it on my desk, “Deliver this letter to Meir when you arrive. Then the search for Nikolaos becomes his problem, not yours.”
I leaned back, closing my eyes, “It will take me all day to gather enough troops to travel with me. We can’t leave until tomorrow morning. I hope you find this acceptable. I won’t take soldiers from Hammath. Tallis and his Conturbeniums need time to recover from their ordeal.”
Kadir nodded, “You have until sunrise.”
“I’ll do my best, sir. Now, if you’ll excuse me, I’ll get to work.”
I left, leaving Kadir sitting behind his desk. I won’t enjoy this. With luck, I’ll return to Tiberias within a week. The only reason Herod sent us to Sepphoris was to impress Caesar, so Rome would believe the Tetrarch maintained a firm grip in Galilee. Chasing Nikolaos looks good, but wastes resources. A courier on horseback could travel to Sepphoris and return before sunset.
Two weeks later, Kadir knocked on my door, surprising me because a superior officer had never visited me, at home, during my entire military career. The soldiers who traveled with me to Sepphoris had returned to their duty stations, and I submitted my letter of resignation after reporting to the fortress. Then I went home, “What brings you to my house, sir?”
Kadir grinned, “Kaleb, I hate to intrude. I know you retired, but Herod asked me to order you to report to the fortress courtyard before the sixth hour tomorrow.”
I felt faint. Am I in trouble? “What does the Tetrarch want from me? I retired. What if I refuse his request? He might reject my resignation and tell me I can’t quit? Will he kill me?”
Kadir rolled his eyes, “Don’t be dramatic, Kaleb. Come. Then Antipas will leave you alone. I’ll see you tomorrow.” Kadir turned to leave, “Don’t be late.”
The rest of my day was rough. I spent my afternoon fretting. Will Herod reject my retirement letter? A soldier’s enlistment is for twenty-three years, and I served for twenty-five. Yes, I’ll show up, and the Tetrarch will say I can’t retire. Antipas will tell me he needs me. I was an excellent soldier. His best Centurion. He can’t get along without me, and I’ll say phooey. I’m an old man. I need a nap. Stop talking to yourself, Kaleb.

      

Four guards stopped me as I entered the fortress. One soldier said, “Follow me, Tallis,” and escorted me to a room near Kadir’s office, telling me to sit on a stool next to Kaleb.
I’d never seen my Centurion this nervous, “Why are you here, sir?”
“Herod ordered me to appear today. He said, arrive before the sixth hour. Why are you here, Tallis?”
“Yesterday, Kadir directed me to meet him at the fortress.”
I sat next to Kaleb, and my Centurion reached over and placed his hand on my forearm, “I need to share something with you, Tallis.” Kaleb lowered his eyes and whispered, “I submitted my resignation after returning from Sepphoris yesterday morning. I wanted to tell you, so you didn’t hear my news from Kadir or anyone else.”
“I remember you mentioned retiring, but I never realized you would leave the Army this soon.”
Kaleb closed his eyes, and I wondered if the man was watching his life passing by, “For twenty-five years, I served Herod, giving him my best effort every day. Today, I’m a tired old man. My body aches. My joints hurt. I can’t keep taking long hikes through the countryside anymore, nor do I want to. I did my best. It’s time for me to step aside and allow someone else to take my place.” Tears welled up in Kaleb’s eyes.
“I’ll miss you, sir, but why would Herod want to meet with me? I don’t understand what’s happening.”
Kadir interrupted our conversation, “You two, follow me.”
We followed Kadir down a hallway to the courtyard, filled with soldiers standing at attention. Herod and his inner circle, along with some Roman dignitaries, sat to our right.
Kadir led us to a spot facing Herod’s seat and directed us to stand at attention. Kaleb’s body started twitching, making me nervous. How did I upset the Tetrarch? I don’t recall refusing to obey orders. A few days ago, I was a hero. As we waited, Herod continued talking with someone I’d never seen before. Then I saw movement to my right, as a door opened, and Kadir reappeared, leading Kaleb’s wife, followed by Abigail and my family members, including Ya-el. I hope my relatives don’t have to watch Kaleb and me die. I closed my eyes, saying a quick prayer.
Herod quit talking and stood, staring at Kaleb and me, before addressing his audience. Kaleb’s quivering intensified, “Today is difficult for me.” I wasn’t sure how to interpret the Tetrarch’s comments, “We gather here to honor a most trusted leader. A man who served me well for twenty-five years and performed his duties with distinction and honor. Thank you for your service, Kaleb.” My former Centurion stopped shaking, and a grin covered his face. I smiled too. I’m proud of my mentor and friend.
Herod smiled at the man being honored, “Kaleb, step forward.” The only sound came from Kaleb’s sandals as he walked toward the Tetrarch. Kaleb’s family stood, though no one applauded. I fought an urge to hug my friend but didn’t dare move, “Kaleb, thank you for your years of service and a job-well-done. I am awarding you the Sash of Honor, and a medal for your valor. Thank you for your dedication to the troops you led all these years. I will miss you.”
Kaleb trembled as Herod placed the sash over his head and whispered in his ear. Kaleb nodded before returning to his original position as Antipas turned, walked back, and stood in front of his chair, “Tallis, step forward.” My headache returned in a flash, and I struggled to make my legs move, wondering what was happening. I doubt anyone gives me a medal.
The Tetrarch grinned, “Tallis, with Kaleb’s retirement, I need a new Centurion to lead his Century. Today, I am appointing you to serve in his place.” Stunned and light-headed described my condition. The most powerful man in Galilee stood before me and fulfilled my lifelong dream, “Besides serving as a Centurion, you will become responsible for recruiting new soldiers, training them, and all the troops under your command. I also want to commend you for your service and your recent successes in capturing the Zealots attempting to overthrow my government. Thank you. May you continue to experience success.” I didn’t know how to respond and continued to stand as Herod turned and walked away. Should I say something? No, Antipas didn’t give me permission to speak.
“You may return to your previous position, Tallis,” Kadir said loud enough for everyone present to hear. The audience laughed when I hesitated, bowed my head, and offered a quick prayer of thanks.
Kadir followed me back to my previous location and shook the hands of Kaleb and me. Turning to Kaleb, Kadir addressed my friend, “Congratulations on your retirement. I will miss you.” Next, my Commander turned and stepped in front of me, “I look forward to working with you, Tallis.” Then he returned to the platform and addressed everyone present, “Except for Kaleb, Tallis, and their families, you will return to your assigned locations.”
Herod and his entourage left the platform, entering the hallway. Kadir addressed the families and pointed toward a second doorway, “The Tetrarch asked me to invite everyone to join him for a celebration feast.”
Kadir escorted everyone into the banquet room, directing Kaleb and me to sit at the head table, “Today we celebrate the contributions of Kaleb and Tallis’s promotion to the rank of Primi Ordines Centurion.”
The food kept coming, more than I’d seen. After everyone finished eating, Kadir, as the senior officer, clapped his hands and silenced filled the room. Herod stood, “I want to make today’s ceremony special for Kaleb and Tallis.” Antipas tapped Kaleb’s shoulder, “Please stand. Today, you sit to my left because you are retiring from my Army. You’ve worked hard, and you did a superb job for which I am grateful. After you received your promotion to Centurion, I presented you with a country home and enough land to grow your own crops and raise any animals you wanted. I hope you live a long and prosperous life, and to help you enjoy retirement. I will build you a new home with an equal amount of land anywhere in Galilee if you relocate. Kadir will discuss your pension in a moment. Again, thank you for your service and a job well done.”
Next, the Tetrarch turned and asked me to stand, “Tallis, this afternoon, you’re seated on my right because you are my newest and most senior Centurion with charge over ten Decanuses, their soldiers, and all the other Centurions stationed throughout Galilee. Your duties include maintaining peace in the province. Through your valor, you’ve earned this promotion. It is my honor to have you serving in my Army. As I’ve done for my other Centurions, I will build a country home for you and Abigail. You will own the surrounding land, also. Your new home will sit next to the house I constructed for your late father. This way, you can live closer to your dear mother if she returns to her former residence.” I hope nobody notices my arm spasms’, “With this assignment, you will no longer patrol the streets of Hammath. You will lead your troops from the fortress. Again, Congratulations on this special day. Now, Kadir needs to speak with you and Kaleb. I will see you in the morning, Tallis.”
Abigail and my family members sat beaming with pride during Herod’s presentation. Odelia wiped tears from her eyes as she wept. Before meeting with Kadir, I bowed my head and said another prayer, thanking God for a day I’ll never forget.
“Congratulations, Tallis. Take this letter. It lays out your new salary and obligations to Herod. Your rank is superior to the other Centurions. You may read the document at your convenience. Do not share the financial information with anyone. Everything remains confidential between you, Herod, and me.
“Tomorrow morning, arrive at the fortress before the third hour begins. The Tetrarch will preside over the trails for those involved with the insurrections in Hammath. Following those procedures, Herod will hold trials for Zamir, Acaph, Mered, and the murderers of Masa and Kush. Afterward, we will develop plans to expand the size of our Army. Also, I want you to create an elite team of soldiers to track Nikolaos and his followers. Again, I look forward to us working together. Go home with your wife and family. I hope you enjoy your day.”



Chapter 30


Several empty wagons and chariots filled the courtyard when I arrived. Kadir greeted me as I approached his office building. My curiosity had gotten the best of me, “Kadir, what is going on this morning? Is this a parade or a trial?”
My Commander smiled, “Herod changed his mind this morning, and we needed to adjust to meet his demands. Get used to it.”
I followed Kadir into the building, lining the east wall of the fortress. Yesterday’s banquet hall had transformed into a courtroom. An impressive straight-back chair, inlaid with gold, sat on the raised platform, replacing the head table, “Where do we sit, sir?”
“You and I will sit to the left of Herod in case you need to testify during the trials. I also delivered your report to the Tetrarch after you brought Zamir and your deserters to the fortress. Antipas didn’t share his plans for today’s cases with me. So I doubt you end up testifying.”
We located our seats and sat down as a door opened, and we jumped to attention when Herod and two personal confidants entered the courtroom, “Bring in the prisoners,” one advisor said. Kadir motioned for me to sit back down as the door reopened. Four soldiers joined us, leading the Zealots who surrendered to me in Hammath. Deron and Label followed their friends as their shackles clanked along the marble floor. The group faced the Judgment Seat. Most of the prisoners bowed their heads. A few glanced around. Each prisoner displayed bruises and cuts on their arms and faces. I assumed confinement wasn’t conducive to their usual lifestyle.
Herod waved, and the room fell silent, “Do you understand why you are present in my courtroom this morning?” Several captives mumbled, “yes.” “The charges against you include destruction of property in Hammath, assault on my troops with intent to kill, and attempting to liberate my prisoners protected by my soldiers. Other charges include efforts to overthrow the government as appointed by Caesar.” Herod scowled at the men standing before him, as he paced, hands clasped behind his back, “This morning, I questioned several witnesses regarding your crimes. Based on what I learned, you are guilty as charged. I will not tolerate this behavior in Galilee. Therefore, I sentence each of you to death.” Gasps and screams filled the room, “Silence.” Herod glared at the condemned, “My soldiers will escort you to the courtyard. Then your leaders will join us. Together we will travel to Mount Arbel. Once we arrive, I will allow each of you to leap from the summit to the valley floor while your leaders watch. This will serve as a warning to anyone entertaining similar ideas. Guards, remove them.” Herod turned and stomped from the room with his advisors in tow.
I turned toward Kadir, “This isn’t justice.”
“Don’t question the Tetrarch, Tallis. Herod considers himself the god of Galilee. The man can do whatever he pleases. Let’s go.”
Two or three captives collapsed upon hearing their fate, and the guards dragged them from the courtroom. Several screamed or sobbed as they shuffled toward the door. Once loaded onto the wagons, Kadir ordered additional troops to escort Zamir, Acaph, and Mered to the courtyard, along with Ranan and Ian. I’ve never seen such a spectacle in my life.
Mered, Acaph, Zamir, Ian, and Ranan rode in a separate wagon from their friends. Herod’s chariot led the procession, followed by Kadir’s. I joined my Commander for the trip. This isn’t comfortable. The road doesn’t feel as bumpy when you walk as it does riding in a chariot. As we bounced along, I prayed for the souls who would meet their Maker. Why did these fellows support Zamir and his ideas? Did they enter Hammath for fun or the thought of removing Herod from power?
Two hours later, we reached the summit of Mount Arbel. Kadir ordered the prisoners out of the wagons, with the help of their guards so they could witness and participate in the proceedings. Once in position, two soldiers grabbed the first condemned man, removed his shackles, had the lad state his name, and flung him plummeting toward the valley floor. Everyone listened to his screams as the dying man spiraled and twisted to his demise fifteen hundred feet below.
Kadir’s chariot fell in line behind Herod’s for the return trip. I don’t look forward to tomorrow. Will Abigail ask how my day went? Kadir and I rode in silence as we headed toward the fortress.

      

The following morning, I arrived at an empty courtyard. I hadn’t slept well, and Abigail asked what troubled me. I couldn’t bring myself to share what I’d observed. Nothing could be as gruesome as what I’d witnessed yesterday. Some weren’t guilty of anything more than having their heads filled with Zamir’s dreams.
“Good morning, I hope you’re well-rested, Tallis.”
“Long night, sir. Yesterday’s events kept me awake. I don’t understand Herod’s justification for killing those men. Their leaders, yes, but the others were immature fools.”
Kadir nodded as he placed his arm around my shoulders, “If used right, severe punishment serves as a deterrent to those wanting to disrupt society or destroy property. But remember what I mentioned yesterday, don’t question Herod. The Tetrarch hears what’s said inside these walls.”
I wasn’t sure I agreed with Kadir’s logic, but I kept my thoughts to myself. I had to live with Herod or take my family and flee, “I realize you don’t cross the Tetrarch, sir, but how did Nikolaos survive so many years without getting caught?”
“I don’t think anyone realized we needed to monitor the Commander. He’d served Herod for years and performed his duties well. Nobody suspected he would lead a rebellion against the Tetrarch. I fooled me. Somebody will pay for this one day, and I hope Antipas doesn’t decide I’m the lucky man.”
I agreed, “Do you believe we’ll capture Nikolaos? Where would he hide?”
“I fear we haven’t seen the last of our Commander. He’s an intelligent man who will nurture old friendships and build new relationships while continuing his efforts to remove Herod from power. Mark my words, Tallis.”
“May I ask a personal question, sir?” Kadir glanced at me and nodded, “Are you a God-fearing man?”
Kadir leaned toward me and whispered, “I am. But don’t discuss God in the Tetrarch’s presence. Herod feels terrified since a man called the Baptizer announced the Kingdom of God is near. He’s calling people to repent, you know, and the thought of a coming Messiah terrorizes Antipas.”
“After yesterday, it should frighten him.”
“Hold your tongue, Tallis.”
Everyone stood at attention when Herod and his officials entered the courtroom. Today another one of the Tetrarch’s confidants announced the trial for Ranan and Ian for the murders of Masa and Kush before directing the guards to bring in the defendants. Four soldiers dragged the pair before Herod as they struggled to free themselves. Antipas scowled when they resisted. A second official read the charges before asking, “How do you plead?”
Ranan cursed the Tetrarch while Ian continued to tussle with his guards as Antipas rose from his Judgement Seat, “Since you both refused to answer, I assume you each plead guilty to the murders of my two soldiers. Would either of you care to entertain me with an explanation for your actions?” When Herod didn’t receive an immediate reply, he paced, hands clasped behind his back, glaring down at the two.
When Ian stopped resisting, he stared at his judge and jury, stomping back and forth in front of him and screamed, “May the vultures pick the flesh from you bones, you old dog.” The guard on Ian’s left drove an elbow into Ian’s jaw, and he dropped to the floor like a sack of grain. Ranan held his tongue.
Herod froze, “How dare you insult me. I am the Tetrarch of Galilee and Perea, and I demand your respect, but since you don’t show remorse for your actions, I sentence both of you to death by the sword. Guards, take the prisoners to their cells and team them to respect authority.”
Two soldiers yanked Ian to his feet, dragging him across the marble floor as he continued shouting obscenities. Ranan appeared to accept his fate and shuffled along behind his friend. The sounds of clacking chains echoed throughout the building as the condemned traveled along the hallway back to the dungeon.
I fidgeted on my stool, fed up with what I’d witnessed so far, besides, I ached from sitting, “When do we get a break, Kadir?”
“Breaks aren’t up to me, Tallis.”
Once Ian and Ranan left the room, another official arrived and announced the trial for Zamir, Acaph, and Mered. Seconds later, the three captives entered, escorted by their guards.
Zamir glared at Herod and announced, “I’m a citizen of Rome and Palestine. Who gave your authority over me?”
Antipas ignored the fellow as Mered and Acaph shuffled into position. I figured the pair knew the penalty for desertion and treason, and they didn’t want to upset the Tetrarch further.
Herod stood and stared at Zamir, “What do you want to discuss first? Your claim regarding citizenship? You say you are a Roman Citizen. I don’t care. So am I. You didn’t commit a crime against Rome, Zamir. Your crimes are against me and the provinces I govern with Rome’s blessing. This is the reason you’re present in my courtroom… But, let me ask because I’m curious, how did you earn your Roman citizenship? Your father and I knew him well, wasn’t Roman. If he were alive today, your father would be most disappointed in his son.”
Zamir hung his head before looking back at Antipas, “I inherited my citizenship from my mother, sir. I don’t know how she got hers. It’s possible she received her citizenship like you did. Mother came from wealth.” Zamir puffed out his chest and straightened his posture, “You don’t scare me, Herod. I appeal to Rome for justice.”
Antipas laughed as he stroked his beard, “Don’t fear, Zamir. I don’t plan to kill you, but I am interested to hear what Mered and Acaph have to say regarding their desertions and working for the traitor, Nikolaos.”
Both deserters perked up when they heard Herod mention their names, “Acaph, explain your behavior.”
“Nikolaos assigned me to the Conturbenium led by Tallis near the end of my training.”
“And how does this relate to your deserting your post?”
Acaph bowed his head and shuffled, “It doesn’t, sir. Nikolaos asked Mered and me to spy on Tallis and to report anything to discredit our Decanus the next time we reported for training at the fortress.”
The confession stunned me. Why was Nikolaos upset with me? What did I do? Herod glanced at me, returned to his seat, and continued questioning Acaph, “Did you learn anything useful to share with Nikolaos?”
“No, sir. I know Zamir’s friends planned to visit Hammath during the late afternoon or after sundown, spying, I suppose, and searching for places to attack later.”
The Tetrarch stood again, “You’re telling me, Nikolaos ordered you and Mered to spy on your fellow soldiers?”
Acaph nodded, “After we left our post and reported back to the Commander, he directed us to work as messengers between him and Zamir. We also helped Zamir and his friends plan their attack on the marketplace in Hammath and provided information to help free Deron and Label.”
Herod folded his arms across his chest and continued his interrogation, “So, you’re saying Nikolaos presented the idea to you to help sabotage my government?”
“Our orders came from the Commander, sir. I don’t know why he wanted to undermine your authority.”
I resisted the urge to leap from my stool and strangle my deserter. Instead, I gripped the seat and hung on, trying to maintain my composure. Kadir placed a hand on my arm, hoping to steady my nerves, while Herod continued his inquisition, “Did you and Mered provide weapons belonging to my Army to Zamir?”
“We followed the orders given by Nikolaos.”
“How many deliveries did you make?”
“We completed two, but Tallis and his men prevented our third delivery.” Acaph glared at me before closing his eyes and bowed his head.
Herod turned toward Mered, “Is Acaph telling me the truth?” Mered nodded, “I’m curious, Mered. How did Nikolaos choose you two to work for him?”
“I don’t know, sir. The Commander gave us instructions after he assigned us to serve under Tallis, but before he introduced us to our Decanus.”
Herod and Mered continued to discuss the events of the past few weeks. No, Nikolaos didn’t direct them to desert their post. Mered claimed they panicked when they saw their friends sprinting toward the north gate and feared Tallis would figure out they knew the men who’d murdered Kush and Masa. Nikolaos threatened to arrest them if they didn’t continue to help him, and the Commander paid them more for helping him than if they’d remained soldiers.
Antipas shook his head and smiled as he glanced at Zamir, “Please tell me how you met Nikolaos. I know I never introduced you to my former Commander.”
Zamir appeared to relax, “My father introduced us when I became a man, sir.”
Herod stepped toward Zamir, grinning, “A man, you say. When did you turn against me?”
Zamir tensed up, “Nikolaos contacted me after my father died. He explained how he felt you didn’t respect him as a man or as a soldier and how you placed an undue burden on the people you govern. Nikolaos said you stole Temple funds and used them for your personal building projects.”
“And you believed his stories?”
Zamir nodded, “Yes, sir. Nikolaos asked me to help support his goal to see you removed from power by providing money and recruiting my friends to help the Commander in what he called his Noble Purpose.”
The longer the conversation continued between the two, the more animated both men became. Herod’s face turned red as sweat formed on his forehead, though he controlled his temper somewhat and maintained a calm voice. An hour later, Antipas announced, “I’ve heard enough. Guards return these men to their cells. I’ll deal with them tomorrow.”



Chapter 31


Frustrated with Herod’s behavior from yesterday, I asked Kadir to help clarify the Tetrarch’s reasoning, “Why did Antipas stop questioning the prisoners, and why didn’t he sentence Mered, Acaph, and Zamir right then? Why wait?”
“Herod’s behavior can be rather erratic sometimes, Tallis. I learned years ago, don’t question the man’s thinking. It’s not worth your time.”
Our conversation ended when the courtroom door opened. Antipas and his advisors entered. Reaching the Judgement Seat, Herod nodded at a soldier who reopened the door, allowing Acaph, Zamir, and Mered to join us, and stand before the Tetrarch.
Antipas rose from his seat and frowned at his prisoners. Then he ordered a second guard to step forward, and the two men spoke before a smiling Tetrarch returned to his chair, “Please invite our friends to join us.”
I didn’t know what Herod referred to until a soldier opened the door. Gavius entered like he owned the place, followed by ten of his soldiers. The Roman Centurion stepped onto the platform and stood next to Antipas as his troops positioned themselves behind the defendants. Herod’s troops moved against the far wall, standing at attention. With everyone in place, the Tetrarch stood, “Acaph, I find you guilty of desertion, theft of Army weapons, and treason. For these crimes, I sentence you to death.”
Acaph slumped to the floor, lying there like his life had left him. Two Roman guards grabbed his arms and yanked him to his feet, holding Acaph upright, “Mered, I find you guilty of the same charges. I also sentence you to death for your crimes.” Mered trembled and mumbled something I couldn’t hear but maintained his composure. I wasn’t sure if I’d handle the news as Mered did, “Zamir, I can’t tell you how disappointed I am with you. I find you guilty of receiving stolen property and treason against my government, and I sentence you to death also.”
Antipas turned toward his seat when Zamir yelled, “You can’t kill me. I’m a Roman Citizen, and yesterday, I appealed my case to Caesar. You can’t do anything to me.” Herod didn’t respond as Zamir stood there, red-faced, head held high as if he’d won the battle, but his words and behavior didn’t impress anyone.
Herod stepped from his platform and stood, face-to-face, with Zamir, glaring at the arrogant fellow, before speaking in a soft voice, “As I remember, you claimed your mother was a Roman citizen, but I learned Hebrew blood flows through her veins, like your late father. If she’s a Jew, then you are too. So, I will only kill the Jewish part of you. But I don’t plan to execute you or anyone else.” The Tetrarch stepped back and smiled at Zamir, before screaming, “You are a fool, and your attitude disgusts me.” Kadir, several soldiers, and I jumped at the sound of Herod’s voice. Zamir held his tongue.
Antipas stood on his platform, scrutinizing the traitors standing before him, “I am turning you three over to Rome. Gavius and his troops will escort you to a location outside the city walls where a cross awaits each of you. Zamir, Mered, and Acaph, you will serve as examples to everyone traveling along the highway to think before deciding to commit treason or any other crimes against my government or Rome’s. Gavius, take them away. Guards, fetch Ian and Ranan.” Zamir began shouting obscenities as the Roman soldiers dragged the convicted men from our presence.
I turned to Kadir, “I hope Herod doesn’t expect us to witness their executions.”
“Sorry, Tallis. It’s my job to lead everyone to the place where Ian and Ranan will die along with the others. Where I go, you go.”
Rain drenched everyone as we slogged our way across the courtyard. I adjusted adjust my helmet, trying to keep the raindrops out of my eyes. Once Herod’s soldiers arrived with Ranan and Ian, the guards loaded them into the wagon with the others. Kadir and his death squad fell in behind Gavius. I brought up the rear in my new chariot.
Our procession left the fortress and traveled toward the center of Tiberias, parading through the marketplace toward the north gate as the sixth hour arrived. I felt sorry for the condemned, and I reminded myself these men committed serious crimes against Herod’s government. The law says they must pay for their wrongdoings, but I don’t care to watch them die in such a cruel manner.
Gavius halted the caravan five hundred paces beyond the north gate. By the time everyone arrived at our destination, the storm had abated, though I could still hear thunder in the distance, drawing nearer. The winds continued to swirl through the area, making it difficult to control my cape.
Gavius leaped from his chariot and barked out the orders. His troops grabbed their prisoners and threw them to the ground. Zamir and my deserters ended up standing along the highway’s west side, waiting. Four of Kadir’s soldiers seized Ian and Ranan, forcing them to kneel, facing their comrades. A fifth soldier stepped forward and swung his sword. Ian never knew what happened, while Ranan’s eyes bulged from their sockets, his face frozen with fear. A second swing and Ranan joined his deceased friend wherever killers go once their lives on earth end.
My anger didn’t diminish with Ian and Ranan’s deaths. They deserved their fate. To this day, I miss Masa and Kush. They were honorable men and two of the finest soldiers I’d had the privilege to lead.
Zamir screamed and attempted to run as Ian’s head rolled toward him, but the skill lodged in the mud. The faces of Acaph and Mered lost color, and their guttural sounds filled the air. After Ranan lost his head, the remaining three prisoners lost control of their body functions, and fell to the earth, quivering.
Kadir addressed his troops again, and two soldiers walked to the wagon. Each returned carrying a stake, which they drove into the soft soil in front of the condemned. A third soldier retrieved Ian’s head and jammed his skull on the first stake, facing toward those awaiting their demise. Another soldier repeated the process and mounted Ranan’s head on the remaining stake. From my location, I heard Zamir sobbing.
Seconds later, two Roman soldiers grabbed Zamir and slammed him to the ground. He screamed, jerked, and twisted, attempting to break free. Acaph and Mered suffered similar fates before they had their clothes ripped from their bodies. Their screams intensified when nails tore through their flesh and broke bones before penetrating the wood.
I struggled to hold back my tears as I observed this gruesome spectacle. Blood gushed from their wounds. I wanted to run, and I heard my heart pounding in my ears. My body trembled, and my ears ached for the sounds filling the air. Lord, help me! Two Romans grabbed Zamir’s legs, crossed them, and held them together above his ankles, and another soldier drove a spike through both feet, securing them to the post as Zamir’s screams intensified. I wanted to yell “stop,” but couldn’t form the words.
By now, Mered and Acaph suffered their fate. When I looked at Acaph, I discovered he had passed out, which made securing him to his cross easier. Seconds later, the sun broke through the clouds. Thunder rocked the area and lightning danced through the heavens.
Gavius ordered his troops to hoist each cross and drop them into their respective holes before adding stones and dirt to stabilize the pillars, pointing skyward. Over the next hour, the screams of the dying subsided, as their bodies continued to convulse, and breathing became labored.
The Roman Centurion left his troops and join Herod’s officers, “The rains will return soon, Kadir, and what light remains will disappear. With your permission, I will have my men end their suffering.”
Kadir agreed, “Make it fast. We need to leave before someone gets struck by lightning.”
Gavius returned to his troops, but I couldn’t hear their conversation as thunder continued rolling through the area. Three Roman soldiers drew their swords, driving their weapons into the abdomens of each quivering offender. Moments later, the bodies of Acaph, Mered, and Zamir fell limp while what blood remained flowed from their wounds.
I couldn’t watch any longer. I closed my eyes, wishing I was somewhere else. Eighteen more years and I can retire. The next thing I remember, Kadir tapped my shoulder, “Tallis, it’s time to go home. Gavius will post a guard, so nobody steals the remains. We’re finished here.”
As I rode away, I noticed our recent downpour had changed to drizzle. Once again, sun breaks appeared over the western hills. When I reached Hammath, I realized I never wanted to witness another crucifixion.



Chapter 32


A fortress guard stopped Paroh when he reached the north gate, “Good morning. Tallis said he was expecting to meet with you, and he sent me to escort you to his office. It’s been a long time since I’ve seen you, Paroh. How are you?”
“I’m well, Ori. Other than my limp.?”
“He didn’t say. Follow me.”
“Why would Tallis need an office?”
“You didn’t hear? He received a promotion to the rank of Centurion.”
Paroh smiled as he followed the guard across the courtyard toward the administration building, “What happened to Kaleb?”
“Retired. Two weeks ago.” Ori pointed to a stool, “Sit there.”
I caught Paroh studying my office décor when I entered my office, “Good morning.” Paroh jumped at the sound of my voice, “Thank you for coming to visit me.”
“You startled me. I didn’t hear you received another promotion. Congratulations. You have a beautiful office but allow me to ask one question. You don’t owe me any money or need my services, so why am I here?”
I smiled at my friend, “Relax, Paroh. I have a proposal to share with you. Herod promoted me to the rank of Primi Ordines Centurion. Today, I serve as the senior Centurion in Herod’s Army in Galilee. Besides commanding the Century assigned to Tiberias, I’m responsible for recruitment so we can expand our military throughout the entire province. I also provide all our troops with ongoing training.”
Paroh returned my smile, “Impressive, Tallis. Was this because you captured Zamir and his friends?”
“It’s possible, and Kaleb retired. Are you hungry?”
“No, I ate some bread earlier, so I’m good.
“You have a fabulous office, Tallis. It’s larger than my entire house. How will you get your work done surrounded by such luxury? I couldn’t concentrate if I had an office this fancy.”
I walked behind my desk and sat down, “It’s quite a change from patrolling Hammath’s streets all night.”
“Will Herod force you to move to Tiberias? As I recall, you told me Abigail refused to live here after you married.”
“Moving here won’t happen, but I’ll share more with you later. I have some other topics to discuss with you. Let me begin by inviting you and your family to my home two days from now. Our relatives and friends will join us, and you are a loyal friend, Paroh. We intend to eat at the sixth hour. You’re welcome to arrive early.”
“You honor me too much, Tallis. I accept your invitation.”
“Good. Now, I have another item to discuss. Please listen to my offer. With greater responsibilities than Kaleb, I find myself needing an assistant, assuming you can handle working in a beautiful office next to mine. I want to offer you this new position, Paroh. But before you commit, I want to make certain you understand what this job entails. First, you won’t need to travel overnight from home. Second, you will help me organize the recruiting and training processes and keep track of my correspondence. Third, I will pay you sixty dinars each month. Weigh over my offer and tell me what you decide.”
Paroh sat, frozen, on his stool. A blank stare covered his face, which transformed into a grin, “What is there to ponder, Tallis? You know, I’ll accept your offer. Sixty dinars. Soldiers don’t earn this much. What a blessing.” I haven’t seen Paroh this happy in months, “I can’t tell you how pleased my wife will be after I share the news with her. Thank you, Tallis.”
Tears streamed down Paroh’s cheeks, and he lowered his head and whispered, “You save the lives of my family and me.”
I struggled to maintain my composure, knowing what my friend and his family endured for the past two years, “Don’t sit there, smiling. Go home. Tell Ruth you found a job, and I will meet with you first thing tomorrow morning. Thank you for helping me capture Zamir, his friends, and my deserters. We couldn’t have caught them without your help.” Paroh stood and surprised me with a hug. I patted my friends back, reminding him of our upcoming celebration.

      

An hour later, I left the fortress, heading north. There was a second person I needed to thank for helping me capture my enemies. Dodi responded to my knock, “Tallis, what brings you to my home? I was preparing to visit the well and fill my water jug.”
“Good morning, Dodi. May I step inside? I’d like to speak with you.”
Dodi moved aside and opened her door, “Please, come in. I never expected to see your face again since Zamir and his friends are dead. I’m sorry Herod killed them, though. Why did you come to visit me?”
“I’m here to learn how you’re doing. I understand you struggle, and I want to help.”
“What do you mean, struggle? I manage.”
I glanced around her home, “No, you’re not. I don’t believe you, Dodi. Do you own this house?
“I did until I couldn’t pay my taxes, but the owner doesn’t mind if I stay.”
“Does he know you’re still living in his house?”
Dodi smiled, “He hasn’t asked, so I don’t discuss the subject with him.”
Is she telling me the truth? “I’m not surprised. How do you support yourself, besides working for me?”
Dodi’s chin quivered, “I don’t work for you anymore, Tallis. You realize finding a job is difficult for men and impossible for women. I keep searching, though. Do you know any women with jobs beyond their duties to their husbands and families? I’ve never met such a person. Have you?”
“We both understand your chances of finding employment are next to impossible. Let me search for you. I may find a solution to your predicament.”
Tears filled Dodi’s eyes, “Nobody hires women, Tallis. Everyone believes women should marry and bring children into the world. But I don’t have a husband, and no prospects either.”
It took Dodi several minutes to compose herself, and felt my heartbreaking for her, “I suppose the culture we live in discourages women from working anyplace besides in her own home.”
Her tears returned, “Who will marry a woman of my age? I’ll turn nineteen on my next birthday. The women talk behind my back when I visit the well. They say I’m an old maid. I worry, living alone will be my lot in life. I’m cursed, Tallis. Cursed.”
Her tears caused my eyes to tear up, “I’m sorry, Dodi. Like I said, I’ll do what I can, but in the meantime, I am giving you some extra dinars. We’ll call it a gift, a bonus if you prefer. It’s for you helping me keep tabs on Zamir and his associates.”
“But you paid me double what workers earn daily, Tallis.”
“It’s something I want to do. Besides, you need the extra money. I’ll place your bonus on the stool next to your oven, and I will continue to help you whenever I can.”
Dodi stood and turned toward me. Tears ran down her face as she struggled to speak, “Thank you. I never expected your gift.”
I stared at the floor. She’s in a terrible situation, “You’re right, Dodi. But I want to do this.” I saw the relief on her face as she sniffled through her tears, and I decided I wouldn’t allow Dodi to starve, “There’s a second reason I came to visit you. I would like to invite you to our home two days from today. We’ll eat at the sixth hour. You’re welcome to arrive early. I would love to introduce you to my wife, family, and friends, and I won’t take no for an answer. So please honor my request.”
Dodi stammered, “Why would you invite me to your house? I’m not important, and I don’t know where you live.”
“We live in Hammath. Once you enter the north gate, turn left. We live three houses before you reach the tower, and our courtyard door has a fresh coat of red stain. I tired of our home looking like all the others, and you’re wrong, Dodi. Never forget you are somebody.”
“Dodi smiled, “Thank you, Tallis, but what’s the special occasion?”
“We plan to celebrate my promotion, and you played an important role in my success. This is one way I can thank everyone who helped me. Paroh and his family will celebrate with us. In fact, I’ll ask him to visit your house and escort you to our home. I will also introduce you to everyone. You’ll enjoy yourself, Dodi, and I look forward to seeing you.”
“I accept your invitation Tallis. Thank you for including me. You honor me too much.”

      

A soldier stood in the hallway, waiting outside my office door, when I returned to the fortress, “Benson, thank you for meeting with me. I trust you’ve recovered from your stay at Zamir’s country estate.” We both laughed at my humorous comment, “I heard the last time Zamir had a guest, it cost him his life, but speaking of guests, I want you to visit my home in two days. I’m hosting a gathering of friends and family. You know where I live, and I expect you to attend. We will eat at mid-day, but you’re welcome to arrive earlier. There is someone I want to introduce to you. They played an important role in helping me discover where your captors held you, prisoner. I will see you in two days. Dismissed.”

      

I looked forward to the day when I could celebrate my promotion to the rank of Centurion. I realized I’d risen through the ranks faster than anyone else in Herod’s Army. I feared my subordinates would feel jealous of my promotion and superior status. Building relationships takes time and hard work. While I was glad to see Zosimos, I wished my father was still alive to celebrate today with me, “Thank you for coming, brother. Welcome, Ya-el.”
“What’s the special occasion, Tallis?”
“Today, we are celebrating my promotion and spending time with family, friends, and relaxing.”
Zosimos pulled me aside as Ya-el crossed the courtyard to greet Abigail and Odelia, “Thank you for explaining my situation to Herod on my behalf. If you hadn’t, my wife and I would run for the rest of our lives, like Hilarion. He and his friends chased a crazy dream, but they lacked purpose and common sense.”
I draped my arm around my brother’s shoulder, “There’s more news, Zosimos. Herod agreed to honor the agreement you signed with Nikolaos and the Army, though I expect you to contact me if you see Nikolaos or Hilarion again. The Tetrarch plans to chase his former Commander to the ends of the earth. Herod has soldiers searching the areas near Nazareth and Sepphoris as we speak. The men who helped Nikolaos escape will need to cover their tracks until Antipas dies or he captures them. I would encourage you to change your dream of driving Herod from power since he keeps food on your plate.”
Zosimos didn’t respond. Seconds later, everyone present stood around a table covered with food. I glanced around the room and smiled, “Please allow me to thank everyone for visiting our home. It’s an honor to spend time with each of you. Also, Abigail and I will move into a new home Herod promised us. We will live next door to the place where my mother and late father used to live.
“I have one more thing to do before we eat.” I turned to Benson and placed my arm around the man’s shoulders, “I want to welcome this soldier home. Zamir’s men beat and took him prisoner. I’m honored to have him home, and I also saved the best for last. I must also thank Dodi and introduce her to Benson.” I walked over to Dodi, took her hand, and escorted her to my soldier, “This person discovered where Zamir held you captive, Benson. She also recognized the connection between Zamir and our troubles in Hammath. All this led to your rescue. Benson, this is Dodi. Dodi, meet Benson.” I winked at my soldier after making the formal introduction, “Now, allow me to give thanks for our many blessings—”
Abigail moved next to me, rubbed my arm, and smiled, “Tallis, may I interrupt you? I have something important to share with everyone.” My wife gazed into my eyes, making me wonder, “I don’t quite know how to say this, but you’re going to become a father.”
Everyone cheered, and joyous sounds filled the house. I stood there, taking in the moment. Odelia and Nammi hugged Abigail. After I recovered enough to speak, I addressed everyone, “Please allow me to share how surprised and delighted I am to hear my wife’s news. How she kept her pregnancy a secret, I don’t know, but today, I am blessed. With your permission, I would like to pray.”
I paused and glanced around the room, looked at each person, and bowed my head, “Dear God, thank you for loving us, for your goodness, and the many blessings you’ve given everyone visiting our home today. Help me become the man you want me to be as I go forward in life. Protect our friends and families. Watch over us, and I will praise you forever. Amen.
After eating and spending more time conversing with everyone, Abigail approached me, “Tallis, my mother is getting tired, and your friends from Tiberias need to leave so they can return home before nightfall.”
I agreed and asked for permission to speak, “Before everyone departs, I need to say a few words. I apologize for putting this off until the end, but I want to recognize Paroh. He’s agreed to serve as my assistant. You’ve met him and his family earlier. Paroh helped us capture Zamir and the men who ransacked our marketplace while disrupting our peaceful community. I’m honored to have Paroh working with me. Thank you for joining Abigail and me today. Have a safe journey home. Shalom.”
# # #
