




















Copyright 2020 By Festive Media
All rights reserved.
No part of this publication may be reproduced, transmitted, or stored in a retrieval system, in any form or by any means without permission in writing from the copyright holder
Published in Nigeria in 2020 by Festive media 
1 Kudang street, Wuse 2, Abuja, Nigeria.
info@srlimited.net
www.festivemedia.net 
Cover illustrations by Idris Ibrahim
























13 MOONS
















For you, the reader. Enjoy it…

William & Medevor







No part of this publication may be reproduced, transmitted, or stored in a retrieval system, in any form or by any means without permission in writing from the copyright holder	1
Published in Nigeria in 2020 by Festive media 	1
1 Kudang street, Wuse 2, Abuja, Nigeria.	1
info@srlimited.net	1
Cover illustrations by Idris Ibrahim	1
13 MOONS	2
Prologue	5
Chapter One	7
Red Moon Interlude: Part 1 of 6	14
Chapter Two	16
Chapter Three	24
Red Moon Interlude: Part 2 of 6	31
Chapter Four 	33
Chapter Five: Some Rains Ago	43
Red Moon Interlude: Part 3 of 6	50
Chapter Six	51
Chapter Seven 	57
Red Moon Interlude: Part 4 of 6	63
Chapter Eight	64
Chapter Nine 	71
Red Moon Interlude: Part 5 of 6	77
Chapter Ten	79
Red Moon Interlude Part 6 of 6	86
Chapter Eleven: Some Rains Ago	87
Chapter Twelve: Some Rains Ago	94
Chapter Thirteen  	99
Chapter Fourteen	108
CHAPTER 1	119
CHAPTER 2	123
MASTER EFT: THE TRAVELING MONK	138



Prologue

‘Liar! Liar!’
‘Whore!’
‘Kill her! Kill her! Kill her!’ 
Words from her spectators echoed in her mind.

Hoping against hope, she tried to shake herself out of what she desperately wished to be a nightmare. There would be no waking from this. The dirt from the moon cooled earth reminded her of just how real her demise was. And the heat from the crackling bonfire behind her prickled at the back of her ears too. She had seen the execution ritual before, but never in her few rains of life did she imagine that one day, she would be the one on the other end of the machete - under a bright red moon. As a spectator, it was all too easy to be detached - from the reality.
‘We bring before you a liar, a whore, and she is not even one of us, a slave - ohu. What shall we do with her?’ The Executioner raised his machete in the air.
‘Kill her, kill her.’ The crowd echoed.
The Little Girl tried to speak, but with a mouth gagged and muffled with a stone, she just about managed a whimper. She wore her desperation in her eyes but no one cared to read them - not anyone she could see anyway. In this moment, she wanted to be anywhere, anywhere but here; but who wouldn’t? The Executioner proceeded to rip off her worn threading dress for the entire village to see her frail naked frame.
‘Whore.’ A man screamed from the crowd before throwing a rock that connected with her forehead.
At this point, she was too defeated to fight. Her body was weak, her spirit broken. Her ears hushed itself shut with a buzzing sound and her vision blurred to complete obscurity. The Executioner read the charges against her, for the very first time that night. Before he could finish, the crowd cheered even harder for her head. Then as he was about to swing, she raised her head for one last glance. In that moment she experienced a glimpse of clarity, the manifestation of a memory. At first she could only see the hate-filled eyes and hear the bloodthirsty screams. Then a strange silence greeted her ears, and rather than looking at them, she was looking past them.
Even under the red of the sky, some of these faces were familiar. The market woman she occasionally bought plump tomatoes from, the raft paddler that once gave her a free ride across the river, the palm wine tapper - then they all became a haze - just faces. Even before they had heard the charges against her, in their eyes she was already guilty, guilty enough to be executed. This was the nature of justice outside of the law. It didn’t matter that no one was present at her hearing in the Old King’s court. For the most part, they just wanted a spectacle to behold. Her mother had often told her that the wickedness in the hearts of men was actually a symptom of their own unhappiness and lack of fulfilment. It took her head near the blade of a machete to understand what the older woman had tried to impact on her for so many years.
The crowd did not care who she was, what she had done, or if she deserved to die for it. They just wanted a break from their own unbearable lives and if it took her execution to make them feel better off than someone else, then that was exactly what they were going to cheer forth. Before the machete came down, she connected with one little boy in the crowd. He was the only one that seemed to be in shock about the entire drama unfolding before him. When he caught her looking at him, he buried his head. She wondered what he felt; fear, weakness, shame? Were they more of him, lost in the madness, too scared to speak up? What did it matter? Before she could conjure up another thought, she ceased to be. 
Just like that, with the thud of a head, it was all over. The cheers, the whistling, the finger-pointing, the maniacal laughter, all of it. With the swing of a machete, the village Executioner sliced the Little Girl’s head clean off her shoulders before an on-looking crowd of overly excited villagers.






Chapter One

The New Moon, the only night in Eyanka when a full red moon burns alongside a full white moon, was always a time for hope and celebration. If the New Moon brought only few rains, the year would go on to be one of famine and misery. But if it came with rain in abundance, harvests would be bountiful bringing joy and happiness. To call for favour from Ani and Njoku Ji, rulers of nature and harvest, the villagers organized an annual New Moon festival where they would usher in the red moon with sacrifices to the spirits. It was believed that like the sun was the visible eye of a spirit - ruler of the heavens, the red moon was the passing eye of Njoku Ji, a ripe time for supplication for his bounty. 
Huts were empty, streets deserted, but the sound of celebration filled the air. Drums and screams of excitement covered the night as a large bonfire blazed away in the village square. As celebration demanded, calabashes and goatskin pouches were getting emptied of palm wine as fast as they were being filled up. Young maidens danced around the fire and the men cheered them on in between swigs of their drinking horns.
Children gathered in circles to hear great stories from the village elders. Tales of war and history, horrors and mysteries. On this particular night, though much was done to pretend an unlikely tension away, it hung still, in the air - like the foul stench of turning fish. 
‘Oh, this is the night. I pray you all are ready for her vengeance!’ The village Mad Man shouted so loud his voice echoed around the square. ‘It was not in the way of Amadioha to take that life, to claim that chi, and tonight, the darkness shall birth it back to us. Thirteen red moons for thirteen rains, and you have given me only stones for ears. Tonight, I will be vindicated.’ He began to murmur under his breath, his gaze avoiding the eyes.
‘What is he talking about papa?’ A boy no more than nine rains asked. 
‘Pay no mind to the words of a drunkard. What can he know about the will of Amadioha - the spirit of justice.’ The elder dismissed the warning, regarding the words to have ensued from a deluded mind. But there was something firm in the speaker’s tone that caused even the greatest of doubters to pause for thought. The events surrounding the Little Girl’s end was still something for debate within the village. Her death itself was a public affair as were all executions, but what followed remained a mystery. Over the rains, different versions had been told and retold, garnished with a new spin at every turn. The Madman, then a boy, had tried to tell anyone that would listen, what he had seen, what he was told. Dismissed first as the lies of a child because children loved to tell tales, his insistence through the rains had earned him the title, onye ala - Mad Man.
‘I know what I saw and believe it or not, you are all going to pay for the blood of the innocent. She will rise from whence you have buried her, and in her place, she will bury you. Bury us. All of us. She will not stop until justice reigns again. I was told.’
As outlandish as his claims were, the Madman had been peddling the same story since the incident, thirteen rains ago. To the rest of the village, the Little Girl’s headless corpse had simply “disappeared”, from the village square, “vanished”, into thin air. After she was decapitated, in line with the village customs, her head was taken to be buried in the Ingiga Forest. It was believed that evil spirits dwelled and collected chis for the underworld in this forest. Unlike the deep Edo forest that held the mother tree of life and reincarnation, a head buried in Ingiga will never know peace, the chi never returning to the land in rebirth. It was in the same forest outcasts were left in death; executed murderers, suicides, and any death deemed unnatural were buried here - bodies left above ground so as not to taint Ani, the earth. 
On the night of her execution, while the responsible priests took her head towards the forest for the binding rites of her chi to be performed, the villagers continued to drink and dance away under the red New Moon. Before the undertakers could return to dispose of the Little Girl’s body, a rain like none the village had ever seen before broke out with a storm so powerful it left so many huts in ruins. When the calm returned, the village square was as it was, but the Little Girl’s body was nowhere to be found. Since then, all sorts of stories and myths floated around as to how the body came to leave the square when she was clearly dead. Some said so great was the evil in her that as it rained crows, wild dogs, and vultures feasted on her corpse down to the very bones. Some said her body was carried by the great storm straight to the gates of the uwanmo - the underworld. There was even a version that claimed she grew out another head with the power of dark magic and then escaped to another village. Even years after her death, some still reported occasional sightings, usually around the red moon. 
‘You all think I am crazy, but perhaps it is this village that is crazy. I am telling you what I saw. I saw the spirit of a woman emerge to collect the Little Girl’s corpse. She appeared burned like she too had been killed in an execution, maybe even on a New Moon too. On her wrists, I saw marks left by the ropes she had been bound with.’ He motioned to his own wrists.
‘You weren’t even born when this village saw its last burning.’ An old man shouted. 
‘I know what I saw, old man. And tonight I shall be vindicated. Children, just pray to Amadioha that it isn’t one of you she comes for. Oh yes, she is coming. The burnt woman said she would.’ His eyes widened to inspire fear in the heart of the young. ‘Thirteen rains to make our peace is what she gave us. A fair exchange for the life of the innocent we took..’ 
‘Pay him no mind. Only the foolish challenges the words of elders. Now be gone let me teach these children something worth their learning.’
With that last dismissal, he was gone to where he came from, muttering indistinguishable words under his breath.
‘Mad Man.’
‘Isi dada. Dread head.’
The children mocked. 
It wasn’t till the flames of the bonfire reduced to embers that the D’bia, High Priest, made his entrance with the village masquerade. It started with the sound of a powerful drum. At the sound of the first stroke, children broke into a sprint to get off the walk-path and the village square. The adults hurried in their steps, pretending to chase the children to safety while evading the square themselves. The masquerade runner appeared in the midst of the celebration in a frenzied dance, lashing out his koboko whip in the air. Anyone on his path or within the whip’s reach was asking for a good lashing. The drum grew louder as the masquerade got nearer, and soon, other instruments followed. 
The crowd watched the masquerade dance in a mixture of fear and excitement. Children were led to believe a masquerade was a creature in its own right, possessing all sorts of powers; the most frightening being the ability to capture the spirit of whoever looked into their eyes. To avoid this, most of the children refused to look at the masquerades directly, often bowing their heads in their presence to avert a gaze. For the adults, the masked figures weren’t more than costumed dancers carrying out a traditional ritual. They waited in anticipation for the D’bia’s prophecies for the coming rain. On this occasion, he spoke of abundant rain, but he also warned of an approaching darkness in the vaguest of terms. 
‘The sky will give birth to triplets of rain, we are favoured as we have been favoured,’ he paused to study the cowries he had scattered on the floor, ‘hmm, but there is something else, a shadow behind the moon.’
It didn’t matter that he gave the same reading almost every New Moon, and that he had been wrong more than a few times. It was believed that he held the keys to the spirit world where he journeyed to see what remained unseen to mortal eyes. It wasn’t until he had left with the masquerade band that the King and his Queen graced the square for the annual royal parade. As custom demanded, the King was escorted by the entirety of his guards which also formed the largest faction of the village army. After they halted from their march, he ushered the Queen to deliver the annual speech. She was a people’s favourite, soft-spoken, beautiful and elegant. For the occasion, she wore a green patterned wrapper cloth tied over her chest, intricately beaded earrings, a large headscarf, and elephant tusks for bracelets - to show that she was a titled woman. She spoke sweetly of the village’s accomplishments in the past year, praised the High Priest and Army General, and just before she left, she announced one last thing, ‘A seer has foretold of the coming of a prince.’
 The news was greeted with cheer and excitement. The King smiled quietly behind the scene and with a slight nod, he dismissed the parade.  
It was only after the King turned his back on the crowd that the drinking and dancing could continue. In the spirit of more palm wine and louder drums, even the fear that lingered before seemed to have faded. But eventually, the drummers tired and the barrels were empty. By the end of the celebration, the square was deserted save a few sleeping drunkards too weak to find their way home. Silence finally befell the village and not long after, sleep followed.   
The fisherman slept hugging his drinking horn inside his canoe on the shores of the water by the edge of the village. He lived only a few paces away but had a habit of sleeping in his anchored boat for the rocking sensation the water brought. Somewhere between the unconscious state of sleep and conscious state of wakefulness, he found himself trapped in something like a dream but vividly different. There were no words to speak of his demise. A chill, a shadow, the ripping of flesh, pain - the stripping of bones. A demise so painful he wouldn’t wish it on the worst of his enemies.
***
‘He was right, the Mad Man was right!’ The Town Crier banged on his ogene gong shuffling through every street in the village. 
On the village’s shore, the lifeless body of a Fisherman lay in a pool of his own blood. It rested in the boat, slumped and missing a head with what looked like teeth marks around what was left of the neck. Scratches etched deep into the wooden boat and bloodied fingertips told a story of a struggle most couldn’t even begin to imagine. Whatever took him in this manner was neither beast nor man. It was something else. Something dark. His surviving twin sons fearful of a curse refused to even touch his body without a priest. 
‘I guess gold even in the hands of a fool still glitters.’ The Madman was sure to have his last word. It might have taken thirteen rains, of denial, rejection, and mockery - but he had been vindicated. Perhaps next time, is what he thought. Little did he know, the story was only beginning.



















Red Moon Interlude: Part 1 of 6

For the slaves-born and slave-made, the King’s farm was a place of torment and torture. On several occasions there had been stories of assaults, deaths even, but investigations always amounted to nothing. At their best, when it was a slave on a lease, the royal family offered compensation to the owner in the form of cowries or a share in the next harvest; at their worst, they bullied the owner into keeping quiet. After all, of what worth was the life of a slave? To the people of Eyanka, slaves were one of the greatest spoils of war. For the extreme, this meant beings no different from dogs and oxen. Freedom was to be found only in death itself. For the moderates, this meant years of labour for your worth to be recovered with some profit as interest. It was clear what group the royals fell into, but despite this vulgar treatment, most slave owners jumped at the opportunity of renting out their slaves to work for the crown. It was far more profitable than having them in the hut all day performing domestic chores or cultivating small family farms. Because full-grown slaves were too expensive, it was common to buy children, then sell or rent them to the royal family to either join the village army or to live on the farm as labourers when they later matured. Over the years, the slaves had come to be well aware and even acclimatized to their place in the village. For the slave-born, it was the only life they had ever known, they couldn’t even imagine what it meant to be free. For the slave-made, there was always an adjustment period, but eventually, everyone broke. The battle between how one saw their self and how the rest of the world saw them was hardly ever won by the self. In time, most yielded to accept the place given to them through the eyes of others. It was no different in Eyanka, and for a thirteen-year-old girl enslaved as early as when she was only five, there was only one way she knew to see herself; as a slave girl.





Chapter Two

Again, it was that time of the year. This time, nothing felt the same. On the last New Moon festival, there was only a whiff of tension in the air, this time, you could cut it with a knife. There was something about not knowing who was going to make it through the night that left even the calmest of men in unease. The gory sight in the fisherman’s boat did not help either, and the village Madman had gone from the community lunatic to a treasured vault of wisdom. Close to the New Moon, he had been invited to the King’s court to advise the royal circle of how best to deal with the situation. 
‘Your Highness and the court, I can tell you nothing but what I saw and heard on that fateful night.’ He sipped out of the drinking horn. He had not been granted a listening ear in so long and in many ways he had become used that life. The sudden appearance of an audience for his gospel made him feel somewhat uneasy, especially considering that he had no idea what they were asking of him.
‘I saw the body of a woman approach the village square in the rain. Her flesh appeared burnt, her eyes empty. She carried the Little Girl’s body and walked away. But not before she spoke to me. She said that we would know thirteen rains of peace for every rain the girl had lived, and after that, we would know the true meaning of fear and vengeance until the balance of justice was restored in the land.’ 
‘Did she say that some of us would be spared? Is anyone safe?’ One of the elders asked. 
‘She said not even the unborn, man, woman or goat. She said that when all the flesh is gone, the trees too will be consumed.’
A chill rattled the table of aged bones as they sat as clueless as newborns, eyes darting frantically with no aim to rest. 
‘Did she mention how this justice is to be restored? What does she want? Gold? Cowries? A life in return? Has she not already taken one?’ One of the elders asked. 
‘I am afraid this is all I can tell you.’ He sipped some more wine.
‘Nonsense! All of this is nonsense! When did we lose our spines in this village? I say we prepare for her next time. Fight it fire for fire.’ The Executioner who was now the general in the village army barked. 
Murmurs of agreement wrapped in fear covered the court. The suggestion was in line with the Eyanka way of doing things. When one couldn’t think or didn’t want to, there was always the option of reaching for the blade.
‘I believe an attack will only anger the spirit. One does not fight a fire by throwing in more firewood. Perhaps there are other ways besides the way of war.’ the Madman said. 
‘So what are you suggesting? That we sit with our hands crossed and prepare some words of appeasement for this vile beast?’ The Executioner shot back. 
The Madman wanted to suggest a surrender of the crown and an apology from the village. After all, it was them that mocked her in her hour of need as the crown sent her to an unjust death. The words were at the tip of his tongue, but fear for his life would not let them escape. He wondered how many others were of the same opinion but would never dare to mention. How many on the night she was executed would have voted against it. He hated himself for not being able to speak what he believed to be the truth, and he hated the village and their ways that tied his tongue. One too many times, his father had tried to teach him that truth was not true until it was spoken. It was his heeding of this lesson as early as five rains that caused him to stand by his story and it hadn’t exactly paid off. Even as he had been vindicated, he was almost twenty rains with not a farm or wife to his name. His family had deserted him and for so long no one wanted anything to do with him save a few brave children fascinated by his drunken rants. He wasn’t about to throw away his newfound acceptance over his principles, not for another thirteen rains, not for another thirteen breaths. He felt like a coward, but he had come to believe glory was not always the reward of a hero. Against the King, he picked silence over truth. 
The villagers tried to pretend away their anxiety dancing and drinking the night away, but there was only how loud the drums could rise on a night like this. All of a sudden, the High Priest’s arrival and the annual prophecy was a secondary moment of anticipation. For the most part, people just wanted to be back in their huts with their doors locked and guarded. 
In an attempt to calm the people’s nerves, the King ensured the village army posted men all around on the lookout. Their presence did soothe the tension a little bit, but after the last incident, nothing could really make the people feel normal until the wandering spirit was captured or appeased. 
‘I know some of you are afraid,’ the King started with a speech, ‘but let us not forget who we are. We are the proud people of Eyanka and we will not cower for man or spirit.’  
‘Ehen.’ A planted man shouted from the crowd. 
The King carried on with words of promises and assurances punctuated by the occasional planned words of agreement from the crowd. Before his speech, the masquerade had been ushered in and as usual, the High Priest gave his readings of good rain and approaching doom. Only this time it didn’t require much of an imagination to picture what this doom meant to the village. 
As soon as the King was gone, the villagers began to disperse back to their homes in anticipation of what started to feel like a reaping. In small clusters, talks of the King’s hand in the Little Girl’s execution came up in hushed tones, but no one dared to speak up. There was something about such truths that made people uneasy to speak out. Hardly did they stop to think that their silence in itself was a language, that choosing to say nothing was saying something in itself. 
At last, silence befell the village; but darkness would not follow. So many homes refused to put out the night fires for fear of shadows and the redness they grew in. On this night, the Executioner decided to join his men on watch. Regardless of what everyone else said, he believed the attack on the Fisherman to have been the work of some vile beast. The idea of a spirit child decapitating the Fisherman was to him a childish tale. The unfortunate coincidence with a Madman’s fabrication was just that, an unfortunate coincidence. It angered him to think that the entire village was giving in to what he saw to be blatant superstition. 
As the night passed, all eyes remained fixated on the full red moon, eagerly anticipating its disappearance with the light of day. The soldiers listened to the hooting of owls and the croaks of frogs hoping to hear something out of the ordinary. It came in the form of rain and somehow they knew this was far from a blessing from Ani or Njoku Ji. It was frightening enough watching for a spirit walker with a red moon for a lamp, the arrival of rain no matter how light did not help. 
They watched and they waited. They waited, and they watched. Tired, the Executioner excused himself from this station to ease his bowels. He had considered easing himself right there, in the middle of the street, but that was when only his bladder pressed. Now, he needed a chamber pot. He excused himself to the back of a nearby hut where he was away from sight but still within earshot. He didn’t have a chamber pot so he dug a hole in the ground. After a look over his shoulders and sighting some ede leaves for wiping, he proceeded to the pushing as fast as he could help it. He was halfway through when things began to take a different turn.
At first, he was confused as to what was happening. All of a sudden it was as if a fog had come down impairing his vision. He shook his head and rubbed his eyes. The fog only grew thicker and colder causing goosebumps to rise on his skin. 
‘Ey, Eyy! Can you see this?’ He called out to the other watchers. 
There was no reply. Instinctively, he pulled up trousers and then he reached for his machete. There was no one to swing at. His eyes darted in every direction. He saw nothing. This had to be all in his mind. He willed his spirit to break the spell but somehow he knew he was only grasping at straws. The Executioner fought hard against it, but a tremble found his legs, and his hands shook too. He should have stayed with the others at the station. It was too late for regrets now. 
The figure of a headless Little Girl appeared in the midst of the fog, her head clutched by the hair with eyes blazing like lamps that lighted her way. Her steps were slow but purposeful. He tightened his grip on the machete against the instinct to run away. Unfazed by his battle stance she continued to approach, in slow deliberate steps. When she was at arm’s reach, he took his first swing. As if her entire body was conjured out of the mist she travelled in, his machete went straight through her without the slightest of resistance. He swung again, and then again. She bent down and placed her head at his feet, as if to present it for something. Then she waited. Her exposed neck facing him as if eyes stared from it. He hacked at her, the torso; and he hacked at the head too. All to no avail. In the fog, more figures of headless little girls appeared accompanied by a wailing sound that felt like it blared from inside his head. 
He dropped the machete to cover his ears in hope of drowning out the noise that had translated into physical and excruciating pain. Pain so deep it forced him down on his knees in agony. He screamed, he wailed; but as if trapped in a vacuum by her magic, no one seemed to be able to hear him. On the palm of his hands he began to feel the warmth of something; liquid. 
‘No, no...no!’ 
He examined his palms to realize they were covered in blood. That was when he felt the coldness on his shoulder. To her touch, his body responded with complete paralysis giving in to her every control. He struggled with every fibre in his being but at most he could only afford to clench his muscles and grit his teeth - his eyes would not even blink. Stuck, he watched her reattach her head to her body, the click of her spine letting him know that she was material and real. She reached for him and he felt a wetness at the back of his ears, like the tongue of something hungry marking him for dinner. 
‘Shouldn’t he be back by now?’ One of the watchers asked. The man the Executioner had left in charge ordered two other men to go and checkup on him.
When they arrived, for a second, they stood in a trance, taking in the horror that unfolded right before their eyes. The headless Little Girl turned to face them, like an animal briefly distracted from its feeding. With yellow snake-like eyes on her head and teeth as sharp as knives dripping in red - the men hesitated where they stood. Completely uninterested by their interruption, she turned back to the business of chewing, gripping hard on his hair to hold him steady as he twitched. 
As his body shook convulsively with each bite, they knew there was no saving the Executioner. But they had to do something, they had to at least fight. Sickened from the sound of teeth tearing through flesh, they blew their battle horn before proceeding with an attempt to attack. They could only hope help arrived sooner than later. When they were close enough, together, they rained down strokes of their blades with as much power as they could muster. Through it all, she remained unconcerned, preoccupied with the head that was only a few bites away from complete severance. She wouldn’t even as much as give a twitch from the force of their attacks. They considered pulling her away but no one dared to touch her. Even when help arrived, they only carried on swinging as hard as they could. All efforts futile, like the whipping of an already dead ox.
When she was done chewing, she ripped the head off the skeletal socket with beastly strength and held it by the hair. The attackers retreated in fear, watching her closely. She turned to them then stood motionless with the Executioner’s head in her hand like a trophy she had won. 
‘What do you want?’ One of the men managed after fighting a stutter. 
Without as much as a word, she turned around and began to walk away. Right before their eyes, she walked into the mud wall of the hut the Executioner had dug a hole by. It was the last they saw of her; at least for the night they lost the Executioner.      






























Chapter Three

The events of the last New Moon definitely silenced all the naysayers. For the witnesses, it was a horror like none they ever could have imagined. They had each lived to tell the tale a thousand times over, and not once did they recollect the details without it sending a shudder down their spine, a prickle around their neck. In Eyanka where they say that the lion seen by only two eyes could be a goat, the story would have bordered on superstition if the accounts were not consistent from multiple witnesses. It was yet again another New Moon festival, but with all that had happened, the spirit of festivity was all but dead. A few that could afford it travelled leaving the festival scantier than it usually was. For most though, home was a place where the feet had roots. 
The King tried to maintain a sense of calm and normalcy, but no amount of free palm wine could clear the air. Through the bonfire and the wild beating of drums, the stench of impending death hung - its strong stench floating in every direction; through the huts and the streets. Who would it be this time? 
While the rest of the village was distracted by the pretence of celebration, the King met with his council.  
‘She cannot be killed by our blades.’ said one of the counsels.
‘Perhaps we can capture her with fishing nets?’ another suggested.
‘The witnesses said she walked right through the walls of a hut and disappeared into nothing. I don’t think we can catch her with fishing nets.’
‘We are all doomed, we are all doomed.’ One man blurted in panic. 
‘Silence!’ barked the King.
The room fell quiet. All this time the King had been waiting for the High Priest to speak but he had said nothing. 
‘D’bia,’ he addressed him by title, ‘what do you suggest we do? Or are you not the man to speak on matters of the worlds beyond?’
The High Priest cleared his throat as he tried to gather his thoughts. He would have confessed to being as clueless as the next man in the room, but at a time like this, voicing his helplessness was not an option. Of what use would he be to the King and the village if he declared himself impotent in the face of such spirits. It was a burden of expectation every priest had to carry. As far as everyone was concerned, he was in direct communication with realms beyond where he could access powers most could only imagine.
‘We must…’
‘He has nothing to offer! We cannot trust anything he says.’ the new General appointed to replace the role filled by the once Executioner cut in. 
‘Silence, let him speak.’ The King commanded. 
The High Priest avoided the new General’s eyes as he spoke. The General was not one to trust anything he could not verify for himself. He was the type of man that would smell the rain but must stick a hand out the window to be sure. In his opinion, the words of the High Priest were no more than figments of the man’s own imagination - a sort of con the people wanted to buy into. He watched him, with furrowed brows and a flaring nose. 
‘I have already prepared ten charms that will make her susceptible to your machetes. You only need to strike her once and death will surely follow.’
‘And how are we supposed to find her in the first place?’ a councilman asked. 
‘I suppose you expect us to march right into the forest.’ The General said. 
The High Priest said nothing.
The King sat in silence, deliberating the matter before him. After the death of the Executioner and former General, he couldn’t shake the feeling of something dark encroaching on his doorstep. He wasn’t sure how conscious the red moon reaper was, but if she had come for her executioner, surely, she wasn’t just out to kill at random. There was something calculated about her method and that meant he had to be somewhere on her list. From his deductions, if not anything else, he had to stop her from entering the village. That was his priority. If it meant sending his warriors into the Ingiga Forest, then so be it. 
‘General, you will take the charm from the High Priest and you will lead the charge into the forest. We must get to her before she gets to us.’ 
The General sought the gaze of the Priest but it was not forthcoming. 
‘With all due respect my King, we don’t even know if these charms will work.’ he protested. 
‘Do you doubt the power of the spirits? The ones that have kept you and your forefathers before you.’ the High Priest countered. 
‘Perhaps, you will not mind coming along with us then. You will stay right by my side and I will guarantee your safety. Not unless she remains impervious to the strike from my iron.’
All eyes were now on the High Priest. It was time for him to prove himself. 
‘Very well then, have it your way.’ the High Priest accepted. He trembled with fear deep in his bones, but he would be dead before the people that believed in him could see him rattled. The King rose from his throne. 
‘Then it is decided. I am counting on you,’ he moved his eyes to the General and then the High Priest, ‘both of you.’ 
Without another word the King and his personal guards left the council meeting and everyone else followed. Before the General made his way out, he stopped by the High Priest. 
‘For your sake, I hope the spirits are in your favour. Because if you are wrong about this, I will kill you long before she gets the chance to. I promise you this.’      
When what passed as the celebration was over, silence befell the village. The streets were barren to even the presence of livestock. All the men slept on the doorsteps inside their hut in their bid to protect their family. Most didn’t even sleep at all but stayed up with whatever weapon they could fashion. Of course, the stories held that steel was of no consequence to the red moon nightmare, but the alternative of waiting empty-handed was not an option for most. At the very least, they wanted to die fighting. 
The High Priest, true to this word, did have an assortment of charm bracelets prepared for a ten-man team. They were made of thread and held beads of polished stones and little bones.
‘I guess one of you will have to stay back. There is only enough for ten and the High Priest is coming with us on this one.’ The General smiled at the priest. The fear of death was apparent in his eyes and how they shook. He tried to hide it, but the General had seen that fear too many times to miss it. 
‘Is there a problem, High Priest?’ the General inquired. 
‘You should learn to watch your tongue, General.’ The Priest cautioned.
‘You have nothing to worry about. If this works, I will reverend you as long as there is breath in my body, and blood in my veins. To me, you will be D’bia negbu nmo one na Eyanka. Spirit hunter, first of his line. ’ 
The High Priest proceeded to hand out the charms before putting one on himself. 
‘We have nothing to fear. We must only make sure we strike first.’ The High Priest said. 
The General grabbed a sheathed blade from his horse and handed it to the High Priest. 
‘Hopefully, you won’t need this, but then again, you never know.’ The General turned to his men.
‘Let’s go,’ he pointed at the soldier without a charm, ‘actually you will come with us, but stay outside the forest. If things start to go wrong, you will sound the horn as an alarm.’  
‘How will I know if things are going wrong?’ he asked.
‘Even the deaf does not have to be warned of death when war breaks out. I hope your weapons are all lined with ogbunani poison, we are trying to kill this ajo-nmo, not hunt it down alive for food.’
***
The forest was strangely cold and misty all year round. The croaks of frogs and hooting of owls broke the silence with the occasional rustle of leaves as bats flew in and out in search of fruits to eat. 
‘No matter what happens, we do not break formation.’ The General said. The group of nine formed a circle with their backs to each other. It was the only way of making sure they had eyes in every direction at all times. The High Priest was allowed to stay in the centre for his own safety. The flames from their oil torches couldn’t reach too far, but it was better than nothing under the red sky. 
‘Ahhh, my…’ the soldier never got to finish his sentence. Before they could turn around to see what had caused him to scream, he was gone. 
‘Where did he go? Where...’ One soldier was asking, and then he was not. A strange darkness had found their eyes, and even with oil torches burning; they saw the fire, but not the light. Terrified, paranoia began to set in. The feeling of something crawling on the skin, a worm, a snake - a strange wrapping as the darkness grew from the edges of their vision; biting what light was left and pushing them into oblivion. 
‘Focus, close your eyes. Focus.’ The General barked. 
His swung their gaze to every conceivable corner of the forest but found nothing. Only growing blackness. Thick and deep growing blackness. 
‘She’s in the…’
She took another body. 
At this point, the panic had tipped the scales of fear and they broke out of formation. The soldiers broke rank and began to swing their machete aimlessly, waving around their torches in search of the unseen enemy. 
 	‘She’s in the ground!’ One yelled as he sunk into a hole that swallowed his leg. 
The warriors frantically stabbed the earth with their blades, but their efforts did less than little. After the initial wave of panic was over, they settled into their fears and readied their mind for the worst. The darkness appeared to have been ebbing too.
An eruption from the ground revealed the first soldier’s head shooting it out of the earth in a violent eruption. Soon after, another exposed what was left of his corpse. The chilling signature bite marks were evident on the neck and the moon brought a shine to the blood. No one wanted to say it for fear of shame in the face of battle, but they all knew there was no escaping this forest, not if they tried to fight anyway. 
‘She knows we have this charm. She won’t even let us hit…’
And just like that, they laid eyes on her for the first time. Her appearance was so sudden it couldn’t have been possible if she did not materialize from thin air. She stood with the stillness of a scarecrow on a windless farm, her head cuddled in her hand like a gift. Without a word, she laid it on the ground - as if an offering to the Priest. The men paused for a breath, eyes looking to the Priest as if to urge him towards something. The General counted the dead. 
‘Retreat, retreat, now!’ 
They ran and she followed; just after picking up her head and attaching it to her neck. Like a shape-shifting mass of darkness, she moved to the High Priest and buried her jagged teeth in his right arm. The General standing right next to them swung at her with all he had, scoring directly on the side of her neck. She turned to him, briefly unclenching from her prey. It was enough time for the General to grab him and make a run for it. He would have the rest of his life to deal with the nightmares her snake-like face had burned into his mind.
	‘Retreat, retreat!’  
It was only when they made it out that they realized the watcher was already dead, and trusting the High Priest was a mistake they would not be making again. A strike he said would kill her. One strike. The General had given his swing his everything - it had not even broken her skin.  

Red Moon Interlude: Part 2 of 6

It was the New Moon festival for the village, but for the slaves, it was business as usual. Now that the rain was near, having them drinking and dancing in the village square was out of the question. The slaveowners couldn’t have them waking up weak from the palm wine when it was time to get sowing. While the rest of the village celebrated, the slaves passed the night in their quarters with only an increased ration of cassava for the festivities. The Little Girl was playing her usual role as quarter’s jest. On this occasion she was impersonating the Prince in his signature pompous manner. She had her chest stuck out to mimic his protruding posture while walking in the manliest gait she could muster. 
‘Slave, now, to my room...’ she waited for laughter to ensue but instead, she was greeted with silence. 
‘Are you deaf?’ she pointed at her right ear, ‘I said, to my room, now!’ the silence only deepened. It was at this moment she knew something was wrong. From the frozen looks on their faces, she didn’t have to turn around to realize someone was standing behind her, someone that would not have found any of this funny. Someone the slaves were too afraid of to be caught laughing around. There was only one person it could be. Her heart sank.
‘So you are the funny one?’










Chapter Four 

The events of the last New Moon had definitely left a bitter taste in the General’s mouth. So bitter that he had considered killing the High Priest on many a night. Now that the disgraced priest roamed the streets in tattered robes, nobody would have missed him. On making his report to the King, the General was all but short of insulting the throne. After all, it was the King’s fault that they were all in this to start with. If not for his actions so many rains ago as a prince, the Little Girl would still be alive and the village would have been safe. Surely this man was not fit to be any kind of king - certainly not the priest-king title of Eze he wore. But there he was, sat on the throne, being revered by a people frightened into cooperative silence. 
‘I have fought many battles, but none like this,’ he looked at the other men who had buried their heads in shame. ‘I am not a coward my King, but this spirit, this beast, this thing, it isn’t like anything we have ever encountered.’ 
The King sighed as he tried to hide his fears. 
‘So what are you suggesting we do? That we wait behind closed doors every New Moon praying death wouldn’t knock for our lives?’ the King asked. 
‘I think we need to find out what she wants and give it to her. It will be in line with the old adage of a bad spirit being more pleasant than a bad person - because spirits are only after what they are owed but men are insatiable.’
This was the closest the General could get to telling the King that maybe the village should hand him over to the girl as a peace offering. 
‘And what do you think she wants?’ the King asked. 
The General said nothing. 
‘Whose side are you on General?’ the King asked.
‘By your side my King.’ The words went down the General’s throat like bitter medicine. 
‘Good, you are dismissed. I will summon the council later to think up a solution. My people will not live in fear for the rest of our days.’
The General bowed to the King and the other soldiers followed.
‘We already live in fear of you.’ The General muttered under his breath.   
When the General and his men left, the King found himself shaking. Of course, no one dared to speak it, but he knew everyone believed it was him the Little Girl was after. It was only a matter of time before a rebellion manifested. And this new General; a thorn in his side if he had ever had one. The man was disciplined beyond reason. He did not drink and was notoriously faithful to his wife. The integrity he carried himself with was one that couldn’t be bought with silver or gold, cowries were out of the question. And to top it all off, he was widely loved by the people. He wasn’t the kind of man you could just make disappear and expect life in Eyanka to carry on as normal. Not when people already harboured feelings of resentment waiting to be ignited. 
Initially, the King had not wanted to make him the General. In fact, he had denied him the position before. But with all that was happening, he felt like it would please the people to see him in charge. They would feel somewhat safer with him leading the warriors. Now he was wondering if it was worth the gamble. The new General was not submissive in the way that a soldier should be, and with the love the army had for him, he only needed to say the word and they would march; maybe even against their King. Something had to be done, and it had to be done fast. 
‘Slave! Fetch me some wine.’ The King commanded. A scrawny looking boy ran off to see to the King’s thirst and returned with a goatskin bag full of palm wine.   
‘You didn’t bring a drinking horn?’ He slapped the boy across the face causing him to fall to the ground with the bag spilling its content all over the sheepskin carpet. 
‘I should have you killed for this.’ And that is when it hit him. ‘Now go my fetch my drinking horn. You have been somewhat useful.’
***
The King sat on his throne in baffling nonchalance considering the circumstance at hand. The councilmen weren’t sure what to make of it but they figured he had probably thought up some type of solution to the problem. The General, in particular, was sceptical about this. From his deductions, the King was not one to be relied on for wisdom. He hoped to be proved wrong on this occasion.
After they all bowed to him and took their respective seats, the King decided to kick off the meeting with his agenda. 
‘Following the brave raid undertaken by our able General and some men on last New Moon, I have been thinking of how best to ward off this evil from our land.’
At this point, the council was listening with perked ears almost holding their breath in suspense. 
‘At first, I thought we needed a bigger army, maybe stronger priests and shamans. But then that would be just another gamble exposing our people to unnecessary bloodshed. I stayed up many a night thinking of how we could make sure this beast never left the forest and then it came to me.’ 
The General was not a fan of unnecessary rhetoric. He had to restrain himself from losing his temper. 
‘If she was satisfied with four heads in the forest, I thought perhaps we can offer her…’ he paused for attention, ‘sacrifices.’
At the mention of the last word, a chill swept through the room. For the briefest of moments, some councilmen had imagined the King intended to use them to appease the Oji. Oji, The Black, was the name given to the creature of the New Moon by the children of Eyanka, and for the most part, it has stuck with everyone. The General cleared his throat to make his intention to speak known.
‘How do we intend to find these sacrifices? I don’t think anyone would volunteer for this position. Certainly not four people.’
The council murmured in agreement.
‘Perhaps we can use the elderly?’ one councilman suggested.
‘Yes, and perhaps when you are older it would be your turn.’ another added. 
‘Fools,’ the King barked, ‘do you think so little of me to imagine I would even consider serving our elders to this Oji?’ the room fell silent. 
‘We have criminals and slaves. Their lives are worth nothing or a few cowries. For the criminals, they get the opportunity to be of service to the village in their death - their families will be honoured with name and cowry. As for the slaves, their owners will be compensated with a fine sum. All for this show your hands.’ The King raised his hand. 
The General was taken aback by the King’s decision to pass a vote. It was not unheard of that Kings sought the council’s votes on some issues, but not this King. It was at this point that the General realized the King was afraid. The smell of rebellion must have tickled his nostrils. He was trying to involve the council in his decision only to make them feel like they played some sort of role in running the village. It was also a way of checking who was on his side. 
As soon as the King’s hand was in the air, the rest of the council followed; everyone but the General. He couldn’t understand the kind of fear that motivated these men to be so obedient. Was it the fear of the King? Or perhaps, the fear of the Oji? Maybe it had nothing at all to do with fear and everything to do with greed. After all, these men had no real vocation besides bowing to the King, it only seemed right that they licked the hand that fed them. 
‘General, do you have a problem?’ the King asked. 
The General looked around the room where all eyes now rested on him. He stood up to address them. 
‘I’m sorry, but something about this arrangement pricks at my conscience. It does not sit right with my chi.’  
‘Perhaps you will like to share this with the council.’ the King said. 
‘These criminals, these slaves, are still men, women, human.’
It was the first time anyone had ever pronounced slaves and criminals equal to the free in Eyanka. To everyone else, they were sub-humans, animals - chattel. 
‘You compare the life of a slave to that of a freeborn? You compare tainted chi of abominators to the faithful children of Amadioha? You see the righteous and say that the incestuous, eaters of forbidden fruits, cannibals, and such, are the same?’ the King asked. 
‘Eventually, as slaves die, so do Kings, and breakers of sacred laws. That is enough for me. But I understand. This council has to do what it must do. I just wanted to be on the record disagreeing with it.’ He sat down. 
The King was growing tired of his General’s insolence, but he couldn’t have him killed for sharing his opinion. Disagreements like these were a risk that came with attempting to be democratic.
‘Well, unless one man claims to be wiser than the entire council, I am afraid we will have to carry on with this plan.’ 
The General wanted to point out that this wouldn’t be the first time one person was right about something everyone else was wrong about, referencing the Mad Man. He decided against it. He could already sense the King’s anger. The last thing he wanted was to stoke the flames that already raged.
***
And so it was another New Moon and as had become customary in Eyanka, the air was filled with tension and palm wine. The King confident in his newfound strategy decided to make some announcements on this occasion. He waited until the end of the masquerade dance and through some vague words from a new High Priest before he took to the floor. 
‘I know some of you are worried, afraid.’ He paused to gaze at the onlooking crowd. He could sense their apprehension. ‘Tonight you can sleep with your doors open. In fact, the palace gates will be left open for whoever seeks refuge.’
Sounds of excitement broke out in the crowd. 
‘Long-lived Eze ka Eze.’
‘Our King is the greatest.’
‘In all the Midlands and beyond.’ 
The King smiled ‘Quiet now, quiet now. As we speak, our brave warriors are readying sacrifices to please the Oji. I assure you, we have nothing to fear.’ 
‘We love our King.’ A voice boomed from the crowd.
It didn’t matter that it was the King’s action that had led them down this path in the first place. No one even cared how he planned to get them out of it. All that mattered was that he had a plan to save them.
‘To celebrate our victory in advance, I am opening barrels of liquor you have never tasted before.’
As he spoke, men began rolling out barrels of what smelled like rum.
‘But I must confess; I have not been completely forthright with you this evening.’
Silence ensued. 
‘Some of you might have been wondering where my Queen has been for a few moons now.’
The crowd began to talk amongst themselves in hushed tones as the Queen made her way to her husband’s side. 
‘Wooooo…wooooo’ the crowd was ecstatic with excitement.
‘We want a prince!’
‘The gods have spoken, it is a prince.’ 
It was no news that the King was nervous about producing an heir. Every time one of his wives was pregnant he made all sorts of supplications to the gods. Each time, they delivered only daughters. The declaration that the child would be male made him uncomfortable. One too many times his hopes of an heir had been dashed, but he wasn’t about to steal the crowd’s excitement. This wasn’t just any pregnant wife. This was his first wife, his Queen.
The night carried on with merriment and lifted spirits in the village square while in the Ingiga Forest, soldiers escorted three criminals and a slave born child under the General’s orders. He did not particularly like the idea. Had the King learned nothing by participating in the murder of a slave child? But what could he do? Disobeying the King and going against the council was tantamount to treason. For a King he believed to already want him gone, presenting such an opportunity would be beyond reckless. 
Over the faint sounds of drums and horns, the General watched the scapegoats get tied to tree trunks against their will. Their frantic thrashing and muffled cries pierced his heart, but he couldn’t as much as let the other soldiers sense his weakness. He looked around the forest and wondered if the Oji was already around. He imagined her hovering somewhere, watching them intently. When the job was done, the General led the men back into the village. Now, all they could do was wait. 
***
Morning came with the usual drag that followed nights of celebration. For assurances, most people that managed to be the first awake took a headcount to be sure the Oji had not paid them a visit through the night. For the General, it had been near enough a sleepless night as he watched over his wife and their beloved daughter. Even when morning came without incident, he kept waiting for the town crier to bring the worst of news. There was either nothing to report or the man was still deep in a drunken slumber. 
The best part of the morning passed to make way for midday and still, there was no reported incident. Perhaps the King was right about this one, even if it was at the cost of some life. The General decided to go into the forest to inspect the trees. It was the only way to be sure. On his arrival, he was greeted to a set of bare trees without the slightest trace of blood or even a violent struggle. He wasn’t sure what to make of it. He went ahead to gather the loose ropes as evidence to return with. That was when things took a turn, a turn for the worse.
The ear-piercing cry of the unmistakable elephant horn echoed through the forest. From the direction it had travelled from, the General knew something had happened in the village. He dropped the ropes and began to sprint back home to check on his family. 
‘Ewooooh….’ The Queen’s maid screamed at the top of her voice. 
On the soft feather bed, the Queen lay headless, her belly slit open - exposing what was unmistakably an infant boy. His head also missing. It was a sight like nothing she had ever seen before. The guards stared in absolute shock and horror. How could this have happened? They were certain nothing had entered or left the room the entire time. They had all the entrances and exits covered. Surely, the King would have their head for this. They were already as good as dead.     

























Chapter Five: Some Rains Ago

Eyanka was not respected throughout the Midlands without reason. As a military force, their reputation had come to spread like wildfire across all corners of the land. The short-sighted measured their power in terms of their strength in numbers, training, and tactics. Those that knew better were aware of Eyanka’s post-war strategy. After the successful raid of a village, they made it a priority to round up what they regarded as the heart of the people. Healers, scholars, military strategists, priests and priestesses, and other such figures were brought back to Eyanka where they were mined for whatever knowledge could be of use to the village. 
Some of the captives had come to settle into Eyanka and even made a home out of it. Of course, they had to swear their fealty to the King and pay extra taxes in exchange for their relative freedom. For them, it was better than living as prisoners in confinement or a slave in servitude. Over the years, the village had flourished with these captured foreigners bringing knowledge previously undiscovered by the people of Eyanka. From the arts to mysticism, astrology, and science, foreign cultures had been a huge source of contribution, but it was not without its challenges. 
Of all the affected areas, spirituality appeared to be the most worrisome for the priests of Eyanka. The influx of foreign priests, priestesses and shamans, was slowly eroding the stronghold of Eyankan indigenous spirits. It started as harmless experimentation by a brave few, but soon, a concerning amount of Eyankans were beginning to pay homage to foreign deities. This meant a fall in the banquet of the domestic shrines and bad news for the serving priests. The High Priest was not pleased with this. It was only a matter of time before Eyankans began to shun the ways of their domestic gods in favour of these new gods and he couldn’t let that happen. All it took was one King to be won over by a seductive priestess that could push him into changing the traditional divination system. It was a threat far too great to be left unresolved. After much contemplation on how best to approach the matter, the High Priest came up with an idea perfect for the time. What better way to convince people to do things they would normally question than presenting it as a solution to their problems. The problem in Eyanka at the time was famine due to an unexpected drought through the raining season. The High Priest knew just what to say in the next council meeting.    
***
‘If this drought carries on for one more season, we are doomed. It doesn’t matter how many slave hands we can get, they can only sow, the spirits must nurture.’ One councilman said.
‘We can have them fetch water from the stream.’ 
‘We don’t have enough slaves in this village to plant, water, weed, and harvest. We will need to go to yet another war to acquire more.’
And so the discussion continued with suggestions, counter-suggestions and debates over how convenient the thought of war was. 
‘Priest, have you got nothing to say on this matter? What have the spirits revealed to you?’ The Old King asked. 
The High Priest was young and more ambitious in those days. Hailed as a prodigy of prophecies, he had succeeded his father after predicting the old man’s death with frightening accuracy. If he did not get a pass as a prophet, some would have suspected he had even orchestrated the passing of his father; or maybe they planned it to keep the title of High Priest in the family. Since his father’s death, his voice had been the sound absolute truth to the ears of every believer. The royal council was no exception. 
‘The rain will not come because the spirits are upset,’ he paused to garner the attention of the room. They responded with absolute silence. 
‘We have grown fat from our spoils, and arrogant from our knowledge. The people of Eyanka now pay tribute to carvings fashioned from foreign trees, rooted in foreign soil.’ He turned and spat on the ground ‘we curse our grounds, and wonder why it holds fruit from our bellies. We shame our forefathers as we shame ourselves.’ 
He could tell his ploy was working. It was apparent from creases forming on every forehead in the room. His cunning tongue of lies and half-truths had wrapped them in a python grip.
‘So what must we do to appease the spirits, Amadi, Ani, Njoku Ji, Ekwensu, all of them. What must we do so that they may forgive our transgression?’ the Old King asked. 
The High Priest delayed with his answer in pretence meditation that had them believe he was tuning into a spiritual channel. They waited patiently for his pupils to return from the white of spiritual vision.    
‘We must burn them all. Any shrine that is not of our native spirit. And as for the priests and priestesses, the gods demand to drink of their blood. They must die, all of them.’ He opened his eyes and shook his body like a man who has just snapped out of a trance. 
‘What did the gods say?’ the High Priest asked.
They looked at him in a mixture of terror and astonishment.
‘You said we must burn all shrines not of our spirits, and we must offer the lives of all priests and priestesses in those shrines as sacrifice.’ One councilman said. 
‘The spirits have spoken. What will you do my King?’ the Priest asked.
‘There is no Eze but one appointed by Amadioha. The wish of the spirits is my command. Executioner, see to it that this is carried out.’ The Old King commanded. 
‘My king, if I may suggest that the burning and sacrifices are made on the night of the New Moon. I believe it would please the gods the most on that day.’ The Priest added.
the Old King sighed as he stood up from his throne. 
‘Very well, as you wish.’ Without another word he disappeared into his quarters and so the meeting was adjourned. 
The High Priest liaised with the Executioner to plan the attack strategy which more or less entailed a mass arrest and torching of property after all valuables had been secured. As for the priests and priestesses, a public execution was in order in the form of a bonfire. Executions were already normal practice for the New Moon festival, by beheading, arrows, or burning; it was usually down to the nature of the offence or the mood of the crowd. 
When the day finally came, soldiers were instructed to be ruthless in their attack. They were doing the work of the spirits and hence did not have to fear the curses of men or the sting of their conscience. With this mindset, they descended on every shrine that did not pay homage to their domestic spirits. Without warning they stormed these places looting and burning as fast as they could help it, leaving with whoever was in charge bound in ropes that formed a train of prisoners to be executed.
The Little Girl’s mother was in silent meditation when the soldiers invaded her shrine. She was so deep in the spirit realm that it took her daughter’s piercing cries to pull her back to reality.
‘Mama, Mama!’ the Little Girl cried as a soldier tossed her over his shoulder while others saw to arresting her mother. The priestess tried to run after her daughter, but against three heavily built soldiers with ropes to bind her, she stood no chance. 
‘This is the end of you and your cursed spirits.’ a soldier said before striking her across the face. In her heart, she carried a pain only a mother would understand. She had no fear for death. She knew enough to understand that her spirit was immortal, and she had enough mastery of the worlds beyond to travel back and forth as she wished. A feat only attained by the most powerful of d’nmos - spirit masters. From the other side, she would be able to watch over her daughter, though she couldn’t do much for the girl in that position. 
‘I will be watching after you. I am not gone. I promise. My chi shines on you.’ It was the last word she ever spoke to her daughter as tears streamed down her face. She fought like a dying animal to push past the soldiers, her eyes fixed on her daughter who was also crying, hitting the soldier carrying her away with her tiny fists. 
In one night, the High Priest had managed to not only secure the future of the indigenous spirits, but he also became the richest man in the village bar the Old King. Yes, it was all property of the spirits, but neither Ani of the ground or Amadioha of the sky had ever incarnated and come to Eyanka to make use of their earthly riches. It was left in the hands of the priests as custodians, and till they died, they were allowed to feed from it as they pleased. 
Following the drought, the villagers weren’t as excited as they normally were for the New Moon festival. They still feasted, drank, and danced, but it was all rather half-heartedly in comparison to other years. All that was about to change. 
‘People of Eyanka,’ the High Priest called after the masquerade dance. All eyes were fixed on him, all lips sealed in silence. 
‘The spirits have withheld the rain from us because we have withheld our praise from them. We have taken what is theirs and fed it to these strangers. Food for men, fed to dogs. The spirits of our ancestors have noticed our transgression, and they have cursed the skies for it.’
Murmurs erupted as the people talked amongst themselves in inaudible tones. 
‘But fear not because I have consulted the spirits and they have informed me of a remedy; a way to please them so that we may win back their favour in rain.’ 
Silence covered the village square as the crowd waited for this solution. 
As instructed, the warriors led the priests and priestesses in bondage towards the bonfire and began to tie heavy rocks to their ankles. True to the calm nature of most spiritualists, the captives did not resist in the slightest. 
‘We have already destroyed the shrines of these evil spirits, and now we must offer the blood of the idolaters as sacrifice to cleanse the land of our iniquity.’
The warriors proceeded to drench the captives in a sticky solution normally used for oil torches, before emptying buckets of hay and dry leaves on their bodies. 
‘Burn them, burn them, burn them…’ the crowd chanted. 
The Little Girl was nowhere close to the village square but the chants for fire reached every corner of the Eyanka. A Little Girl of only five rains cried till she suffocated herself to sleep. She would wake in a slave-holding to cry again. Little did she know that one day, under a moon as full and as red, this life would be cut short by circumstances not too different from that of her mother’s.        



















Red Moon Interlude: Part 3 of 6

She turned to meet his eyes. The Prince was visibly drunk, wobbling to stand on both feet. In fact, it surprised her that she had not caught the stench of kai-kai on him from where he stood. Behind him, she could see a few of his friends, which she knew compounded her situation in the worst way possible. Being caught making a mockery of him was one thing, being caught with his friends to witness it was something entirely different. 
‘And you were all going to laugh right? I should have you all burned to ashes in this very hut, but that would be letting you off easily. You might just find peace in death.’ 
He began to advance towards her. She wanted to run but she knew it would only make it worse. And where was she going to run to anyways? His friends had the doors covered and any of the other slaves would hold her down if he commanded it. With each step he took, she felt her heart pound harder. She stood rigid in shock, legs unexplainably weak, body feeling too heavy to move, head drowsy from what felt like a lack of air to her head. 















Chapter Six

At first, he was sad, very sad. Then it all went black with anger.
‘Burn it, burn it all. I want that forest burned to the ground!’
The King was filled with more rage than he could control and it caused him to trash everything within arm’s reach. For a man used to power, this level of powerlessness was unbearable. Just when he thought he had it all, in a single night, he lost everything. The village was none the safer, his wife dead and gone, and his son, his unborn son. What sort of a monster had he created? He wouldn’t even be able to give his queen a befitting burial with an open casket. Not with her being headless and her insides exposed like this. 
He had woken up with a feeling of relief as no news of blood and murder had reached his ears. Little did he know that it would be him telling tales of the Oji, and how no one was safe.
 	Why not him? The question could not leave his head.   
From what he knew about the Oji so far, he knew his guards were more or less a ceremonial prop for the illusion of security. She could take anybody and there was nothing he could do to stop it. So why didn’t she just take him? After all, he was the one she had a score to settle with. He wondered if she could feel his pain, if she was even conscious of it? Surely she had some kind of awareness of things, so was this all planned out? To make him suffer like this, for how long? 
He wasn’t sure how much more he could take. His spies kept reporting talks of a brewing revolution. His queen was gone. The council wouldn’t say it, but he was sure they had lost all confidence in him. At this point, save the crown on his head, he was lower than a slave in the eyes of his people. All it took was the command of one brave man and the rest would march. Such was the nature of these things. Once the same idea was on everybody’s mind, it only took one brave soul to rise to the role of a leader and the rest would follow. 
‘Fetch me the General!’ he barked at a slave. 
All of a sudden he could see the face of the young nameless girl he sent to the grave in the face of every slave. He shook his head as if to shake it off. His sleep was already poisoned with nightmares, forcing him to sweaty early waking when he did manage to sleep at all. A part of him even wished the revolution would come and the villagers would have his head. What was the point of being the King if it magnified every problem he had? A normal man would have easily ingested some poison and done away with this cycle of torment. But not a King, surely not an Eze. It was bad enough that his legacy was already becoming that of a failed Priest-King, marred with a deep original sin before he even succeeded the Old King; adding cowardice to his page in history was not an option. In Eyanka, suicide was the coward’s way out, a crime against Ani. His body would not be buried but tossed into the Ingiga forest as custom demanded. He was a lot of things, but a coward he was not. Never.  
When the General arrived, the throne room was more or less a house of chaos. Everything that could be broken was in pieces; clay pots, carvings - sacred and artistic, drinking horns and even an ivory horn of honour popularly referred to as Ofor. The General did not know where to rest his eyes. Not even the throne itself was in its rightful place. 
‘Eze’m, my King,’ he bowed, ‘I am at your service.’ 
‘I want you to take whatever and whoever you need. By nightfall, I do not want as much as a single tree standing in that forest. Burn it all. I want the very ground covered in ashes! Do I make myself clear?’
The General nodded in agreement, ‘Yes, your highness.’
‘Now go, and call me when it is done.’ 
With another bow, the General excused himself and made his way out of the palace and back to his home for preparation. 
He did not care for the King very much, but he could understand his anger - considering all he had lost. He wasn’t sure what the King hoped to accomplish by burning down the forest, but he was in no position to ask questions either. He was nothing more than a soldier, at best a pawn in the grand scheme of things. Before he set out for the forest, he noticed his daughter fiddling with his scabbard.
‘What are you doing?’ he asked. 
‘I am imagining slaying the Oji when I become a very powerful warrior.’ She announced with sweet innocence. 
‘Is that so? But women cannot become warriors. It is not in a woman’s place to fight battles and draw blood.’
‘Well then I will be the first.’ She mimicked a sword parry with the empty scabbard. 
He watched her movement and imagined her dressed in some type of feminine amour somewhere in the future. 
‘Give me that before you hurt yourself.’ He reached for her make-believe weapon and buried his blade in it before tying it to his waist for easy access. 
‘One of the slaves told me about a band of female warriors in their village. The women guard their King. If they can do it, why can’t we? I even heard some villages have women Priest-Kings. Ezenwayi they are called.’
The General paused to think about it. He had never seen a female warrior in Eyanka, but he had come across quite a few in battles. He didn’t like the idea of his daughter growing up to live this life of violence, but then again, how much was it in his place to tell her what to do when she became a woman. If Eyanka didn’t want their girls dreaming of becoming warriors, perhaps they should have limited their exposure to such ideas. 
‘You should stay with your mother more and learn how to sew, and cook.’ 
‘But I want to come with you today. The Oji only comes on the New Moon. I want to see the forest before it is burned to the ground?’ She wore her best pity-face. 
The General found himself wondering how he had managed to raise this child to be so stubborn. It had not been his intention, but he had passed on his belief that all beings were equal, from slave to king. No one deserved to be limited by any circumstance. Not in his wildest imagination had he imagined she would one day use this philosophy against him.
‘You said I can be whatever I want to be, right?’ she waited for him to nod in agreement. 
‘So I want to be a warrior. Take me to the forest. All the other soldiers bring their children to things like this.’ 
‘They bring their sons.’
‘Well, you only have a daughter.’
He sighed in frustration then caved in. His little girl had only seen nine rains. It was only a matter of time until she discovered boys and abandoned such childish dreams. At least that was what he told himself. 
‘Fine, but you must stay...’
‘You will not be going anywhere.’ The General’s wife cut it.
‘But...’
‘I don’t want to hear it.’
The little girl stormed out of the kitchen crying. The General’s wife shot him a disapproving look and shook her head. From where she was standing, her husband was just trying to live out his fantasy of having a son through their daughter. He had already near enough raised her to think like a man. It was no surprise she wanted to be just like him when she grew up. 
‘She is still a girl you know.’ The General’s wife said.
‘Don’t worry, she will outgrow this.’
‘Hmm, I don’t know. Especially with you encouraging her.’
The General kissed his wife on the forehead and left to do as he had been commanded to. The task at hand in the forest was no easy feat. Even with every last man in the village army and as many slaves as they could gather, it would take them years to level this forest. The King’s order of burning it to the ground overnight was wishful at best. 
The men hacked at trees as fast as their bodies would allow them even though they all knew this was going to be an ongoing task for years to come. 
‘You think we will ever get it done?’ a soldier asked the General who was now mingling with some of his men, resting from logging a huge tree. 
‘What do you think?’ he turned to his another man.
‘I think we have done enough for the day. We should just set this on fire and go home to our families. If the King wants it all done in a day, he can have my axe.’ 
The men responded in laughter. Such jokes about the King were now commonplace with the soldiers. It was clear to the General that they had lost their fear and respect for his throne. 
‘Very well then, let’s set this place on fire and go home. Some of us have wives with needs to be attended to.’
The soldiers carried on with stories and jokes about their conquests with women while setting the place ablaze. When the fire was big enough to spread with the wind, they switched jokes and stories for war songs then began to march their way home. 


 
  



Chapter Seven 

The General’s daughter did not plan her venture into the forest the way it turned out. Initially, she was banking on her father accepting her plea to join him. When that didn’t work out, she found herself by the window wondering how she could make it without his help. There was only one obvious way around it. She patiently waited, watching the walk-path just outside the kitchen hut where he was conversing with her mother. The moment she spotted him leaving, she jumped out of the window and began to follow from what she deemed to be a safe distance. 
She followed him through the village as he passed information to various platoon leaders to mobilize their soldiers for the demolition of the Ingiga Forest. After he gathered enough men, they left for the forest with sharpened machetes and axes, chanting battle songs as they made their way through the village. It was only after entering the forest that she realized it was a lot bigger than anything she could have imagined. With the soldiers spreading to cover as much grounds as possible, it became impossible to spot what route her father had taken. She wandered aimlessly, hoping to run into him eventually. By the time she realized she had truly lost him, she was lost so deep in the forest she wasn’t sure if she could find her way back. She wandered, till from the length of her shadow she could tell that night was upon her. Without thinking, she began to run. She wasn’t sure where she was running to or even if she was running in the right direction. She ran until she was out of air, and then she stopped. Panting to regain her breath with both hands on her knees to support herself, she noticed something strange. 
At first, she thought it was a figment of her imagination. It appeared there was someone staring at her from behind a large tree trunk. She only managed to catch a peep before the head disappeared behind the trunk. She stared curiously at the tree, caught up in too much apprehension to walk towards it. Her eyes swept the ground for a stone to throw in the figure’s direction. She picked up a small pebble but she found herself hesitant to do anything with it. A part of her wanted to call for help, but that would mean inviting her father to report her disobedience. She lingered for a bit longer, staring at the tree, and then just as she was about to start walking away, the head peeked out again. Their eyes met before the stranger retracted her gaze to go back in hiding. This time she was sure it was not a figment of her imagination. There was another girl in the forest, a girl not much older than her. 
‘It’s okay, I will not hurt you.’ She wasn’t sure if this was the right thing to say, but it seemed safe and appropriate. The thought that the girl behind the tree might be the Oji crossed her mind, but then the Oji was supposed to be headless or with a snake-like face when something grew in the place. She didn’t imagine her to be shy or scared of anyone, certainly not a little girl like her. The General’s daughter had never quite seen the Oji’s handiwork, but even the blind had come to know the stories of the horror she brought with her. Hiding behind a tree just did not fit into the idea of what she was. 
Slowly, the Little Girl behind the tree began to emerge. She looked around like she was ensuring the General’s daughter wasn’t being followed by anyone. 
‘It’s just me. You are safe here.’ The General’s daughter assured her. 
The Little Girl picked up her pace and walked halfway towards the General’s daughter before stopping. She looked at her with eyes that suggested she had never seen another human before. The General’s daughter still wasn’t sure what she was supposed to do in the situation. 
‘What is your name?’ It seemed like a good place to start.
The girl looked at her as if she were puzzled by the question. Like she had never really thought of it before. 
‘I don’t know.’ She replied.
‘You don’t know your name? Where are your parents?’ 
Again, a puzzled look.
‘I don’t have parents.’
‘Are you from Eyanka? Where are you from?’
The girl said nothing. She just stared around the forest in confusion.
‘Can you take me to your home, or are you lost?’
‘This is my home. I have been trying to leave but I can never find the way out.’
‘And where do you want to go to after you leave?’
The girl shrugged her shoulders, ‘I don’t know. Anywhere, anywhere but here. I can never leave this place.’
The General’s daughter was perplexed by the girl’s reply. She wanted to ask her other questions like how old she was, how was it that she got to be lost in the Ingiga Forest, how was she surviving out here on her own, and how long had she been here for. She decided against it. If the girl didn’t as much as know what her name was, there wasn’t much she could say about anything else. 
‘Do you want to come with me? I can take you to my village. We will take care of you.’ The General’s daughter held out her hand. 
Her parents were not going to be happy about this arrangement, but what could she do? Leaving this girl in this forest all by herself was not an option. The girl shuffled towards her slowly then reluctantly, she took her hand. 
At the touch of her skin, it became clear to the General’s daughter that this girl was not any normal girl. In fact, she was not even human at all. She saw their hands meet, but it happened without touch. Like light through glass, the lost girl’s hand went straight through her palm. It was at this very moment that the big picture fell into place for her. This innocent lost-looking girl in the forest was her, the Oji. Without the New Moon she was trapped in this form under some kind of hex. A hex that kept her eternally lost in this forest without the slightest clue as to who she was or what she was doing. She wondered if there were others here, trapped in the world of the living for whatever the reason.
At first, she was afraid. Her heart pounded and her stomach churned and twisted. She wanted to run away as fast as she could. But there was something about the Oji in this form that compelled her to feel something, pity. All this while she had thought it was the Oji keeping them in bondage, holding the village hostage. Now, she thought differently. It was the village that refused to let her go. The spell that bound the Oji would not allow her to be free until the village appeased her spirit. The question was, how was this to be done? From all indications, the lost little girl wasn’t even aware she became a monster once a year. Asking her what it would take to appease her spirit wasn’t going to make any sense to her. Perhaps she could take her to the village and the adults would take it from there. 
It seemed the easiest option, but before she could settle on it, a more pressing issue was at hand. At first, it was just the smell of smoke in the air drifting with the wind, and then the sound of burning leaves followed. A fire was coming, and it was approaching fast. 
‘They are burning down the forest. We need to leave now.’ The General’s daughter tried to drag the girl with her but she couldn’t hold onto her body. Each time, her skin went straight through the girl’s body, catching only cold and light. 
‘We need to go. Come on!’
The Oji didn’t move. 
‘Do you want to die? Can you even...’
The Oji said nothing while the fire encroached on them, the evening breeze fanning the flames. 
‘I’m sorry. I will come back for you.’ The General’s daughter broke into a sprint on her own. She ran as fast as she could but it just wasn’t enough. The fire had already spread far and wide. Caught in the middle, she began to cough from the smoke filling her lungs. When she finally reached the limits of her body, she dropped to her knees, and with a drowsy head and heavy chest, her vision went dark.  



















Red Moon Interlude: Part 4 of 6

No one was sure about what he was going to do to the Little Girl, but nothing was out of the question. It was in Prince’s nature to be violently unpredictable. At least his scabbard was not in view but that didn’t mean he couldn’t kill her. It wasn’t unheard of that he choked slaves to death on impulse, sometimes for no identifiable cause. It was a way to show his power and evoke fear in the hearts of both the slaves and people the news eventually spread to. After all, a King was only as powerful as his subjects were submissive. In a village like Eyanka, power was just another word for fear and Prince had come to embody this. 
When he was only a pace away, she began to cry but still maintained her posture. He watched the tears stream down her face and then he reached out to wipe them. Somehow she knew this was not a sign of compassion to come.
‘There’s no need for tears now Little Girl. Save it for later. You will be needing it.’ He grabbed her by the neck, choking her only hard enough to make her weak. The Little Girl struggled for air but didn’t dare to fight back. While she gasped with desperate lungs, he proceeded to push her fragile body to a pillar in the centre of the hut. At this point she found herself wishing he had his sword. At least her death would be swift and relatively painless. Still holding her by the neck, he bashed her body on the pillar repeatedly, like she was an already battered doll he hoped to completely destroy. 










Chapter Eight

The General was pleased to be home after a hard day in the forest. He wanted nothing more than a warm meal, a cold bath, and a deep sleep after his wife massaged his aching. Before entering the hut, he placed his axe outside. As a matter of principle, he never carried an unsheathed weapon into the house. His daughter had a habit of unsheathing his machete to play with it and he made a point of telling her off about this, even though as was apparent from her actions, she didn’t care much for his admonition. 
‘Where is my princess?’ he searched for her with his eyes.
‘Is she not back yet? I have told that girl to not stay out late playing. She never listens.’
‘She is just being a child. Perhaps if she had a brother or sister to play with at home, she would go out less.’ He flashed his wife a suggestive smile.
‘I thought you would be a bit too tired for that.’
‘Oh, I am never too tired for that. The food can wait. We probably don’t have long until she returns.’
‘And what if she catches us?’
‘She has to learn somehow.’
‘General, you are such a bad example.’ She said, pushing him on the clay floor to mount him. 
‘Now I know you have been working all day so just relax.’ 
‘This is why I married you, you understand me so well.’
‘Shh,’ she placed a finger over his lips, ‘no more talking.’
She guided him inside her and began to rock back and forth until she felt his body seize and he pulsed on her walls. 
‘We should do this more often.’ He suggested.
‘You think we are done here?’ She dismounted him and then bent over in invitation.
‘Let it not be said that I was missing when it was time to do as D’ike must do. A warrior must fight bravely in every battle.’
It was only after she had quivered with pleasure and they were done that their daughter’s absence became a lot more worrisome. It was as if the release had brought some clarity to their minds.
‘When last did you see her?’ The General enquired as his wife set down their evening meal. 
She paused for a second, rolling back her eyes to jog her memory. 
‘I don’t think I have seen her since I asked her not to follow you to the forest.’
They looked at each other with dreadful eyes. The General and his wife were well aware of the kind of daughter they raised. She was very inquisitive, which didn’t always go well with her precocious nature. But even for her, it seemed a step too far to have sneaked off into the Ingiga Forest. 
‘Let’s not jump to any conclusions. I will ask her friends if they have seen her all day.’ The General didn’t as much as take a single bite out of his dinner - pounded yam and bitter leaf soup. As tired as his body was with this stomach growling from hunger, a strange fear was upon him; one that stole his appetite and suspended any thought of sleep he previously had.
‘I will go and ask around too.’ The General’s wife said. 
‘No, someone needs to be here in case she comes home.’ 
It was after the General stepped out of the hut that he realized just how dark it was outside. His daughter was fond of coming home later than she was instructed to, but never after dark. He thought of how he was going to admonish her when he found her, but first, he had to find her. The thought that she might be trapped or lost in the forest kept crossing his mind. A part of him that didn’t want that to be true willed him to disbelieve. 
He started with the neighbours in his inquiry and then moved on to more distant houses. It wasn’t till he got to one of his soldier’s houses that the Mad Man came forward to report sighting her following the General.
‘I thought she was with you. I saw her entering the barn while you were talking with your comrade.’
It all fell into place with that statement. She was clearly hiding in the barn because she knew men only went there after a harvest. That wasn’t happening till the rain had gone. Otherwise, it was a place only visited by the women or children sent to bring some yam or cassava for cooking. The General imagined his daughter following him from a distance every step of the way from the moment he left their home. He was angry with himself for not noticing this, but why would he have been looking over his shoulder. The only person he felt threatened by was the King, and on this occasion, he was working under his order. The King attacking him would be stalling his own agenda, and not to mention, he didn’t think any grievances between the King and himself was enough to warrant constant paranoia. There would be time for self-loathing and apportioning of blame. For the time being, he needed to pull himself together to do whatever was necessary to bring back his little girl. 
Without overthinking his next move, the General marched his way to the King’s palace. He never wanted to be indebted to any man let alone the King, but at a time like this, his pride had to be put to rest for his daughter’s sake.
‘I need an audience with the King.’ He said to the guard at the palace gate.   
‘I’m sorry, but the King is in mourning. We have strict orders not to let anyone in.’
‘Well, go and tell him someone’s life depends on this. Tell him it is his General.’ 
The guard remained at the gate unresponsive to the General’s request. 
‘Did you hear me?’ The General’s voice was starting to rise. The second guard came within arm’s reach. 
At this point, he was completely out of patience. Without warning, he punched the second guard on the throat to incapacitate him before plunging into the first with a head butt so hard it broke the man’s nose on contact. Before the guard could pull himself together, the General followed up with a shot to his solar plexus putting him completely out. It all happened so fast that neither of the guards had enough time to sound an alarm, and just for good measure, the General slammed his elbow into the second guard’s temple to knock him out before his voice returned. 
On entering the palace grounds, he moved with a kind of composure that suggested he had been let in without as much as a scuffle. The guards patrolled the grounds were no strangers to his presence. They showed their respect with a half bow and he returned it with a nod of acknowledgement. He was able to deduce the King to be in his resting quarters by the presence of two guards that stood watch outside the hut. 
‘I must see the King now.’ He demanded in a tone high enough to pass through the thick walls.
The two guards looked at each other with hesitation. The King had been very emphatic about not wanting to be disturbed in his time of mourning, but the General had that look in his eyes that suggested he wasn’t going to take no for an answer. 
‘The King...’
‘Don’t tell me what the King said, just go and tell him I must see him now!’ He maintained his aggressive tone to lure the King out.
The guards weren’t sure how to proceed. This wasn’t just any villager or even an ordinary councilman. This was the leader of the village army and he clearly had a pressing issue at hand.
‘Who dares disturb me at this hour?’ The King emerged in his night cloth.
‘My King,’ he bowed to pay his respect, ‘I will never disturb you but please understand; my daughter’s life is in danger. She has sneaked into the Ingiga Forest and I fear she could be trapped in the fire. I only ask for your permission for me to lead my men into the forest to her rescue.’
The General had considered going over the King’s head and commanding his men to proceed, but he did not want to upset the chain of command. He was the General, but all that made him was more or less the King’s hand in controlling the military. He couldn’t issue an order that was not sanctioned by the King. With the King already threatened by his power and admiration from his men, the last thing he wanted to do was compound the problem at a time like this. 
‘Who let you in at the gate?’ The King asked.
‘I’m sorry my King. I had to incapacitate the guards to get it. It was not their fault. Please punish me as you may, but just let me go and get my daughter first.’ 
The King said nothing.
‘You are my King, you are her King. I implore you to do this. Please!’ The General got on one knee in plea.
‘You assault my guards. You come here demanding my audience. And you pretend to respect me?’
The General could not believe what he was hearing.
‘I see your wings have grown too long. You now think yourself equal to me. I pardoned you for your reckless statements at the council meeting. I overlooked your overly righteous principles. But this, this will not be overlooked. Guards, seize him.’
The General knew he could take the two guards. In fact, every part of him wanted to fight. But he also knew he couldn’t take all the guards in the palace, and attacking one would give them a reason to kill him. Not to mention, an attack on the King would be regarded as an act of treason, which would also get him stripped of his honour and beheaded. From the side of his eye, he could already see more guards emerging. Perhaps his tone had attracted them as it had attracted the King. At this point, he knew any fight he hoped to wage was a losing battle.
‘You will let a little girl burn in the forest to prove to me that you are my King?’
The guards were already taking away the General’s weapons and bounding his arms with a rope.
‘You are no King, no Eze. A sinful priest. A foolish king. I curse the day I prostrated before you.’
With these last words, he spat at the King’s feet in view of all the guards as they dragged him away.
‘The ground you walk on will throw sand in your eyes!’ He uttered an ancient curse, a call to the spirit Ani, ‘let it be known that this King is the cause of all our suffering. If his family had not doomed that Little Girl to her death in the first place, none of this would ever have happened. He is no King. Even now he would let another girl die. He is no King! O’buhi Eze!’ 
The General was led into the holding hut where he was tossed in a small cage and locked in like an animal. There he remained silent, but he had already said all he had to say. His words would travel around the village and even beyond. He was aware that it could cost him his life. But that was the kind of man he was. Not even the gods could silence the cry of his spirit.
The King watched in silence lined with fear as the General made his pronouncements. Was he too hasty in his decision to exert his power on this occasion? It didn’t matter, he had already spoken. Taking back his words especially after what the General had said would tarnish whatever power he had left to wield. Already, the die had been cast.  



Chapter Nine 

The General’s daughter found herself in the twilight zone of consciousness, stuck somewhere between sleep and wakefulness. She was aware of her body-weight against what felt like a cushioned floor. Faint sounds of chirping birds and the rustle of leaves came and went with a wind that carried the fading smell of what was unmistakably ash from a recent fire. She tried to move her body but she was in too much pain to manage it, not to mention, she couldn’t remember ever feeling this weak in her entire life. Even her eyelids felt too heavy to lift open.
She tried to remember what had happened to put her in this position but instead, she found a hole in her memory. As far as she could remember, she was running in a forest and there was a fire. The rest was just an indistinguishable blur leading to a tunnel of darkness. Her thoughts were interrupted by approaching steps. She listened hard in an attempt to deduce something from the footsteps. The best she could conclude was that it wasn’t a heavily built person. She willed her eyes to open with everything she had. 
From the feet in view, the approaching steps couldn’t have belonged to a girl any more than a few rains. Then it came back to her, first slowly, then all at once. She was in the forest conversing with a lost little girl that seemed to have no idea who she was. There was a fire in the forest and the little girl would not come with her. She ended up being engulfed by the smoke and that was where she lost it. 
‘You are awake, that’s good.’ the Little Girl said. 
The General’s daughter didn’t have the strength to speak. 
The Little Girl dabbed a wet hand on the General’s daughter’s forehead. 
‘I brought you some fruits and water. They really made a mess of the forest. So much of it has been claimed by fire. I wonder where those men come from. They don’t look very nice.’ 
The General’s daughter was finally starting to regain some strength. She managed to open her eyes fully and sit up, resting her back on a tree. She wondered how long she had spent sleeping under the tree and how it was possible that the other girl carried her limp body from the fire. She had to have been out for a whole day at least, maybe more. Darkness was already approaching with a red evening sun disappearing into the horizon. Her eyes searched for a possible co-conspirator. She found nothing. 
Now the breeze was starting to settle, taking the smell of ash with it. The General’s daughter had to inhale a few times to be sure the stench that filled her nostrils was not imaginary. She wasn’t immediately sure what it was, but it was bad, very bad. 
‘What’s that smell?’ She asked the girl as she was handed a mango to eat.
‘What smell?’ The Little Girl stared without a clue.
‘You mean you can’t smell that?’ The General’s daughter squinted in confusion. The Little Girl shook her head. 
‘How did I get here?’ 
‘I carried you from the fire.’ 
There was something blank about the little girl’s expression that suggested not only that she was being honest, but also that she wasn’t aware of reality enough to even lie about it. The General’s daughter found this rather perplexing. The stench in the air seemed to grow even stronger forcing her to cover her nose fearing she might gag at any moment. The Little Girl stared at her with confusion in her eyes. 
‘How can you not smell this?’ The General’s daughter moved away from the tree abandoning the mango by a thick root strand. She was not entirely sure what was going on but there was only so much a mind could take before it snapped. In her bid to discover where the stench was coming from, the General’s daughter began to examine the tree. She didn’t have to look very far. Right behind where she had been sleeping rested about five heads at varying levels of decay - rotting with maggots feasting on them. 
‘Chi’m! What is this?’ she backed away in fear. The Little Girl did not change her expression. She maintained the same blank look she had worn since the day before. 
‘Can you not see this?’
‘Yes, very strange,’ she walked around to get a clearer picture. ‘I don’t know who brings them in, but they seem to keep growing in number. Poor spirits.’ 
The General’s daughter found herself shaking with fear but tried her best to remain somewhat composed. The Little Girl meant her no harm. If she wanted her head, she could have let her die in the fire or killed her in her sleep. There was something more to this story than a lonely girl hoarding heads in a cursed forest. 
The General’s daughter tried to understand how it was that this little girl was also the Oji but somehow, she appeared to be completely unaware of it. In fact, she was oblivious to reality as a whole. This had to be the work of a powerful enchantment spell, cast by a truly powerful spirit master. The General’s daughter caught sight of the Queen’s unborn baby’s head and it sickened her. As usual, the Oji was without sentiment. 
‘You might not know this. But once upon a time, the village did a great terrible thing to you. We...’ she paused. ‘we beheaded you.’ 
The Oji looked at the General’s daughter intently. At the mention of a beheading, something seemed to have changed about her countenance, as if a veil was lifted, a spell broken. For the briefest of moments, she relived her execution like the flash of a memory gone as quickly as it had arrived. 
The General’s daughter went on to tell the Little Girl her story right from her mother’s capture from her hometown up until her unjust execution in the village square. After that, she carried on with the story of the Oji she had become known as, and how she came for vengeance every New Moon. When she was done, she waited for the Little Girl to say something, anything. The Little Girl stared fixatedly at her own feet for a long time, and then she broke her silence.
‘You deserve it, you all deserve it.’     
She was repulsed by the idea of decapitation and the bloodstains it left on her hands. But then again, were the villagers of Eyanka any different? Surely, not every single one of them lifted the machete to behead her, or gave the order for it to be done. But in their silence, they were all participants. Wilfully or otherwise, none of that mattered. It was only right that they paid for their transgressions. And as for the King, she couldn’t wait for the next New Moon. That she hadn’t taken his head or even taken it first was a mystery to her.
‘Come the next New Moon. If I have any control over this Oji you speak of, your King will pay the ultimate price.’ 
‘I know you are angry. And you deserve to be. But don’t you think this has gone on for too long. Is it really worth it to have your spirit trapped in this realm forever, just so you can venture into the village once a year to take a head? Don’t you want to return to your mother? She must be waiting for you on the other side.’ 
The Little Girl said nothing.
‘And just look at this. You took an innocent, an unborn. This is not what the priestess would have wanted.’
‘And how do you know what she would want? How do you know what my mother would want?’
‘Because the spirits of your people are renowned for their love of justice. And this is not justice. This is murder.’ 
The Little Girl was quiet as painful tears spilled from her eyes. Perhaps the General’s daughter was right. She couldn’t get herself to look at the infant head of the unborn prince. In her anger, she had grown blind to the truth and it had taken a toll on her spirit. Her thirst for vengeance had turned her into something she never wanted to be. This madness had to stop. Her spirit needed to be set free. Until she freed herself of her anger and resentment, she was bound just as much as Eyanka to a place where there was no peace.
‘Even if I want to go, I do not know how to break this spell. How can we restore justice?’
‘I think I know just how to go about that. But I will need you to work with me.’ 
She nodded in agreement. The General’s daughter was counting on the words of the Mad Man about justice being restored in the land to reinstate peace from the horrors of the Oji. More than anything, she wanted to lock the Little Girl in a tight embrace, but she knew better than trying to touch her again. The memory of her first attempt flashed through her mind - cold and light, light through glass. 












Red Moon Interlude: Part 5 of 6

‘You like to make jokes, right?’ he asked. 
She shook her head but couldn’t gather enough strength or courage to speak. 
‘So you are calling me a liar? Am I a lair?’ his question was directed at the other slaves. 
‘No,’ they chorused.
‘You see, now I have to punish you. I have to punish all of you.’ This was when he tightened his grip on her neck till she couldn’t breathe at all. Some slaves tried to look away but he was ready for them. 
‘I will have the eyes of whoever dares to look away. Let this be a lesson to all of you. No one makes fun of the royals. We are the spirits in the flesh. The deities you may touch.’ He leaned in closer to the Little Girl, ‘Do you understand?’ She could almost taste the palm wine from how strong it smelled. He freed her throat but her freedom was short-lived. Without word or warning, he grabbed her by the hair and proceeded to spin her around before pushing her face into the pillar already stained with blood from where he had been bashing her skull. He began to smash her face into the pillar.
‘I..hope…you…are…all…watching!’ 
 
    
      











Chapter Ten

She would have left immediately, but she decided against walking through the forest at night. After a night of rest, the General’s daughter said her goodbyes with a nod and left the Little Girl standing under the tree. From where the fire had stopped which she now used as a landmark, she only needed to keep walking straight to get out of the forest. She wondered if and when they would come to demolish what was left of it. For all their efforts, they had only managed a small fraction of what constituted the Ingiga Forest. It would be another New Moon before they were done levelling this place. She tucked that thought away in her mind. There would be time for such pointless pondering. At the moment, there was work to be done. She thought about the Little Girl all alone in the forest. It would have been nice to bring her along, but she didn’t want to risk causing a scene or creating a panic.
On emerging from the forest, she could sense the tension in the air - a restless pooling. The streets were unusually deserted for a market day and huts appeared either completely desolate or cluttered with people speaking in hushed tones. Try as she may to eavesdrop into their conversations, she got nothing but murmurs and inaudible whispers.
To her surprise, no one she walked past seemed to pay her any attention. Eyanka was a small and interconnected village. It was almost impossible that the General’s daughter would have gone missing for an entire night and the village would not be knee-deep in search. She decided to cherish her anonymity until she was back in her parent’s hut. Perhaps, whatever it was that had everyone preoccupied was bigger than her disappearance. She quickened her step,  not wanting a stranger to claim any heroic credit for her return. 
Not to her surprise, her family hut was so crowded it spilled into the compound outside. It was the largest crowd she had seen in any one home. Most of the men she could identify were platoon leaders loyal to her father. Perhaps they were planning some kind of strategy to demolish the forest once and for all, or maybe they were devising a rescue plan for her. The thought of showing herself at a time like this made her feel somewhat apprehensive, but she had to get over that. She was certain her parents would still be sick with worry over her going missing. She imagined they would probably greet her with anger before settling into welcoming her home. She sighed. 
As she contemplated how best to break into the crowd and announce her return, she noticed her mother step out of the kitchen hut. She froze, petrified. Nothing happened. Her mother looked past her so dismissively it was impossible that she would have noticed her presence. 
‘Mama?’ she called.
Again, nothing happened. 
The General’s daughter stood perplexed by what was unfolding before her. Her mother had just gone into the barn but it didn’t look like she had any intentions of boiling some yams. For one thing, there was no knife in her hand. She followed to see what was happening. From the entrance she could make out sobs and sniffles. 
‘Mama, I’m home. I’m here.’ She stood at the entrance to the barn. 
Nothing happened.
At this point, she decided she had to do more to get noticed. She walked into the barn, and that was when the first signs of trouble hit her. She realized she was without a shadow in the dimly lit room. This could not be happening. She tried to remember when last she noticed her shadow. It wasn’t exactly something one kept constant tabs on. She sniffed and sniffed again. She couldn’t perceive the familiar smell of yams. She tried to think about the last time she ate anything. There was that mango, but she never got to eat that.
‘No, no, no...Mama, Mama, Mama can you not hear me?’ 
In a frenzy, she ran to her mother but her efforts were in vain. Every time she tried to touch her; her hand went right through her body - like she had seen before with the Oji. She screamed, kicked, and shouted, all to no avail. After she was exhausted from her exasperation, she found herself sitting on the floor, watching her mother sob uncontrollably. This was probably what the Little Girl was talking about when she said no one would notice her presence. What did it matter if she was inside the forest or out and about in the village? If she couldn’t be seen, she didn’t exist. She pondered on how it was that she could then see the Oji when they first met. It probably had something to do with the moon. Like the old folktales, the red moon was associated with spirit sightings - of sea maidens, dwarf men, bush babies, and even one’s ancestors. It was even said that when a son fails to put his father in the ground, come the red moon, his father may come from the dead with curses and torments. She had thought these just folktales, stories of old, but not anymore. Her guess was that a few days after and maybe even before the New Moon, she was visible and audible to the living. That must have been how she was able to see the Little Girl before. It would have to be a New Moon before she could touch anyone. She had become, in many ways, just like the Oji!  
She wondered where her father was in the midst of all this. Why wasn’t he here to console her mother at a time like this? Something wasn’t right. She had to find him. She ran out of the barn and into the hut where soldiers and family friends were gathered. Even with her new body, she shifted out of habit to avoid walking through things and people. Her eyes searched every corner but he was nowhere to be found.
‘The King will never release him. I am surprised he hasn’t rushed a hearing to effect an execution.’
‘The King is no fool. Even a child can feel the spirit of rebellion in the air. If he as much as harms a hair on the General’s head, there is no telling what may happen.’
‘But what are we going to do? We cannot perpetually lay in waiting. Something has to be done.’ 
She wasn’t exactly sure what had transpired in her absence. One thing was clear though; the King was holding her father captive. She looked at the palms of her hand and wished they would materialize to be visible to the villagers. A part of her wanted to contemplate the fact that she was gone from the physical realm - from uwa ala, but an even stronger part wanted to suppress and deny this thought. There had to be a way to salvage her situation. This was the Oji’s doing. The little evil had done something to her and she was going to undo it one way or the other. 
The General’s daughter left the house in a hurry. She ran without looking back until she was out of breath. She wondered if it was even air she was breathing in this strange dreamlike state where she felt both dead and alive at the same time. When she arrived at the forest, the Oji was waiting under the tree with her trophy of heads. 
‘What have you done to me?’
‘It was the only thing I could do.’ the Oji replied.
‘What do you mean it was the only thing you could do? Where is my body?’ the General’s daughter asked.
The Oji looked south of the tree they were stood by, then down at her feet. The General’s daughter followed her gaze then began to move in that direction. Instinctively she already knew what lay ahead of her. In her mind’s eye, she could visualize it, but a part of her wanted to see for herself. Death was not a fate to be accepted with any seed of doubt to counter. She needed visual confirmation to get the kind of finality necessary to accept her fate for what it was. The Oji followed with a few paces between them for distance.
When she arrived at a swampy marsh, she spent the first few seconds just looking over the place. A part of her did not want to look down. The idea of finality terrified her. When she eventually felt like she was ready, she braced herself and looked. It wasn’t very hard to spot. The fire had burnt her to a crisp, leaving her almost unrecognizable. She contemplated touching her corpse but she couldn’t get herself to do it. A sadness like she had never known filled her spirit and she began to cry. In her head she could hear her mother’s words of warning echoing repeatedly. She should have listened. Now here she was, dead and stuck somewhere between the realm of the living and the spirit world. 
‘How did I get to the tree I woke up by?’ she asked.
‘I carried you.’ the Oji twiddled her thumbs and averted her gaze, ‘I can’t touch the living so I had to wait for you to...’ she allowed the General’s daughter to fill in the gap.
‘How do I get out of here? I want to cross over. I cannot bear this place any longer.’ 
There was something about existing as an island that made being unbearable. To be unseen, unheard, unloved. The General’s daughter wanted none of it. The pain was too great to stomach. It was only a matter of time till her memories started fading and eventually she would be no different from the Oji, an empty vessel unaware of her own self. It was as dark a nightmare as she could ever conceive. To be unknown to the world was one thing; to be unknown to one’s own self...she could not bear. 
‘I tried to find you. I wanted to save you. But I couldn’t. We cannot touch the living. After the New Moon the naked eyes can see me for maybe three days, and then I become unseen again. I have wandered this forest for what feels like an eternity, my memories fading to leave me with a face I barely recognize in muddy puddles when my reflection hasn’t eluded me. Each New Moon, I fall into a deep slumber and awake to the sight of yet another head or heads. I am tired of this existence. I want to go home too. So I called back your spirit just as you were about to cross over to the other side. I wanted you to help me. It was the only thing I could think of doing.’ 
‘Liar! You have kept me here because you were lonely.’ 
‘You do not know the half of it and if you were me, you would have done exactly the same. Now you can help me with a plan that will free both of us, or you can fight me till the New Moon arrives.’
They stood in silence. The New Moon couldn’t come soon enough.  




























Red Moon Interlude Part 6 of 6

Right there, before countless slaves and a handful of friends, he ripped off her small cover cloth after which he undid his trousers to expose his erect phallus. 
‘Eyes!’
And then he began to penetrate her. It was the first time a man had ever touched the Little Girl in this way. She wasn’t entirely sure what the experience was supposed to feel like, but she was certain this was wrong, very wrong. A part of her wanted to fight, but it was only a longing, a wish. Her body was weak, her mind numb. As he pushed his way past her insides she let out only whimpers of pain between other muffled noises as more tears streamed down her face. After a while, she stopped feeling. No pain, no sorrow, no sensation, nothing. Even the faces in the room had faded into a seamless collage of colours, indistinguishable from inanimate objects. She just wanted this nightmare to be over as soon as possible. 
After what felt like a lifetime of thrusts but no longer than three minutes in counting, she felt his body seize in a usual manner. His grip on her hair grew stronger and he stopped stroking back and forth as he let out a grunt of satisfaction. And just like that, he was done with her. He pulled out, pulled up his trousers; and without as much as a word, he left the slave quarter with the Little Girl’s innocence. It was only after the slaves were sure that he was not coming back that they rushed to her aid. The female slaves met her with large wrappers to cover her body. As they comforted her with words, she remained trapped in a haze, unable to speak or blink. 
Depending on who you asked in Eyanka, the ripe age to deflower a woman ranged somewhere between once she started to bleed, to after her breast stopped to grow. What line one chose to toe was only an expression of their perversion. For Prince, the answer was evident in his actions.    




Chapter Eleven: Some Rains Ago

After the incident with the Prince, the Little Girl had grown somewhat withdrawn towards the world around her. Often, she would find herself wishing her mother were still with her. A listening ear and a shoulder to cry on always would go a long way towards easing her pains. Once she considered telling her master, but then she decided against it. Even if he believed her, there wasn’t much he could do about it. Not to mention, if the Prince felt like denying the truth, it was the Prince’s word against hers. She stood no chance regardless of how apparent her sincerity seemed. There was also the problem of stigmatization. For the most part, people wanted to be treated as normal. It could be just as equally upsetting to be constantly treated with pity, as it could be, to be constantly shamed. As much as the Little Girl wished for at least one outlet to vent the demons that tore her up inside, she was faced with a society without as much as a helping hand. In fact, the people of Eyanka were more likely to find a way to blame her for what had happened. They would do that rather than take any action against the Prince. The best she could do was to cry herself to sleep, feeling used and dirty as she went through the motions in her head, over and over again. And then it got worse, a lot worse.
It started in the morning. Lying somewhere between sleep and wakefulness, she could feel her stomach contracting, her throat expanding. At first, she thought it was the fever, nothing the bitter bark of the dongoyaro plant won’t cure - but then she wasn’t running a temperature and didn’t particularly feel weak. Before she could comprehend what was happening, she was on her feet running outside to ease her nauseating body. As she eased herself of the strain, she could only hope no one else was watching. When she was done, she wiped her mouth and then went back into the cooking hut where she slept on the clay floor without as much as a mat between her and the ground. Unable to go back to sleep, she sat silently by the wall trying to imagine what was going to become of her. 
For a few moons now, she had not bled. Initially, she thought it was nothing. Perhaps a negligible side effect from what had transpired between her and the Prince. Now she was certain this was more than that. The Little Girl was sure she was with a child. If ever there was a curse from the spirits, this would be it. Just when she thought her life couldn’t get any worse. She thought of ending it all by herself, to leave on her own terms. But at just over twelve rains the decision to end it all was met with far too much fear. She was left with the option to tell her master immediately or to wait it out until it was impossible to hide. She chose the latter more so out of fear than anything else. More moons passed and as nature demanded, the Little Girl’s body began to take the shape of a vessel. 
***
‘You little whore. What have you been doing in my house?’ Her master dragged her by the ear to his children’s room.
‘Which of you is responsible for this?’ He asked his twin sons. The boys looked at each other in shock and bewilderment before shaking their heads in unison.
Before the Little Girl was given the opportunity to speak for herself, her master’s fist came crashing down on her. 
‘Master, it was the Prince, it was the Prince. I did not want to. He made me. They were all there.’
He paused.
‘Who were all there?’ the Master enquired. 
‘All the other ohus. I swear it, you can ask them. It was in the yam barn where we stay; on the last New Moon festival.’
Now she was sobbing uncontrollably making her voice less audible.
‘I will take you to the palace and you shall swear this in front of the Old King and the court. They will be the judge of your fate.’
‘Please don’t, please. I beg you.’ She reached for his feet but was met with a kick to the face. 
‘Don’t touch me with your soiled hands, slave.’ He left to put on something more befitting for a trip to the palace. At the very least, he didn’t want to smell like a Fisherman there. 
The truth was the Little Girl’s master already knew how things were going to turn out. What Prince was going to accept his bastard child from a slave girl? Royal blood and ohu blood just could not co-exist, like water and palm oil. And it wasn’t like the Prince would beg his father for the girl’s freedom, certainly not after raping her before an on-looking crowd as the girl had explained. 
At the entrance gate, he instructed a messenger to tell the Old King that he demanded an audience on a very urgent matter of a delicate nature. 
‘If he presses further, tell him I say it has to do with the Prince.’ The messenger nodded and ran along. 
As was expected, an immediate audience was granted. It would have been unwise of the Old King to delay matters relating to his successor. The messenger led the Little Girl’s master through the palace grounds and finally into the throne room where the Old King was sat. He asked the Little Girl to wait outside the room while he interceded on her behalf. She did as she was told. 
‘My King, it appears my slave carries the unborn child of our prince.’ His voice trembled as he spoke. The last thing he wanted was for this to come off as an attempt at blackmail or extortion. Not with the Old King. He would have his entire family executed at the slightest threat.
The Old King said nothing. 
‘She claims he forced himself on her on the night of the last New Moon festival and there were over a dozen slaves to bear witness. Left to me, I would have killed her already. But I thought perhaps it is not in my place to decide the fate of the seed she carries.’
The Old King said nothing. 
‘Of course, I am aware of the sensitive nature of this problem, which is why I brought it directly to you. Not even my wife knows that I am here. Whatever you command is my will.’ Now he was sweating. This wasn’t going nearly as easy as he imagined it would. The mere presence of the Old King on his throne was powerfully frightening. To watch him sitting in the plush red cushioned chair, with a leopard skin cover for a robe, a crown of dull gold, and a small elephant tusk in hand. He only needed to say the word, maybe even just give a nod, and his will would be executed. 
The Old King adjusted his feathered crown. 
‘You are a good man. Your gesture of loyalty will not go unappreciated.’
The Little Girl’s master smiled and bowed in great relief. 
‘Messenger!’
A small-framed man came running into the throne room.
‘See to it that this man is treated with a handful of cowries and a fat cow from our stables.’
‘Yes, my King’. The man nodded and ran along.
‘Thank you, my King. I do not deserve so much.’
‘Loyalty can never be rewarded enough. It is the rarest of traits in men these days. We will take it from here. If I need anything else from you, I will let you know.’ 
The Little Girl’s master was not exactly sure what they were going to do with the slave girl, but he knew her days were numbered. He walked out of the throne room and past her without as much as a glance in her direction. It was at that moment that she realized she was truly alone in this. Staring blankly, she watched as the messenger handed him a small pouch no bigger than an adult clenched fist. He opened it and poked around briefly as if counting stones for an estimate. There was only one thing it could be and she knew it. He had sold her to the Old King.
The Old King deliberated on the issue and solutions available to him. The easy option was to take her somewhere away from the rest of the village before slitting her throat. She was after all a slave girl. It’s not like anyone would come in search of her. But the Old King was not one to miss an opportunity and here a perfect one had presented itself. He was a firm believer in the adage that as a ruler it was better to be feared than to be loved. Love was after all a feeble emotion controlled largely by the giver. It could be lost just as easily as it could be gained. Fear, on the other hand, was of a different nature - a more permanent nature. It did not ask for submission, it demanded it. 
He was going to set a public example with this Little Girl— an example that would teach the people to fear the royal family. It didn’t matter that the lesson would be derived from a lie. The people would only ever hear of the truth in rumours and they probably wouldn’t care anyway. He had been a king long enough to understand that about people. For the most part, no one cared about the truth. People just wanted something to distract them from their miserable lives. The same thing applied to ruling. A king could easily be permitted to be as frivolous as a drunk or as corrupt as a thief. As long as the people were safe, fed, and entertained, they had no business planning any sort of a coup. As his father before him so eloquently put it; people don’t care for good government, they only care for good governance. It was only when incidents that upset their normal livelihood occurred that they stopped to think about who was actually running the kingdom. In Eyanka where the status quo was already so low with the people near impotent before the ruling class, they would have to be facing an existential threat before thoughts of any serious rebellion began to emerge. 
With this girl, he would drive the lesson home that a lie against the royals was a great offence. An offence so great it was punishable by death. It was a good way to silence people with fear. The Old King was under no illusion about the kind of man he had in a son. The Prince was going to need all the fear he could get to remain sitting on the throne when his time finally came. 
‘Messenger! Assemble the council for court. There is a matter we must discuss.’ 
























Chapter Twelve: Some Rains Ago

The Little Girl stood at the centre of the spacious royal court, her chest tightening with every breath as she felt an unseen mass choking her. Her naked feet scratched the ground and begged it to swallow her whole, but as it were; from her demise, there was to be no escape. What did it matter that they were holding a hearing for her case. She was not allowed to utter as much as a single word and even her master who could speak for her was nowhere to be found. She searched the room with her eyes, hoping against hope to spot at least one man on her side. Her efforts were all futile - seeds cast on barren rocks. The role of jury was ordained by royal appointment; or as the commoners liked to joke - loyal appointment. 
‘You dare speak lies against the throne, ohu, slave girl.’ One old man started.
‘You should be ashamed of yourself.’
‘Whore!’
These words cut her deep, but nowhere near as deep as the thought of losing the baby growing inside her. She found herself shielding her stomach without even thinking. She was not of the impression that she was ready for motherhood. So far she had only seen thirteen rains, and as a slave, she barely had enough for herself to survive on. Bringing someone else into the life she already lived was more of a curse than a blessing, but nonetheless, a part of her was protective of her unborn. 
‘May...’
‘Silence slave! How dare you speak before royalty, before the chosen, the holy? Alu!’ He clicked his fingers to rebuke the abomination of her words among them.
‘But I am telling the truth. It was...’ At the nod of the Old King’s head a royal guard silenced her with a blow to her stomach. She found herself curled up on the floor, battling with excruciating pain as she tried to catch her breath. Her body ached to scream but she suppressed it to an animalistic whimper, fearing more pain in reproach. 
‘Children these days have no respect. Even the slaves now feel they have a voice. When did we grow this soft as a village?’ The Old King leaned forward from his throne.
‘You dare speak lies against the prince, my son. You try to stain my lineage with your soiled bloodline. And you speak in my court without permission.’
He paused to allow the jury to soak up the gravity of the crimes levied against the slave. He had already made a statement condemning softness - a coy way of informing them to suppress all thoughts of leniency. He looked around the room to make eye contact with most of the jury, speaking words in silence with every glance. 
‘What shall we do to her?’ The Old King asked.
‘Kill her!’
‘Cut her head off.’
‘Death’ 
At the mention of these words, the Little Girl slumped into herself. She had never really thought about death or dying before. At her age, it seemed such a distant event that there was never a need to contemplate it. Now here it was, sudden, but yet, as real as it could ever be. At the thought of being beheaded, she felt a strange numbness come over her. She had been present for a beheading before, but she had never imagined it would be her head getting hacked at one day. It was a gruesome sight in every conceivable way. So gruesome that she could never keep her eyes open past the swing of the machete. And there were those occasions when the blade was not sharp enough or the neck was too thick. In these instances, one swoop was never enough. Those were the worst. Why wouldn’t they just use an axe? It was more efficient. She fought these thoughts but did not win.    
The Old King continued to chatter with the jury but now she was in a world of her own. Deaf to their voices and numb to the sentiments they carried, she found herself back at the shrine when they came to take her mother. Before now, she had refused to imagine the pain of being burnt to death. The sheer agony of one’s skin burning to the bone while they were still alive was a punishment not fit for even animals. Once she was burnt by the flame of a cooking fire, a mere flash of a flame. Nothing compared to what her mother had gone through. Maybe in death they would finally be reunited. She wondered if her mother’s spirit would remember her now that she was a bit older, a bit taller. These were the sort of thoughts she occupied her mind with before a guard came to drag her out of the court to lead her where she would be held before her execution. 
This was the kind of justice that was regularly dealt in Eyanka. For the most part, favour with the law was for the heavy pocketed - a tool for the powerful. 
The Little Girl found herself tossed in a dimly lit hut before being tossed into a cage so small she couldn’t even lie down without touching its walls. This place wasn’t fit for even a dog, not one loved by the master anyway. She tried to cover her nose but the stench of faeces and urine hung in the poorly ventilated air like a stain that would not go away. Her mind was everywhere at once and paradoxically nowhere at all. She tried to close her eyes for a minute hoping she would snap out of a horrible dream. When she opened them, she was exactly as she had been all the time. Alone, in pain, and in the dark.

***
When the hour came, after a few moons of feeding on scraps, a masked man opened the small door and beckoned her. 
‘It is time.’ He said, calmly.
As a precaution to ensure her silence, the man grabbed her by the jaw forcing her mouth open. Before she could take in the force of his grip, he fed her a red hot boiled stone so forcefully she lost some teeth on its way in. Her eyes widened with pain but her attempts to spit it out were futile as he cupped her mouth with a leather-gloved hand. Her entire body rattled with pain but he gripped her tight. Against his bulk, she was fighting a losing battle. After the stone cooled to a suitable temperature and her trashing subsided, he proceeded to gag her with a piece of cloth. She was already so weak from all the pain that she could barely resist anything. Willingly, she gave her wrists to be chained for the walk of shame around the village. At this point, in her mind, she courted death if it meant an escape from this life of agony. Even the child she wanted to stay for had eaten her teeth to survive starvation in the womb, only to be born and extinguished - to purify the sacred lineage they said. 
Marching through the streets she was greeted with curses, laughed at, stoned, and humiliated in just about every other way the villagers could think of.
‘Whore!’
‘Liar!’
‘Die!’
And then she found her head on the chopping block. 

It all ended at the thud of a head; the cheers, the whistling, the finger-pointing, the maniacal laughter, all of it. With the swing of a machete, the village Executioner sliced the Priestess’s daughter’s head clean off her shoulders before an on-looking crowd of overly excited villagers.
Chapter Thirteen  

With each passing day, the General’s daughter began to learn what life was like for the Oji. Slowly, she found herself losing all those things that made her human. First was the material nature of her existence as she had discovered on her return to the village. Then there was her loss of physical sensations and bodily functions. She stopped feeling the need to feed, couldn’t tell what was warm from what was cold, and of course, activities like visiting the latrine ceased too. Then came the second and more dreaded phase, memory loss. She could feel her entire idea of herself built on her memories slowly slipping away. It started with being able to remember names but unable to place faces, being able to remember events but unable to fix them in time or even place. She did not know how long till the deepest of her memories started to disappear, but she certainly hoped it would at least stay till the next New Moon when she would be able to embody a physical presence. For good measure, she carved out her plans on a tree trunk and read over them daily. 
It wasn’t until three days to the New Moon that she started to feel her body materializing again. She woke up in the morning to the feel of a cool breeze followed by cold droplets of rain. After the rain ceased, she hurried to a puddle in search of her reflection. She found nothing but blankness staring back at her. She had to wait it out till sundown to attain visibility. She would not be able to interact physically until the moon was full, but for the first phase of her plan, she only needed to be visible and audible. Through the year, she had been in and out of the village, eavesdropping on conversations while hiding in plain sight with the help of her spirit body. While her father rotted in royal detention, a faction of the army had assumed a new leader and plotted a rebellion to be staged on the New Moon festival. It was a near enough flawless plan. For the traditional royal parade, the royal guards would be concentrated in one place at the same time leaving the palace easily accessible to free the General. A trap will also be used to enclose the royal guards on the parade grounds, and a battle will ensue with any members of the village army that didn’t take sides with the rebels. A comprehensive list of all the councilmen had been made, and if they were not found, their families would die in their stead. Either way, a bloodbath was on the horizon. 
The General’s daughter had also taken advantage of her condition to pay frequent visits to the King and his council. Mostly, she did it to listen in on repeated debates about her father and his fate. It was obvious that they wanted to get rid of him, but killing him was not possible without repercussions. There was a risk of the people turning his death into martyrdom that would go on to inspire many more in the future to challenge authority. But more concerning was the risk of his death sparking a rebellion. A man loved and admired as much as the General could not be killed without just cause. Disrespect to the King while trying to save the life of his only daughter was not a good enough reason. The King and his council found themselves wishing a disease would take a hold of his body and kill him, but he remained in good health even if the lack of regular feeding had left him looking like a relic of himself.
The General’s daughter found herself battling with hesitation outside the palace walls. With her visibility returning, she had to be careful not to be seen even if she couldn’t be touched. However, getting caught was the least of her worries. She did not know how her father was going to take her appearance. She wanted to assume that he already considered her dead. There was even an empty grave in her name, but she wasn’t sure if the news had reached his ears in its finality. Would he still be angry at her? Would he ever forgive her? These were some of the thoughts that restrained her at the fence before she forced herself to see the bigger picture. This wasn’t about her and her family. This was about an entire village which consisted of many other families - fathers, daughters and mothers, like hers. With that affirmation, she walked through the palace walls and began to find her way to her father’s place of keeping. To her surprise, she was able to pinpoint where he was by instinct. Perhaps this was how the Oji was able to select the heads she came to claim. When it came to sensing another spirit, time and space was not a factor. 
She stood outside the hut for a few breaths then with all the courage she had mustered, she stepped in. 
‘Papa...’
The General wasn’t sure if this was his mind playing a trick on him; perhaps some sort of lucid dream, or a full-blown case of delirium. He willed his body into wakefulness to break out of sleep’s powerful grip. This only made his perception clearer leaving his mind in a higher state of confusion.
‘My? But...but how is this possible? They told me you were...’ he couldn’t get himself to pronounce it, ‘there was a burial though I could not attend.’ He moved as close to her as the entrapment would let him, clutching the bars he was caged in. It wasn’t quite close enough to reach her.
The General’s daughter said nothing but instead stared at her feet. 
The General studied her closer. She was in exactly the same clothes she wore the last time he laid eyes on her. Even her hair was the same. In his guilt, he had carried that memory with him since the day he was arrested. Every time he would think of her, he would ponder on something he could have done to save her. He should have taken her with him and watched over her, he should have ignored the chain of command and led his men into the forest as soon as he realized she was missing, he should have gone in search of her all by himself...anything but what he actually ended up doing.
‘How did you get in here?’ he asked.
Again, she said nothing. She just reached out to him till her hand was inside his body. In that one gesture, she had told him everything he needed to know. What he saw before his eyes might have been his daughter in some ways, but in many other ways, she had become someone else, something else. 
‘No...no...no.’ tears began to stream down his face. It was the first time he ever cried over her loss. All this while he had refused to accept it as reality and in this place of captivity, he had found no time to grieve. 
‘I am so sorry. I tried to save you, but I was not strong enough.’
It pained her to know that all this while he blamed himself for her foolishness. The thought of it made her feel even worse about what she had done. Not able to hold herself, she too began to break down in tears even if nothing poured from her eyes.
‘I’m so sorry. I should have never left the house. It’s all my fault.’
‘It’s okay, it’s okay. I just want to know if you are okay where you are now, if you are at peace. That is all that matters now.’ 
She shook her head, ‘I am trapped in this uwa anu realm with the Oji, and my spirit will not cross over to uwa nmo realm without hers. That is actually why I am here. To find my way back to the spirit realm.’
He braced himself for what she was about to say.
‘A great rebellion is coming. And you might not know it now, but you are very much at the centre of it.’ She went on to tell him how a rebel faction in the army would be coming to free him and how he would be expected to replace the King after his execution. 
‘I am not fit to be any man’s King, Eze is not in my lineage. We are warriors, not priests or priest-kings. I don’t want this.’
‘This is more than what you want. This is the only way the Oji’s spirit can find peace and it is the only way I can be free too. You are kind, loved, fair, and just. If not you, then who?’ 
Her words found his heart, even as he tried to deny them. Often, it was the case with good men in Eyanka to be avoidant of politics. The darker sides of the game, like forced alliances with evil or silence in the face of tyranny, made it something to be kept away from. The same could not be said of men that did not mind soiling their hands in their bid to acquire power. The General was no stranger to the role of leadership, so he was not under any impression that a leader only needed to be everything good. He was very aware of the need for a leader to exhibit some evil virtues necessary for the protection of his people and himself. But for him, it wasn’t about the fear of not being able to do the needful when reason arose, it was the pressure of embodying this image of perfection the village had created for him. He was after all just human, and hence susceptible to all human tendencies, virtues and vices.
‘Without justice for the killing of the Little Girl, her spirit will know no peace and there is no person this village trusts more to restore the balance of justice in the land. Everyone is counting on you. It is the only way to lift the curse. I have to go now. I’m not sure when my body will start to materialize and I cannot be trapped here with you.’
She wanted to embrace him but she knew better. They bade each other goodbyes with a nod and then she turned around to leave.
‘You must meet with the Mad Man, if anyone knows how to appease the girl, it’s him.’ The General’s daughter paused for a second then she carried on without looking back. 
***
The Mad Man still lived in the shack of a hut he had made for himself many years ago. It was littered with drinking horns and palm wine pots. The stench attracted flies but he seemed not to mind. He was used to it now. Still contemplating what he had to live for now that he had been vindicated of his insanity, he traded the search for consolation for the search for meaning. Like most drunks, he looked no further than the bottom of his bottles. 
‘Hello.’
He was startled by the sound of her voice. A lifetime of solitude would do that to anyone. At first, he wondered if he was hearing voices in his head. Perhaps the madness he was often accused of had finally caught up with him. He searched the space with his eyes and found nothing at first. Then out of the blue, she appeared. When she saw the bewildered look on his face, she thought perhaps walking through the door wasn’t the brightest of ideas. 
On seeing this, the Mad Man scurried to the wall, frantically waving his drinking horn like it was some type of weapon. 
‘Help…help me.’ He screamed. 
It was of no use; he lived far away from the rest of the village. Not even a lion’s roar could save him at this distance.
‘Calm down, I need your help.’ The General’s daughter tried to pacify him. 
‘I don’t know anything. I have told the King everything I know. Please, just leave me alone.’ This had to be the drink talking, showing him things. Perhaps it was all a dream. He would never take stale palm wine again, never. 
‘I’m sorry. I was the one that told them where you went. Is that what this is about? I'm sorry.’ 
‘No no no, I just want to know. How can I appease the spirit of the Oji, you are the only one that spoke to her mother so many years ago. I need you to remember. Please, can you do that for me?’ 
Now the Mad Man was beginning to calm down. He wore a pensive look on his face as he tried to retrieve a memory faded through rains and washed with drink.  
‘I remember the mother said something about her daughter must return crowned to her when justice is restored. I don’t even know what that means.’ 
‘Did she say anything else?’
He paused to think, ‘it has been so many rains now. I can’t remember. That is all I know.’
‘She must return crowned. What do you think that means?’ The General’s daughter asked.
‘I don’t know, maybe she wants the Kings crown?’ He shrugged.
‘You don’t have to be afraid of me.’ She sighed, ‘I wonder if that fool we call our king will ever give up his crown ’ 
With those words, the General’s daughter walked through the walls and into the night. The revolution had begun.     


















Chapter Fourteen

The New Moon festival had gone from a time of festivity and celebration to an evening of dread and horror. As usual, the party proceeded, but not without the fog of nervousness hanging in every corner of the village. As the forest burned through the year, all sorts of illnesses began to crop up in the villagers. Some said it was retribution from the spirits, others thought it was the animals and flies fleeing their burning homes to bring new diseases where they went. Regardless of what side you were on, no one wanted the fires to continue. This night, however, was not about the burning. There was something about the thought that at least one person would be dead by sunrise that made everyone tense. And not just dead, but violently killed too; gruesomely devoured. It didn’t matter how much palm wine was consumed or how fast the drums rolled out the sound of music, nothing could suppress that dread of mortality. It was the same question on everybody’s mind, who would it be this time?
The King had made considerable progress in his mission to burn the forest to the ground, but it was going to take him a few more years to realize that dream in its entirety. At this point, he couldn’t assure his subject that their safety could be guaranteed. And in his heart, he now knew that was a promise he would never be able to make again. The demolition of the Ingiga Forest only served as an illusion of action against what had come to become a yearly ritual.
The whispers of a rebellion had grown loud and spread far, but the details of the plans remained a mystery to those not involved. The King, of course, was aware of a plot against him, but he could neither finger the perpetrators nor uncover their plans, although he had his suspects and suspicions. He figured he was safest surrounded by the royal guards, but in these days of popular discontent, it was hard to know who to trust. It only took a stab to the heart and life was over too soon. He searched the faces of his guards but he found no sign of betrayal. A part of him wanted to cancel the royal parade but this was a tradition that predated even his father’s father. Not turning up for it would send a message of fear to his enemies and they would feed on it. If he knew holding the General captive would spiral into something this nerve-wracking, he would have granted the man his wish to go in search of his daughter in the burning forest with the aid of the village army and even his royal guards. Surely that would have secured him some type of favour in the General’s heart, the kind of favour that would have protected him from a rebellion. 
A year seemed like long enough to have taught the General a lesson about where his place was, so the King had decided to free him on this very night before the entire village. It was a move no one had seen coming, but it made the rebel soldiers’ mission much easier. Now, they could afford to consolidate all of their forces at the village square instead of parting with some men to go on a rescue mission in the palace. It seemed like everything was going to plan. The moment he was sighted, word spread quickly that he was alive and being moved for the parade. 
In the Ingiga Forest, the General’s daughter watched the Oji with more apprehension every second. As far as her eyes could tell, the full white moon already hung in the night sky, and the once in a year full red with it too - but neither of them had materialized into a physical form. Would she feel it coming? Would it be painful? Would...
Her train of thought was broken by a burning sensation on her skin. It started with her arm, and then all of a sudden, her entire being was on fire like someone had set her alight from her very bones. The pain was so excruciating it had her rattling on the floor, eyes rolling to the back of her skull, jaw clenching till it hurt.
The Oji only had about a second to take in what was happening to her friend. Before she could rush to her aid, she felt a sharp pain around her own throat. She attacked her neck, scratching the nape so hard she broke her skin with chunks of flesh getting embedded in her fingernails. As if conducted in a deliberate symphony, the two girls lashed out screaming as the transition from spirit beings to material beings unfolded. The General’s daughter had seen a few women giving birth. Midwifery was a skill every Eyankan woman was raised with. As her body ached in transition - she was beginning to understand what the elders meant when they said that there was a special pain a birthing mother takes for her child’s final transition from the spirit world to the physical. The Little Girl cursed at the spirits and their wicked sense of balance.
When they were conscious of their body, the General’s daughter stared at her palms in horror. Her entire skin had been burnt black. She was thinking of how best to get a look at her face when the Oji began to rise. She had heard about the headless Oji but nothing had prepared her for this sight. No more than ten paces away stood a headless child with a blood-stained neck, a mass of darkness forming around her as she began to levitate - a severed head clutched in her palm. 
‘Can you hear me?’
The Oji said nothing.
‘You need to stay here. Remember what we talked about?’
The Oji’s demeanour did not change regardless of the General’s daughter’s attempt to jog her memory. She did not even look at her. Rather, she stared into the distance, as if listening for a sound emanating from afar.
‘We need to stay here. Soon the King will be made to pay for his crimes against you and we can both go home. You will get your justice.’
The Oji said nothing. 
‘I can’t let you leave here. Do you understand?’
Without warning, she attacked at inhuman speed. Before the General’s daughter could comprehend what had happened, she was tumbling into the Oji’s collection of heads. In this body, she was impervious to pain but that didn’t stop the hit from affecting her orientation. Before she could pull herself together, the Oji was off, moving so fast she appeared to be jumping through space.
In the village square, it was finally time for the royal parade. First came the masquerade runner to clear the parade path with his whip. Behind him, men banged on loud drums followed by dancers escorting the masquerade. After the masquerade and dancers had performed for a while, the drummers changed the rhythm of their beat to usher in the King. He came in walking in the middle of two lines of armed guards, dressed in all black in memory of the late Queen. Behind the trail of guards, the General followed in chains with a man visibly holding the keys to his freedom, hung around his neck. His eyes searched the vicinity for any sign of the rebels. He found nothing. Then he thought to himself where he would hide for a surprise attack on the village square. His eyes moved to the village barn where food was often stored for wholesale distribution to the retail market women. He knew immediately that this was where they would be waiting. It was the only structure big enough to hide a small battalion. His guess was that they would attack as soon as the King took to the square for his speech. Once the King was dead, the royal guards would be without a commander. Their fealty will be to whoever is nominated to wear the crown. 
The King was already making his way to the front of the line after the guards stopped. 
‘Eze’m, no!’ The General broke into a sprint but was quickly subdued by one of the guards. It didn’t matter anymore; a commotion was all he needed. In the midst of all the panic, the royal guards secured the King by forming a human shield around him. The General was held by two guards with machetes to his throat while an on-looking crowd watched in awe as the drums fell to complete silence. The silence was short-lived.
First was the sound of an arrow cutting through air, and then a cry of agony as it connected with a royal guard’s chest. Before the guards could switch their weapon on hand from swords, which were practically useless at long-distance combat, the rebels had managed to take out almost half of them with their shots from the barn. The General noticed the way the soldiers convulsed from the hit, their mouths bubbling with yellow foam. He was happy it was only oginani, the temporary paralysis poison used mostly for hunting. The ogunani would have brought with it a red foam, and of course, death too. 
By the time the royal guards had their bows armed with arrows, the rebels had covered enough space to reduce the advantage of distance. It was all part of their strategy. At the current range, the royal guards just about managed a shot each before the rebels were close enough for close contact engagement. Again, the rebels took advantage of the royal guards switching weapons taking out half of what was left of them. Sometimes the cuts were shallow as intended for men to live, other times it was deep, and death followed. The General counted many women among the rebels. Perhaps, his Little Girl was in many ways, alive, eternal even.
At this point, the royal guards knew it was a losing battle. The rebels outnumbered them and clearly came to the battle with a plan to win. Regardless, they fought gallantly like the warriors they were sworn to be. The crowd was dispersing quickly, but some villagers chose to watch the battle even if from a distance. Blades met each other releasing sparks of fire in the air followed by the occasional splatter of blood when a warrior was slain. In the midst of all the chaos, it became almost impossible to tell who was on whose side or even who was winning. The village square had become a battlefield running red with the blood of the fallen as Eyankan history unfolded under the light of a red New Moon. Then all of a sudden, the madness died.        
The Oji appeared precisely at the centre of the village square; no more than a pace away from the exact spot she was beheaded. Quietly, she placed her head on the ground, the normally illumed eyes now just a pool of black with a glint of fiery yellow.  The warriors and spectating villagers could feel her stare sweep through every onlooker like she was in search of something, or someone. Nobody waited to find out who or what she was after. As soon as they realized what exactly they were staring at, the villagers took to their heels. 
‘No!’ the General’s caution was too late. One of the royal guards released an arrow at the Oji, aiming for her heart. Without bothering to retrieve the arrow from her body; the Oji moved to fix her head back on. When she clicked the skull onto her spine, her eyes burned red like the moon. Without waiting, she attacked the soldiers. 
Indiscriminately, she moved at as fast as a shifting shadow ripping through hearts and guts at the swipe of an arm. The soldiers swung with all they had, but it was always the same outcome. They either missed or made another ineffective connection, burying their blades in a monster that didn’t as much as flinch in pain. 
The Oji had claimed maybe eight lives when she stopped moving. At this point, the rebels found themselves in an alliance with the royal guards. They surrounded the creature in dreadful anticipation, but their weapons like their courage were useless before her. It started with one soldier trembling. He let his sword fall to the ground, and then he dropped to his knees in agonizing pain - screaming as blood streamed down his ears. The others found themselves frozen in confusion, and like a plague hurled by a ghastly wind, pain like they had never felt before swept through the battlefield. Screams of agony erupted as the soldiers found themselves in so much pain that it drove them over the edge of sanity causing them to attack each other. 
The General watched with what strength he had left as soldiers gouged at each other’s eyes and attacked with their teeth like wild beasts. At this point, they were so enraged with pain that it didn’t matter what side anyone was on. They were just blindly reaching out to the nearest person with more murderous intent than they could ever unleash with their stable mind.
The General wanted to ask them to stop, but he had to save what strength he had left to fight the delirium that was quickly consuming his own mind. This was it, this was the end. He was sure of it. After all this time, he was to pass with only the screams of dying men and the sound of a fading fire. All for what? His eyes searched for the King. Even through the agony the coward held the crown with a clenched fist, clutched to his burning chest. He should have let them kill the bastard. Darkness began to descend upon him. He thought of his wife, his daughter, why was she not...the darkness encroached, then it subsided.      
The Oji felt a push that sent her rolling away from the circle of soldiers. The General’s daughter had to hit her with everything she had. As the two readied themselves for battle, the soldiers regained consciousness with pain leaving their body. Immediately, they began to search for their weapons. 
 	‘Don’t shoot!’ without thinking the General moved his body to stand between his daughter and the line of arrows. ‘She is here to help us.’
‘My King, there will be no justice in this land until you surrender your crown at her feet.’ The Mad Man said, coming forward from the vantage point he watched from.
The King remained hidden behind what was left of his human shield. 
‘Violence will only beget more violence and the cycle will continue. There has been enough bloodshed. Just surrender your crown to the Oji and let it go.’ The General suggested.
Still not convinced, the rebels maintained their pose, ready to release their arrows at the slightest of threats. 
A few breaths of intense silence passed with suspicion and fearful eyes darting to the King and the girls. With a sigh, the King commanded his guards to let him out of their protection. With trembling hands, he approached the Oji and then he rested his crown by her feet. Slowly, she bent down and offered him her head. The King turned to the General and the Mad Man - both nodded to encourage him. He placed the crown on her head and then he stepped back, eyes still shaking with fear. The Oji ran her fingers over the golden crown, delicate with her touch as if a heavy hand would have broken it. The soldiers and guards had lowered their arms at this point.
‘We have to go now.’ The General’s daughter said. She walked up to the Oji and took her hand. As the soldiers watched, clouds pooled over the moonlit sky and it began to rain. First it was a drizzle, and then with a flash of lightning that must have torn the heavens open, the kind of rain the village begged for descended upon them. In the cover of water, the girls began to shape-shift into their natural bodies before they were maimed by death. Their skin glowed with the brightest light and like leaves in a harmattan wind; they began to scatter into countless pieces like a swarm of fireflies until nothing remained where they once stood. The General’s eyes welled with tears as he watched his daughter whole again holding hands with the Oji’s beautiful spirit - slowly eroding into nothingness. 
It was the last time anyone ever laid eyes on them.   
***
A small girl shook her head, ‘This is not how my father told me this story. How do we know you are not adding salt and pepper? What is the General’s daughters real name?’
	‘Everybody knows the village was renamed Udodi after the New King’s daughter from when he was a General.’ A small boy answered before the storyteller could reply.
‘It doesn’t matter what your father told you Noni.’ the storyteller continued, ‘what is important is that we learn the need for justice, fairness, the responsibility of leadership, and the importance of upholding our laws and principles at all times. Without these things, we cannot hope to build a beautiful village like we have today where all is equal and can live in harmony. Even our Eze now must vacate the throne after seven years for a new one to be chosen. Bloodline is no longer enough to buy you power.’
‘Hmm, and how do you know all this? Were you there all the time?’ Noni asked.
‘You are a smart little one aren’t you? No I was not always there, but up until the last day the village ever saw the Oji and the General’s daughter, I was known as the village Mad Man. Since then I have not known a drop of palm wine.’
The old man stood up, adjusted his garment and left the children to argue over parts of the story they had heard differently from their parents and other sources. A man in worn robes; holed and tattered, approached him - reeking of palm wine from the pores of his skin.
	‘Care for some.’ He reached out with his drinking horn, ‘it is after all the New Moon festival.’
He smiled at the old High Priest and kept on walking.  













MORE FROM THE SAGELANDS

THE SKY SAGE
(BOOK ONE OF THE SAGELAND CHRONICLES)









BY Obinna Ofor and William Moore











CHAPTER 1
A Pecking

Onye kwe, chi ya ekwe. What a person accepts, his life force must accept. Accept what is and we can rebuild. The bazaar of Branom will be filled again in time. The domes of Esoreem will glisten across the waters once more. Rain will wash away the blood on the streets, and life will continue. 
Or you can start anew. Perhaps things will be slightly better. Perhaps things will be much worse. Perhaps you will die, and he will win, and then the choice will no longer be yours to make.
So, what say you, Boy.  E’ga ekwe? Will you accept?
Boy?
‘Wake up boy!’	
The Boy shook his head as a rolled-up paper hit his face.  He squeezed his eyes shut. A memory that seemed so vivid-- so important, was escaping him. The more he tried to recall it, the more it was lost to him.
‘Start anew… start anew.’ 
Though a whisper, his words echoed around the quiet darkening hall they sat in. In the dusk, the grey stone walls were now ash; the grey stone floor cold.  Start anew was all he could remember now, and he repeated it many more times in his mind.
‘Where has your mind gone?’  
The boy stared blankly at Attawa. 
 ‘They are back,’ Attawa said, ‘Or am I mistaken? It's hard to tell since I am blind,’ he turned his head to face the adjacent corridor, squinting his eyes, raising his brows, creasing his forehead.
‘Yes. Right. No, you are right. They are back,’ the boy’s voice still rang with confusion.
‘Is everything well with you, brother?’
‘Yes. Everything is okay now.’
The boy had heard that the two-day journey to Horn’s End was more fun than it was a chore. More adventure than trial. The older boys who had gone on the journey came back with exciting stories – tales of cozy nights beside low fires, close encounters with wild beasts and the bravery of the masters that guided them. They told tales of how they had to hunt down their food and how it was more respectable to not eat at all – the journey to Horn’s End was after all, a test of survival. Still, all the boys who told tales of their journey spoke with glee and nostalgia, while the rest of the boys yet to see their thirteenth rain looked forward to taking it. They looked forward to earning the brown bead, the first to be worn on their honour bracelets; and they looked forward to the title the bead came with d’uzo, master of paths. For many of them, it would be the first of many titles that would be worn on their wrist. 
Barely setting their bags down, the boys eagerly huddled around the fire that blazed in the temple’s great hall. One said he had been awoken by the howls of hungry jackals swept in by the chill night wind. Another spoke of how a wild bird had descended on his rabbit stew and then went on to claw at him when he tried to shoo it away. The boys laughed and teased and sought out more stories as the dancing fire crackled and popped in the darkness. Soon they grew tired of the stories of the recent past, and so focused their innocence on pursuits yet to be conquered. They bragged about the many honours they would add unto their bracelets during their lifetime. Someone bragged that his honour bracelet would be beaded with every colour there was. Red and black and white and blue. Another countered that he would earn the d’ofor, master of truth, pointing out that it was all that was needed. With it, all manner of doors would be opened to him. With it, he could walk into the halls of kings and counsel generals as he saw fit. The boy then spoke for the first time that night, pointing out that one who earned d’ofor could never be dishonourable, not even a little.
‘If you ever lie or cheat or hold ill intent, the d’ofor bead will become so heavy on your wrist that you won’t be able to lift your arm. And if you put it down in dishonour, you won’t be able to pick it back up. It makes me wonder; is it you wearing the d’ofor bead, or is it the d’ofor bead wearing you?’ 
The boy’s name was Zoowee. 
The other boys paused to take in Zoowee’s words. A most polite thing; nodding gently and contouring their lips, some twitching their heads suddenly as though Zoowee’s words rose up and slapped them across the face. But no one responded, and this too was polite. They soon carried on talking about other things. Zoowee listened to them quietly, as he always did, before trailing off into his own thoughts, his own head. The world he preferred to live in. 
Most who knew Zoowee thought him shy but he wasn’t. He was just much better at listening than he was at speaking. He listened so well he could capture the pictures that words painted in his mind, and on dull and uneventful days, he could sift through these memories in search of company. Thus, the pictures he painted in his mind weren’t meant for days like this. This day was eventful and uneventful in all the right ways, and he was tingling with anticipation for his journey the next day. Still, a feeling pecked at Zoowee’s mind. A feeling that worried him in a way he didn’t fully understand, filling him with a strange and yet somehow familiar dread. 
More young monks joined the fire. More laughing followed. More assurances of how exciting the journey to Horn’s End would be for those scheduled to leave in the morning. Zoowee’s eyes rested on the fire in a distant stare, his stomach queasy from a feeling that hovered like a shadow. Attawa announced that it was time for bed, reminding them that the masters prefer washing down the cold darkness with silence. Zoowee dusted his burnt ash robe and silently made his way to his room. Not wanting to dwell on the feeling that wouldn’t stop pecking, he forced himself into meditation, and then he forced himself into sleep. 












CHAPTER 2
Two Foolish Monks

IN THE MORNING, Zoowee rose early from his raffia bed. The sun wasn’t yet out but the roosters crowed in the darkness. Master Tufu was already packed and waiting for him. Zoowee was glad it was Tufu and not Fadin that waited.
‘Where are the rest of my brothers?’ Zoowee asked, his eyes searching for signs of the other young monks.
‘Fadin won’t be tagging along any longer. An expectant mother requires his attention. His young monks won’t be coming along too. I guess it’s just you and me left.’
‘Fadin still performs midwifery?’ Zoowee thought only younger Masters handled that sort of task, and not elderly monks. Master Tufu smiled at him. ‘I suppose you think the job of the older Masters is only to criticise without having to get their hands dirty. I can’t even lie, sometimes I think it too.’ The master chuckled to himself. ‘Fadin earned his d’ama bead a long time ago. He is skilled in surgery and medicine like all the other Masters here.’ Tufu rolled back his sleeve to expose his beaded honour bracelet. His bracelet was filled with all sorts of colours, all sorts of honours. Alongside his red bead he had the white d’uwa, which stood for knowledge of world affairs; the blue d’milli, for knowledge of navigation and sailing; the black d’ike, for mastery of a deadly martial art; the brown d’uzo, for mastery in surviving in the wild; and finally, there was the purple d’okwu, for mastery in negotiation and strategy. 
‘You will earn the red bead too Zoowee. It is a requirement for becoming a Master here.’
‘I know that. It’s just that dealing with blood isn’t something I am looking forward to. As many beads as you have, there are many more you don’t have. Like the green, for instance…’
‘The d’ani. I don’t care much for herbs…’
‘The yellow?’
‘I used to have the d’aka when it stood for carpentry. Now, if a contraption isn’t fused with lume it isn’t considered a contraption. So, I and many other monks got rid of ours.’
‘That is my point’ said Zoowee. ‘You can pick and choose what honour you would like to have.’
‘True. Still there are things that all monks must be knowledgeable in; surgery is one of them.’ Tufu looked at Zoowee like a mother would at her son. He rubbed Zoowee’s curly brown hair.
‘This place is not a prison Zoowee. You mustn’t be a Master. Many young monks have left here and gone on to do great things when they become of age. More people leave than stay, as I am sure you have noticed.’ His eyes looked about the quiet passage they stood in. His voice echoed back to him. He did not wait for Zoowee’s response. Rather, he picked up his tired leather rucksack and headed towards the kitchen.
Zoowee went back into his room and picked up his already packed cloth bag. At the kitchen they filled their goatskin pouches with water from the taps. Master Tufu opened the oven, peeped into it, and removed two cassava bread rolls from inside. He tossed one to Zoowee with a wink. He took a large bite out of the second bread roll, and then tossed the remainder to Zoowee as well.
‘Are we foolish, Zoowee?’ Master Tufu said with a grin.
Zoowee suppressed his smile but still it gleamed through his eyes.
‘No we are not Master.’
‘Then eat up. We have a hard journey ahead of us. Save the second roll for the journey in case we don’t see anything on the way. And that reminds me…’ Master Tufu looked around the kitchen for a few moments before finally going into the pantry and emerging with large pieces of meat covered with salt. He tucked them in his bag and proceeded for the exit. 
'Substitutes for our flesh. In case we run into any beasts along the way.’
The first light of the sun appeared, casting an amber belt over the dark and distant eastern horizon. The monastery was mostly quiet, although many monks were already up and about, quietly going about their chores. The pair walked downhill, the brisk morning wind passing through their sandals to numb their toes, smacking their faces and drying up their noses. They walked through the exit of the Horn Monastery, and a few hours later, they found themselves walking past the sleepy market town. Tufu walked ahead of Zoowee, humming to himself. Zoowee watched him and wondered where the master found his peace. Zoowee himself was still not at peace with the day, and he still had no idea why. His belly churned, and from time to time the nape of his neck prickled. He had this eerie feeling he couldn’t shake - the feeling of being watched, by distant eyes with unknown intentions. Still, Zoowee walked behind the master quietly and obediently.
The two finally walked along the desolate countryside where little grew, and even fewer roamed. Had they headed west, they would have met the salty sea, its waves carving cliffs from rocks. But they headed east as they should. And nothing for miles rested east – nothing but wild creatures. 
Tufu held tightly to his staff, which doubled as a walking stick. A metal spear was strapped on his back. He had ceased humming, and the easy cheer on his face had since given way to an attentive gaze. Zoowee walked closer to him, and every now and again he would turn, to see if they were being stalked by something. He saw nothing, only the monastery, like a speck in the distance holding still in the wind.
For what seemed like hours they walked, and very little was said between them. The sun was now high in the sky, and it burnt their faces. The cold morning air that once was had since gone, leaving an afternoon so hot that it caused Master Tufu to tuck his sleeves under his honour bracelet to avoid burning his skin.
‘About two miles from here we will find some jelly plants. It will help protect our skin from the heat.’ Tufu cleared his throat with a cough followed by a spit. ‘The sun is unusually hot today. We’ll be as dark as the Arominians before you know it.’ 
Zoowee almost laughed. Perhaps he would have if his mind didn’t weigh so heavy with the feeling he struggled to name. ‘We will find a pool and some shade in about two miles. We can eat some of our food there before carrying on.’
The oasis was finally in view. Birds of prey hovered around the pond in the midday sky—eagles and owls, larger than any Zoowee had ever seen before.  The largest of the owls clutched a black snake in its talons. It made a loud hoot and flew low towards the two travelers. Zoowee fell to the ground, burying his face in his arms. When Zoowee summoned enough courage to rise to his feet, the owl was far from them, perched on a palm tree, staring at Zoowee. The snake in its claws was gone.  Zoowee stared at it, and then stared at Tufu who was still walking ahead, undisturbed by whatever Zoowee had experienced. 
‘We will camp there,’ Tufu pointed towards a high mound a stone's throw from where they were. ‘We can see far from there. When the sun dips, we can continue our journey. Are you okay?’
Zoowee nodded, it was just a bird. To distract himself more than anything else, he immediately went to work on building the tent. He removed four heavy nails and a hammer from his bag and Tufu unfolded a large tent from his. 
‘Do not nail it in,’ the older monk came to where Zoowee squatted and poured some of his water in the spots the nails were to be hammered into. Zoowee watched him as he chiseled and stirred the soil with the hammer’s handle. When it seemed loose enough, he poked the nails into the ground and then dressed the earth around it. 
‘There we go! We don’t want to draw any predator’s attention with the hammering.’ He twisted the middle of his spear and pulled it apart until the spear stood nearly ten feet in the air. Ropes were attached to the spear, and then knotted down tight to the buried nails in the four corners around them. Tufu stabbed the spear’s pointy end into the ground, and Zoowee helped him dress the tent cloth over the structure.
‘Light a fire Zoowee. I will find us food.’
‘I didn’t bring any red lume.’ 
‘Many generations lived before the discovery of lumes, Zoowee. You cannot hope to be a d’uzo if you cannot make a simple fire, can you?’
‘No sir-’ Zoowee said, ‘I will find some sticks.’ Zoowee was about to exit the tent when master Tufu grabbed his arm.
‘You may use your abilities if you choose… to be sure the area is safe.’ 
Zoowee nodded, glad that Master Tufu found a use for his abilities rather than fear them like most did. When Zoowee was a child, the other children thought he was Osu, an unwanted, of some sort. When the brown of his eyes glowed white, he could see, smell, and hear things that escaped the senses. And when the other boys gossiped as they did about the likes of him and Attawa, the cursed word osu edging but never quite falling from their tongues, Zoowee would hear them. Even through walls, he would hear them. He could smell them too. The hearing and smelling part came easy to him. For his hearing, it often started out as whispers in the wind. All Zoowee needed to do was shut out the other noises around him and slowly the whispers weren’t whispers anymore, but words as clear to the hearing as a gong in the morning. His sense of smell followed the same path as his hearing, for the most part. He could detect smells foreign to paths he frequented. One time, the hard-boiled eggs Zoowee had hoarded for breakfast were taken from under his pillow. Zoowee caught the scent of the culprit and tracked the scent to the library where he came across Master Fadin, seated and bent over a scroll, chomping slowly on the first egg while peeling off the shell of the second. His advanced sight on the other hand always proved to be difficult because it usually came with discomforting convulsions. At those times, Zoowee often had to hold his head steady with his palms to keep it from shaking. But still, it shook. The other boys, as anticipated whispered. And Zoowee, as expected, heard them. He did not like it, and fought not to hate it either.
 The sun was still as hot as it was harsh. Zoowee found a rock to sit on and closed his eyes. In a few moments his senses opened up. The once quiet desert was now filled with a million sounds and smells. He could hear insects crawling on rocks and he could smell the leaves on the trees around the oasis. He opened his eyes. They were white and with them he could see far into the distance.  A convulsion simmered and immediately he shut his eyes to stop it from overcoming him, but not before peeking for the eagles and owls that circled the sky. They were gone now. 
He blinked repeatedly until he was certain his eyes had returned to their normal amber brown, and then, he rose from the rock and proceeded into the oasis.  It wasn’t hard for him to find the jelly plant. It was in abundance. The monks of old made sure of that. He cut off a few stems and tucked them into his bag. All that was left to do now was to find sticks for the fire. 
Some dead palm branches lay on the ground, layers on top of layers. It was as though the palm tree that stood high beside it had shed its branches in the same spot over time. Zoowee approached the heap and tugged on the topmost layer. It wouldn’t move. Rather it made crackling sounds-- unusual crackling sounds. Like thunder. Zoowee thought perhaps it was the sound of the sun-dried branches, maybe mildly amplified by his hearing. He grabbed some branches with both hands and with the strength of his legs he pulled hard on them. Underneath the heap were owls, eyes as black as night before flickering into lightning blue. They rushed at Zoowee, clawing at him. Once. Twice. Six times. Zoowee screamed. He rolled on the ground, kicking and shouting at them. They did not relent, rather they clawed at him more attentively, almost meticulously, like a human would. A panicked Zoowee managed to raise himself off the ground, and he ran - faster than he ever did playing shove race. Scared to wood, he did not look anywhere but in the direction of Master Tufu. With his arms over his face to shield his eyes, he ran quicker as he felt his oki.  When his powers kicked in, his eyes turned white and he could hear the wild flapping of the birds around him again. He poked his head out of the arms it was buried in to see Tufu running towards him, their tent behind him.
‘Zoowee what is it?’
‘Get them off me! Get them off me!’ 
‘Get what off you?’ Master Tufu sounded both concerned and confused.
‘The owls… the owls are…’ Zoowee looked around and saw nothing. He pulled up his sleeves to see where the owls had clawed. The spots still stung, but there was nothing to show - no cuts, no marks.
‘Zoowee are you alright?’ Tufu asked, looking even more puzzled.
‘I don’t understand.’ Zoowee examined his body some more, unhinged from the experience he was still living. Master Tufu looked at Zoowee with widened eyes, before easing up with a loud sigh.
‘It’s the heat, young monk. It does that to people.’
‘I know what I saw. I know what I felt. They cut and scratched me all over.’
‘You have no cuts, Zoowee. Let’s get some shade. It’s been a hard walk, and the sun is unkind.’ He rolled Zoowee’s sleeves back down and the two walked back to the tent.
	‘Zoowee what happened to you happens to many people. They call it the Desert Madness. You were exposed for far too long in the sun. That was all it was.’
‘Yes Master,’ was all Zoowee could say. He looked at the ground as he spoke, ashamed to look the Master in the eye. He was sure Tufu would not judge him, and even if he did, not harshly, but he worried the incident might disqualify him from becoming a Diuzo. Knowing Master Tufu, as soon as evening came, they would turn around and head back to the monastery. In the sky the sun already appeared to be cooling, the sky darkening.
‘Just drink more water Zoowee,’ Tufu said, his tone as steady as it was reassuring, ‘You should have drunk a lot before we left.’ The master’s calm demeanor did little to calm Zoowee. If anything, it rattled him even more. The Master Tufu he knew would have scolded him on the matter if he truly believed that hydration was the issue. Perhaps he knew more than he was letting on. Still, Zoowee drank more water as the master had asked him to.
‘I know you want us to carry on Zoowee but I…’
‘It was the heat. I am fine now, I swear it.’ Zoowee wasn’t even sure if he was lying. For all he knew it could have been the desert madness after all, although it felt very real, and his arms still stung just brushing against his sleeves. It even felt familiar… like it had happened before. Before Zoowee could think any further about all that had been happening, his eyes widened with what he saw next.  A snake, black and glistening – like the one he had seen in the claws of the owl, slithered silently into Tufu’s bag.  Zoowee leapt backwards from where he sat and his abruptness startled Tufu to reach for his staff. 
‘What is it?’
‘A snake. There is a snake in your bag!’ Zoowee got on his feet and took a couple steps backward, pointing at the bag as if he were cursing it. Tufu looked at his bag, and then looked back at Zoowee for certainty. He picked up a heavy rock beside him, and with all his might, he smashed it on his bag, first once, and then multiple times - over and over again. He opened the bag and poured out its contents. There were blue and red lume rocks, glowing from areas the rock struck; a journal, fishing hooks, two large hunks of salted meat, and meditation beads, but there was no snake.
 	‘Clearly something is wrong, Zoowee. You are seeing things.’ Master Tufu repacked the contents of his bag and starved the blue lume rock of air by wrapping his sleeves around it. Its light dimmed, and then went out. For the red lume that burned hot from the striking, he poured a little of his water on it. Its red ore sizzled, and the red glow fizzled away.
‘I know what I saw, Master’. Zoowee’s voice was sure and steady. He looked straight into the Master’s eyes as he spoke, but Tufu didn’t look back at him. ‘I saw owls and eagles too…’
‘… You saw eagles as well, did you?’ Master Tufu interrupted the boy mockingly, packing his bags even more hurriedly. ‘This was a mistake. Fadin wanted us to wait for the rest of them but I insisted that we go alone. I guess I was foolish after all. Fadin and I, two foolish monks. It is my fault, not yours Zoowee. Ever since Master Eft passed, things just haven’t been the same. I hoped the walk would do me some good you know. I needed some time alone to grieve. I wasn’t thinking. I was putting myself first. My feelings.’
‘Everyone loved old Master Eft.’ Zoowee wanted to say more than that but decided against it. He did not know how to tell Master Tufu that everyone knew he was still hurting from the death of his old friend and master. That they could all see past the façade in the smile he wore since the burial. He thought these things, but he said nothing more on the matter. Rather, he followed the advice Fadin often gave him and all the other boys at the monastery; never say two words if one would do. Although, if Zoowee were to be completely honest with himself, he would have realized Master Tufu would argue that one should never say one word if two would do.
‘Pack your things. Then come outside and help me bring down the tent.’ Tufu watched him go in to pack. Zoowee didn’t have much and so simply combed over the space to be sure he hadn’t dropped anything by accident. There was nothing. He turned to proceed outside only to bump into Tufu who was walking backwards, slowly and quietly. The Master grabbed Zoowee’s arm and squeezed it tightly.
‘Do not move, and do not make a sound.’
From the triangular-shaped exit, Zoowee saw no less than five jackals, some sniffing the earth beneath them, others standing still in the desert evening. Tufu pulled out the meat in his bag and then with his sharp waist knife he chopped it into smaller chunks before pouring it back into his bag. He took the knife to his arm and cut off a strip of his sleeve from where the cuff had been stitched. With the piece of cloth he tied the red lume rock to the end of his staff – the blunt end. The pointy end he left bare, poking his finger at it to be sure it could still draw blood.
‘They are so far north. This isn’t their habitat. They must be hungry.’ He turned to Zoowee. ‘Did you sense them in the oasis, boy?’
Zoowee shook his head.
‘Then they must be weak. No water or food have found them for days.’ Tufu turned to Zoowee and looked him square in the eye. ‘We will be okay. Just follow my command at all times and we will be fine.’ He placed some of the meat at the entrance of the tent, and positioned himself beside it. Zoowee stayed behind the Master, pressed against him tightly in the tiny tent. He could hear one of the jackals’ approach, its silhouette casting a shadow inside the already darkened tent. Tufu raised his staff, and when the creature poked its head in to take a bite of meat, with all his might, the master swung down on the creature’s head. The jackal dropped to the floor, shuddering until it was still - dead. Now the tent was filled with even more silhouettes, only this time they were accompanied with loud growls and a howl or two. Zoowee could smell them, so he was certain that they could smell him. A shortness of breath came over him, followed by an itch in his eyes. The world all seemed to slow down around him, as though they were engulfed by an ocean that slackened their movement. He watched as Tufu tapped at the lume rock slowly, the sound of metal against rock echoing back at him like a wave. The red lume rock lit up, red light filling the tent. The heat it sparked warmed Zoowee’s face as Tufu raised his staff again. Another jackal went for the meat at the door and again, Tufu struck it with all his might. It fell to the floor, and Tufu pressed the lume rock against its skin. The jackal squealed wildly as the lume cooked its flesh. Tufu flipped the staff over, and with the pointy end he stabbed the beast through its scorched skin, striking its heart. The creature stopped struggling. Tufu turned to look at Zoowee. Whatever it was he saw startled him more than the creatures outside did. Much more. 
‘Your eyes… what in the spirits is wrong with your eyes?’ Tufu’s mouth formed the words it spoke slowly, and in a deep, drawn out tone. Zoowee said nothing. He tried to speak but the words failed him. The world around him failed him too with the way it spun and moved underneath his feet. Zoowee wobbled. Try as he could to stand still, he couldn’t. In an effort to steady himself, he fell to his knees, but the world still moved – slowly, in a dizzying sway. Tufu turned away from Zoowee to face the jackals once more. Two of them rushed into the tent, sending Tufu leaping backwards and Zoowee rolling further away. The jackals looked sickly, their skin hanging loosely on bones. Their mouths pink and foaming around the corners. The last of the attacking jackals stopped at the entrance and gobbled down a few chunks of meat. Behind it, in the oasis outside the tent, Zoowee thought he saw the owl staring at him again. The owl’s eyes glowed blue like the sky. Zoowee was startled out of his thoughts when Tufu struck his staff on another jackal’s head, breaking the staff and sending the blunt end flying outside with the lume latched on to it. Tufu tossed the other half of his staff to the ground and pulled out his knife. The snarling jackals paused, and then their snarling changed to whimpers. The jackals’ heads fell low and they shifted back and to their sides trying to get away, their tails tucked between their legs. Zoowee turned to look at Tufu. The older monk held his knife loosely in his palm. The knife fell to the ground and the monk didn’t bother picking it up, he just stared at Zoowee. 
‘Chi’gwe,’ Tufu finally said. The way he contoured his face when he said it made it come off as a question. The remaining jackals found the exit and scampered away. Zoowee only realized then that the room was lit up in the darkness – a dull white glow with a hint of blue. It couldn’t have been the lume, he could see the red light outside the tent. He scratched his eye that tickled and a large shadow of his fist was cast on the walls around him. It was then he realized that it was his eyes that lit the darkness. Now his hands sparked like lightning too. It swirled around his fingers like a snake moving up a tree. 
‘Chi’gwe?’ 
This time it was a question. Tufu moved slowly and cautiously towards Zoowee. He reached out his hand to pull Zoowee up. When their arms grabbed each other, a wild spasm took over Tufu. He twitched wildly, his eyes widened in a blank gaze, his mouth agape. The lightning that crackled in Zoowee’s hands now arced all over Tufu’s body. Zoowee let go, and Tufu fell to the ground.

























MASTER EFT: THE TRAVELING MONK

“Men once assumed that the world had edges. They avoided them out of fear that they might sail off the world’s cliff and float away to be with the spirits as some believed the stars to be. This belief was unquestioned during the Clan and even during the Tribe Age, long before lume rocks powered the trains that hauled goods and people from one nation to another, at a time when sticks and vines were used to build rafts instead of the great iroko used in building today’s boats. Man also believed that the tallest branches of the great Shades touched the heavens and that ever so often, evil spirits would climb down from the branches, only to be lost in the forest.  These beliefs were strong and lasted long for good reason. Only a few men who ventured into the forest ever returned. Less gullible men, on the other hand, were not so quick to believe the made-up stories, and preferred to believe that wild animals, or the elusive Bush Babies, were responsible for the tragedies of the forest, or that the travelers were simply lost in the vast darkness and thickness of the Shades. This made sense at the time, and it was a kinder thought, which suggested man was in many ways still in control of this world. Still, the majority of men the more superstitious ones, believed the Shades possessed mysteries beyond our understanding and was the home of the spirits that guarded and guided our world.
At the Horn, we believe in nothing but certainty. When one visits the Horn monastery, they will find no crests, armies, or deities, only many questions, and many answers. We at the Horn have a saying; certainty for humanity’s sake. Before the Order of the Monks was founded, the wise Mountain Men, as we were then called, guided weary travelers through the deserts of the Horn, tending to their wounds and ailments.
Many years ago, during the Clan Age, the mountain king, Rawani, had nearly finished his campaign of bringing all the Horn tribes under his rule, except for the wise Mountain Men. Marching with soldiers, both cavalry and infantry, he was met not with arrows or steel, but medicine, food, and care. For some time, he was suspicious of these wise men, certain that their kindness came at a high cost. He was suspicious when they healed his sick soldiers, and when they taught him to read and write, and when they taught him numbers and told him stories of the Olive men of the north and the forest people of the east. But the night his third wife, the only person Rawani ever truly loved, fell ill, the wise men of the mountains became his lords. That night for the first time, they asked for something in return. If his wife were healed, Rawani and all his men would be taught the answers to a thousand questions. A foolish ask, Rawani thought. A gift upon a gift.
And so, Rawani’s wife was healed, and the king, as promised, commanded his armies to learn from the wise men. For years the wise men taught Rawani’s army, and for years they grew in wisdom. The more wisdom they had, the more soldiers Rawani lost. Before long, all of the Horn was made up of men of both scroll and sword, and the wisest and strongest amongst them became the Horn’s leaders.
When the order of the Monks was inaugurated, it was intended to serve man, all of man. It looked past nations, tribes, and religions, to find consistencies and truths. We wanted to know what lay beyond the Southern Ocean. So we built bigger boats and discovered the frozen vastness that lay far out when one sailed deep enough. We wanted to find out what lay north of the Scarcelands, and again, we found nothing but frozen vastness.  The eastern sea, we found, met the western oceans. These facts led us to state with certainty that our world was edgeless, a sphere, with every side curving into another.  We calculated that the third sister appeared in the heavens every fourth rain or so, and was more likely a comet than a moon.
The monks of the Horn believe that this knowledge ought to be shared with the world in the hopes that the world would be united – united through truth. If peace and unity cannot be based on bloodline and shared history, at least, it can be based on knowledge and truth.”

















