

7 of 7
A Modern-Day Fairy Tale

By
E Perkins


Smashwords Edition
Copyright 2014 E Perkins
License Notes: This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this ebook with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person you share it with. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then you should return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Ebook formatting by www.ebooklaunch.com


For
Ruthie Cooper
Wilma June and Thomas Sarver

Table of Contents
I. The Room In the Turret
II. Mother
III. Sins
IV. Out In the Cold
V. Jena At the Convent
VI. Jeremy In the Big City
VII. Jena's Family
VIII. Jeremy's Family
IX. Reunion
X. Jeremy's Love
XI. Home Again - Jena
XII. Jesse's Story
XIII. An Unlikely Visitor
XIV. Rosalee
XV. I Am the Omega
Epilogue

The Room In the Turret
Once upon a time in the not too distant past in a country called America, there was a boy named Jeremy. Jeremy lived in a little room. He had no idea how long he had lived there.
The ceiling in the little room was very high and pointed. A tiny leaded window allowed the sun and moon to enter. They were his friends who entertained him endlessly with brilliant colorful showers radiating a spectrum of hues.
The room was furnished quite simply. A small bed wedged in one corner, a bookcase four shelves high that housed a few books and his drawing material. A table with a lamp and two chairs occupied the opposite corner. There had not always been two chairs. Nanny brought the other one so that they both could sit at the table. In the center of the room was a round fuzzy rug.
Adjoining the room was a bathroom and dressing closet that held a small chest of drawers for his underpants, tee shirts, and socks. Also, in the chest were seven pairs of denim pants of different colors, one for each day of the week Nanny had told him. He had three pairs of sneakers. He later figured out that there must be double the number of underpants, tee shirts, socks, and pants because every Monday Nanny exchanged his soiled linen, towels and clothing with a fresh supply.
Why? Simply and bafflingly, why? Why was he here? His tear stained face often strained upward in search of an answer from Nanny. There was never an answer. There was just a far away stare in her eyes. With her small chubby hands she would wipe his tears away.
Nanny was very pleasant almost jolly but not quite. It was as if her "jolly" had been removed and a pleasant shadow was all that remained. Her gray and black hair was always tied in a very tight bun that looked like it could be swatted like a tennis ball off her head. Short and plump, Nanny was surprisingly agile and light on her feet. So any attempt to dash pass her as she entered his room was rapidly aborted.
Since age and time were meaningless to him, he never thought to ask Nanny her age or even his. He only knew that the duller moon followed the bright sun. Sometimes the moon chose not to come out and play which made it mysterious and a little exciting because sometimes it could be very bright. But the moon was never as bright as the sun. And the light of the sun always came even on gray, rainy or snowy days.
Jeremy was a naturally thin child and the meager meals did not help. He really hated it when Nanny cut his thick curly dark ruby hair. He could not understand why all the hair cutting and scrubbing his scalp was necessary. "You'll look like a wild child with nothing but hair and a face!" He did not know what a "wild child" was but it must be pretty bad judging from the scowl on Nanny's usually pleasant face.
Nanny taught him reading, writing, and math as well as how to keep himself and his area clean. Heaven forbid that he become that horrible person called a "wild child".
While Nanny was a tough taskmaster, he was always happy to see her. She only came five days. On weekends, food was pushed in to him through a minute opening at the bottom of the door. A harsh voice always instructed him to push it back through when he was done.
One of Jeremy's favorite things to occupy his time was to draw. At first he drew in the backs of books. Lines, lines, at different angles, lines shaded, lines thin, lines thick, lines intersecting, lines. When Nanny discovered his talent, she brought from her own meager salary two art books and drawing paper for the child. She knew that Jeremy's father would never allow such a luxury.
How long this monotonous life would have continued no one will ever know. One moonless night, Jeremy for lack of something better to do decided to move his furniture around. If nothing else he could tell Nanny that he was cleaning.
Jeremy never got further than moving his bed. For a little cot, it was heavy. He had to move it one end at a time. When he finally got it away from the wall, he discovered a large grate covering what looked to be a small tunnel, not high enough to stand but certainly big enough to crawl. There was a dim light that shown at the other end.
He did not know where it led but curiosity got the better of him. Screws worn over time loosely held the grate. The bed almost held it in place. Holding his breath, he lowered the grate. There was surprisingly little dust on the floor and the wall of the tunnel. Now he was shaking with excitement. Where did this lead? What would he find? Unable to contain himself any longer, Jeremy slid into the tunnel.
Except for the dull light at what appeared to be the end, it was dark inside. On his knees and hands, he crawled slowly and quietly towards the light. The tunnel slopped down very gradually. Jeremy prayed that it would not drop rapidly down and he would not be able to get back to his room. Happily the tunnel had several turns from the main one where he was crawling that seemed to drop down almost like stairs. Intent on finding the source of the light straight ahead of him, Jeremy kept going past the dark turns.
He felt like he had been crawling forever and his body was aching from his cramped crawl but he had to see what was ahead. Suddenly the tunnel dropped more and became a little larger. Still he moved as quietly as a cat. The space was large enough for him to seat himself comfortably in front of a very small grate. He had found the source of the light.
Carefully and quietly Jeremy eased himself into the space in front of the grate. He could hear laughter and people talking. He pressed his face against the grate to discover that he was looking down upon a very large room.
The light came from the most gorgeous thing he had ever seen. It had what appeared to him to be hundreds of crystals; each one projecting light and shooting a rainbow is every direction. It dangled from the ceiling like a private sun controlling a universe of color.
Reluctantly, Jeremy dragged his eyes from the light and began to focus on the room. The wood parquet floor shone brilliantly golden under the light. Sitting majestically on the floor was a large table. Jeremy gasped at its length; it was easily five or six times longer than his room. Intricate carvings graced each of the many legs of the table as well as the tall chairs with red cushions.
On one side of the room were beautiful floor to ceiling windows, draped with exquisite red velvet curtains pulled back to reveal through the fragile sheers the elegant windows. On the other wall were mirrors reflecting the light, the windows, the table, chairs and the people who sat in those chairs.
Slowly Jeremy began to look at the people. They must be what Nanny had shown him in the books to be a "family". He looked to the head of the table because according to the books that was where the "Father" would be. Rapidly running his eyes to the head of the table, Jeremy gasped again. The most beautiful creature that he could imagine greeted his eyes.
He was awesome. Looming at the head of the table, his height seemed to be immeasurable. His muscles were sculpted as if fresh from the chisel of a skilled artist. The body was in perfect balance, arms and legs moving in complete harmony. His bronze skin was unblemished and tightly stretched across his muscles. The hair of thick dark ruby curls was streaked with the finest silver that looked like it could have been stolen from Mercury's winged heels. Without a doubt, Jeremy knew this was the Father.
Eagerly wanting to see the "Mother" Jeremy shot his eyes to the other end of the table. To his consternation, there was not a "Mother" there but a young boy, not much older than he. The boy shared the same commanding presence as the Father. He was as handsome as the Father. His thick curly dark ruby hair cascaded past his shoulders unlike his father and brothers. Not only did this separate his appearance from them, it gave him an otherworldly aura.
He looked at the boys on each side of the table. All of them were older that the one at head. All of them were as handsome with thick curly dark ruby hair, bronze skin and well-honed muscles.
Stunned Jeremy held his own scrawny hands out in front of him. He looked at his bony arms and legs. Even without looking he knew he did not have the healthy bronze glow as those at the table. He touched his hair and realized this was the only trait he shared with them, which was why Nanny was constantly cutting his curly mane. It removed the link between them and him. In his innocent child's mind the reason he had been banned to the little room occurred to him. He was ugly and they were ashamed of him. He looked at them again confirming his ugliness.
Then he saw a different child sitting next to the Father who was very plain; a pale, sharp and angular face saved only by the massive mop of thick curly dark ruby hair that flowed pass its waist. Why was this child allowed? To him it looked really ugly. Why? Through the tears, that silently began to sting his face, he looked at it again. Then without warning the answer arrived. This must be a "girl". This was why the hair was much longer and the clothes were different.
Again the child's mind created an answer. Sooo, it must be okay for girls to be ugly. It really must be because he watched the smile and love in the Father's touch to her cheek. Jeremy rubbed his own check trying to capture a tiny morsel of the Father's warm touch.
Weary, he could not watch any longer. His mind was a torment of images and impressions. Quietly he crawled back to the empty despair of his room. He collapsed onto the bed without moving it back over the tunnel opening.
The next morning Jeremy decided to return the bed to its original position. Although his first outing was very painful, the contact with other people was intriguing and oddly comforting. He left the grate off to the side of the opening so that he could slip into the tunnel without having to move the bed.
He was very careful to make sure that there were no telltale marks about the bed that would betray his newfound freedom. He told himself that he could not let Nanny know anything about the tunnel. He could not have it taken from him.
He wanted to learn more about them. Maybe, just maybe he could find a way to become a part of the magnificent family. He wanted to find the Mother. She could be accessible through one of the other tunnels. He remembered passing two possibly three. Even in his pain he was experiencing an entirely new emotion, hope. It flooded him with all kinds of possibilities.
Nanny noticed that there was something new about the boy, a kind of excitement of one who has a secret. However, she decided it was just that he was getting older. She pushed the feeling aside continuing with the routine.
In the course of the next month Jeremy made several trips down the tunnel to the grand room. He had learned all of their names. Jacob V was the name of the Father. The girl was Jane. The young boy who sat opposite the Father was Jacob VI. The rest of the boys were James, John, Jeremiah, Josiah, Joseph, and Jason. They were always seated in the same order with Jane on the right side of the Father and James on the left. James must be the oldest because he looked bigger and stronger.
Jeremy wrote the names down and spent time looking at them. Why were the names so intriguing? James, John ... J. All of the names began with "J" even his. Wow! Maybe, maybe he would be allowed to join them. Maybe he was confined to the tiny room until he grew strong and beautiful like them.
Just when his pain was beginning to have meaning and his hope the greatest, as he sat from his high perch listening and watching, he heard the words, "seven of seven". These words forever echoing in his mind would separate him from the family he so sincerely wanted to make his own.
Jeremy heard them one night after finishing his own meager meal; he was making himself comfortable in the little window when he saw Jane smile radiantly at her father. "Tell us again Father about seven of seven, pleaseee."
The beautiful man looked long at his homely little daughter. She was a wretched looking thing but there was something about the spark in her dark eyes, the manner in which she wrapped herself around him in total devotion that he could not help but love her.
Savoring his rich, fluffy carrot cake, he looked at all of his sons. They were all such perfect carbon copies of him that it was like he peeled each from his own being. He looked at the other end of the table to where Jacob VI sat. He was definitely more creative and intelligent than the others. His longer hair produced an effect that pleased the father. Jacob V took this as a sign that his destiny to mastermind a new super race was evident.
There was something that was hidden in Jacob VI that the Father could not determine. It did not trouble him though. It was more like a ripple that flowed briefly and then hitting a barrier stopped. Jacob V was certain that he commanded the boy.
Again he looked into Jane's glowing face. He began his saga of seven of seven. "You kids all know that the number of seven goes a long way back. Long before those fools in Tennessee Appalachia grew to fear our clan of Johnsons. We are into five generations. I am the fifth Jacob." Jeremy could have sworn that as Jacob V said this, his chest expanded with such pride that it appeared the buttons on his shirt would pop.
"Idiots," Jacob V continued. "They started believing that my Father was turning to the evil path. Little did or could they understand the power of seven, the seventh son has powers that pre-date the Biblical era."
"The number seven has roots in Atlantis. There were seven islands. Any man who was fortunate to have seven sons borne of the same woman had a son with the power to heal and a gift of 'Second Sight'. Why, the seventh son is born divine, the chosen one."
"We were good to those people. When we held that part of Appalachia in the southeastern tip of Tennessee; wealth, good crops and health abounded. Now look at them - dirt poor, scratching in an unwilling soil that yields nothing." At this Jacob V grinned wickedly and Jane clapped her small hands. He gave Jane another touch of affection on her check. He started to continue.
"Atlantis," chimed in Jacob VI from the other end of the table. "There is no physical proof that place ever existed! Many ancient philosophers like Socrates and his student, Plato, went to great lengths describing it. Most civilizations also ascribe to a lost paradise but why haven't the physical ruins of any such place ever been found?"
"And there is no proof that it didn't exist, either," retorted, Jacob V with a bit of a frown in his voice. He was trying hard not to show his irritation. The boy seemed to lack the edge that complimented his being that he found in Jane. Jane and he functioned almost as one unit. Already she demonstrated interest in his business holdings, making astute assessments. Jacob VI on the other hand ever bit as intelligent as Jane, maybe even more so because of his "Push" ability showed little interest in his legacy.
The special talent of the Johnson clan was the ability of the seventh to mentally manipulate most. In some they could exercise complete control. In most, however, they could create an aura of control - a mental/emotional "Push" that allowed them control. Then there were those who were totally resistant to the "Push". These were the ones in Appalachia who eventually drove the Jacob Johnson clan from their midst. The expellers were descendents of the only brother of the first Johnson who had seven sons. They said it would be better to be free and poor than have wealth and be enslaved.
"Idiots!" Jacob V fumed as he directed his thoughts back to his family. He looked to his son Jason, the son next to Jacob VI. This boy was completely devoted to him and oddly to Jane. He knew that Jane did not possess any type of "Push" but Jason seemed to worship her even though Jane used him like her personal servant. Jane did have, however, a presence that had enveloped even him. He smiled at that thought.
As with his fathers before him, he believed that he could control the female reproductive areas. Sounds crazy, he had thought when his father first told him of this power. But was not the proof in the pudding as looked again at his magnificent son, Jacob VI who represented the sixth generation of seven.
The only blemish on his perfection was for some reason he could not ascertain how his wife Judith had produced seven beautiful sons and the permitted daughter for herself. However, the daughter, Jane was homely not the standard female Johnson stately beauty. While the young girl obviously loved her mother, she was entirely entrancingly loyal and devoted to him. This was why Jacob V had broken with tradition allowing Jane to be seated on his right at the table.
However even more distressing, Judith had produced a weak and inferior eighth son AND another daughter of amazing beauty. She was even more beautiful than his sons. Jacob V felt that such beauty had to be the work of demons.
At a lost what to do about these blemishes, he removed Judith and the unwanted children from his sight. The boy had stayed with Judith until the birth of that wretched girl. Then to punish Judith, he took the boy away and stopped visiting her. He created a "bachelor" apartment in another wing of the mansion where he indulged his considerable sexual appetite with local beauties for hire.
He shook his massive head as to rid himself of the blight upon his perfection. He looked again into the adoring face of Jane and at his glorious sons.
"Seven," he continued, "is important in numerology, how many days of the week are there, seven! For those who believe that a being known as God created this world, it took Him six days to create and on the seventh day, he rested; rejuvenating himself with the powers of the universe. These are the same powers that descend upon the seventh son."
At this point all the children from the eldest to Jacob VI listened awestruck by their father's voice. Jacob V pleased looked at them and stood. "Enough for one night my lovelies!" Obediently each child slipped quietly and gracefully from their chairs, only Jane paused to kiss her father's outstretched hand, and left the room.
Jeremy sitting in his perch sat transfixed. He was jolted back to reality when, Jacob V stared directly up at him. He froze, daring not to breathe. Had he saw him? The boy sat there motionless while Jacob V stared upward feeling a slight sensation of a presence. He continued staring upward for what seemed ages to Jeremy. Then he lowered his gaze, looking around contently demised the feeling as nothing; calling out to a servant, Jacob V royally strolled from the room.
Alone now and shaking almost beyond control, the boy released. He continued to sit there trying to stop the tears that he wasn't sure why they were running down his face. The father spoke only of seven sons. Utterly confused, Jeremy slowly crawled backed to his room.
The mother, Jeremy knew he must find her.

Mother
Determined to find the mother, Jeremy squashed his fear of the dark passageways. He had a small flashlight Nanny had given him. He used it only in the darkest areas. For several months he had crawled further from his room, finding that some of the tunnels turned and branched into others. He cleverly used his books, pencils and whatever small object he had to mark his way, careful to pick up each as he returned to his room.
At first he became frustrated and unhappy when so many tunnels yielded nothing. And he was determined not to return to the room with the large table and the "happy" family until he found the mother. However, when he discovered other areas in the house, his frustration was overcome by a sense of excitement.
Each area added to his knowledge of the house and the life within. First he discovered the kitchen. It was quite large with several people who did different things. He liked to watch the two people that he learned were "chefs" order the others around. One of the chefs was a man who was always snapping his fingers, shouting "Chop, chop!"
Jeremy could hardly stifle a giggle. The other chef was a very meticulously clean woman, who constantly complained about how dirty everyone was. She must be related to Nanny, Jeremy thought. And he also thought it was good the two chefs were seldom in the kitchen together.
He felt oddly warm and comfortable watching the kitchen activity, savoring the smells. Jeremy never consciously realized that these times cultivated in him a taste for fine food and wines. As he sat watching, he cataloged endless recipes and the knowledge of what wines went best with different types of foods. He would mimic the male chef's face when he was pleased, saying "Egg-quisite!"
He also saw them prepare his meal. And now knew the source of an occasional treat on his plate. He heard male chef mumbling "Poor thing, oh let's brighten the little bugger's night ... no, no not that much fool, we don't want to kill him with my dee-vine creation!"
Jeremy also saw him prepare meals for one that he called the "Queen" and a much smaller portion for the "Princess". If only he could follow them maybe this "Queen" was the Mother.
During the next several months, he learned several areas in the mansion. Three of these were special. The first was a tunnel that allowed him to enter from behind a bookcase a room he learned was "the library". His initial encounter in this room was almost overwhelming. It was the first time he had actually stood in a place so large. It seemed endless with several rows of bookcases, tables and comfy chairs. There was also a large fireplace and even though the fire was always extinguished for the night, he would sometimes lay on the hearth, absorbing its warmth.
He spent a lot of time looking at the books. He found books on every subject eventually finding those on architecture. He was completely entranced. The lines of the buildings, this is what he drew. A person drawing these "buildings" was called an architect. Now Jeremy had a name for his talent.
As he learned the tunnels, Jeremy became quite good at getting around, often leaving to roam as soon as Nanny left his room. Sometimes he would roam in the evenings and other times he would scamper about in the early mornings.
It was early in the morning when Jeremy made a very exciting discovery. He had found the way to the outside of the mansion. The tunnel went underground terminating some distance from the mansion. It exited in a little cave like affair.
When he stepped out of the cave he was totally awestruck at the smells and the sights. The sun was just a small peep of light on the eastern sky when he emerged. In the twilight he could barely make out shadows of things he had studied with Nanny ... trees, grass, hills and the stuff rising from the trees and grass - it looked like clouds. Oh yeah, fog, mist, and dew; water created as the rising sun warmed the cooler earth.
And yes, there was his old friend the sun, never had he seen it like this. Like something akin to magic the sun splashed gold and rose before him, growing bigger and brighter until he could no longer look directly at it.
Looking away from the sun, he was stunned by the beauty that surrounded him. There were small animals and birds, too many for him to remember what types but he did know a deer. He watched breathlessly as it darted seemingly moving on the air away from him.
Nanny had told him that he lived in the state of Illinois between the cities of Galena and Dubuque, Iowa. He remembered she had told him of a large river, the Mississippi. He ran to the top of the small hill, excitement fueling his steps, could he see it? No, there were just trees that brilliantly displayed a wild and dazzling canopy of different shades of green with hints yellow and red. It was so breathtaking that he forgot about the river.
Jeremy sat on his heels looking and looking. After some time he decided reluctantly to turn away from the hills and trees to look in the other direction. He was not ready for what he saw - the mansion.
It was sprawling, bold and beautiful in striking contrast to the lush vegetation, trees and hills in which it was nestled. It dominated the countryside. He recognized its style from the architecture books he had found in the library. It was a Gothic wonder with turrets and gargoyles accentuating the eaves. The lines were bold and powerful demanding his attention. Rapidly recording the entirety of what he saw, he imagined the framework, the supports and the rooms within. Suddenly he felt really exalted spinning around and around until he stumbled to the ground. Lying on his back staring up at the sun, he realized that the sun was coming into the position of when his first meal came. He would have to hurry to get back, eat quickly and push the tray back out.
The third place that he found developed something in his being that would forever define his sexuality. Although it had almost been a year since he first started exploring the tunnels, he was still too young for his next discovery.
Unlike his other discoveries, he was not drawn to this place because of the light or pleasant aromas as with the kitchen, sound brought him to this spot. Loud noises that pitched, moaned, cried and grunted - unlike anything he had heard.
Utterly confused he approached the opening that revealed the source of his puzzlement. The men and the women on the large screen television were not confusing but what they were doing was. After several trips to this special area, Jeremy was no longer confused.
Sex was awakened in him prematurely and without any guidance. Jeremy absorbed the action and began masturbating. It did not concern Jeremy that Jacob V watched the movies sometimes with a woman and sometimes without. He found this new thing about his body to be intensely pleasurable.
He made many erroneous conclusions about women and sex. Most importantly he decided that beautiful women were not mothers. Beautiful women he decided wanted nothing more in life but sex and to please a man.
So great was his occupation with his last discovery, that he almost forgot about finding the mother. Oddly, it was his desire to see if there were perhaps others areas to observe sex in the mansion that brought him to the mother.
As with sex, sound brought him to the mother. He heard a song, beautiful and low almost a hum. Following the melodic sound he found himself behind a large grate that was mostly covered by a large recliner. He could however see around it at the topmost corner.
Peering inside the room, he saw a woman with a pleasant graceful and stately manner. Her face was kind and sweet. She looked somewhat like Jane but not as homely. Jeremy wrapped in his own misconceptions knew this must be the mother because for her pleasant appearance, she was not beautiful.
Looking past the mother, Jeremy almost gasped loud enough to be heard. He saw to whom the mother was singing. Although she was a small child of only about five or six, she was an amazingly beautiful person. Thick dark ruby curly hair framed a face that glowed radiantly. Delicate bronze skin stretched over elegant and soft bones. She appeared as though a deity had crafted her. Her dark eyes were dancing pools of joy.
Totally overwhelmed by finding the mother and encountering this unexpected beautiful creature, Jeremy retreated. It took several weeks of wandering and visiting his favorite haunts before curiosity and the courage allowed him to return to watch the mother and the little girl.
Once he returned he was completely taken by the warmth of the mother and the joy of the little girl whose name he came to know as Jena. Although he returned time after time he never had the courage to draw attention to himself.
His basic life had not changed, Nanny routinely appeared. He was still happy to see her learning all that she taught rapidly. Nanny had informed Jacob V that the boy was truly intelligent, talented and a rapid learner. Jacob V would nod absently mindedly, thank the Nanny then dismiss her. As for her part the changes she saw occurring in Jeremy she continued to attribute to maturing. Since she was "Pushed" only to see to the boy's basic needs, she gave little thought to not much else.
In the endless circle that time weaves, the boy's life appeared to him to be complete with many places to visit and access to the outdoors. He could not know what he was lacking in his development, nor could he know the harm that lack of human touch was doing to his being.
Since he promised himself that would not return to the large room with the table and chairs until he found the mother, he had not been visited it in almost a year. He sat musing this as he watched the mother. The child was asleep on a fluffy white rug as the mother sat in the chair in front of the grate where Jeremy sat watching.
Jeremy could not be sure of what happened next but he heard a voice - the mother's voice, pleasant and sweet but commanding. "Jeremy, I know you are there." Nanny mostly called him "boy". It was strange but thrilling to hear his name. "Jeremy!" Again the voice commanded.
"Son, I am going to move this chair, will you come to me?"
Son, son - it was the mother. Son! Without realizing it tears wet Jeremy's face and he pushed the grate involuntarily and tumbled into the room. Judith knelt to right her son. Tears also streaked her face as she stared into the face of the son she thought that she would never see again.
She knew for some time that he somehow had managed to find his way around the mansion in tunnels that she and no one else knew existed. She was stunned the first time she saw his little eyes peeping from behind the recliner. She calmly continued what she was doing with Jena. After he left, she pulled the grate off and peered down the long dark tunnel in astonishment.
Although she wanted to snatch the grate off and take him to her bosom, she contained her joy to allow the child to make himself known. She waited for what seemed an eternity, as Jeremy would come, sit and watch. Finally, she realized that the child was probably afraid.
Now as she looked into the happy eyes of what seemed to be an endless tangle of arms and legs, she hugged him. "Mother," he stuttered.
"Yes!"
"I found you!" Joy caused him to jump to his feet. "I have so many questions, so many! Mother."
Before she could answer, Jena yawned sleepily and stretched upward calling "Momma".
Smiling Judith picked Jena up. "Jeremy, meet your little sister."
Judith held Jena out to the skinny child. It was Jeremy not Jena who backed away not sure of what to do. However, Jena brought him to her by trying to say his name, "Jereeemie-mie", she said laughing. Grinning Jeremy lifted her and clumsily held her.
Jena wrapped her small arms around his neck, cooing. Judith laughed mostly at Jeremy's confused little face. She retrieved Jena and settled them both down.
Jeremy found she had the most delicious treats and a suite of rooms filled with many wonders. There were all kinds of plants in pots and fresh cut flowers. The chiming of a clock both startled and fascinated him.
"What is it?"
"You don't know?"
"Noooo," Jeremy replied still starting at it.
Judith amused explained how a clock works. Then she gave him a smaller one that fit in his pocket. She told him that the clocks were her father's that came to her after he passed away. He had loved clocks. But now, she said with sad eyes he must not be found in the room.
"When can I come back?" His eyes were begging the question.
"Do you know days of the week?"
"Oh yes, tomorrow is Wednesday and the next day is ...," he went on to rattle off the days of the week. He also told her about Nanny and what days she came.
Trying hard not to laugh at his sincerity, Judith told him to come on Saturday as soon as he completed his second meal and then he could spend the afternoon when them.
While he visited later in the week the kitchen and of course the sex room, he waited excitedly for Saturday. He was not disappointed. Mother had another wonderful treat for him but more she began to tell him the story of their lives.
It was rumored that the Johnsons were Melungeons, a mixture of races: white, black and Indian. The poor Johnsons made no denials. The rich Johnsons vehemently denied any mixing of blood in their family.
The family had been held in high esteem until Jacob IV. He was an unsavory character who did not demonstrate the kindness and sense of community of the previous Jacob Johnsons.
Judith had met Jacob V while she was in college in Nashville, Tennessee. Having convinced her father that she should take a profession, she was studying to be a teacher. Jacob V was pleasant enough. It was probably Judith gracious demeanor as he constantly talked 7 of 7 that attracted him to her. She thought his obsession was a desire found in the old landed gentry's notion of men wanting many sons to expand their holdings and wealth.
Rumors lurked on the borders of her world that the Johnsons had powers to control people through a mental/emotional "Push". The "Push" was supposed to be so strong that they even physically controlled the women they married always to yield seven sons and one daughter.
Judith a sincere believer in the divine had thought how could a mere man control such matters of life. She gave it little thought for she loved children. She only had one much older brother who graduated college and married before she was as adult. Judith had looked forward to a very large family. She felt nothing sinister radiating from Jacob V. Herein was her first and most dreadful mistake.
Judith married Jacob V when he was barely 21 just months before his father was found dead under suspicious circumstances. The Appalachian community made Jacob V to understand that his options were limited. They had enough of "Push" and did not want another Jacob Johnson in their presence.
Judith was a descendant of Guy Washington, a Cherokee raised as a slave. He was a legendary personality who through his cunning and skills gave rise to a clan of landed gentry. However, through years of mismanagement, almost all of the land slipped quietly away. Judith's father struggling to maintain some semblance of wealth happily escorted Judith down the aisle.
When Jacob V was presented with the ultimatum to leave, Judith's father and mother were preparing to leave Appalachia for Galena, Illinois. His heart was heavy because they did not want to leave Tennessee. Truthfully, her father did not know how he was going to maintain the old but regal mansion. It was the income from leasing the mansion that supported them. He had thought that they could live in part of the mansion and continue renting the rest for income.
Jacob V upon learning of the Galena mansion arranged a swap that allowed him to gracefully leave Appalachia. He could not resist telling the rest of the community of his benevolence to the Washingtons. The gift of his land and a large sum of money to them should let the community know that the Jacob Johnson clan was not evil. It was noted that the community was not impressed.
Jacob V thought that mansion could be used while he built another. He did not really believe that the mansion was as big and luxurious as he had been told. But he was really not in a position to quibble.
Once Judith and he arrived, it was like the mansion reached out and welcomed them. Jacob V was delighted that it far exceeded what he had been told. It was just a matter of restoring and updating. A pleased Jacob V immediately started using his "Push" to establish a very comfortable and esteemed life.
At first for Judith life with Jacob V was grand. He treated Judith royally. She had been allowed to bring servants: a lady's maid, a male chef, and a gardener all sworn to her as part of the Washington clan. Although her parents had little to do with her once she married Jacob V, they did love their daughter. Providing her with servants sworn to her made them feel that their daughter would be cared for properly and would not be alone among strangers.
Each son brought renewed joy to Jacob V. He added to a bracelet that was a wedding gift to Judith a new precious stone each time a son was born. The birth of the seventh son was an event that Jacob V celebrated with fireworks and an extravagant party. Judith told the two awestruck children that she felt like a goddess.
Fighting hard to turn her sorrow into joy, she lingered on the event of the seventh son. Indeed, Jacob VI did seem to be a unique child. Judith mused at the first time she stared into his eyes. His gaze arrested her with a knowledgeable look of ancient wisdom, strength and compassion. She still remembered the clarity of his gaze.
Judith took out a case from a drawer in the table besides the recliner. Opening it she showed the children the bracelet. Sapphires, rubies and diamonds glittered from the delicate gold chain. The two children oohed the bracelet with round eyes of wonder. Then she put the bracelet in its case and returned it to the drawer.
"There are only eight jewels," the observant Jeremy said sadly.
Pain struck Judith's face. Looking into those precious eyes, climbing Mt Everest barehanded would be easier than explaining what happened that turned their lives into the nightmare existence they shared in the great mansion.
Memories of days spent caring for her beautiful sons and Jane engulfed her leaving Judith feeling empty and drained. Jena had fallen asleep. She laid Jeremy's head in her lap, saying she was tired and should rest a minute. After a while, she helped the reluctant Jeremy into the tunnel. When she was sure he was out of hearing range, Judith sat rocking. Bitter tears caused her body to shake and tremble.
The next week, Jeremy's happy little face peered through the grate, having forgotten the bracelet, he was just really happy to see his mother. Equally happy Judith and Jena welcomed him with treats.
Jena sometimes slept when Judith talked long and softly. However, Jeremy was always alert absorbing every word. And it was while Jena slept that Judith told Jeremy the awful truth of their existence.
Jeremy could tell that his mother was trying to keep the horror from her eyes and voice as she haltingly told the story of his birth. Judith had been pleased with herself. While she knew that she was not a great beauty, she was proud of her body that never revealed eight births. Of course, Jacob V took credit saying that the "Push" always left the Johnson women looking good. She thought as she remembered the careful diets prepared by "Chef" (as the male chef was called) and the endless hours of working out.
"Chef," Judith thought fondly, had come to the Washingtons while she was still a child. He was freshly graduated from the Illinois Institute of Art culinary arts program. He wielded his art with precision, flair and finesse. A small compact man, Judith would never forget the sparkle and joy in his eyes the first time he presented her with a special treat of huge moist chocolate chip cookies. He looked deep into her eyes and immediately christened her "Queen". A stately child, definitely of royal lineage he had said.
When Chef learned Jacob V and Judith would be living in Illinois, he was elated. Not only would accompany his "Queen", he would be returning to Illinois and would be living not far from his great home city, Chicago.
"My birth, momma, what about my birth?"
Jolted back to the present, Judith continued. "When I told your father that I was pregnant, he simply refused to believe me. It's simply not possible, he had said. Jacob VI was the last boy and Jane the last child and only girl."
"Why, momma, why only seven boys and one girl," Jeremy unrelenting asked again.
"Oh child, how many times have I asked myself that question? If I were to believe your father, I would say that it has to do with the magic of 'seven'. He only wanted seven sons to create his ultimate super race. It is so bizarre that even now I have trouble believing. I cannot help but wonder why he would want a super race anyway. What would he do with such a race? The whole thing sounds like a misguided horror story."
Jeremy soulful eyes stared unyielding, "But momma, why?"
Judith softly brushing his check, "Oh child I have told you so much this past ... goodness it's been a year!"
"There were fireworks when you were born too. Human fireworks, lighting flashed in Jacob V's eyes. At first, I thought he would kill us. Fortunately, for us he decided that someone was involved with a counter spell and working through me. So, he decided to isolate us to this tower, this very room. And I still believe that your father loves us. He is just caught up with this seven of seven thing."
"You were such a pretty baby, unlike the others you were so small and fragile. You liked to be cuddled and rocked. Jeremy, if nothing else you kept me sane."
Judith looked at slender son and was pleased that his eyes were moist and shining. For so many days, his somber face housing troubled eyes that stared at her demanding answers that made sense. She understood his frustration but had nothing else to offer.
Suddenly Jeremy's eyes focused and became sharp, "Momma, why did he take me away from you?"
Such a quick mind, Judith almost moaned aloud. Dear God, she thought, this child is going to pull the whole horrid affair from me.
As tenderly as she could, she relived that awful moment when Jacob V found that she was pregnant again. How could he have accused her of having an affair with another? Surely the man was crazy for he had locked her away in this lonely, lonely tower. Chef, bless his soul found her and visited her often. He would push her meal through the opening at the bottom of the door. Then he would sit on the floor talking while she and later Jena dined on one of his exquisite creations.
Chef filled her in on all the latest news local and national. He occasionally brought her gossip from Appalachia that he learned from Obadiah, her gardener. It was Chef who told her what had happened to her elderly lady's maid. Judith felt she had passed but was worried that she was not properly cremated according to the ways of the Washington clan. Chef put her mind at rest that Obadiah and he had put their clanswoman to rest properly. There were always cut flowers from Obadiah on their meal trays.
Obadiah had not been more than a mere boy when they left Appalachia. The soil seemed to be his "wife". He required little in life except to cultivate the land. Even Jacob V had to acknowledge his kinship with the land. He soon promoted Obadiah to head gardener. The result was an estate with gardens so lush and breathtaking that people often requested to be married on the estate. In a royal and exalted manner, Jacob V allowed these requests, free of charge.
Unlike Appalachians, most of the residents of Galena were impressed with Jacob V, his family and his wealth. Jacob V liked the residents as well, most were easily "Pushed" and some did not need it at all. He was treated like royalty with the highest respect. The strange twists of his mind remained unsuspected.
Jeremy never saw his father because Judith was careful to have the nanny take the child when Jacob V came. It seems that the evil affecting Judith did not deter Jacob V from satisfying his carnal desires with her. Judith believed that he continued to visit her because he truly loved her. And in his distorted way Jacob V did love Judith.
Jacob V insisted that a great evil was working through her circumventing the perfection that should have been his. When the amazingly beautiful Jena was born, he was sure that only evil could have created her. The perfection that was Jena came from that vile source that he thought to be buried deep, deep in the bowels of the earth. Evil so dark and corrupt that it could only face the light of day through the personage of something so incredibly perfect.
"So," Jacob V had roared. "You think you are going to create your own dynasty of evil to destroy my super race. Not so, dear deceptive wrench that you are. Oh yes, you appear to be stately and queenly but you are the vilest creature I know. The evil stench is upon you. You dare to take my seed and bring forth these denizens of the dark. First, that tiny sickly thing you call a son and now this little whore incarnate."
Jacob V was not sure what to do with his designated evil lot. He was sure he would have nothing more to do with Judith. He had thought of having them all tossed in the Mississippi River. Yet, he could not bring himself to murder, not just yet. Besides the boy was so pathetic, he would probably die soon anyway. And the girl baby was so perfect, so lovely, and so helpless - no he would observe them.
To hasten the boy's demise he had taken him away from the careful attention of Judith. Of course, it was she who was keeping him alive. And it would punish Judith further. For already, he did not allow any of the boys to see her and Jane was only permitted a weekly visit. He suspected that Jacob VI visited her as well sitting on the floor in front of her door talking to her, as did that chef. But, damn it; he could never catch the boy. He could not physically touch or remove the "Push" resistant Chef as he was sworn to Judith by her clan. No matter he knew Judith suffered miserably from the deprivation of her family. The lines and creases in her serene face revealed the depth of her pain.
Judith now stared deep into Jeremy's thin, taunt face. She could not stop her tears as the floodgate had burst open. "After Jena was brought to me, I never saw you again, never." Heaving desperately trying for control, Judith pulled Jeremy to her and buried her face in his curls releasing an eternity of pent up tears. Jeremy sensing her pain wrapped his thin arms around her.

Sins
His head hurt, a slow throbbing pain that Jacob V found confusing. It just wasn't right, he thought. Just wasn't right in this house as he looked around the stately library. Burning bright orange, red and yellow the fire danced brightly in the fireplace casting elongated hypnotic shadows rising and falling against the books and walls.
The regal calm that soothed his soul when they first arrived in Galena seemed to be fading. The first time he saw the mansion, he swore that the house reached out embraced and caressed him. This was HIS house and no one or nothing was going to take it from him.
He was sure that he could feel a presence close but very elusive. He could feel its eyes watching, always watching. Could the evil that invaded Judith be that strong? He knew that one day he would have to confront it.
Judith was so perfect. Quiet, graceful, humble yet physically strong and resilient. Her body bore children with ease. In his mind, he had molded her beautifully. Yet somehow the evil must started after Jane. No it affected even Jane. Jane was dreadfully ugly. Ugly was just not in the Johnson family tree. But Jane was so in tune with him that he forgave and overlooked the ugliness. Besides as soon as Jane was old enough, he would have that ugliness corrected and give her the face she deserved. She was so special. His heart tightened even at the thought of the child.
As he thought of his children, it occurred to him that the evil had also affected his prized seventh son and Jason. There was something about Jason that he did not understand. His room was full of plants but then so was Jacob VI. He had thought it was the influence of Judith. But there was something else nagging him about that son. The others were maturing and soon would be leaving the mansion, as was the way with all but the seventh. However, Jason gravitated to Jane. He really showed no interest in the same activities as his brothers. Jane was thrilled at his attention and enjoyed ordering him around. He smiled at how Jane seized every opportunity for power.
Jacob VI was a physical carbon copy of him. However, the two of them were so different that he sometimes he felt like he was not the boy's father. The rapport between Jane and he was like what he experienced with his father. The bond between Jacob VI was tenuous at best. However, he thought as he locked his jaw into a concrete pout, the evil would be ended - soon. The demise of the evil would right all that was wrong in his perfect world.
Judith sat stroking Jeremy's head and gently rocking Jena in the rocker where the child slept. Judith had a vision before these two were born. She knew she would not live to see them grown. She rarely saw Jacob V but the last time he recently came to mock her, he spoke of Jena with such hatred. It made her feel the time that Jacob would do something to them was close at hand.
How he could hate her so, Judith thought. Even if Jena was not so incredulously beautiful, her personality was golden. She was a bright and happy child that rarely cried and fussed. How could anyone think that she was evil, Judith mused? Nothing but love and joy erupted from Jena's face even as she slept.
The time had dissolved so quickly. Jeremy was no longer a skinny child. At twelve she could tell that he was approaching puberty. He was still skinny, the life that he was forced to live kept him thin. His face, however, was another story. Aged beyond his years, he peered out at her from beleaguered and sad eyes. Judith, of course, did not know the depth of his sexual experiences and how his well kept secret reflected only in his sad eyes.
Jena on the other hand continued to grow more beautiful and bright. It was as if captivity expanded and deepened her beauty. Life for them, although prisoners, had not been bad over the last three years with Jeremy popping out of the tunnel, Chef providing Obadiah's flowers and "treats". There had been many stolen moments of sheer joy and love.
Judith secured Jeremy's and Jena's personal documents: birth certificates on which the father's name was listed as "Unknown Johnson", a letter on behalf of each child to the Daughters of Charity and $200 in small bills. She thought that they would be put out of the mansion together. Judith had carefully folded the documents and money. She placed them in a small stringed pouch. She gave these to Jeremy, telling him that he should keep it on his person. Jeremy large eyed and teary backed away, "No, no, no, we will always be here together, always, won't we?" Then he collapsed into Judith's lap burying his head deeply and sobbing loudly. "Oh Mother, we are a family, you, Jena and me. You taught us all about the holidays, gifts, clocks, games and and ..."
Judith shook him gently. "Jeremy, Jeremy," she cooed. "Always remember the only consistent thing in this life is change. You are going to have to be strong, little one, very strong. You are going to have to take care of Jena. She knows nothing but love, peace and beauty. You, Jeremy suffered terribly, all alone in that little room."
"But, momma," Jeremy interrupted "I have you two and we are a family."
"I know, I know. But we must be prepared. You have to be ready for when I can no longer be with you. Jacob V will separate us. And I fear he will drive Jena and you out into the world alone. Heed, please dear Jeremy, my words. You are going to have to carry on alone, son."
Jane looked in the mirror. "I'm hopeless," she thought "I'll never even be close to pretty." True her father had provided her with every aid known to man. And as soon as she was old enough, he had promised, plastic surgery would give her what nature had not, a beautiful face. Well, anything would beat being stuck with the unsightly moniker that glared out at her.
She let her thoughts drift. It was such fun visiting Mother. Mother was so kind and gentle. Jane really enjoyed her visits. She was glad that Father allowed them. But then Father did not deny her anything.
Jane did not have clue about Jena and Jeremy. Jacob V had promised Judith that if Jane even had a whisper of their existence, she would never lay eyes on Jena again.
Jane was told that Judith had a rare heart disease that required that she stay alone shunning human contact. The room was locked to keep others out. Jane never thought about it being the reverse.
Other than looking somewhat drawn and pale, Mother did not look it. One of the boys had said it was disease of the brain not the body. But Jane didn't care. Mother was fun to visit and she loved talking and talking sometimes into the wee hours of the morning.
However much she loved Mother, Jane loved her father more than anyone. She really couldn't explain it. The bond between them just was. It was like she had a special tie to his brain — it was kind of spooky sometimes how she was so in tune with him.
Father said that there was a great evil lurking in the mansion. She knew he spoke the truth because she could feel it too, especially around Mother. She could feel its eyes on her in the kitchen, in the library, and sometimes even in the dining room as they dined.
Jacob V did not care for the visits that Jane made to her mother but knew not to stop her. He watched the joy in Jane's face as she returned from her mother. Watching her, watching the joy, he knew that someday, he would have to eliminate Judith. He shuddered; it really did make him sad. He had great feeling for her and did not relish the thought of her demise. However, the evil was getting stronger. That wretched boy did not die, the sickly little thing somehow managed to live. And the little harlot Jena grew more beautiful while his beloved Jane remained so utterly plain.
Although he did not suspect what had been transpiring during the past three years with Judith, Jeremy and Jena, he knew he had to do something before they became adults.
Tea and cookies was Jane's favorite thing to bring to her Mother. While Chef always prepared the cookies, the tea could be prepared by anyone. But no matter, the rest of the kitchen staff was not resistant to his "Push". Therefore, it was an easy task to have one of them deposit the large deadly dose of arsenic that he provided in Judith's tea. Since arsenic is odorless and flavorless, there was no need to mask it with more honey or stronger tea than Judith usually took. As Jane always drank milk there was no danger of poisoning her.
When the butler, Henry, came to take Jane to her Mother, she was totally innocent of the poison within the teapot. Her face glowed with joy as she brought the tea and cookies along with her warm milk to her mother. Judith was equally joyous to see her homely daughter. Jane set the tray on the table and after much hugging and kissing, the two returned to the table.
The tea was piping hot, deliciously sweet with honey and cinnamon. "Is this apple tea?" Judith inquired playing the game they had enjoyed since Jane was old enough to carry a tray.
"Oh Mother, you know it is!" Jane responded with glee. Judith laughed as well and drank deeply.
When they completed their snack, Judith retired to her favorite chair. Jane sat in the rocker that she thought was for her. Jane never suspected her sister more often occupied that same rocker.
As Judith sat talking to Jane and beginning to relax, she sensed something was terribly wrong. There was an awful taste in her mouth. Her saliva was almost a gushing foam. Swallowing it to keep from drooling uncontrollably was becoming extremely difficult.
One word jumped into her head "poison". She knew that Jacob V would do away with her but through an unsuspecting child? She did not have time to dwell on vileness of his act. She did not want Jane to see her die.
Judith was not sure of what would happen next, but based on how she felt, she knew she did not have long. Jane had already noticed the change in her mother, who seemed not able to breath. "Oh Mother, Mother are you all right, Mother?"
"Yes, sweetie, I'm fine, just a little spell, it will be gone quickly. But, I must lie down now. Baby, I am so sorry to cut our visit short, but go now. I'll be okay. Hurry now so I can rest."
Slowly with much uncertainty, "But Mother, you really don't look good, shall I get Father?"
Judith shook her head violently. "No, no it will be okay just go now. There, there kisses and hugs". At this point Judith could hardly hold the heaving need to vomit. "Go now," she whispered hoarsely.
Jane obediently albeit reluctantly rose and walked slowly to the door. There she paused, staring back at her mother fearing that this would be the last time she would see her. Judith smiled bravely and waved to her to leave.
Jane ran down the hall and steps, pausing to sit on the bottom step. "What to do, what to do," she fretted. She remembered now that Father was out of town.
"Jeremiah, the oldest remaining. James and John the oldest two has long ago departed for college and the world. Jeremiah would know what to do," she thought. Quickly she ran to Jeremiah's room and knocked gently. A sleepy Jeremiah answered. When he saw Jane's strained, teary face, he became alert instantly.
"It has happened," he thought. Father had said that Mother was close to death; to be prepared to deal with Jane. He bent down and enveloped Jane in his strong arms.
"Is it Mother?" He gently asked.
"Yessss," Jane sobbed, her small body heaving against Jeremiah.
Following Jacob V's precise directions, Jeremiah comforted Jane with warm milk containing a mild sedative brought by a servant. He returned with Jane to her room, put her in bed and sat with her. He told her that everything would be all right. Although he assured Jane before she fell asleep that he had sent for help, his instructions were not to send help to Judith but to call Jacob V who would take care of everything. He felt real sadness at Mother's demise, but as with all orders from Jacob V, he obeyed to the letter and without question.
Judith breathing laboriously painfully pulled her head from the toilet. The bouts of her stomach cramping, vomiting followed by diarrhea left a metallic taste in her mouth. Still she was determined to die in bed, not helpless on the floor. Slowly in excruciating agony, Judith crawled into bed where she lay shaking as seizures waved over her body until death mercifully released her.
Jacob V upon his return, in the comfort of his arms, he tenderly told Jane what she already suspected - her mother was dead.
Jacob V explained to his children that the Johnson death rites were only for the seventh sons. The first Jacob was cremated and his ashes preserved in a bronze urn. The second Jacob made cremation of the seventh son a tradition by having his remains cremated as well.
In the mansion there was a special room housing in a large stone chest the bronze urns of each of the deceased Jacobs. A picture of each Jacob graced the walls of this room. Jacob V always had his family visit this room on the death anniversary of each Jacob.
Jacob V had explained. "The Johnsons are bound to water. We always live by great bodies of water. Our "Push" talent comes from the emotional power of water. Water is symbolic of fertility that is also a talent of the Jacob Johnson clan."
As they witnessed Judith's cremation, he told them that it was the way of the Guy Washington clan and those sworn to them for the cremated remains to be returned for scattering in the Tennessee Appalachian Mountains.
"The Washingtons are scattered in the mountains because they are bound to land. Their ancestor, Guy Washington had the talent for animals, herbs and produce of the land. So this is why we are returning your mother's ashes to Appalachia."
"Where each of the Guy Washington clan spirit's rests with him and nature for eternity." Jacob VI added with a serene look in his eyes.
Jacob V was a little taken aback by the statement because he had never heard it before and did not know where Jacob VI had heard it. However, he smiled and nodded agreement, as it seemed to bring comfort to his children, especially Jane. Jane was so distraught that Jacob V promised her that he would leave Judith's room intact for her to visit, allowing her to keep the key to Judith's door.
There was no comfort for Jena or Jeremy. Jena was not allowed in her mother's room. She now found herself in a similar situation as Jeremy, locked in a small room with visits only from a nanny. Mother had told her that someday they would be parted. Jena had not wanted to believe her. To her the world was perfect. Since she had no knowledge of the outside world, not even a glance as did Jeremy through the tunnels, Jena thought only in terms of what her life had been.
Now she was dreadfully lonely. Every time her nanny appeared Jena's face would light up in expectation of being returned to Mother. Whenever Jena asked for her mother, the nanny's face would darken and she would only answer, "Soon."
Although there was no mention of the passing of Judith to servants, not even a whisper among them about her death, Chef knew she was gone. When he was told that only a tray for the child, he felt his knees buckle consumed with the agony of what Judith and he knew would be. He also knew that his life was worthless. He was only tolerated for Judith's sake. He did not try to locate Jacob VI it would only make it more difficult for them both. She was gone, he knew it - the knowledge of her passing stilled the very air around him.
Chef continued through the evening, trying as best he could to appear as his old self. His mind was screaming, the pain was intense but he had to make it. He didn't dare look for Jeremy or Jena, although he could find them by simply following the servant who took the meals to them. Oh if he could just rescue the last two children. He knew however that was idle dream. Judith and he had discussed it long ago when they decided to provide Jeremy with packet that Judith had given him before her death. Judith was so very afraid that if Chef interceded on their behalf, Jacob V would do away with all of them.
"Jeremy is very resourceful, he will find a way, I am sure," Judith had assured him.
Late in the night, Chef packed a small bag. He stopped only at Obadiah's small cabin on the edge of the estate. After weeping together for their departed "Queen". Obadiah told Chef that Jacob V had honored Judith as a Guy Washington and sent her ashes to Appalachia. Obadiah also assured Chef that the Washington clan released him as he was sworn only to Judith and was not born in Appalachia. "You cannot change destiny, Chef."
Tearfully and bitterly Chef acknowledged the truth of Obadiah's words. He knew that Obadiah would remain because he was sworn not only to Judith but also to Jacob VI and his seventh son. This sworn bond had come from Judith who had a vision when Jacob VI was born that the boys would need Obadiah. Jacob V knew nothing of this swearing. Jacob V considered Obadiah a harmless somewhat retarded man with a great talent for gardening that he valued.
Reluctantly the two men parted. Chef not wanting Obadiah to be caught with him, headed on foot to the main road that would take him to Dubuque, Iowa where he would catch a bus to Chicago. He knew that big lusty city of his birth would embrace him and drive away his pain.
It was a long walk of about 15 miles but he did not dare ask one of the drivers to take him and he was just as afraid to hitch a ride. Besides, he thought, the long walk would provide what his grieving soul needed, closeness to nature. And truly as Chef walked gazing at the vault of the heavens, all things on earth seemed small indeed.
Jacob V had really not taken much notice of Chef leaving. Henry, the head butler informed him that he was missing. "Good," Jacob V thought. Jacob V had not really expected that Chef would stay after Judith's death. The annoying blowhard probably thought that he would and rightfully so meet the same fate as Judith. For all he knew Chef may have been the Evil that was working through Judith. He told Henry to let him know when Chef did return and if he didn't in a couple of weeks, to hire another chef. Simple and done with it!
Although Jacob V was grieved at the loss of Judith, he felt free feeling that the mansion once again embraced him. Since these vibes were so good, he decided to let the children remain as they were. The Evil that emanated from Judith and Chef would no longer be there to support them. Perhaps, the sickly excuse for a boy would expire. No matter he could attend to them, later, much later.
On the night of Judith's death, Jeremy saw as he had many times before Jane visiting with Mother. At first, he would sit, listen and watch. However, he soon became bored with the aimless chitchat between the two and would leave as soon as Jane entered the room. And that night was no different for Jeremy.
The next time Jeremy came to visit Judith, she was not there. He was now strong enough to push the grate and chair in front of it. He entered her room. It was unearthly quiet without Mother or Jena. Jeremy sat in his Mother's chair whispering to the silent room, "Oh momma, momma where are you? And Jena where have you gone?"
After he had exhausted himself, he knew that his Mother was dead, as she had foretold. He was sickened that it happened so quickly. He did not even have a chance to see her one more time. The pain shot right through him. Weak and seeking comfort he crawled besides Judith's bed which had been freshly cleaned. Judith's smell lingered. Warmed and comforted by her scent, Jeremy rocked himself by the bed, careful not to disturb the bedding. When he left the room, he set the grate by the opening. From inside of the tunnel, he pulled the chair in front of the grate opening. Then he scooted the grate into place.
Since he was still free to roam the tunnels, Jeremy decided to look for Jena. He thought that Jena was either close to him or to Mother. So, it would just be a matter of checking close to his room and Mother's.
Chef and he had become good friends over the years. He was so much fun. Chef thought him clever for finding and navigating through the tunnels. Chef and he found how he could enter the kitchen from behind one of the large storage bins in the main pantry. Sometimes very late at night they would sit in the pantry talking.
So, Jeremy patiently waited for Chef hoping for some comfort and to be able to talk to someone close to Mother. Several visits later, he woefully admitted to himself that Chef was gone. Chef as well Mother had told him that if something happened to her, Chef would be gone very soon. Now as he sat staring bleary eyed at the new Chef, he knew that Chef too was gone.
The only one left in the house to find was Jena, surely if he was still here, so was she. One day more from frustration that any thing else he decided to explore a tunnel that he had dismissed as leading to nowhere. He was wrong, this tunnel took a sharp turn that led into another part of the mansion. Excited now, he moved ahead stopping only to peer into each opening. A couple of them led to a ceiling opening like the dining room. He prayed that he would not find Jena in such a room.
Eventually Jena stopped asking for her mother. She had known from the continuous appearance of the nanny, that she would never see her again. Jena pouted painfully. If only she could have told Mother how much she loved her and feel her sweet arms around her once more, if only...
Jena thought about Jeremy. She giggled at the thought of him crawling about in the tunnels looking for her. The thought was funny but she earnestly prayed that he would find her.
She occupied her time reading and playing with her dolls. All of her dolls were special as she had received one each year on her birthday from Mother. She was expecting a very special doll from Mother this year because she was going to be ten. "One whole decade and that's special," Mother had said, smiling that sweet, sweet smile. These thoughts made Jena almost shake with grief. She pushed that nasty little voice that said she would never see Mother again deep into that part of her non-thinking brain as she called it. Brightly she picked up her dolls and began arranging them once again.
Busy humming, it took a minute for Jena to hear a soft knocking. She stopped humming and started to look around. Then she heard a voice that made her heart stop.
"Jena, Jena over here behind your desk."
It was Jeremy. He had found her. "Jeremy, is it really you?"
"No, it is the ghost of Christmas Past. Now move your desk, so I can come in."
Laughing Jena ran to her desk. Jeremy was always grumpy, pretending not to care about affection. However, there was no pretense about the bear hug he grasped her with when he finally was able to reach her. Together they stood clinging lost in pain. Jena could not hold back tears. When she looked up at Jeremy, his face was wet as well.
"What are we going to do," Jena asked, "What is to become of us?"
"Girl, I don't know. I guess we will just have to wait and see."
Their existence of being confined to small areas with long stretches of nothingness did not prompt them to seek immediate action. They decided to enjoy their reunion. Mother had been reluctant to let Jena wander the tunnels with Jeremy. Jena herself was not very eager to explore. She was comfortable with the small confining space she had shared with Mother. Now, however, since Mother was no longer with them, exploring did not seem so awful.
Jeremy grinned. "We can start tomorrow because it is Saturday. I will come after the first meal and we can explore all morning. And maybe Sunday, since the first meal comes later, we go outside. You have never been outside, Jena. Girl, it is swell. I'm telling you. It is huge and there are trees, water, birds, squirrels, deer ... oh there is so much," he raved heaving for air.
"Of course, I haven't been outside silly. Maybe we should start slowly. Can we go to the great hall to see the family? I think I would like to see them first."
"Well, there are not many to see," Jeremy said slowly, thinking who was left. James the oldest had been gone for a very long time, it seemed to Jeremy. Next were John and Jeremiah. The twins Josiah and Joseph were primed to leave and had left.
Jeremy witnessed their departing "ceremony". Jacob V had announced in a loud voice at dinner that they was now of age. The numbers in the millions of the settlement on them meant little to Jeremy. The twins opted as their older brothers not to head any of Jacob V's enterprises. Both the sons and Jacob V seemed happy for them to disappear into oblivion. While he had enjoyed his beautiful sons immensely as they matured, they were merely stepping-stones to the chosen one. Jason alone among them was different. He was devoted to Jacob V and Jane. Jane seemed to enjoy his company as well. Oh well, no bother Jacob V thought, the boy was extremely obedient and one could always use a good gopher.
So, even though only Jason, Jane and Jacob VI were left, Jeremy thought they still made a grand family and it would be worth it just for Jena to see Father. "Oh, all right. Maybe you are right," Jeremy grudgingly acknowledged. "But we will have to go after the last meal to see the family."
Late in the afternoon on Saturday, the two set our to see the "family". Jeremy visited them often and sat long spells simply watching them.
Jena on the other hand thought them a trifle boring. They all sat so perfectly, not talking to each other. Jacob VI spoke hardly at all and Jane talked almost non-stop with Jacob V giving her his undivided attention. The only time Jane was quiet was when Jacob V spoke. Jena could see that Jacob V was her father and as glorious as he appeared something about him repelled her. She pulled back and looked at Jeremy. She could see nothing but worship in his eyes.
Back in her room, Jena gave her assessment, "I think he is just awful."
"Who?"
"Why Father, of course, Jacob V."
"You think Father is awful??!! Aww, you're just kidding. You know that he is grand. Look how great he is. Look at how he looks at the chosen ones. Gee, I would give anything just to sit with them."
To Jena, Jacob V seemed like an over inflated windbag and Jane was his hot air sidekick. She saw that Jeremy was sincere, so she kept her opinion to herself.
Once Jena mastered the trick of crawling through the tunnels, she was as fast as Jeremy. Her sense of direction was almost unerring. For the next several months they scampered all over the mansion. Late on Saturday nights they would lie on the rug in the Library enjoying its warmth while pouring through books. The supply seemed endless. Jena discovered she really liked numbers and mathematics. Jeremy agreed math was fun because it helped him define his lines.
They even went to Jeremy's room where he showed her all of his drawings. Through the years he had shown some of them to Mother and Jena. Jena giggled, "Wow, these are awesome, I had no idea you had to so many."
"Ha-ha, great way to pass the time."
Jena nodded in agreement, understanding full well what the hours upon hours of looking at four walls meant.
They did not want to worry about what was to happen with them, they occupied themselves in exploring the mansion and the grounds. Jeremy avoided the kitchen because he could not bear to go there since Chef had left. He really liked Chef. The kitchen brought back too many memories of Mother and Chef.
Although both of them knew that they could get to Mother's room via the tunnels neither had suggested going there. It was not until several months later that they desired to visit Mother's room.
It was autumn and Jeremy watched Jena play in the early morning sun amongst the canopy of leaves, her brightness even challenged the brilliance of the sun he thought. She was so pure, beautiful and happy; her aura completely as always embraced and warmed him. So, Jeremy was shocked when Jena suddenly stopped playing sitting down in the sparkling leaves with a frown that portended tears.
"What is it, Jena? What's wrong?"
For a minute she just sat, her head sagging against her chest, reluctant to speak or raise her head so that her eyes could meet Jeremy's.
"Come on, Jena. You know that we are here for each other."
"Tomorrow." I just remembered, "speaking slowly trying to prevent the onslaught of tears "tomorrow is my birthday."
Ashamed that he had forgotten Jena's birthday, Jeremy softly spoke, "Gee. I'm sorry Jena. I kinda forgot. "
"No, its not you, its not the birthday, I miss Mother, oh how I miss her. "
At this, Jena collapsed into the leaves completely distraught, crying as if she would cry for all eternity. Jeremy stood by helplessly, his mind racing trying to think of something to calm her. It was really hard for him because Jena was very rarely upset. He had never seen her so out of control.
Finally, he sat down in the leaves besides her. "Jena, I know a special place that I have been saving."
"A special place?" her sobbing eased a little. "What is it?"
Encouraged Jeremy, his mind still racing rapidly for a thought. Suddenly, it hit him. Mother's room, he remembered the comfort he felt sleeping by Mother's bed. He was surprised that Jena had not asked before. "Jena," Jeremy speaking tentatively, "maybe we can go to Mother's room, I just kinda felt that it is special which is why I haven't taken you there."
Jena stopped crying completely. "Oh Jeremy, I don't know, it might make it worse with Mother being gone and all."
"Its worth a try Jena, come on what is there to lose. You can't possible feel any worse than you do - shucks, girl, it might make you feel better."
With a distance look in her eyes, Jena nodded her accent. "Great," we will go tonight after the last meal." Both were up on their feet and heading into the tunnel for their separate rooms, not daring to be late for the first meal of the day.
Later that night upon entering Mother's room, Jena shrank back against the tunnel wall. Jeremy entered and instantly feeling the wonderful presence of Mother, coaxed Jena to enter as well.
"Come on Jena, it is really swell here. You can feel Mother. Come on it will make you feel better. I'm sure of it."
Since Jeremy was so enthusiastic, Jena gingerly stepped in the room. "Oh my, it's like Mother is still here. Look the clocks have not been moved. And here is her favorite chair. It is wonderful here."
Excited now Jena began to wander about the room, telling Jeremy that she was glad that they had come. Almost without thought, Jena began rummaging through the draws.
"We really shouldn't take anything, someone might miss it," said Jeremy as he watched Jena pleased that she was happy again.
"I know. It is just so nice to touch Mother's things."
The sin that was to grow between the two of them began innocently. Lost, alone, without guidance and with only each other for support and comfort; crossed a line that Jeremy could not resist and Jena with no comprehension of what was happening.
After relating the warm pleasure he had experience sleeping by Mother's bed, he convinced Jena to join him. She was not reluctant because she had warm and vibrant memories of sleeping snuggled next to Mother.
Carefully, they folded all the bedding even the sheets and mattress cover away from the bed. Jeremy had said in case someone should check the room.
At first they laid quietly absorbing Mother's aromatic scent. Each engulfed with their special memories of Mother. They had the luxury of not rushing because it was a Saturday night and no one ever checked on them.
It was Jeremy who rolled over and embraced Jena. At this moment his intention was only that of comfort. Jena happy for the comfort snuggled closer to him as she had to Mother.
At this point the boy became acutely aware of Jena's female presence. Though not quite into puberty, Jena was flowering into a promise of a stunning beauty. Until this contact, Jeremy had been content with her company and overcoming the loss of Mother. Now Jena was close enough for him to smell the fresh washed scent of her hair and body. And her satin skin was so soft and smooth.
The years of watching both the pornographic tapes and even Father himself as Jeremy masturbated caused an erection and desire that Jeremy could not control.
Slowly he began caressing Jena. At first Jena thinking this was a part of his comfort, allowed his touch. Jena having had no instruction of sex or even basic anatomy knew of nothing but the obvious; head, face, arms, legs, lay quietly as Jeremy touch became more aggressive. When he put his hands between her legs, Jena flinched, instinctively not liking for him to touch her there. When she tried to move his hands, Jeremy told it was okay; that this is what love was about between two people.
Still unsure but not wanting to reject Jeremy, Jena relaxed allowing him to proceed. Jeremy was too concerned with the myriad of sensations that he was experiencing to think any at all about Jena. He could not know. He just knew that the women on the tapes were beautiful and that they writhed and shook with pleasure, so he expected Jena not to be any different. As he penetrated her with the force and excitement of the first time, he took her harsh gasping and tears as pleasure. He was deliriously happy, he had never imagined to what level sex with a female would bring him.
Jena bewildered and in excruciating pain, struggled to keep from screaming out loud. She tried not to move her body because whenever she pulled away, Jeremy would push and shove his strange body part that caused the pain deeper inside her. Finally, she lay much like a rag doll hoping that this "expression of love" would soon end.
And it did end with Jeremy's face horribly distorted in what appeared to be both pain and pleasure. At the conclusion of his orgasm, Jeremy collapsed on top of Jena, not bothering to remove himself. Mercifully for Jena he soon fell asleep and she was able to slide from under him.
She hurt. What he had done to her hurt. It hurt badly. How could this be love? Overloaded with pain and confusion, avoiding touching Jeremy, Jena in physical agony moved slowly away from him. Every movement caused her pain but determined to get away and back to her own room, Jena half crawled back to the tunnel and to her own room.
It would take days for Jeremy to coax Jena from her room. Jeremy told her that he put the bedding back and cleaned everything in Mother's room. No one would even know that they had been there. He said he too was sore and in pain but in the end it would be good thing. He could show her Father's room of love and she could she for herself that people really did enjoy themselves.
As Jena began to heal, she was still too confused to understand. She dared not ask Nanny. Indeed, it has been hard to not reveal any type of pain around Nanny.
Up to this time Jeremy had been so swell to be around, he was funny, caring and great company. She remembered Mother talking vaguely about love and that it could hurt. Maybe this is what she meant. Jena was not sure. She was sure; however, that the deep ache of being alone was worst that Jeremy's "love". For that pain receded, while being alone secluded within the confines of the small room with no one to really talk, laugh with and enjoy was an awful gnawing pain. She only had Jeremy to ease that pain.
Finally, the fear of losing what little company she possessed. She moved the desk the next time Jeremy appeared. Together they went silently to Father's "love" room. Jena did not find the tapes at all pleasant. "See how beautiful they are, Jena." Jeremy gushed, "And you are really prettier than all of them."
Jena could not see what relevance it had but she nodded in consent. She went to another place in her head while Jeremy watched excitedly.
Jeremy continued to make "love" to Jena, mostly in Mother's room. Jeremy had liked to keep the fantasy of "love" and the association with Mother alive for Jena. Somehow he thought this would make it easier for her. It didn't, Jena had learned that remaining as a rag doll and thinking of other things made it easier for her to bear.
They continued to explore the tunnels. Jena had gotten comfortable enough to roam on her own. In doing so, she discovered Jacob V's boardroom. She really enjoyed watching financial transactions, reports and the general energy of the mathematics involved. She found Jane to be quick. Sometimes she was quicker than some of the adults. Too bad, she could not know Jane; it seemed that they shared a love of math and complex logic. But there was something else about Jane that made her recoil. Jane appeared sometimes to be ruthless, slicing Father's associates into little pieces while Father always beaming watched.
Jacob VI was always there as well. It was obvious that he had the intelligence to keep up but math and the financial world appeared to bore him. Once when Jacob V cajoled him about taking over his empire. Jacob VI throwing his head back laughing said, "Aw, just let Jane do it, she's almost better than you!"
However, the look on Jacob V's face; caused Jacob VI to apologize immediately and become extremely attentive.
Jacob V was feeling great. Since Judith and Chef were gone, he no longer felt the overpowering grip of evil. This confirmed to him that one or the other of them was the medium for evil. Although he was aware that Jeremy continued to live and Jena continued to flower, he felt that they were not a threat. Ruthless with adults, Jacob V hesitated to inflict harm upon children. Besides, he was very experienced at shedding his children once they became adults.
Although Jane still liked to visit her Mother's room, she did so less and less, which encouraged Jacob V to believe that he had conquered the Evil. He was further encouraged that as Jane matured, she was becoming less homely. The plastic surgeon had told him that she would only require minimal adjustments to be made truly attractive.
The first anniversary of Judith's death drew the three children; Jane, Jeremy and Jena to her room like a magnet. Within the walls of the room, each of them felt her special comfort, even Jeremy who now associated the room with another type of comfort.
During the days that preceding Judith's anniversary, Jena had become very sulky and unhappy. Her life it seemed to matter little. Jeremy was quite happy to draw, roam the tunnels, spy on "the family" and pump her.
Mother had been such fun with games books and puzzles. Chef always brought the most delicious treats. He was animated and fun. Even her relationship with Jeremy had been special; he was sweeter and more sensitive when Mother was alive.
Although it seemed to Jena that she was just a source of entertainment for him, Jeremy did retain some of the feelings from the days of Mother for her. And he remembered that Mother had instructed him to take care of Jena.
He told Jena that he would have a special treat that would remind her of Mother and old times. Jena smiled feeling that in his own way Jeremy did care about her. Happy with that smile, Jeremy boldly slipped in the kitchen later that night and cut one of the carrot cakes (Jena and his favorite) in half.
Rummaging through Mother's draws he found candles and the nice tablecloth she used for special occasions. Putting the cake in the center with a candle on each side gave the table the same appearance as if Mother had done it herself. Joyfully, he went for Jena.
"OOOh, Jeremy, yes!" Jena cried when she saw the table. "Yes, yes" she clapped her hands at the carrot cake. "Oh Jeremy, where did you find this," she sputtered.
To her delight, Jeremy recanted how he boldly slipped in the kitchen late the night before. He told her that he did using the tunnels go to the kitchen today to see if it was missed. He said that it was business as usual. Guess with so much, who would miss a half of a cake!
To Jena's delight, Jeremy had spread out games (checkers, scrabble, etc.) and a couple of puzzles. "Oh, it's just like Mother was here!"
The two played games as they ate all of the cake. Jeremy kept Jena laughing with his impersonations of the different ones of the family eating cake. When Jeremy led her to Mother's bed, Jena was so tired and happy that chore as she thought of it was much less odious. Heavy with cake and the long hours Jeremy and Jena were soon soundly asleep.
Jane had been restless all night she could not sleep. Growing weary of tossing and turning, she sat up in her bed. "Why, this is night one year ago that Mother died," she thought. "No wonder I can't sleep."
At first she tried remembering Mother and their times together. Still sleep eluded her. Then a light went off in her head. She could go to Mother's room and snuggle in her bed as she did right after Mother died. Surely that would bring her the comfort she needed.
Happily and quietly she slid out of her bed and room. She even stopped by the kitchen and cut herself a generous slice of the carrot cake that was already cut and poured herself a glass of milk, she continued on her journey.
As soon as she eased the door open, she knew something was not right. So she decided not to turn on the light. Instead she slid the cake and milk on the small table just inside the door.
"Jeepers, it looks like someone has been having a party in here!" The games and half finished puzzles were scattered on the floor by the table. The candles were mostly consumed and two plates with remnants of cake were left on the table.
However, she was not prepared her for what she saw next in her mother's bed. Very quietly she approached the bed. They both were beautiful, lying tangled naked together. The boy was very thin and the girl positively glowed beauty, perfect in every way. The massive amounts of heavy curly hair that crowned both heads confused her even more - who were they?
But it was all wrong they should be in Mother's room, in her bed and naked!!?? As quietly as she had entered, Jane exited the room. Once out, she ran on winged feet to her father.

Out in the Cold
"Father," Jane tapped urgently but softly on her father's bedroom door. This room was known to all of his children. The sex room that was known to Jeremy but not to the rest of his children was in another wing of the mansion. His main bedroom with close to the children's room and he encouraged all of them to visit him.
Again Jane rapped softly. Jacob VI and then Jason each poked their heads of their respective doors, "What's the matter, Jane?" Jacob VI was first to speak.
"I'm not sure, but Father will know what to do."
By this time Jacob V had opened the door. Seeing Jane in a slightly agitated state with both of his remaining sons, he was instantly alert. "Children?"
Jason and Jacob VI looked blank and pointed at Jane. "Father, something, some people ... oh, Father you just must come see for yourself. Something is not right in Mother's room."
Somewhat bewildered but wanting to assist Jane, Jacob V merely turned on his heels and strolled toward Judith's room with Jane trailing behind. Jason and Jacob VI grinning decided to tag along.
"Might be some real fun!" Jacob VI said poking Jason who grinned back at him.
When they arrived at the room, Jane slid ahead, putting her hand to lips for silence. Quietly she turned the key and slipped with the others behind her into the room.
The two children in the bed lay as they had before, their innocence and beauty betrayed by their nakedness. Jacob VI stared at Jena, her beauty was off the charts, he thought. But the thought only lasted a moment because he was staring at the boy in the bed. Another brother, it was another brother, ha-ha there are eight of us!!
Jacob VI did not have a chance to utter a word, for Jacob V erupted from behind his beloved children bellowing with all the intensity of an active volcano. "The Evil, the Evil, filth, swine," He roared, then remembering his chosen children, he calmed momentarily, "Jane, dearest, my treasure Jacob VI and faithful Jason; cover your eyes children so that the Evil will not taint you. Leave quickly, this is the Evil of which I spoke and once I deal with them, it will set us free. Go now, quickly. When I am done here, I will come to you. Go now. " After a quick pause, Jacob V added, "Jacob VI, please send Henry to me immediately. Thank you."
Although she was still very curious about who they were, Jane knew that her Father would answer everything she would want to know about them. Anxious to please him, she pushed her two brothers toward the door. For lack of any other emotion, the children once out of room giggled and punched each other as they ran back to their rooms and Jacob VI to get Henry, whose family had served Jacob Johnsons since the first Jacob.
Alone with Father, Jeremy and Jena shrank wide eyed against the headboard of the bed as though trying to melt within it to cover their nakedness. Neither was sure why Jacob V was raging so wildly at them. But to be sure, he looked and acted very dangerous.
Jeremy was in complete awe of Jacob V. Even in his anger, Jeremy thought that he was the most magnificent creature he had ever seen. Afraid to look at him directly, Jeremy bowed his head in humble submission to whatever this awesome being deigned to do to him.
Jena on the other hand neither feared nor revered Jacob V. Right now he appeared to be a very out of control ugly man. Having no idea of his hate for her, she simply looked at him wanting to know the reason for his wrath. "Father ..."
The single word caused Jacob V to nearly go blind with rage. "How dare you, call me Father, you filthy little slut, you harlot. I have only one daughter, Jane, who is as pure as the driven snow. How dare you."
Still sputtering his rage, he reached with one hand grabbing Jena by her hair and flung her out of the bed against the wall. Now terrified, Jena had the good sense to lower her eyes and head. Jacob V truly hated her and would have proceeded to beat and kick her had not Henry arrived.
"Sir?" Henry said quietly.
Jacob V was brought back to reality. He did not want truly to kill the girl. He was caught up in the Evil that he thought she represented. He sank against the bedpost.
Still glaring viciously at the girl, "No, I don't want your filthy blood on me or anywhere in this mansion. A quick death would be too good for you. You must suffer as I have suffered. You cost me a good wife, you must suffer."
Now Jacob V put his face directly in front of Jena's, lifting her head so that he could stare into her eyes. "Your stay here has been a picnic, you will know the meaning of pain before you leave this earth to join the Evil that spawned you."
Jena not sure that he was done beating her, still terrified but determined not to cry, closed her eyes. At this Jacob V spat at her, "You little bitch."
Jeremy remained in the bed, head and eyes lowered not daring to think or even react to the cruel treatment of Jena. Did not Mother say that Jacob V didn't own them as his? How could she be so stupid as to call him "Father"? Nonetheless, he was rather shocked and amazed at Jacob V's rage. Not wanting to anger him further, Jeremy sat perfectly still.
"Henry, take this little whore from my eyes. Take her to her nanny to be dressed for departure. She is to have nothing but the clothes on her back. Leave her with the nanny. I will give you instructions later about her. Return here immediately, so that we may deal with this young man..." Saying this he turned to Jeremy, "raise your head and look at me boy."
When Jeremy raised his head trembling slightly while looking at Jacob V, Jacob V was taken aback to see the same awe and worship in his eyes as he saw in Jason's. This softened his anger. After all it was obvious that the Evil was that defiant little whore. This boy was just a mere tool. However, he could not allow him to stay, he was tainted and he could not have him corrupting his precious ones.
"At least you have the good sense, to keep your mouth shut." Jacob V spied Jeremy's clothes on the floor. He tossed them at Jeremy, "here put on your clothes."
Still shaking, Jeremy wasted no time in dressing. After which he stood by the bed waiting orders.
"Too bad, I have to send you away. You seem to be very obedient, always a good quality in one such as yourself. Now, clean up this mess while we wait for Henry."
Jeremy rapidly picked up the puzzle pieces, games, and put the trash in the bag in which he had brought the cake. Nodding his approval, Jacob V strode around the room. Then he spotted the open grate that led to the tunnels. Amazed he went over to it and stuck his head in the tunnel.
"Well, I will be damned. I never knew. Where does this tunnel go boy?" Not receiving an answer quick enough, Jacob V turned, "Speak to me boy; are you deaf? I really don't think you are stupid."
"There is more than just that one and they go all over the mansion, sir," Jeremy managed without too much stammer in his voice.
"Well, I will be damned. So, you little urchins have had free run of the mansion all this time."
By this time, Henry had returned and was standing quietly by the door.
"Henry, Henry come look at this. The boy says that there is more than one. Can you imagine we never knew about these tunnels?!"
"Well I will be blessed, sir. I would never have guessed, except I am seeing one of the tunnels with my own eyes."
"Oh well, no matter, I'll have these tunnels explored later. Now to the business at hand." Jacob V said as he turned to Jeremy. "Well, boy, you have earned yourself a chance. I don't think you will make it but I am going to give to a chance."
Jacob V thought it was almost comical that while he thought he had them all under lock and key, they had access to places that even he didn't know about. "Unbelievable!"
Jeremy did not know what he meant by this but at least it did not sound threatening. It seemed to Jeremy that Jacob V anger was really focused on Jena. While he really felt bad about the way he had treated Jena, very selfishly he was glad that Jacob V was not that angry with him.
Jacob V after telling Jeremy to stay put, stepped outside with Henry. He gave Henry instructions to allow the boy to pack a few clothes, books, whatever and drive him to Dubuque, Iowa. There he was to put the boy on a bus to Chicago. At this Jacob V laughed at his own ingenuity. That slip of boy would never survive Chicago. Hell, the very sight of the place would probably kill him. And if that didn't, he would never survive in Chicago without money and street smarts. And if he did, well damn more power to him.
Jacob V's solution for Jena was much more drastic. He had no warmth for Jena and his brief encounter with her solidified his hate into something cold mean and cruel. He knew just the place to send her. He donated to a number of charities mostly for show but now he would have real use for one particular retreat.
He liked Mother Superior Gertrude because he could feel the greed sliding off of her. She had approached him years ago about money for her school for girls in Northwest Indiana. While she was very adept with the pretense that she was truly interested in the welfare of wayward and needy girls, Jacob V knew that she could care less about them using the school as a way to secure funds for her own comfort and entertainment.
He had over the years donated generously to this school. He called her Gerty. He knew that not only would she do what he asked she would enjoy it. Beneath the sickening smiles which as the years passed, she began to discard around him, was a mean and bitter woman, hardened by early years of abuse and neglect.
He knew as he was dialing her number that he did not even need to explain who Jena was. He knew Gerty would not care about any details. Jacob V told her that he wanted Jena isolated from the other girls, made to do hard labor, fed only enough to keep her alive, and since she was such a defiant little bitch a weekly whipping or two wouldn't hurt.
He could hear the pleasure in Gerty's voice when she replied, "That's our specialty, little bitches, ha-ha I will take care of her!"
Jena waited with her nanny in the little room. She certainly didn't understand what was happening to her and why. She did know that without a doubt her life was going to change drastically. Nanny did not allow her to take anything, not even her dolls. At first, she had insisted because the dolls were all that she had of Mother. Nanny snatched them all away from her, telling her that she was too old to be playing with dolls. Fighting the tears Jena resisted the urge just to drop to the floor and release the pain. Then she heard for the first time in her head a small whisper, it was not her mother's voice but it was so like her. The voice kept repeating for her to be strong and that she was not evil.
Totally bewildered it all was a mystery to her. What had she done, why was Jacob V, Father, so angry with her? What was this Evil? How was she connected to It? So many questions, so much pain and not a single warm face anywhere. Even Jeremy had looked at her horrified when she spoke to Jacob V. She only had the memory of the faint whisper to comfort her.
When Henry arrived, he looked at her sadly, "Come little miss, you have quite a ways to go."
Knowing now that resistance was useless, Jena merely followed him. At the door, Jacob V stood scowling viciously. "Oh still have that head high in the air? Well, we will see if that lasts. See how pride tastes when your stomach sinks against your back in hunger. I've sheltered you, fed you, clothed you and all you could return was evil, trying to destroy this great dynasty."
Jena felt that although Jacob V was unfairly terribly angry, she should show him that she did not hate him. So, just before her foot left the last step, she turned, looked Jacob V straight in the eyes and smiled. Henry realizing the affect it would have on him, snatched her off the step and shoved her in the waiting pickup truck and told the driver, "Go."
Jacob V failing to make it the steps in time to assault Jena shook his fist at the escaping truck. "Take that little evil harlot away from here, take her away."
He screamed until Henry quietly said, "she's gone now, sir. You have won defeating the Evil that could have been your very ruin."
His anger ebbing, Jacob V looked hard at Henry. "Yes, you are right, Henry, I have won! I am victorious!!"
About this time the door opened again and a beleaguered Jeremy appeared. Jacob V seeing the defeated fearful look on his face; quietly stepped aside. "Well, boy you know I don't have any other choice. Chin up, now"
Jeremy knew better than to do anything but to continue to bow his head and nod slightly. As soon as he climbed in the truck, the driver sped away.
Jacob V looked at Henry and his three remaining children now standing on the steps. "That's it!" He said rubbing his hands. "Our mansion is free and clear of the Evil!"
Jacob VI and Jane were each a little sad for surprisingly about the same reason. Jacob VI would have liked to known them both just because they were his kin. He didn't see anything evil about them at all. Of course, the naked in the bed thing wasn't good but evil? He doubted that either one of them had a clue about the act they had committed other than the natural course of maturing.
Jane would have liked to gotten to know Jena. She was absolutely exquisite, prettier than any female she had ever seen. And she seemed like she might be a lot of fun. She didn't look very old, maybe ten or eleven. But if Father said she was evil, then so be it. Still, her mind lingered on Jena; it would have been nice to have a sister.
Jason had no thoughts whatsoever about what had happened. He was content to assist his father. His love and devotion for Jacob V matched Jane's. He was unerringly obedient to him and could be entrusted with the most tedious of affairs. When Jason did not want to go to school and leave the mansion as had the others, Jacob V at first was a little put off at him. It was the astute Jane who pointed out that he was obedient and loyal. These qualities could always be put to good use. So Jacob V marveling at Jane's insight had allowed Jason to remain.
"Now my beloved ones," Jacob V said, happily as he stretched his arms around the three of them and turned them to go back inside the mansion, "let's get on with our lives."
Once in the truck, Jeremy raised his head to watch the fleeting countryside. The outdoors always had seemed large to him, now it seemed overwhelming. This was added to the fact that his first ride in an automobile of any sort was scary. He sat clutching the small bag that Henry had brought him. For all the suddenness of his departure, he did remember the small pack that Mother had given. He pinned it inside of his pants where he could feel it at all times. The sight of the pack also made him remember that Mother had told him to take care of Jena. He felt like he had failed miserably. But how could he know that they would be discovered and that Jena would be so defiant?
He comforted himself with the thought that he would find Jena again as he had found her in the mansion. Having consoled himself, he began to concentrate on the scenery. The driver neither looked nor spoke to him. Jena and he had read in the library about large cities and super highways. This area through which they were now traveling seemed more like the country. The road was lined on either side with trees, heavy and green with foliage. Jeremy thought about what month it was, August. August is a month in the season called summer. So, that's why the trees, the grass, everything was so green. Just when he thought his mind could take no more, he saw it. Big, wide and running along the horizon. The shock of seeing it caused him to almost stand up in the truck.
"Stay down, boy," the driver growled.
Duly chastised, Jeremy fell back in his seat. "It's the Mississippi," he thought. He pressed his face against the window as the truck chugged across the bridge. For as far as he could see out the window on his side, there was water. And from what he could tell on the opposite side there was water as well.
With the images of the Mississippi still running vividly in his head, Jeremy barely looked at the city of Dubuque. The driver pulled up and stopped in front a non-descript little building and ordered Jeremy to stay put. When he returned, gave Jeremy an envelope.
"Give this to that man, over there by the bus and then get on the bus," the driver said, looking a little forlorn. And then as if coming from someone else, the driver as he pushed Jeremy in the direction of the bus, mumbled, "Good luck to you, boy."
Once Jena's driver was out of sight of the mansion, he pulled over and told her to get in the back of the truck. He said he was sorry she would have to ride there but as she was evil, he did not want any of her evil to touch him. After all, he was quite respectable with a wife and family and couldn't risk bringing any of her evil taint back with him.
Obediently Jena got in the back of the truck. She did not particularly care for the way he looked at her anyway. In the back of the truck she found a blanket that she wrapped around her and hunkered down against the side of the truck. While it was not cold, the blanket provided mainly comfort and a shield against the wind.
The journey for Jena was anything but pleasant. The truck heaved and tossed side to side as they navigated the old country roads. Once they got on the interstate, the ride was considerably smoother. Thankful that the ride had become smoother, Jena relaxed and dozed fitfully.
Bump, bump - Jena started awake. At first she thought she was home and in her bed. But to her despair, the nightmare that unfolded in the last several hours continued. From the feel of the bumping, they were on country roads again. And good grief what was that smell? It was so awful that it almost gagged her. Having spent the entirety of her life in the confinement, Jena could not even begin to understand the many wonders and smells of farm life.
However, she did get long to ponder anything. For the truck stopped abruptly. The driver snarled at her to get out. Jena scrambled to get out the truck but obviously it was not fast enough for the driver. He grabbed her by her hair and literally snatched her out of the truck. He took the blanket that she was wrapped in and threw it out on top of her. "Here I don't want nothin' of your evilness,"
"But it's not mine," Jena protested.
"Doesn't matter, you done wrapped your nasty little body in it, keep it."
Saying this, the driver jumped back in the truck and sped off. Jena bewildered and sore from the miserable truck ride, struggled to stand. She had no idea how long she had been in the truck. It must have been most of the day she thought because now the sun appeared ready to set.
Picking up the blanket, she stared around. She was standing on a dirt road surrounded by trees. In front of her in the distance through the trees she could see a large building. Behind her was only the dust that the truck had made as the driver drove away. Weary and unhappy but not knowing what else to do, Jena started walking down the dirt road toward the building.
She decided that this was a pretty place, the trees where all shades and hues of green. Soon she came to a small creek and little bridge. If she was not so tired, hungry and alone, she would have thought this a magical spot and would have wanted to linger there but in her present state she just trudged onward toward the building.
The bus moved much faster than the truck, Jeremy thought. The bus driver was very nice, telling him he could sit anywhere he wanted. The driver had looked at Jeremy pale and skinny frame and decided the poor kid could use a friend.
The driver was also concerned, "You do know this bus is going to Chicago. Ever been there?" he asked.
"No, no," Jeremy stammered, "Chicago is where Father said I was to go."
The driver looked at Jeremy again, this time looking at him completely. "Jeez, how did I miss that hair, one of them Johnsons! But," he mused, "I thought all them boys were grown and gone except for the favorite and one next to him. Oh well, probably a cousin or something because this child had the hair but certainly not the rest of the handsome beauty of the family." Fortunately, for Jeremy, the driver decided it still wouldn't hurt to be nice to him.
To Jeremy the bus seats were big and comfortable; the bus moved along at a smooth clip. Between talking to the driver and sleeping, he had a really pleasant trip to Chicago.
Chicago, Jeremy had seen pictures, read endlessly about the architecture and the millions of people from all over the world. However, there was nothing that could have prepared him for his first sight of the city. It seemed to Jeremy that they were just bumping along the rural outback when out of nowhere a city arose up on the plains. As they came closer to the Loop, the buildings grew way passed large they became gigantic.
When the he got off the bus, he didn't care that the driver was laughing at him; he just stood and stared up. "Wow!"
"Ha-ha," the driver was laughing so hard tears were coming out of his eyes, "Wow! Is that the best you can do?!"
Jeremy just grinned at him. He didn't care, for he knew that he had found his home. All these glorious buildings, the El trains, the buses and all the people - he knew he would never, never leave Chicago. He just sat down right there on the curb and grinned.
"Where you gonna go, boy? You can't live on the street. Well, I guess you can but I wouldn't recommend it."
"My mother, " Jeremy faltered, just mentioning her name brought back the world he had lost that he would never have again. Quickly brushing away a tear, "my mother said I should find the Catholic Charities. I have a letter for them."
"No problem, I know where one is and I'll get you on the bus there."
The stream did look so soothing that Jena seriously thought for moment of stopping to soak her weary feet. "No, I best keep moving."
She tried not to think what lay ahead for her. Nothing so far had made any sense like an endless riddle. She looked up at the sky and felt really small. "What? Helpless? What? What is going to happen to me?"
She was almost to the building now. She could see people looking closer they appeared to be girls. Girls of different ages and sizes, all dressed alike laughing and talking seemingly enjoying themselves. Suddenly they all froze, coming to a kind of fearful attention.
The reason for the rapt attention was soon apparent. A short, squat rather ugly nun with eyes so mean that her glance caused Jena to shudder. Horribly those mean reptilian eyes focused on Jena.
"You there, step forward. NOW. I haven't an eternity to waste on you. NOW!"
Jena moved forward, stumbling slightly, toward the awful creature.
"That's better. Judging from your sinful good looks, you must be Jena. Well, are you?"
"Yesss, uh yes."
"Uh yesss what, what..." the savage creature roared.
"Yes ma'am, yes I am Jena," trying hard not betray her fear.
A malicious smirk spread across the creature's face, "That's better, you don't look so evil to me but 'who knows what evil lurks in the hearts of man' or woman." She laughed almost hysterically at her very poor joke. She glanced around at the yard full of girls and clapped her hands short and rapidly. Quickly the girls came to life and disappeared within the building.
Now alone, the creature walked around Jena. "I am Gertrude, the Mother Superior here. I am in charge here, nothing or no one acts without me. Be careful to mind yourself around me."
Then she took Jena my shoulders and stared deep into Jena's eyes. As afraid as she was, Jena was not going to back down. She lifted her head and gazed back into the Mother Superior's eyes. Shocked Gertrude jerked back. For a second Jena thought she saw fear in Gertrude's eyes. Then the fear was replaced by an intense hate.
"Well now, we can see what got Jacob V hopping. You've got something in you. But rest assure that I'll have it beat and starved out of you."
Then she motioned to someone who was standing in the shadows that Jena had not seen. "Take her to the tower room, no bath for her, one slice of bread, a glass of water and then give her five lashes. Heh-heh that'll be a good start."
A plain stern no nonsense looking Nun stepped forward and grabbed Jena roughly by the arm. Jena started to pull back but the look on the Nun's face caused Jena to allow herself to be pulled along.
By this time Jena was starved, she hungrily ate the slice of bread but sipped the water trying to stop the burning in her throat. As she drank her water, Jena looked around the room. It was worse than anything she had seen. The room was dirty; the walls seemed to be made of dirt. Insects scampered about freely and the smell was almost as bad as the pig and cow dung she had smelled earlier.
"Stop stalling, you little heathen," said the Nun as she slapped the cup of water out of Jena's hand. "Bend over."
Jena just looked at her not comprehending the order. Impatient to get the beating over with, the Nun roughly snatched up Jena's dress baring her back and pushed her over. Before Jena realized what was happening she felt the biting sting of a blow to her back. Again and again she was hit until she slumped on the floor, pain flooding her being.

Jena At the Convent
When she heard the door slam and was certain that cruel nun was gone, whimpering Jena crawled to the filthy cot that had neither a pillow nor sheets.
She didn't care about the dirt, the insects; she really didn't care about anything now. She lay on the dirty mattress and for lack of any other comfort; she put her thumb in mouth and rocked. As she rocked she heard it again. The faint whisper in her head saying as before for her to be strong, that she should let go. She found the whisper extremely comforting helping her to deal with her physical and emotional pain.
Sister Rosalee, a diminutive nun with a kind warm heart, short very straight hair and bright cheerful eyes; was very tiny but strong. She heard the child's screams but dared not to try stopping the beating. Instead she prayed for a clever way to get the child out of the filthy hole away from the insects and vermin that surely would cover the now bloody child.
Although the Mother Superior suspected that Rosalee took the edge from some of the punishment she decreed, she liked the pixie looking nun. She usually was very good at finding worthy punishments, so Gertrude overlooked her interference.
The kitchen! Yes, that was the answer. The work was very hard in the kitchen and everyone hated kitchen chores. There was a much cleaner room, very small but this child did not need much. She hurried to get the Mother Superior's approval.
"Oh Sister Rosalee, you've outdone yourself this time! I like it, the child will have permanent kitchen duty, lessons alone and locked in every night, so she can't wander out and steal food. This would leave the punishment room open for other miscreants. Yes, with a beating or two, this will work just fine. Sure, sure you can be the one to tutor her. I doubt any of the other nuns would want to dirty themselves with her."
Sister Rosalee knocked on the door of Jena's room because she did not want to further frighten the child. When she heard a muffled "yesss", she entered the room. The filthy room really disgusted her. She thought it was unsuitable for anybody bad or not. It certainly would not help anyone to be better that's for sure, she thought as she walked toward the child who was curled into a ball facing the wall.
The insects were already beginning to crawl about the open wounds on her back. The child did not move or make any attempt to knock them off. Except for the slight breathing movements of her shoulders, Sister Rosalee would not have guessed that the child was alive at all.
Very gently and easily she sat down brushing away the insects on the bed beside Jena. In very soft even voice, "Child I am going to remove the insects from your back, don't you feel them?"
Silence. Jena did not move as the nun began to remove the insects. "I won't hurt you, I know that others have but I won't, really I won't."
"How can I be sure of that," Jena whispered in a broken voice.
"Turn and face me child, look into my eyes, you will find the assurance that you seek there."
"It doesn't matter," Jena thought. She had given up all hope for any kindness. So she thought she might as well turn and face her new tormentor and get it over with.
Both Jena and Sister Rosalee were shocked when they faced each other. Sister Rosalee was stunned by Jena's beauty shining forth through the tears and grim. Jena was shocked by the true goodness that radiated from Sister Rosalee. The bright cheerfulness of Sister Rosalee's eyes arrested her.
"Beautiful, exquisitely so, just beautiful," Sister Rosalee grasped.
"You are good, I can see it as you said in your eyes, I can feel your goodness," cried Jena. Without any further hesitation Jena collapsed into Sister Rosalee's outstretched arms.
Suddenly Jena jerked upright. "What is it child, what?"
"I'm evil, bad - that's why I am here. Father sent me away because I am so evil. He really hates me. He can't stand for me to utter a word, nothing. I tried smiling at him when I left to show him that I didn't hate him. He got so angry that if wasn't for Henry, he probably would have choked me to death. I don't know how I got to be so evil. I don't feel evil, but then I wouldn't know how evil feels because I don't know when I became evil. Mother never called me evil."
Sister Rosalee smiled relieved that the child was at last talking. She took Jena's face in her hands, upturned her face with them and looked deep into Jena's eyes. "You are not evil. As what has happened to you, you are still an innocent; pure and good."
Jena started to protest but the nun continued to hold her face. "Jena you are good and more than good, you have the ability to see people as they really are. You can see through the deceit and lies. You can see the soul. I don't know how I know this but as God is my witness; I know this to be true. Jena, this is why your father and the Mother Superior hate you so, they can tell that you can see through the surface to the ugliness that dwells within them. You are good, Jena, as pure as good can be. This goodness inside of you will be your only friend for a long time. Remember, please remember that there is a reason for your suffering, I can't tell you what it is but one day you will know and rejoice that you did suffer."
Sister Rosalee apologized profusely to Jena that she could not do more to relieve her pain. She did however have Jena take a shower and provided her with some rough cotton underwear and an equally rough dress. She combed Jena's hair. Telling her that would have to keep her hair braided so the Mother Superior would not cut it all if she thought Jena valued it. Jena was so happy to have someone kind, said she didn't care because she glad to be out that stinking nasty room and to have at least one person who cared about her.
She squealed with delight at the tiny room by the kitchen. Sister Rosalee pulled a sandwich out of one of her pockets. I will try to get you more but I'm afraid you will be about starved most of the time. Jena pounced on the sandwich and chewed slowly but still ravenously. Sister Rosalee heart broke as knew she had to let the child know how hard her life would become.
"Jena, remember when I told you that you are going to suffer a great deal. Baby, this is only the beginning. I'll try to prevent as much as I possibly can. You will not be allowed to join the other girls. You will be fed just enough to keep you alive. Sister Frances, the cook, will lock you in this room at night and you will have your lessons alone with me."
"As long as you I have you Sister Rosalee, as long as I have you," Jena responded in an almost supplicating manner.
Sister Rosalee responded with a grim smile. "Oh baby, you are going to need everything good that is within you. You must remember that you are good through your trials; you are going to have to rely on what is deep, deep inside you. The cook is not mean but she will be unkind to you because she is afraid. Sister Patrice, the one who beat you, I am very sorry to say is a cruel spirit. All of the girls are afraid of her. So, Jena, avoid her at all costs. She may just hit you for no apparent reason. Now, sweetness, I must leave you or the Mother Superior will think I am spending too much time with you. Be ready, Jena, please do as you are told quickly and without complaint, please."
Jena left alone in the tiny room began to feel some anxiety. There was no window in the room but at least it was clean and none of those horrible bugs. Involuntarily she shuddered just thinking about them. How could people be so cruel? Sister Rosalee had told her that some people were just born bad. Some could be helped and turned around, others not willing to let go of their pain continue inflicting as much pain on whomever they could which usually was someone weaker than him or herself.
Well, it didn't make a whole lot of sense to her. But she really liked Sister Rosalee and promised herself that she would try because of Sister Rosalee. Gee, she was all that Jena had now.
She wondered about Jeremy. Was he okay? Surely his life was not as hard as hers. It seemed like ages ago that he was falling out the tunnel into their room. Those were the best times. There was so much love with Mother, why couldn't things remain the same, why did Mother have to die?
Even Jeremy changed after she died. It was his "love" that got them into trouble. She still couldn't understand why she was blamed. It was Jeremy who started it. Oh she was not sure what was what anymore. She just wanted her mother and for life to be what it was. As she drifted off to sleep, she could see her so plainly.
"Girl, girl, are you awake in there!" "Girl?"
Jena jumped up confused and suddenly remembering, croaked out a weak, "yes".
"Well be about it, then" I am opening the door and I expect you to be ready for work."
The door swung open and one of the largest people that she had ever seen filled the door. "Well?" She snorted.
"Yes, ma'am, I'm ready."
"Humph, at least you got some basic good sense. I'm Sister Frances and I expect you to jump when I speak and be quick about doing what you are told, got that?" Without waiting for an answer, Sister Frances wheeled her huge frame around and out into the kitchen by the time Jena realized that she was no longer in the door. Hurrying Jena appeared in the kitchen.
Sister Frances really liked feeding people. She felt really bad that she could not give this scrawny little creature a decent meal. And she was so pretty too. She could not image what she had done for so cruel a punishment. The girl all but glowed a kind and goodly heart. But she shook the feelings off, she could not afford to have the Mother Superior angry with her, she was not Sister Rosalee who could get away with almost anything.
"Here", she thrust a hard piece of toast and a small bowl of porridge at the girl.
"Thank you ma'am." Jena was glad to see any type of food. She ate quickly not wanting to incur anymore wrath. The nun nodded approval and began outline Jena's day for her.
There were mountains of potatoes to peel and equally big mountains of dishes, pots, and pans to wash. Also she had to keep the floors clean. Jena was doing what had taken three girls. She was so tired by the end of the day, that she could barely keep her eyes open for her lessons from Sister Rosalee.
For the first year and half, Jena fell into a routine of lots of hard work, little food and happy days of study with Sister Rosalee. Miraculously, Jena looked fit, strong and healthy although very thin. Sister Frances truly liked the child and did what she could to shield her.
Jena absorbed every bit of knowledge that Sister Rosalee presented especially math. The Mother Superior either absorbed in affairs of her own or those of others seemed to have forgotten Jena.
Jena thought often about Jeremy. She chose only to remember the fun times and the good times with Mother about him. She would pray every night for his safety and health. Her "classes" from Sister Rosalee had taught her that there was a reason for everything. It had helped as the sister said it would. Jena felt like maybe she even had a purpose even though right now she did not know what that purpose might be. But it gave her hope and she desperately needed hope.
Sister Patrice had it seemed run out of "tough" girls to terrorize. They had either left the retreat or become model students. So, like a wounded bear she stalked the students looking for the slightest infraction. Then she spotted Jena and Sister Francis after hours in the kitchen. Sister Francis was not being overly nice to Jena as she never was but Jena always had such a bright smile that it was hard not to smile back at the child. That was it! Sister Patrice had a new cause.
First, she went to the Mother Superior telling her that the little evil being was actually flourishing under Sister Rosalee. And second that the nastiness should be turned over to her for proper correction of the evil that lay within her.
Mother Gertrude did not often turn students over to Sister Patrice because even she was appalled at her viciousness. How on earth did she ever become a nun? Gertrude wondered sometimes. Maybe she was not always so mean.
Well, never mind, the woman did have a point; she had been remised in disciplining Jena. She was a slip of child and neither Sister Frances and, of course, Sister Rosalee had not complained.
"I see," the Mother Superior, replied, "I think you are right, of course, but let me take a look for myself."
Wandering down after hours as Sister Patrice had suggested, the Mother Superior observe as Sister Patrice had the parting smiling as Sister Frances locked Jena in her little room. She had also noticed that the child looked skinny but healthy - not a bit like the suffering she had promised and assured Jacob V was happening. Well thank the Lord for Sister Patrice this time. "Sister Frances." Gertrude spoke sharply, causing the sister to jump.
Not waiting for a reply, the Mother Superior continued, "I want that child rations cut in half, do you hear me, in half. The little slut looks positively glowing with health. What if Jacob V were to drop by for a visit and find that we have been nurturing evil. In half I say."
Sister Patrice smiled coldly trying to hide her pleasure as the Mother Superior prescribed a beating once a week starting with one today and one at the end of the week.
The beating that Sister Patrice gave Jena was much worse than her first encounter. Sister Rosalee cried with her as she helped her. Sister Frances had found Jena collapsed on her bathroom floor and called Sister Rosalee. Frantically, the two of them had worked with the child to get her back to her chores. Even Sister Frances ached as she saw Jena bravely and in so much pain struggle through the day. Jena was in so much pain that the half ration did not matter; she hardly had strength to eat.
Throughout the punishment, she heard the faint whisper almost nightly before falling asleep. It always encouraged her to be strong. She did not know whose voice it could be. Sometimes she wondered if it could be God. She had read people who heard voices were considered insane. As she had enough trouble, she did not want to add the possibility of insanity. Therefore, she did not tell anyone about it. However, she did find the voice comforting. One especially hard night, she just relaxed and thought about how she appreciated the voice and the strength that it gave. Jena was amazed to feel warmth so strong that it encompassed her entire being.
And just when they thought they had the child healed enough to ease her pain; Sister Patrice appeared once again in the night and beat Jena again. Jena was in so much agony that she did not have the strength to cry out. This seems to rob Sister Patrice of some of her pleasure.
"Oh Lord, she has opened the old wounds," Sister Rosalee cried. She was truly afraid to approach the Mother Superior because she had told her that they had neglected the proper punishment for the child. She was afraid that if she said anything that the beatings would be even more savage.
After a month of beatings and half rations, Jena did indeed begin to look haggard and ill. Still she bravely did her chores and even smiled for Sister Frances. Sister Frances by this time was almost ill herself over the treatment of Jena. For almost two years, this child did nothing but work hard, never complained and graced her with her beautiful spirit and smile. "Please Lord, deliver this child," Sister Frances had began to pray at night.
Sister Rosalee decided that something had to be done. Jena would die under such treatment. It was risky but she had to get Jena out of there. She had a friend, a farmer, Mack, who delivered vegetables to the retreat. They had been childhood friends and Rosalee knew him to be a kind and gentle man who had married with several children. Often he would have one of his happy children with him when he came.
Knowing that if she was caught, Lord knows what would happen to her. However, she didn't care because Jena whom she had come to love and cherish would die if she did not do something.
She waited in the bushes and as Mack drove by, she thrust a note through his window. He looked puzzled but understood to keep driving. Mack knew that it was something extremely urgent. Sister Rosalee would not risk the kind of trouble she would have if caught communicating with someone from the outside. He had always liked her. She was spunky bright child who had a knack of making you feel like you were the most important person on earth. He was sort of sad when she decided to become a nun. He thought she would have made a great wife and mother. Judging how the school's girls clung to her, he knew he was right about what he felt about her.
Shaking himself from his reverie, Mack read the note:
"Mack, this is life or death. You know I am not one for drama but I have young girl, I have to get her out of here. Sister Patrice is beating her constantly. When you are here next week, I'll get her on the back of your truck with the vegetables. Please get her a ticket to Chicago. She will have a letter of introduction, bus fare, and taxi fare to the Catholic Charities there. I'm afraid if she is left her in Gary, they will send her back here. It's a lot I know Mack but I don't know whom else I can trust. I will cover her disappearance by saying she ran away. May God bless you and thank you sincerely, Sister Rosalee."
Sister Patrice! Mack did not know many of the nuns but that one he knew. He had seen the girls running in sheer terror from her. Mack loved children and he couldn't stand the thought of anyone hurting a child. He had on occasion parked his truck where the girls could hide behind it to get away from her. Oh yes, she was mean one. A couple of times she stared at him like she would actually hit him. He shuddered; he wouldn't want to fight her!
Sister Rosalee had hoped that Sister Patrice would not beat Jena again before she could smuggle her out. She had told no one of her plan, even though she knew Sister Frances was appalled at the treatment Jena was receiving. It was so hard to remain calm. She was sure everyone could see how jumpy she was.
And poor little Jena, her back was a mass of whelps. Her energy level was so low; Rosalee wondered how the child was able to even stand. Sister Patrice had taken a picture of her for Jacob V. Jacob V, oooh Sister Rosalee thought about how she would like to strangle him. He was the culprit, not this poor abused child.
Jena was so brave. She smiled and told Sister Rosalee not to worry that she would be okay. "I'm sure of it," said Jena "I don't know how or when but I will see you again Sister Rosalee, I know I will, I feel it!"
It was easier than Sister Rosalee has imagined. Mack pulled his truck up at an angle that Jena was able to slip in the rear and hide behind a fruit basket. He simply made his delivery and drove off.
It seemed liked every cell in her body hurt but Jena did not cry out as she crouched down low behind the basket. Jena could see Sister Rosalee around the basket, she looked so little and alone.
Sister Rosalee stood there fighting tears. "Oh please Lord, don't let be that I am sending that child to her death. Chicago is such a big scary place to send a lone 14-year-old girl. But then she would surely die here. She was barely able to walk."
The truck moved along slowly as if the driver was not trying to hurt her. After about fifteen minutes, the truck came to a halt. Remembering the driver that brought her to this place, Jena prayed that he wouldn't hurt her.
She felt the basket being moved. She heard the gentlest voice she had ever heard from a man. "There now, don't be afraid little one, I won't hurt you. Jena is it? Well then Jena, let me help you. Oh child you are so badly hurt. Lord knows if I could I would take you home but we have got to get you out of this state."
Reassured Jena let him lift her out of the truck. Mack looked at her again. What a shame he thought, she was a pretty little thing even though the abuse was evident in her face and eyes. "Mother Superior is a crafty old witch," he thought, "she never let Sister Patrice hit a child in the face, it helped to hide how badly some of the girls were abused."
Although it was not cold outside he wrapped Jena in a blanket and Jena was grateful for the added warmth. He put her in the front seat and made sure she was comfortable. He gave her a sandwich and a thermos of hot milk with bit of honey and cinnamon. This ought to give her some strength. Jena smiled at him and said thank you so sincerely that Mack felt like crying.
He asked her if she had her papers and enough money. Jena showed him the cotton bag that held all her papers that Sister Rosalee had given her. The money was secured on her person; Jena told him that Sister Rosalee said that would be safer. Satisfied, Mack put the truck in gear and drove slowly over the dirt back road that led to Highway 53 to Gary, Indiana.
Mack stayed with her until the bus pulled out of the station. Then he stood in the road and waved at the bus until it disappeared. He would never forget the little face pressed against the window smiling at him. How could she be smiling was all he could think. He knew he had helped someone special her beautiful spirit lifted him.
Sister Rosalee waited a full two hours thinking that would be enough time for Jena to be on the bus before she frantically ran to Sister Frances' room. "She's gone. I heard some noise in the hall. I told her to stay put. You know how obedient she is. But when I returned, she was gone!"
Sister Frances gasped but looked relieved. Sister Rosalee knew that she would go with her to the Mother Superior. Mother Superior Gertrude did not appear overly concerned.
"Good, now we won't have feed the little slut. I suspect Sister Patrice was tired of beating her. And, I don't think Jacob V will care, good thing Sister Patrice took that picture. That picture shows that the child looks full of woe and pain; like someone who won't last long anyway, heh-heh. Hopefully she won't come back here. Oh yes, yes go ahead and report her as a run away, we have to protect ourselves."
And that was the end of it. Sister Rosalee breathed a sign of relief. Sister Frances whispered to her as they returned to the main hall, "I hope she makes it. I really do like her. She has such a beautiful spirit."

Jeremy In the Big City
The severe but not unkindly looking Sister Mariah peered over her glasses at Jeremy. He seemed so totally naïve and eager to please. Her heart went out to him because she was sure he did not understand fully his situation. He was alone in a city that devoured sweet little boys like him.
She read and reread the letter he had presented. The letter was not addressed to her but rather to any Catholic Charity. She felt that was the height of providence that she should be the one to receive the letter and Jeremy. She knew Judith Johnson extremely well. Judith and she grew up together in Tennessee. They had been good if not best friends. They had stayed in constant contact until years ago when inexplicably Judith stopped writing and coming to Chicago to shop. She was told that she was ill and could not take visitors. She was so very saddened to hear of her death; Judith had been a special friend.
But something was tugging at her about this boy. She recalled the immense wedding and the subsequent celebrations at the birth of each son culminating in the magnificent celebration of the seventh son.
That's it!! There are only seven sons. This one was too young to have been born before the seventh. Sister Mariah looked hard again at Jeremy. Oh no doubt he was a Johnson, that lion mane of hair. While he lacked the glow and legendary beauty of the sons, his features were too distinct. She looked at the birth certificates. The father was listed as "Unknown Johnson". Her mind was racing now. Maybe, he was not a son of Jacob V and Judith but a relative from Appalachia. She had heard that the main clan of Johnsons were still there, dirt poor but refusing to have anything to do with their rich relatives. Perhaps, Judith took in this one and another one called "Jena". "Where's Jena?" she asked.
Jeremy dropped his head, barely able to hide his grief. "Come now, Sister Mariah spoke softly, "you can tell me."
The boy stammered out what happened to them, the story of mother and the tunnels leaving out the "love" Jena and he shared (since Father has reacted so viciously to it, perhaps he thought he should keep that to himself). "I don't know where she is, but I will find her, I swear I will, I will!"
The Sister Mariah smiled at Jeremy, "There son, you have done your best and I believe you, you will find her. Are you hungry? I bet you are. Let's get you some food while we decide how to help you."
Thus put at his ease, Jeremy relaxed. And he sure was hungry. He was sad to have re-lived his nightmare but at the same time very relieved that Sister Mariah said she would help him.
Once she sat Jeremy down to a lunch in the cafeteria that caused his eyes to pop, she returned to her office. She sat thinking for some time. She never did care much for the swaggering Jacob V but up to now, she believed that the had made Judith a good if not perfect husband.
She remembered Jacob V's fixation with the family tradition of "Seven of Seven". She also remembered all too vividly how Judith had laughed at it. Poor Judith, who could have known?
What the boy had said made perfect sense. It also answered her questions about who the father was and why Judith suddenly dropped out of sight. How unspeakably horrid it was of him to lock her and his children away in those lonely rooms for all those years because of his obsession. It made sense that after her death Jacob V put them out. After all he was very adept at shedding children once they matured. But, but these were still children with no resources. She could not shake the horror she felt at what he had done to Judith and the children. And the poor girl child called Jena. When will it come to past that females should not have to bear the mark of evil?
Sister Mariah shook herself. "Enough," she thought. Outraged as she was, she knew better than to even think about confronting Jacob V, he had friends in very high places. The best she could do was to help this child as her dear friend requested.
"That's it!" Sister Mariah pleased with herself for finding a solution so quickly for Jeremy. She knew a family in Chinatown that ran a restaurant and housed several foster children as well. They were looking for an older boy to help with some of the chores in the restaurant. She knew of several young boys but would not dare send them to this family of basically good hardworking people. Jeremy would be perfect! With his eagerness to please and innocence, she suspected that he would work hard and long.
Sister Mariah called the Wong family, told them she had finally the right young man, they were ecstatic and said they would come for him right away. She hurried down the hall to find Jeremy. She found him sitting quietly outside the door of the lunchroom on the floor, with a notepad busily sketching. "Jeremy, you could have stayed in the lunchroom, it's okay."
"Oh no ma'am, I might be in the way, this spot is fine, unless you want me to go some where else."
"Good Lord," she thought. Then she caught a glimpsed at what Jeremy was drawing. "May I see?"
It was the Johnson Mansion - "Wow, oh wow, this boy is talented, very talented. Who taught you to draw like this? Oh no, its alright, in fact its wonderful," smiling to add more encouragement to her words.
"No one, ma'am. I used to just draw lines and lines, boxes, in boxes around boxes. Then I found the books in the library about architecture and I just read them. I guess I kinda taught myself, ma'am."
"Amazing! Well, we are going to make sure that when you report to high school in the fall that we get you enrolled on the right program to develop that talent. Amazing!"
Jeremy didn't like the idea of school and truthfully was somewhat apprehensive of kids his own age. But he did not want to make her angry, so he nodded agreement and followed her.
"Yes, Sister Mariah, this look like a good boy, good hard working boy. Missus will be bery happy, yes indeed," Wong bowed and grinned.
Sister Mariah took the $200 that was in Jeremy's packet so that he could see what was happening with his money. "Mr. Wong this is money from his late mother. Please use it to buy clothes and toiletries for him. Is this all right with you, Jeremy?"
Jeremy not sure what $200 would buy, merely nodded his head yes. Mr. Wong also nodded and grunted, "Good."
Sister Mariah showed Wong Jeremy's artwork and had him promise that he would allow the boy time to draw. Yes, she would get him enrolled in school and make sure he has the proper classes. Wong left with Jeremy even happier than when he came. Now he had a smart boy as well as a hard working boy.
Jeremy did not have a clue where he was. He just knew that he was surrounded by tall buildings, buildings that seemed to be alive and beckoning him. He had thought his father's mansion was awesome but it seemed a tiny wonder when compared to the titans that surrounded him.
Mr. Wong did not talk much. He drove a beat up Chevy pickup truck that looked like one time it might have been red. He did, however, smile whenever he did talk which immediately put Jeremy at ease. "Wife, have good car, this one okay for me," he said as if he needed to explain to Jeremy.
Jeremy merely smiled and nodded in agreement. Mr. Wong approved instantly, he liked Jeremy because he was quiet and jumped when he was told to do something. "Yes, you good smart boy, missus will like you, uh-huh."
As he looked out the window, he was beginning to absorb more than just the buildings. There were people everywhere, all types of people dressed in finery, plain and even dirty rags. Buses and noise seemed to the staple.
Mr. Wong who had been watching Jeremy, commented "This first time in Chicago, you?"
Jeremy looked a little sheepish and replied that it was.
"This okay, Chicago great city. Lots going on here. Now we cross Chicago River. We come from North, now we go South, Chicago good place but many bad people here, you 'member. You careful, okay!?"
Jeremy amused at Mr. Wong's English smiled sincerely and shook his head in agreement.
While crossing the river, Jeremy noticed trains in the air, it seemed. Sure he understood that they were supported by tracks and platforms but they are up above the street. He leaned forward straining to see.
"What you look at, boy, umm?"
"The trains are in the air?"
Mr. Wong let out a big laugh, "Oh, ha-ha, this El train, oh sure I teach how to ride, soon. You like, you will."
Now they were under the trains. "Wow," Jeremy thought, "they sure are noisy." But he sat transfixed looking at the wooden frames that housed the tracks, it seemed impossible that they could operate but yet they roared right along.
Jeremy found himself washing dishes and basically helping out in the kitchen. The missus had liked him from the start, just like her husband. "He's a good, quiet and smart boy, yes!" she had smiled happily.
Jeremy liked the Wongs well enough. They did not talk to him much except to tell him what to do. He did not interact much with the other children. They all were eight to five years younger than he. Except for Jena, he had not played with children. There seemed to be a lot of them but when they were all seated and quiet, he was surprised to count only four of them.
Food was not denied him. He was encouraged to eat as much as he wanted. After his chores were done he pretty much stayed to himself. Mr. Wong had been true to his word and taught Jeremy how to ride the El. And just as Mr. Wong had said he did enjoy it.
Enjoy was a mild word, Jeremy loved the El and he loved Chicago. When he had free time sometimes he would ride the El for no other reason that the sheer joy it brought him. He always anticipated their approach, feeling like he was being sweep away on a long journey as the trains creaked around turns, shot between buildings so close he could reach out and touch them. He loved the steady (although sometimes bumpy) hum of the train. He liked it when they went underground then would burst into the bright day. It didn't even bother him when the trains backed up and stood like iron bullets waiting to be expelled forcefully from an unseen weapon. He soon knew every line. Mr. Wong was glad he could take the train to complete errands for him.
Sister Mariah enrolled him in high school. She was very proud of his high test scores. The counselor had said he could about skip high school and go straight to college. Again, however, they felt he lacked social skills with teens his own age. Sister Mariah agreed. She could understand his staying to himself around the Wongs but he did not seem to mix any more freely with other children either. The years of isolation seemed to have made him a solitary creature. She debated whether to send him for psychiatric evaluation. But no, he appeared perfectly normal otherwise and she hated to upset him. She decided to let him continue as he was.
Jeremy felt a little trapped in high school even with the accelerated curriculum. In his junior year he was allowed to start taking classes at ITT, the Illinois Institute of Technology.
Jeremy thoroughly enjoyed his studies. As he had anticipated he did not make friends. He really didn't have clue what to do around the students. He was considered a nerd but even the nerds stayed away from him. He didn't care. He missed Jena a lot. He missed her for the companionship they shared and his "love-making". He had not abandoned that desire. He continued very quietly in his little room to masturbate. But he so would like a share it with a girl. It did not matter that he did not have enough nerve to talk to the pretty girls they ignored him anyway. Sadly on his part, he did not want to talk to the plain girls. He had no use to talk to the boys. He did not care for sports. He generally could not relate to them except that he noticed some did share his beliefs about pretty girls.
It was just safer to keep to himself, he thought. Safe, he liked safe.

Jena's Family
After she could no longer see Mack, Jena turned around in her seat. She stared at the people on the bus curiously. No one was dressed exceptionally well. They seemed empty not sad just empty as if they had run out of gas. Most of them either stared vacantly out the window or slept.
She was really scared. Never had she been alone before. How would she know Chicago? How would she find this thing called a "taxi"? She was glad that Mack had let her keep the blanket. Not because she was so evil but because Mack said it might get a little chilly on the bus. He was so nice. She had never met any man as nice; he was almost as nice as Sister Rosalee.
Well Mack had been right; it was almost cold on the bus. She snuggled up in the blanket as best her aching body would allow. She watched the rather dull scenery of old smoke stacks that spoke to the great steel mill town Gary once was and the railroad tracks as the bus meandered along 12/20 to Chicago.
The trip was tediously slow, stopping in East Chicago, Whiting and some other little cities that Jena chose not to remember. She was just about to drop off to sleep when she realized something had changed. Jena remembered the bus turning onto 90 North. The scenery was still dull but traffic was much heavier and something was coming upon the horizon. Now she started watching the signs. Chicago, yes Chicago. "I'm almost there," she thought.
As the city continued to grow on the horizon, Jena was horrified. Unlike Jeremy, she did not immediately see the beauty of the buildings and lake. The sight of so much water utterly frightened her and the buildings were beyond her level of comprehension.
The only thing she knew to do was pray as Sister Rosalee had taught her. Over and over, "Dear God please protect and keep me."
With her head bowed in prayer, she missed most of the awesome Chicago skyline. She missed the magical union of city and water, one having given rise to the other. Jena only raised her head briefly and then went back to praying. The bus stopped.
"Okay, little lady, end of the line, off with you now," the driver was not unkind. Jena reluctantly looked up. The place were they where was big but at least it had boundaries that she could see.
Rushing she balled up the blanket and grabbed her little cotton bag. Clutching them, she moved quickly towards the bus door. As she exited the bus driver smiled, "Just follow everybody else to the main terminal, your folks will be there."
"Folks, folks, well there are plenty of folks here but not a one belonged to her," Jena thought a little desperately. She could remember enjoying watching the girls at the retreat because each was so different. However, she was not prepared for all the different types peoples and the babble of languages. "What were they saying?"
Once in the crowd, Jena was carried along like a hapless feather on the wind until they enter a huge room. Jena did not realize that she looked very lost, vulnerable and truly like the runaway she was. She all but stumbled around, not sure what to do, she just sat down on a bench. A bored policeman nearing the end of his shift, started to watch her. He nodded at the other equally bored policeman. "Yep, a runaway!"
However, Jena had caught the eye of someone else as well, Jesse "Chicago Black" Franklin who was a crafty but not unkind young man of nineteen who referred to himself as an "Entertainment Specialist". He was a tall, well built handsome man with an interesting face.
He had spotted her as soon as she entered and saw the cops watching her. There was something almost divine about her even in her slow dragging gait that he immediately understood to be fresh abuse. Although her face was pinched by near starvation, eyes unsettled and definitely scared, Chicago Black saw Jena deep beauty. He knew he had to help her.
In a loud voice, "There you are! Lordy, child I thought you never would make it up here from Mississippi. Lordy, ain't you about a bony thing!"
Jena did look startled because she was sure nobody was talking her. Chicago touched her shoulder gently and whispered quickly, "Unless you want to go back where you came from, act like you know me!"
Now that got Jena's attention in a hurry, "Jeremy," half because she would have desperately have liked for it to have been him and half because she could not think of another name quick enough. She turned and faced Chicago, pleased at the earnest young man facing her. "Oh Jeremy, it is you!" She stood on her tiptoes arms outstretched for a hug, hoping that his touch would not hurt her.
Thankfully Chicago's touch was light almost non-existence. Jena allowed herself to sag against him for a minute. The cops looked away, no bother the shift was about over away. Who needed a collar so close to quitting time!
Jena allowed herself to be guided out of Union Station. Once they were on the street and Chicago started to hail a cab, Jena shrank back. "Uh, where are you taking me? I have a letter for the Sisters at the Catholic Charities."
Chicago Black stopped and pulled Jena over to a bench. His face twisted into a very concerned and apologetic countenance. "I'm sorry, kid. I didn't even take the time learn your name or introduce myself. I'm Jesse Franklin but everybody calls me Chicago Black or Chicago or just Chi."
Then his face changed to a proud one, "I have my own establishment. I'm an 'Entertainment Specialist'."
Jena had no idea what that was but he didn't look much older than she. "You look kinda young to be running your own business. I don't know much but seems like to me only older people are in business."
"True, true. But I am what is called a 'prodigy'."
Jena giggled, he looked like a puffed up kid. And while she was not afraid of him, her instructions were to go to the Catholic Charities. "So what does your business do?"
Chi looked at Jena intently. He saw a bit of the mischievous and a whole lot of uncertainly. "Look ... what is your name?"
"Jena."
"Look, Jena, I going to level with you. The business I am in is a legitimate business. But it is one that some people think is not the best. We perform a service, we do help people."
Jena struck by his earnest discomfort put her hand on his arm. "Its okay, just tell me what it is." Jena looked at him with no judgment in her eyes they just sparkled with interest.
Chi relaxed and explained to Jena that he ran a gentleman's club. He did not allow any sex, not even fondling. His club was a place where men came to relax and unwind. The club provided all the components that were needed to insure relaxation, beautiful girls, exquisite food and light entertainment.
Strictly speaking it wasn't his club. A Syndicate that had similar clubs all over the country owned it. The Clubs ranged from the barely legitimate hard-core escort and sex clubs to clubs like the one Chi ran. Chi smiled sheepishly as he told Jena that the Syndicate bosses said he had a talent for running a "clean club". A lot of women in Chi's club had come to take a break from the hard core. Some women found his club too boring and moved on. However, he had a group of ladies that he enthusiastically told Jena were the best. That's why he was at the station; he was looking for a woman who was arriving. He received a call that she had changed her mind and he was about to leave when he spotted her.
He admitted that this might not be the best place for a child. But while the Catholic Charities was an excellent source of help, they would be obligated to send her back to wherever she had ran away. The letter and her obvious abuse might bring her more trouble than she anticipated. It could get very ugly before it got better.
"You are a runaway, aren't you?" Chi looked squarely at Jena.
She dropped her head, "Yes, but ..."
"But they were beating and starving you."
"How did you know?" Jena's eyes were wide with wonder.
Chi smiled. "Where I am taking you Jena everyone will understand. We know abuse, Jena. I can tell by the way that you walk, that you have not healed from your last beating." He turned his head not wanting her to see the pain in his eyes for her. "Jena, we can offer you a place to stay, food, and comfort until you find your family. You called me 'Jeremy' he is someone in your family?"
"He is the only brother that I know. I have others, but I only know Jeremy. Mother gave him the papers of my birth. When Father expelled us from the mansion, he split us up. So, I don't know where Jeremy is. Oh Lord, I may never find him." Now realizing how alone she was and had been the last four years, Jena dropped her head unable to stop her tears.
"It's alright, baby girl, it's alright. You'll see, you will find nothing but people who care, you'll see. You will come?"
Jena nodded, smiling weakly. She was smiling because she had been so worried about the thing called a "taxi". Obviously and easily you just hold up your hand and the taxi found you.
Chi almost carried Jena in the door from the taxi. She was completely exhausted. Netty was first one to them. Neticia "Netty" Campbell was the Head Dame for Chicago Black. She was middle aged with a full figured that was once voluptuous. She wore her hair long in back and short in front, styled to frame her face. Despite the hard times and cruel treatment, she was still very pretty and more importantly full of compassion. Chicago found her when he was leaving Las Vegas. She was the butt of the house where she lived. Throughout her tough life she had been subjected to all types of physical, sexual and emotional abuse. However, she still retained her compassion and willingness to keep on going. Chicago found her after a particular rough session. Incensed about her treatment, he took her with him to Chicago. Completely loyal to Chicago who never touched her sexually, Netty was seen as a mother figure by Chi and the rest of his establishment.
"Chi, what? Who is this?'" Netty's eyes were wide with compassion. "Why, its just a child. Quick bring her to the room next to mine, its empty."
Netty had Chi lay Jena on the bed. "Its alright baby, I won't hurt you. Looks like you have been hurt enough already." Netty told Chi to leave the room so that she could examine Jena. When she began to undress Jena, reassuring her with each removed garment, Netty stifled her anguish. Jena's back is raw with whelps. "Oh my God, child you must be in terrible pain."
"It does hurt a little."
Netty looked into Jena's eyes and Jena looked steadily back at her. Jena's eyes were pools of gratitude and warmth. "You are a special being, little one. Has anyone told that you are special?"
Jena just smiled weakly. Netty told her that Chi has called for a doctor, so that they first of all get her out of pain. "Oh Lord, Chi she is just tiny pretty little thing, how could anybody do ..." Then she stopped, trying to halt the onslaught of her own memories. She knew exactly how someone could do what had been done to Jena, she knew.
The doctor was so appalled that he wanted report Jena's abuse. "Never," he declared, "have I seen such a case. Why the child has scars over scars. And she is severely malnourished".
Shaking his head, "If you can get the child to tell you, Chi, go after the trash that did this to her. She probably won't because she has suffered so intensely, so badly ..." The doctor pulled himself together. Looking at Netty, "I know you guys will give her a good home". Then he sort of laughed.
"What's so damn funny," Netty looked at the doctor in amazement.
The doctor looked back at her and said smiling broadly, "To think the child was abused in an orphanage and finds real help in a cathouse!"
Chi smiled a little but Netty continued to glare at the doctor.
"Right, I'll be going now," the doctor hurried to the door but he was still smiling at the irony. To him it was like a lot of things he found in the world. The best he could say was that he had learned not to judge, things were most always different than they appeared.
"Fourteen!!! Fourteen!!! Girl, you don't look a day over ten, eleven at best." Netty stared at Jena in disbelief. But immediately she regretted her outburst when she saw the hurt and despair in Jena's eyes.
Before Jena could completely react, both Netty and Chi were at her side.
"Noooooo, nooo, we aren't saying you are not telling the truth," Chi cooed. "We know you have been through a lot. It's no wonder you're no bigger, what with being starved and all. Heck, we don't even know what else you have been through. And that's okay; you don't have to tell us. We just want to help you get better, baby girl."
As if she could sense their sincerity, Jena flashed a big smile. Netty was eager not to add any hurt to this beautiful little creature. "Are you hungry baby?"
Chi had already gone to get Cook. On cue Bertha "Cook" Norris came in the room carrying a tray. She was tall and large, not fat but definitely a big person. She had big kind eyes and although she tried to hide it, she was a happy person especially when cooking. Indeed her entrees were legendary. Her hair was a wild mop that she braided wrapping it up with a variety of bright scarves.
She became a cook after the death of her husband in a mining accident. Alone, poorly educated, and with a special needs child; she was cheated out the insurance from her husband's company. Determine to keep her son out of an institution; she went to the Salvation Army. They perfected her cooking talent. Her son only managed to learn a minimal reading and social skills. This made it difficult for Cook working at Syndicate clubs because no one wanted to deal with her son. Chicago teased for taking Netty decided that Cook and her son was just what he needed. So consumed with joy Cook nearly suffocated Chicago as she buried him in amble bosom.
Behind Cook was her young son, Raymond "Ray-Ray" Norris, Jr. In sharp contrast to his mother, Ray-Ray was short and chubby. He also had a mop of wild hair that when she remembered Cook all but shaved him bald. Ray-Ray was also happy and full of love. His affection manner irritated most people. He was sensitive that he was different and often the brunt of cruel jokes. Grinning broadly he almost bumped into his mother when she stopped abruptly.
"Honey, I don't know what you have been through, but I'm gonna get some meat on that little frame of yours, uh-huh. The shame and nerve of who starved you like this! My Lord, how could anybody do such a thing??!!!! Sit her up gently now, so she can eat."
Jena looked at the tray and paused. It has been so long since she had seen any real food, "Is this all for me?"
The anxiety that had flickered across Cook's face immediately broke into a huge grin. "It sure is and if that's not enough, honey, we've got plenty more."
"That's right!" Ray-Ray chimed in which caused everyone including Jena to laugh.
Jena looked up at the small crowd of people. All the faces were kind with concern and wanting to please her. Against her will, the agony of her past seized her and shook her almost violently; tears flowed on their own accord.
Watching Jena with love and caring, none of the group panicked. While they did not know what have had happened to her, each knew personally the demon abuse, each knew pain and the unspeakable joy of release from the pain.
"We should leave her now, so she can eat. Baby, I'm just next-door if you need anything. You can pick up the phone and ask for Chi too. Until you find yours, baby, we're your family, so don't hesitate to call us."
Jena healed quickly. Partially as the doctor said, she was used to working through her injuries and pain. She was upset that she could not provide any proof to Chi of her origin. She felt again alone and empty.
"Non-person," Jena said, turning her back to Chi.
"Whoa, now. It's not like there is no record of your birth or anything like that, It's just if we try to obtain it, it could land you and us in a world of trouble. In the meantime, we can put an ad in the newspapers for your brother, Jeremy."
"An ad?"
'Yah, we put something in like. "Jeremy, your sister is looking for you, contact ..." I can put the Club's P.O. Box there.
"Shouldn't you use my name?"
"No need. It will eliminate the kooks and it will help us know that the right Jeremy is trying to find you."
At this, Jena grew considerably less frustrated. "Ok, it sounds like a good idea. So, while I wait for Jeremy I want to earn my way. I am a good worker. I could help Cook in the kitchen. I know how to scrub and clean."
Chi grinned and Netty laughed. "Baby, you don't have to do a thing," Netty said.
"Oh yes I do. You guys are being really nice to me. It wouldn't be right. Sister Rosalee taught me that all able body persons are to work!"
Chi admiring her spunk, smiled at Netty and Jena. "Its alright Jena, I'm sure Cook will really appreciate the help!"
Cook was more than impressed with Jena's eagerness to work no matter how menial or nasty the task. But more important, Jena earned a special place in Cook's heart with her treatment of Ray-Ray. First and foremost, Jena treated him as an equal. She was patient and warm, always stopping what she was doing to listen to him or show him something. Ray-Ray worshipped her, following her around as much as Cook would let him.
"For heaven sake Ray-Ray, Jena should slap the tar outta you. You are driving me crazy, she's just too nice to tell you to leave her be."
Jena would smile and say that Ray-Ray was not bother at all. "The child is a saint, I tell you," Cook would always say.
Everyone liked Jena. She would bring the girls food trays to them. While there were about a dozen girls in Chi's House for Gents, Jena especially liked Gabby and Chili.
Gabby, Gabriela Dixon, possessed a knock out body, beautiful thick soft curly almost kinky hair, glowing skin, and luscious eyes. Just when you were drowning in her good looks, she would open her mouth. Not only did she talk and talk, her speech was very crude, using bad grammar, sounding very like the streets she recently left. When Chi returned to Chicago, Gabby begged him to take her with him. Only because he was a kind person, he agreed. Chi tried to refine her with charm classes but to no avail. At first, she about drove everyone crazy, but they learned to tolerant and even like her when they discovered she was a team player. Gabby did pull her weight, as there were a number of clients who requested her repeatedly because they actually like her crude, idle and continuous chatter.
Mercedes "Chili Pepper" Morgan was an amazingly beautiful woman with a real sense of color and fashion. She was very tall and slim handling her height regally. She wore her hair short, almost pixie like. She had wide eyes and a very sensuous mouth. Sadly, her abusive upbringing has made her a fighter, tough and mean. Chi rescued her from an alley near Cabrini Green in Chicago where two guys had cornered her. Chili had a knife swearing she would cut one of them. The men, amused, played with and teased her. Chicago Black who had no truck for men, who abuse women, appeared with a .44 Magnum in hand, he ordered the men away. During her stay with Chi, she learned to curb her temper and became fast friends with Gabby. Both women would like to be Chi's woman.
The doorman/security, Cabel "Cab" Daniels did not come with those from Las Vegas. He was a large muscular man with smooth skin, meticulous in his dressing and gracious in his manner. Cab, a native of Chicago, liked working for Jesse because he had "class". He loved the city of Chicago, saying it was the only woman he needed. Chicago Black had no problem with Cab because he was a good employee who had enough sense not to become involved with any of the women. The women liked him, as they were confident that he could protect them.
Finally, the postman, Gary Gillenwater, was not technically a member of the house but he hung around so much that everyone included him. He was tall, with faded reddish brown hair that he kept cut short and just a little spiky. Netty said it was a modern day crew cut. He was overweight because he basically ate his way through his route. Very kind, patient, and fun loving, Ray-Ray adored him because he always spent time with him, which, of course, endeared him to Cook.
Cook called him "Gilly" because she said Gillenwater was just too much name. Gilly was a couple years younger than Cook and was always telling her that she was the love of his life. Although she wouldn't admit it, she liked him too. She took pleasure in ribbing him about his weight saying things like "Gilly, how can you be so fat and walk so much, ha-ha!!!" Or, "Gilly you're the fattest postman I ever saw!" And finally, "Love of your life, humph! You only like me because I can cook and you love to eat!"
Gabby and Chili Pepper visited with Jena often. Jena loved their visits. She thought that Gabby and Chili were so funny together. Gabby's non-stop chatter was always accentuated by spicy snap backs from Chili. Sometimes they would entertain Jena with a "fashion show"; flowing into her room showing off new gowns, dresses, and leisure wear. They brought her things for her hair and outfits.
"We'll get Chi to let us take you with us! Gabby talking excitedly, "wouldn't you like to see all the fantastic stores on Michigan Avenue? Girl, let me tell you, they are something special. And for a gorgeous body like mine, I tell you that there is almost nothing that doesn't look good on me. The clerks just stand frozen in awe. You should see them, Jena baby girl, I mean to tell you they follow me all over the place!"
"Just because you spend money like water," Chili snapped. "And besides all they really are in awe of is how you squeeze your big butt into such small sizes. That's why Chi don't want you. You got a biggggg butt, girlfriend."
"Like yours is tiny," Gabby returned the barb, "he don't want you either, and it's a good thing your butt is big cuz you would fall over with all that heavy front of yours!"
Before Gabby could continue, Chili was on her feet, shaking her breasts in Gabby's face. "Eat you heart out, IBT!"
Laughing, Gabby pushed her aside. Jena puzzled asked, "IBT, what's IBT?"
Both girls laughing responded, "Itty Bitty Titties."
"You would smother a man to death with those mammoth jugs of yours."
"Yeah well, he wouldn't be able to find yours!!!"
"Well, he really doesn't want either one of you," said Netty smiling. "Out with the two of you, the doc is her to exam our baby girl."
At first, Jena had not liked being called "baby girl" but there was so much love in the way that it was said to her that now she always responded with a huge smile. She always had a huge smile for Netty as well. She reminded Jena of her mother and a little of Sister Rosalee. She had bathed, changed her bandages and applied the ointments to Jena with such care and tenderness that Jena asked her if she could call her "mom". Netty looked started at first, then her face broke into the most glorious beam of light. "Now I have two children."
"Chi and me," Jena said as she clapped her hands.
"Well, Miss Smartee, how do you know, he doesn't even call me "mom?"
"He doesn't have too. It is the way he defers to you, he always looks to you first, mom."
Netty looked at Jena hard, "I forget you have a talent for knowing people."
Jena reached up and hugged Netty. "Really you do remind me of my mother. She had a sadness about her like you do. And her touch was always kind and soft, like yours."
"Thank you, baby girl. Jesse and you are special to me because I don't have any and I always wanted kids. Lord, you two make me complete," Netty responded as she returned Jena's hug by holding her for a minute.
The doctor was amazed at the way Jena was blossoming. He swore that Netty had a real healing touch. And with Cook's food putting some meat on her bones, his job was done.
For the first time in her short life, Jena could do as she pleased. Chi and company continued to smile as they had when she first arrived when she said he had to "earn" her keep. She gravitated to the kitchen because Netty spent a lot of time planning with Cook. She washed and cleaned with such ease, that she won Cook's critical approval. Even more importantly, she spent time with Ray-Ray, helping him with his lessons.
Accepting that she was Netty's niece, Ray-Ray tutor offered to tutor her for half for what he was charging for Ray-Ray. She was already saving him with the progress she was making with Ray-Ray.
On Chi's orders, Jena was kept away from the clients. Her beauty was becoming radiant and she was so innocent, trusting, and full of joy that he did not want anything to happen to her. He had seen quite enough of what "decent" men would and could do.
During the next three years, Jena became a real part of the House. She kept spirits high and lent as Netty said, "a bit of purity". Netty was religious but not attached to any specific organized religion. She belonged to a church that accepted everyone with love, promoted freedom in self-determination, and encouraged spiritual growth and justice. Jena loved church; she loved the singing and the message from the minister.
Netty was real proud of Jena. Although she never had a daughter, Jena was just what she would want in a daughter. Netty was careful not to let Gabby and Chili dress Jena "beyond her years."
"She is still just a child, you know."
Chi taught her how to ride a bike and the two of them could be found on the lakefront almost any morning. Chi showed Jena a side of him that only Netty and Cook saw, the little boy side, the side that liked to play tease and generally have fun.
Like Netty and Cook, Jena accepted his boy side as a trust. They treated him with the respect due him as head of the house.
Jena had never known such fun. Chi did not make any of the "love" demands that Jeremy had and like her he was most always in a good mood. They treated each other like kids - racing, throwing sand at each other. Chi would pull Jena's hair as he passed her. This would really anger her and she would pedal furiously to catch him.
Gabby and Chile watched the bonding between Chi and Jena developing. They both agreed that while Chi and Jena did not realize it, they were soul mates. Jena's remarkable beauty and Chi's protectiveness of it escaped no one.
"Guess behinds and boobs, don't matter to that boy," Gabby signed.
"Oh, I'm sure that Chi like behinds and boobs just fine. We don't have that inner beauty that Baby Girl has all wrapped up in an outer package that won't wait."
"Dang, for once I have to agree with you, Chili."

Jeremy's Family
The Wongs were truly proud of Jeremy. While he was not the valedictorian of his graduating class, he was the salutatorian. "Number 2 is bery, bery good", Mr. Wong smiled as Ms. Wong vigorously nodded in agreement. All of the brightly scrubbed children smiled up at Jeremy in adoration. He was shocked he didn't think they even knew he existed, let alone liked him. Sister Mariah and couple of the nuns came to his graduation as well. Sister Mariah was fairly bubbling with pride; it was almost like Jeremy was hers. She felt that she had done well by her dear friend.
Jeremy could hardly stop smiling himself. He was not used to being the center of so much attention. He had won enough scholarships and grants that he did not have to worry about paying for college. He had chosen the Illinois Institute of Technology for several reasons, one he had already taken classes there, two it was one of the best schools in the state for architecture. The last reason he did not share with anyone for fear they would laugh at him. He chose the school because the El train ran through that cool tunnel as it entered the campus. Man, did it ever thrill him - he loved it. As the Wongs pointed out he was still close to them and the Loop.
"You never hungry, boy." Mr. Wong said sternly. "You hungry you come home to us, we feed you good, you hear." Jeremy nodded and laughed. He had decided to spend the summer with the Wongs before starting school in the fall. Now he was very glad of his decision.
While Jeremy had learned to be at ease with the Wongs and the Nuns, kids his own age still posed a problem. He just wasn't sure what to say, or how to act. He wasn't much of one to watch and follow suit. He would become engrossed in his talent and social interaction seemed frivolous. He did, however, long for a friend someone to go places and do things with. He would wander the area around the campus. It was an area in transition. And while there were still a few scary remaining people from public housing, no one seemed to notice him.
So, he basically roamed to his heart's content. One day on 31st street, he found a small restaurant. The smells were most enticing. Tired of campus food he decided to stop. "What ya want, kid?" A jovial man who was looking at him amused asked. "Not sure? Well, why don't we just fix you up with the house special?"
Not sure what to say, Jeremy just grinned and nodded assent. When he got his food, he sat down and began to eat. The man came over to the table, "Good?"
"Uh-hum, yah, it is." Jeremy mumbled with a full mouth and he wasn't lying. While it was different from anything he had ever tasted, he liked the slightly salty oily fries and the sausage was downright good, spicy and hot.
It became a fun spot for Jeremy. As soon as he entered he would hear, "One house special coming up!" He didn't think that there was a house special because every time he got something different. But it didn't matter he liked whatever they served him. And more importantly he liked the easy fun way they treated him. They never wanted to know anything about him; he was just a hungry kid who could pay for his food.
It was coming back from the 31st Street restaurant that Jeremy met what was to become his best friend. His head was in the clouds. He had a great day. One of his projects had won a minor competition. While it was not a great achievement in itself, Jeremy was the youngest ever to win it. This earned Jeremy attention from Chicago's premier architects.
Returning from his treat at the restaurant, he was humming to himself as he entered his dorm and collided with a body. Jeremy was on his feet first, apologizing profusely. All he had was in his book bag. The other person's magazines and papers were scattered all over the floor. Quickly Jeremy started picking these up. As he picked them up, he noticed the sexual content. Without realizing it, Jeremy's face reflected appreciation.
"I only buy the best," an almost silky voice addressed Jeremy. "Hi, I'm Dwayne Freeman," the voice said extending his hand. Jeremy looked up to see an average looking, tall, wiry kid his age with a pleasant face. He had a pleasant demeanor, which attracted Jeremy.
"I'm Jeremy Johnson."
"Yah, I know. You won today. Geez man I wish I had your talent. "
"You have something or you wouldn't be here."
"Ha-ha, I like you man. Hell, I've got nothing except rich off the heezee parents. I just say what I like and they buy it."
Dwayne's parents were very wealthy, inherited wealth coming from both from the father and mother. They were exceedingly vain who kept themselves beautiful by repeated trips to plastic surgeons frequently at spas worldwide. While they sincerely loved their son, they didn't have a clue what parenting was about and just indulged him as they indulged themselves.
Dwayne like Jeremy had spent a lonely life. However, Dwayne's was in private schools. Naturally lazy, self-centered and with his parent indulgence, he did not make friends easily. Also, like Jeremy he was introduced to sex much too young in life. Dwayne happened upon a janitor in one of the private schools A-V rooms making copies of porno tapes to bootleg. Of course, even as young child Dwayne was quick enough to trap the janitor into giving him free tapes.
Dwayne has some ability with math and art. For lack of anything else to do with him, his high school counselor suggested architecture. IIT reputation impressed his parents and coupled with Dwayne's eagerness to live in the "big city", his parents allowed him to attend. However, they made it clear that he could not stay off campus unless he had a roommate. This decision was probably the most like being parents that they have ever been. So no matter how much Dwayne whined, they would not budge. They even gave him a smaller allowance to make sure he did not rent something on his own. For all their lack of personal attention to him, they knew that he should have a friend of some sort. They felt that forcing to him to live in the dorm would provide him with a friend.
Partially because Dwayne hoped Jeremy would help him with his classes and partially because Jeremy didn't seem to hang with anybody, Dwayne invited him to his room. Jeremy interested in seeing more of Dwayne's "collection" accepted.
Once the two boys became engrossed in Dwayne's extensive collection, it became apparent that they were kindred spirits. Their differences complimented the other. To Jeremy's poverty, Dwayne had wealth. To Dwayne's lazy, Jeremy was industrious and hard working. They both were selfish seeking to satisfy their carnal desires. Outside of their art, neither has an abstract thought of enrichment, self-improvement or service to anybody. To this end, Dwayne decided to share a secret with his new friend. Prostitutes - beautiful women for hire, he told Jeremy, instantly liking the way Jeremy's eyes lit up.
"I know some classy ones, uh-hum, bro, I will hook you up, no fooling!"
Jeremy could not believe his luck. Dwayne really did "hook him up"! Dwayne was well known at the "House" and the girls were eager to please him as Dwayne's friend.
From that point forward, Jeremy was bound to Dwayne. He had no problem helping and even straight out doing Dwayne's work. To Dwayne's amazement, Jeremy developed another style that was not near as good as his own style but still far superior to anything he could create. Jeremy would take Dwayne's rough sketches and expand them so that it looked liked Dwayne was actually improving.
When Dwayne's grades noticeably changed for the better to his parents' delight, he dutifully gave credit to Jeremy's help. Dwayne had already demonstrated that he was not the kind of person to give anyone credit when he could get away claiming all for himself. However, he knew that Jeremy's obedient and docile manner would convince his parents that he would make a suitable roommate for him.
When the Freemans saw Jeremy, both were struck by resemblance to the Johnsons of Galena. They decided not to ask him, maybe he was a cousin or something or maybe no kin at all. His pleasant almost humble demeanor was enough for them. As Dwayne knew this convinced them that Jeremy was a positive influence on their son. If he was related to that powerful Johnson family, all the better.
They choose to live in one of the high rises that bordered the campus. The high rises were a mix of working people, poor people, and students. The Freemans thought that they were quaint but would do "the boys" good to be around some "diversity".
Dwayne cared less about a "view" as he had always known the best. Jeremy, however, was floored by the view. The lake with the backdrop of the city was awe inspiring to him. Jeremy knew that as long as he lived, this scenario of lake and city would be the view of Chicago for him.
Dwayne was so lazy that he let Jeremy select the furnishings and even how each room of the three-bedroom apartment would be used. The bedroom with the best view would be the studio, Jeremy decided.
"Cool, you be the man," was all that Dwayne said.
However, it was the praise Jeremy needed. He was so happy. Wow, he had come a long way, he thought, from the scared kid that the Wongs took in to a sophisticated man of the town. Well not quite sophisticated but he was on his way.
The Freemans dropped by to inspect and were so pleased with what Jeremy had done, that they decided to give them a "stipend" to pay the rent, food, and general upkeep.
"This way," Mrs. Freeman rattled on, "you boys can learn how to manage your own affairs. Oh, Jeremy you are such a wonder."
When Jeremy told Dwayne that it was too much. Dwayne laughed and told him to ask for more - "whores cost bucks, you know".
"Oh dear, how could I have forgotten to include money for a housekeeper. You boys don't have time to be trying to keep things tidy and study too!" Mrs. Freeman was almost beside herself.
Feeling guilty, Jeremy offered to provide an accounting of their stipend. "I am not broke I have some money for living expenses, " Jeremy offered.
Dwayne stayed out of the discussion. He was so pleased. Jeremy complimented his cunning perfectly. He would have never thought to ask for a housekeeper. Genius! Jeremy got twice the money he could.
"All this money talk, hurts my head and creative spirit, I will just let you two work things out," Dwayne stood and dropped his head really to conceal the grin he could hardly contain. He left the room before he burst into outright laughter at the two of them.
"That's okay Dwayne, sweetie, why don't you lie down and take a nap. I know that this is so difficult for you. And you, Jeremy, you're such dear boy. Don't you worry nary a gray cell on giving us an accounting. Don't you use one red cent of your money. We wouldn't hear of it!"
"You are so smart. You don't know how happy we are that Dwayne found you. You are such a good influence on him. Why, its like we have two sons now. Yes, that's it Jeremy, you're family now.
Mr. Freeman who had not been paying much attention heard the last part of his wife's gushing. "That's right, my boy," he smiled coming over putting his arm around Jeremy's shoulders. "You're family."
Jeremy was almost weak with joy. Dwayne had his head buried in a pillow laughing so hard that he was crying. But for all his cynicism, he felt like his parents, Jeremy was like the brother he always wanted.
Jeremy and Dwayne weren't the most popular twosome on campus. Jeremy had a lot of respect for his talent but there was something about his personality that did not attract his peers to him. Dwayne was just another snotty rich kid. Neither of them cared, however. If they had a party, people always showed up because of the free eats and liquor that Dwayne lavished. The parties did help Jeremy learn social skills that would prove very beneficial to his future.
The parties for Dwayne were forays into alleviating his boredom. While attractive girls were beginning to warm up to them, they just considered them "free treats". The pastime that Jeremy and he truly enjoyed was the trips to the whorehouses in town and out. New Orleans was their favorite.
Jeremy and Dwayne would drop in on the Wongs when as Dwayne put it, "they needed to get the feedbag on!"
The Wongs were still proud of Jeremy and even more so because of his new wealthy roommate. Dwayne's parents frequently used the Wongs for catering, paying them handsomely for their services. Wong always grinned telling his wife,
Jeremy smart boy, he make good friends."
His wife smiled nodding appreciatively. She really didn't care for Dwayne; there was something about him. He was really lazy but that wasn't it. Jeremy was honest, hardworking, and basically good like her husband said. But Dwayne lacked character. It seemed to her that underneath his smooth demeanor there was a very selfish and possibly a cruel person.
Sister Mariah, who continued to check on Jeremy, was absolutely delighted that he had made a friend his own age. She was pleased when he invited her to dinner at his new apartment.
Both Dwayne and she were surprised to discover that Jeremy was an excellent gourmet cook complete with an extensive knowledge of wines and liquors. "You never cease to amaze me, Jeremy. You have come light years from the skinny, frightened kid that sat on the floor outside my office. I am sure your mother would be so proud of you!"
"Right on! I don't anything about you before now. But I vote you one super dude!" Dwayne grinning standing at the door piped in.
Sister Mariah thought Dwayne seemed a little lazy but that was only to be expected from a wealthy young man. He seemed to be kind, gracious and was helping Jeremy to mature into an urbane and social young man.
Since they had the blessings of all the adults in their lives, Jeremy and Dwayne felt free to do as they pleased. Weekend and day trips to New Orleans, the Bahamas, Jamaica, and the like were just necessary "breaks" for the kids as Dwayne's parents said as they happily paid the credit cards.
Jeremy and Dwayne soon knew all the prostitute houses in practically every big city in the western hemisphere. Sadly, both parents felt that this is what they were supposed to do, the sowing the "wild oats" thing. It also, did not concern the parents much that the boys did not join any campus activities or pledge a fraternity. The grades for Jeremy were outstanding and Dwayne's were so far above their expectation, that short of spraying a city block with gunfire, whatever they did was okay.
While Sister Mariah thought that Jeremy was becoming so urbane and socialized, Dwayne and he were really loners. Dwayne's wealth and Jeremy's talent was the real source of any social acceptance. The only real social thing about the two was that they did indeed complement each other.
Toward the end of college, on the event of his 21st birthday, Jeremy really thought for the first time about the his life in the mansion - how he had been kept for so many years locked in the room above the turret, denied his mother and Jena. He thought about his cruel expulsion. There were no kind or understanding words from his father. Jacob V he thought bitterly had just tossed him to the world without a care if he survived or not. Jacob V Johnson. It had not occurred to Jeremy to dislike him. But now that his life was good, now that his talent was recognized and even esteemed, now that Dwayne and the Freemans almost worshipped him, Jeremy sat thinking thoughts that had never occurred to him.
Coldness crept over him as he looked at his name - Jeremy Johnson. "Johnson" It all but jumped out and punched him. "Johnson" It was the name of the man for whom he now felt nothing but pure hatred. This was the man who didn't even put his full name on his birth certificate. Jeremy felt numb with coldness. Never had he thought how much he could hate his father. No longer the lonely little boy who peered through the grate worshipping this man and his beautiful sons, he detested his father. He wanted no part of him as Jacob V had wanted no part of him.
His name "Jeremy" was from his mother. She had told him so when she also told him that she wanted him and she loved him. Mother, yes it was mother to remember. He now felt he had no father. He did not want the name "Johnson".
Armed with these thoughts, he decided to do something about changing his last name. He learned from campus legal aid that changing his name was not difficult. He just had to make sure debtors, the college, the government, etc. had proper documentation of his name change.
Although his mother's maiden name was Washington, he did not want to tie himself to the Washingtons. He felt that his mother's family did not treat her very well once she was married to Jacob V. Basically they swore a few servants to her like Chef. When they were alive neither they nor her older brother kept in contact with her. It was like they abandoned her because Jacob V willed it. No he did not want the name Washington.
The name he wanted was "Freeman". He didn't just want it because of Dwayne and his family as he explained his decision to the Freemans. He felt like he was a "free man". He had basically made it in this world by his own initiative and felt that he had earned the right to be called a "free man".
The Freemans were a little uncertain why Jeremy no longer wanted to be a "Johnson", were none the less flattered that he choose to take the name "Freeman". They would not be legally responsible for the boy; it was not like he was asking them to adopt him. They also felt sure that Jeremy was going to be an incredibly famous architect as he was on that track already. It certainly wouldn't hurt that he would be known as Jeremy Freeman. They could always claim him as a cousin! That idea made both Dwayne and Jeremy smile. "That settles it, cousin, now you are really family," Dwayne said, slapping Jeremy heartily on the back while the Freemans beamed. They so liked easy happy solutions.
The Wongs also did not understand why Jeremy wanted to change his name. However, like the Freemans they felt "Freeman" was a good name. Besides they felt it wouldn't hurt to have the same name as the rich people to which he was aligned. "Freeman, good name, good people, yah you take," Mr. Wong told Jeremy while Ms. Wong smiled warmly.
Of course, Sister Mariah understood why Jeremy wanted to change his name. She looked at him in her stern manner that even now made Jeremy nervous. Finally after what seemed an eternity, she said, "Yes, Jeremy. I understand and given the way you arrived here, I believe you have earned the right to be called a "free man." Smiling broadly, "Welcome to adulthood, Mr. Jeremy Freeman."
Jeremy hugged her. Sister Mariah shrank a little at the uncharacteristic show of emotion from Jeremy. When Jeremy told her that since he could no longer hug his mother, she would have to do. Sister Mariah was not an emotional woman but Jeremy and his joy reduced her to tears.
"Why are you crying, Sister. I thought you approved?"
"Oh Jeremy, sweetness, I do, I do. These are tears of joy for you and for your mother knowing that she would be so very proud of you and what you have accomplished in so little time. Yes, you have become a man, continue to make us proud Jeremy!"
After his name change became official, Jeremy indeed felt free. It was like a weight had dropped from his soul. He was Jeremy Freeman! With this new name he severed all ties except Jena to the Johnsons. He could keep Jena because they didn't want her either!

Reunion
Chicago's House was essentially a social club to enjoy an excellent meal, be surrounded by beautiful women while being entertained with conversation, dancing, and singing.
Not having anything in the past to judge Chicago's House, Jena merely accepted it unquestioningly. She loved helping Cook and Ray-Ray in the kitchen. Her enjoyment would peak at such a level that she often bursts into song. At first she sung spirituals that she learned from Sister Rosalee. After a time she started to sing bits and pieces of the songs she heard from the other women in the House.
She had fun amusing Ray-Ray by exaggerating the movements she had seen and distorting her lips to make the big wet kissing mouth. Ray-Ray always shrieked with delight and ran as Jena pumping her mouth into a kiss chased him.
Of course, this was just noted as child play. However, on a particularly slow snowy evening, Gabby sitting in the kitchen scratching frost faces in the steamy windowpanes with her fingernails; actually listened to Jena. Quietly, she found Chili and returned to the kitchen. Both women looked at each other in amazement, Jena could really sing! She was hitting notes in jest that the best singer in the House had to really work hard to achieve.
Soon Chi, Netty, and Cook were all listening to Jena do one of her renditions where she pretended she was on stage and Ray-Ray was the audience. Jena was startled when she was done by the thunderous applause of the assembled group. She had not been aware of their arrival. She was bewildered that they thought she could sing.
"Well, I guess you can earn you keep with that voice! Girl, I had no idea, damn!" Chi astonished said.
"Oh good," Gabby immediately chimed in, "you can join Chili and me. We will be fabulous, cuz I'm already super and Chili, well you know Chili can hold her own. Oh Chi, can we start practicing? By spring we can have her ready to show off. We'll be just fabulous, I'm telling you, fabulous!"
"Whoa, slow down, Gabby, one step at a time. First Baby Girl IS still young. Second we haven't even asked if she wants to sing to a real audience. And as far as who sings with whom, THAT'S my decision."
"Aw come on, Chi. Don't be grumpy. Gabby discovered her, we should get first dibs," pleaded Chili.
"Yah, that's right, ain't it ya'll." Gabby added looking at the helpless Cook and Netty.
Netty and Cook looked at each other and broke out in laughter. "Oh no, you are NOT pulling in us into THIS," said Netty.
Cook just laughed more and grabbed Netty by the arm. The two of them laughing half ran from the kitchen.
Chi seeing his ammunition deserting him, appealed to the wide-eyed Jena. "Baby Girl, Jena??"
"Huh, you want an answer from me? I don't know, " Jena said as she was making the kissing lips at Ray-Ray who immediately ran and Jena followed chasing him.
Gabby and Chili seeing their edge immediately pounced. "You know, Chi, what a good voice can do in a House. Baby Girl likes us; we'll make a great team. You know we will. We won't even argue with Netty's wardrobe "adjustments".
Chi looked from one beaming face to other both full of love for Jena, excitement, and joy. "Oh damn, I'll probably be sorry," sucking in his face and breathe, Chi said very slowly "go ahead BUT only if Jena's wants to."
"Oh you know she does," waved Gabby as she and Chili ran triumphantly out of the kitchen in search of Jena.
"It will be okay, Jesse." Netty whispered as she massaged the shoulders of the now sitting Chi.
Chi looked up at Netty and smiled gratefully, "You're right, of course. Gabby and Chili won't do anything to harm Jena. In fact, amongst the girls those two are the trustworthiest. And with that low sultry voice of Gabby's, Chili's smooth even tones, Jena will make it a well, damn, a fabulous trio! But Baby Girl is so young yet."
Netty smiled in spite of herself. "You are so protective of that girl, Jesse. But you know you are going to have to pull back a little so that Jena will have room to blossom. She has the makings of such a beautiful person and I mean her spirit, Jesse. I know you can feel it."
Chi looked sheepish. "I know, I know, Netty. But Jena is so trusting, so sweet ... "
Squealing and giggling interrupted him as Gabby, Chili, and Jena closely followed by Ray-Ray ran through the kitchen. Chi then laughed and looked at the approving Netty, "Oh hell, if you can't beat them, join them." Chi said as their joy overcame him. He ran from the kitchen in search of the fun.
Jena eventually became a huge singing success with some of the male audience wanting to know if she was a professional singer. Chi would just wink and hustle Jena quickly away.
Netty was all smiles as she watched the two. Her heart was swollen they were like her own. Gabby and Chili watching Netty watching them just smiled a knowing smile at each other - they understood who owned Chi's heart.
For the first time since the days with her mother, Jena begins to feel genuinely loved and accepted. Chi, Netty and Cook made sure that Christmases were special. Chi would close the Club on Christmas Eve and not reopen until New Year's Eve.
Of course, the house was decorated from top to bottom. Everyone had a secret pal. All manners of clever ways to sneak a gift to a pal were employed. Ray-Ray was used freely and he was happy to be so popular. Most of the time he did not know why he told to give a gift to someone but it made him so happy that Cook forgave the devious use of her son.
The shopping sprees increased almost to non-stop around Christmas. Shopping was the domain of Gabby and Chili. Poor Chi could not even begin to pry Jena from them. Even Netty who went with them at Chi's insistence enjoyed Gabby and Chili's shopping extravaganzas.
It was at such a shopping occasion the day after the fourth Christmas of Jena's arrival that Jeremy saw Jena in Chicago's Magnificent Mile. The dark ruby red hair and eerie beauty had to be Jena. He also appreciatively noted the beauties with her as well.
Suddenly he was a little scared boy again. Hesitantly, he approached her grinning shyly and triumphantly. "Jena, Jena. I've found you, I've found you."
Jena shocked at hearing her name called by a strange voice, turned slowly away from the others and froze. By this time Jeremy was gripping her shoulders, shaking her and grinning.
Gabby, Chili, and Netty took one look at Jeremy, at the dark ruby red wildly curly hair and knew without a doubt. "Well say something, girl!" Chili prodded.
All Jena could manage was "Jeremy, Jeremy". Then she looked up at the tall but slender young man with hair so like her own and collapsed into his arms.
The reunion of sister and brother was a happy but devastatingly sad happening for all at the house. Cook knew that Ray-Ray would not understand Jena's leaving. Gilly stepped up to the plate and offered to take Ray-Ray on the ice skating trip he had long promised. A grateful Cook turned her son over to Gilly. Upon his return Ray-Ray was indeed distraught at Jena's absence but recovered when he was told that Jena would be back someday.
Chi was so very happy for Jena but his heart broke when Jeremy indicated that he would take complete possession of her. Jeremy was arrogant concerning Chi, his business and "staff".
Jeremy spoke with pride. Haughtiness accenting his every word that he was grateful for their "care" of Jena. He did not even listen to them telling him about Jena's great singing voice. He was appalled that she even sung at the Club.
As he was employed most lucratively with a top architectural firm and owned a condo on the lakefront, HE would provide for Jena. He told them that he could introduce Jena into "polite" cultured society.
Before Chi could stop her, Chili blurted, "So who the hell do you think spends their time here, Mister high and mighty? Only the top drawer comes here."
Chi took hold of Chili pleading with his eyes for her silence. She out of respect for Chi was instantly quiet but still continued to look disdainfully at Jeremy.
"Baby Girl," Chi spoke quietly, "you know that we all love you. You know that all we want for you is your happiness. We understand if you want to go with your brother. We understand. It is your choice. But also know we are here for you Baby Girl, we are always here for you."
Jena's eyes filled with water. She was confused and a little troubled by Jeremy's attitude. But how could she tell him no, he was the only blood family that she knew. Jeremy had made it clear that if she came with him, she could not even visit Chi, Netty, Cook or anyone at the house. He made it sound as if all of them were trash. Jeremy made it sound like he was rescuing her from scum.
Whenever, she tried to tell Jeremy how kind and lovingly they were to her, he would just scoff, turn up his nose and say, "Oh you poor dumb kid, Jena, that is what they are in 'business' to be. They cater to their clients to make them feel just as they made you feel. I was lucky to have an education, a fine family, the Freemans, that saved me from likes of them."
Jena reluctantly told Chi and everyone that she owed Jeremy that much. He was her brother and that at least she should try to know the man that he had become. She smiled at Gabby and Chili's insinuation that he hadn't become much of a man.
She told them that her brother was really a shy sweet person and that he was probably only acting that way because he wanted to impress them.
"Well, the skinny punk did..." Gabby started but stopped short as Chi shot her a warning look. Gabby's face softened immediately. "Oh Jena, it just that we don't want you hurt because we love soooo much girrrrlll."
"I know. I know." Jena replied, "It is going to be hard not being with all of you. But after Jeremy gets to know me, hopefully he will understand that you are my family too and I will be able to visit you."
Each of them hugged Jena, fighting hard to not cry. How could they stop her, she was so loving and trusting, each struggling not to let their faces reveal their dislike of Jeremy and the fear that Jena would suffer once again. Chi bit his lip until he tasted blood. " Just remember, we are here for you Baby Girl, remember."

Jeremy's Love
Although Jeremy explained that he was just beginning his career his condo was just temporary until he made more money, Jena was impressed. His talent also impressed her.
"You know, I always liked to draw." Jeremy grinned sheepishly.
Yes Jena thought his drawing was part of the good memories that they shared with the warmth of Mother.
Settling in with Jeremy was not painful. He was very attentive and eager to help her finish her education. While he was somewhat condescending, treating her as if she was not as smart as he, Jena was grateful for his help. He did know more about schools and living in Chicago.
Her heart leaped for joy when he gave her all of her personnel documentation that mother gave him. Now she felt like a true person, she had a history.
She was puzzled after he watched her joyous expression when he said, "Ha, I have no history and I'm proud of it!"
"Why?"
In his best arrogant manner, Jeremy related the story that led him to change his name. Jena watched him listening intently. She understood his pain and she didn't point out to him about her own intense sufferings.
"You can change your name too," Jeremy concluded.
"Oh!" Jena replied, a little taken aback at his sudden suggestion. "Well, gee. I haven't given it a thought. I've just found myself as a Johnson."
"Don't you hate that man, Jena? Look what he did to us, to mother. We were LOCKED away in that house. We were denied the life that he lavished on his chosen kids. Then he threw us out, not caring WHAT happened to us. And he tagged you evil. He trashed you. I changed my name because I ain't no Johnson. He didn't want me and I don't want him, his name or nothing that is his. I'm free, truly free." Jeremy had dropped his haughty manner almost reverting to an angry child.
"Oh Jeremy, calm down. Calm down. I do understand believe me, I do. Our father was unbelievably cruel to us. But through the care of those I encountered after he threw us out, I have learned to forgive him and get on with my life. I know that I am not evil."
"Forgive, forgive him," Jeremy sputtered. "Well Miss Goody Goody Two Shoes. You with all your love and forgiving. YOU can forgive him but I have wiped myself clean of him. Stay a Johnson if you like. Suit yourself!" Jeremy turned on his heels and left the condo slamming the front door as he did.
Jena at a loss for a reaction merely sat down and stared out the window at the brilliant Chicago skyline.
The next morning Jeremy was back to his normal slightly arrogant self. He did not mention the episode of the night before instead he had told Jena about Dwayne and the Freemans who were currently vacationing in Europe. Jeremy was to go as well but after finding Jena he decided to stay in Chicago to get her settled in and learn more about her.
About a month after the name change encounter, Jena came home to what appeared to be a complete stranger. At first she thought it might be Dwayne. But after calming herself and looking closely she saw that it was Jeremy.
Even before Jeremy met Dwayne, he dressed nicely. He had an eye for fine fabrics and color. As with many things in their lives, Dwayne's input merely heighten Jeremy's aesthetic. The man standing in front of Jena had accomplished more than just a change of clothing. It was his hair. Jeremy's hair was dyed to a deep brown almost black and cut short. Instead of the wild unruly curls. The hair now laid in tame luscious waves that hung over his forehead just about his eyes sweeping backwards in undulating glory. He also now had a very thin pencil moustache.
The overall look changed his appearance dramatically for the better. He no longer looked like a skinny kid but a well turned out sophisticated man. It gave him a commanding presence.
"Wow! Jeremy, I almost didn't recognize you. You look so dignified and handsome!" Jena exclaimed, assessing him critically. "You look great!"
Loving her positive reactions, Jeremy strutted about the room. "I don't look like anybody you know, do I?"
"No, no." Then Jena understood what he meant. Her next words were quiet but not unkind. "Yes, Jeremy I understand, you no longer look like a Johnson. Bravo Jeremy, it is a good look for you."
For once Jena's kindness did not irritate Jeremy. "So you understand. Perfect, I want be as different from them as possible." Then pausing, Jeremy looked at Jena with more sincerity than he ever had before and simply said, "thank you."
When Dwayne and the Freemans returned, Jeremy had completed the task of getting Jena enrolled into college. The counselor had been warm and impressed with her test scores. No doubt about it, she was best suited for finance, perhaps investment banking. Jena was pleased to pursue a field that allowed her to use her love of math.
Jeremy merely smirked that it really didn't take much to please her, as she was rather a simpleton. The counselor chose to ignore him thinking that big brothers like to tease. Jena had become used to his off the cuff nastiness to her. It was not like he was jealous. There was something deeper like anger. Perhaps the anger at father that he chose to vent on her because she was so very forgiving of the past.
Dwayne and the Freemans knew that they would be meeting Jeremy's sister but they were totally unprepared for Jeremy's change in appearance. They loved it. Like Jena they thought that really made him look as Ms. Freeman said, "truly top drawer".
Dwayne was floored when he first met Jena. "My God man you never told me that your sister is such a knockout. Saints be praised! What beauty!"
"Wow, you two really know how to knock the wind outta a guy," Dwayne continued to rave. "First Jeremy you meet us looking like a prince of some foreign country and then bam! You trot out this exquisite creature who is your sister."
Dwayne sat looking at them both carefully for quite some time. Then almost as quietly as Jena had spoken about Jeremy's new look, "You know, Jeremy, now you don't really look like your sister at all."
Jeremy beamed with pleasure, "You got it, man. Besides I got tired of the other architects treating me like a kid."
"Well, you certainly don't look like a kid now!" Mr. Freeman who rarely spoke caused everyone to look at him as they all nodded their heads in agreement.
While Jeremy and Dwayne continued their former life of lust and indulgence, Dwayne pursued Jena. Jeremy and Dwayne were no longer roommates as they had decided adult men didn't "shack" together. Also, they smugly agreed that neither wanted to tread on the other's fun.
Jena for lack of having known many people was pleased with Dwayne's attention. She did not concern herself with his activities with Jeremy. She buried herself in her studies and tried as much as possible to stay out of Jeremy's way.
Jeremy was quickly establishing himself as the architect that they all knew he would become. After earning his license, he completed several difficult projects with such creativity that included such unique use of local environments that he was gaining international acclaim.
Currently he was the architect on a very impressive project that could lead to a nomination for the Pritzker. The Pritzker was like the Nobel Prize of architecture. Even being rumored for a nomination was incredible. He would be the youngest architect ever nominated. Only older architects with a lifetime of amazing achievements were considered.
As Jeremy advanced, his social desirability escalated, women now sought him. Dwayne was employed in the same firm as Jeremy's assistant. He tagged along lazily cashing in as he always had on Jeremy's talent. Jeremy opted to stay with a firm as he explained he felt that the responsibilities of running a business would be detracting. Evening soirees, luncheons, full blown extravaganzas were open to them.
Dwayne thinking that Jeremy never included Jena because there was no glory in a brother showing off his sister, stepped right in and often made Jena his date. He loved dressing her. Jena used to people dictating to her never crossed Dwayne, which pleased him to no end. Jeremy found Dwayne's fascination with his sister amusing telling Dwayne that he was glad that she could be of use to somebody. Dwayne found this funny and replied that she could be useful indeedy.
Jena being useful triggered a button in Jeremy; it woke memories of his first sex with her that aroused him. She had been with him almost a year. After the episode about the name he had been distant. So now he felt it was time he showed Jena some love.
Jena was shocked late one night when she had returned to find Jeremy naked in her bed. He lay there holding his erect penis in one hand while motioning her to him with the other.
"You don't think I have forgotten our love do you? And even though you chose to remain a Johnson, I still love you as you can tell," he said stroking his penis and licking his lips. "Come on now to the brother who loves you. You know you love me," Jeremy slurred the words "loves you".
"I do love you Jeremy. You are all that I know that is blood kin to me. But surely you know that sex is not love. You may think me stupid and your intellectual inferior but I am not the lonely gullible little girl suddenly deprived of her mother any more. I have not had the advantages that you have but you know as well as I that sex between a brother and sister is in no way an expression of 'love'. It is incest. I understand that as a child you did not know any better. You obviously were exposed to sexual knowledge long before you could distinguish sex from love. Surely now you know that if I indulge you, that it would be wrong. Perhaps, you are caught up in a moment of missing mother or something from the past the brought you comfort ... "
Furious Jeremy jumped out of the bed grabbing his housecoat wrapping it around him tightly. "You ungrateful self righteous little bitch. I'm not missing shit. Whoever heard of a woman as beautiful as you who didn't want damn good sex? And believe me the loss is yours because I'm no longer the inexperience little boy who made love to you, I could rock your sorry little world."
"Jeremy, surely you don't mean that you think all beautiful women are just for sex. What about mother?"
"Mother wasn't beautiful. Father married her for breeding. Yah, I know all about the beauties that father had. He had an apartment with a separate entrance and the knockouts that he entertained. Why do you think he called you evil, stupid? Beautiful women are for screwing!"
Jena stood absolutely still not believing her ears. How could he have such degrading and vicious thoughts about women? No wonder he was so nasty to the women at Chi's house.
Jeremy understood that Jena would not willingly submit to him. "Oh don't worry Miss Goody. I'm a lover not a rapist." With this he turned to the door.
"Jeremy, I know you are angry and have a lot of pain. I love and forgive you. Really I..."
"Oh spare me your holy platitudes." He sneered as he stormed past her.
After that night the two barely spoke to each other. Jena made sure to stay in her room. She ate and studied at school. She wasn't certain what to do. She was toying with finding a job and moving out but Jeremy hadn't told her to leave. Maybe if she was patient, his anger would heal. She still did not want to hurt him. She felt that he had suffered as she had. So when Dwayne approached her about marriage, she didn't hesitate she told him yes.
Jeremy was taken aback when Dwayne confided in him that he had asked Jena to marry him. His folks were in his butt about him settling down and marrying. They loved Jena because she was so beautiful and quiet. They felt like with his good looks and Jena's beauty that they could parent a beautiful grandchild.
"So big brother, I come to ask for your sister's hand in marriage," Dwayne smirked.
Jeremy sat down thinking rapidly. Dwayne did not know about anything that had happened between Jena and he. Chances were that stupid Jena had not been sexually active since they were children she was so holy acting. But then again what did it matter. He knew Dwayne well enough to know that all he wanted was a trophy in a wife, something to please his parents. He knew that Dwayne was no more capable of being a family man than he. He also knew that the marriage would not be cool before the two of them would be prowling the streets together.
"Alright, my man. What more could I ask. Perfect, perfect. My best man and my sister." Jeremy answered while grinning at Dwayne thinking, "perfect indeed, take the little bitch off my hands and I don't have to throw the unwilling slut out, perfect."
Jeremy made a big to do about the wedding. He insisted upon paying for it as the "head of the family." The Freemans were beside themselves with admiration for Jeremy. "Oh Jeremy, now you need to think about taking the plunge yourself," Ms. Freeman tittered.
"I know, I know but I think I already have a wife in architecture," Jeremy good-naturedly replied.
Mr. Freeman winked and everyone even Jena settled into a pleasant camaraderie. Dwayne had decided on a short engagement. "Before I get cold feet!" he jokingly told everyone.
Jena for her part was excited and sad. She didn't feel that she shared with Dwayne the spiritual bond that she had with Chi. But he was pleasant, kind, and he made her laugh. Still she missed Chi and the others terribly. She so wanted to see them and have them share in this wonderful moment.
Jeremy had warned her not to tell them where and with whom she basically grew up. "If they find out about those trashy people 'Ms Goody' who were your providers, the Freemans would drop you and me in a heartbeat. So don't screw up. See if you can manage to use your holiness to be a good wife for Dwayne. A lot more than just you is riding on this!"
The wedding was a small but grand affair. Jeremy insisted on first class. The Wongs were impressed with being in one of the finest hotels in Chicago. "You really smart big good looking man, now Jeremy." Mr. Wong praised Jeremy.
Sister Mariah was as thrilled to meet Jena, as she was to see Jeremy. She was impressed with Jeremy new look. "Amazing, Jeremy. You really do look like a different person. I think your transformation into a "free man" is complete."
Jeremy was besides him with joy, he had done it. He totally had become someone who was a not a hated Johnson. As he gave Jena away to Dwayne he thought and now Jena is no longer a Johnson either. He really didn't hate Jena. He was disappointed that she did not share his lusts and hate for the Johnsons. Truthfully he was confused, had she not grew up with him, shared his pain and his love? Oh well, no matter he thought. For he was free of her now.
As Jeremy had foreseen, it didn't take long for Dwayne to cool with marriage. Shortly after returning from a brief honeymoon, Dwayne was knocking at the door of Jeremy's new condo.
Jeremy had designed a new complex in downtown Chicago that commanded a mighty view of the skyline and Lake Michigan. At a considerably reduced price as the architect, he was able to purchase a condo, which he designed to suit his tastes.
"Jeremy, my man. You be a sight for sore eyes! Oh-la-la I likes these new digs. You be the man, I'm telling you!"
After showing Dwayne around, Jeremy fixed them both drinks and they stepped out onto the balcony facing the skyline. "I love Chicago, I love all these buildings. I think I love them more than I ever could love a woman, Dwayne."
"All be serious man, you could never get enough screwing!" Dwayne grinned.
"No seriously man. You know I do love me some fine pussy. But what these buildings do to me is different." Jeremy looking a Dwayne's sarcastic smile, added, "ah shit, I'm wasting my breath."
"You're damn right man. I know you got a special talent. You be something different alright. I ain't mad, I just glad you be my main man. But enough of this soggy shit, I've had enough "love" to last me a lifetime. Your sister is companionable and tries hard to please. It's kind of strange, with all those magnificent looks; she's really boring in bed. Oh damn, I'm sorry man."
"Don't be. She is boring anyway. Too much holy, holy shit for me man." Jeremy smiled ruefully thinking it was a good thing she didn't let him screw her. He would have been pissed to find her boring.
"Yah, even moms gets bored with her. She says that Jena has no fashion sense and is way too bookish. But still she pleasant and moms likes the way she tries to please us all. We're just looking forward to a baby. Moms says that Jena will be a great mother."
Jeremy slightly relieved that the Freemans are not ready to ditch Jena, "Well man I am glad she is useful. Yah, she is really good with kids. The little retarded brats at the convent where she volunteers really drool all over her. But it is strange that she is like that. If I wasn't her brother, I would say what a waste of glorious good looks!"
"Yah, they messed her up alright. But still moms and pops are pleased. And she doesn't interfere with me. I thinks she probably prefers I get my jollies elsewhere. And speaking of jollies, man I could use a run to N'arleans, New York some damn where I can get a fine piece of pussy."
"Ha-ha, your wish is my command. Hell, I in need of a run myself. My current whore is getting too use to the idea of me around. What you say we make way to the airport?"
Jena never spoke or even asked Dwayne where he had been after his long absences. He would mumble something about business and she accepted it without question. She had not forgotten Jeremy's warning when she was married.
However, Jena did not see her life as unpleasant. Dwayne did not make many demands on her. Although the rough crude sex with Dwayne was not something she looked forward to, he did not require it of her often.
And he was generous. He gave her a large allowance more than enough to continue her studies with her scholarship. Dwayne didn't care about her education or for that matter anything she did. She opened a bank account in her maiden name without his knowledge. With the overage from her allowance, she practiced what she was learning about investments. Soon she found that she was quite good and quickly accumulated a tidy sum. She had no idea what she would do with the money but just felt that it should be her secret.
After six months of "screwing for a baby" as Dwayne puts it, Jena was still not pregnant. Dwayne, after having his fertility checked, assured his parents that his sperm count was high.
"That just leaves you 'Little Queen Goody.'" Dwayne taunted Jena. Weary from the badgering and taunting, Jena sought medical help. The doctor was quite kind when she informed Jena that she could not conceive. Jena could not hide her anguish as the doctor explained it could be from mistreatment such as molestation and/or beatings as a child. Sensing Jena's despair and seeing the scars on Jena's back, the doctor told Jena it was not necessary for her to explain what had happened to her.
For several days Jena grieved her infertility but understood that she must tell Dwayne of her infertility but not the reasons why. She anticipated that he would be angry but hoped that he would be reasonable.
When she tried to explain her infertility, she was not prepared for the fury that Dwayne unleashed.
"What, what do mean you're infertile? You mean I've been screwing your boring ass all these months and YOU can't produce a baby?
Desperate she offered adoption as a solution. This served only to infuriate Dwayne even more. She tried to remain calm and logical. Jena never suspected that the laid back pleasant Dwayne would be capable of such anger, such cold-blooded fury.
"A bastard baby, baby whose blood I nothing about? Are you crazy woman? Do you think that my parents want somebody's leavings as their grandchild? Perhaps you don't understand the gravity of your inability. Damn, Jeremy is right you are useless."
"But Dwayne, surely you understand it is not my fault. It's not like I want to be infertile..."
"Oh that tears it." Dwayne unable to contain his wrath smacked her in the face knocking her down. Once she was down he fell on her pummeling and kicking her. He told her she was worthless and useless. When he tired of beating her seeing scissors which in a moment of pure cruelty he grabbed her hair and cut it until just spotty patches were left.
Jena was paralyzed by the sudden and vicious attack. She screamed for mercy pleading with him to stop. Dwayne exhausted and still angry, spat on her and left their condo. Jena was a bloody heap on the floor surrounded by her once gorgeous hair.
Stunned and shocked she managed to call Jeremy - told him Dwayne had lost his mind. She needed him to come right away. Jeremy laughed and said it can't be as bad as all that. So why don't you just hop in a cab and come over to talk about it. She told him she was beaten badly and doesn't think that she can. Jeremy told her sure she can. If she needed him she would come to him.
With what she thought as no other choice she covered her head, cleaned up as best she could, packed a small bag and headed to Jeremy. When she arrived Jeremy was clearly shocked by her appearance. At first he said Dwayne didn't do it but Jena insisted. When Jena bared her head to reveal her chopped off hair, Jeremy laughed. He apologized but said she looked funny.
At this point the phone rang. It was Dwayne. He told Jeremy that Jena got mad at him because he was upset that she was infertile. He said he was trying to be understanding but she flew into a rage. Things kind of got out of hand while he tried to subdue her. Jeremy said he understood and would take care of her on his end. They make arrangements for another night on the town as Dwayne said he needed a pick me up.
Jeremy hung up the phone and looked nastily at Jena. He called her a liar and that Dwayne was trying to help her. He told her that she could stay with him until the divorce was final but after that she would be on her own.
At this point beaten by her husband and ridiculed by her brother, Jena could not take any more. She asked how could he be so cruel. Whatever happened to him being there for her now matter what, what happened to being a family. He gave a very nasty smirk. He said that he lived the first part of his life helping her for his mother's sake but look at the mess she has made of things. Oh she was not evil, just stupid. As his life was blossoming into great things, she could mess him up royally with her righteous stupidity.
Jena covered her head, put on her coat and took her small bag and stumbled out the door. Where are you going stupid? Jeremy taunted her. She doesn't answer. "Stupid bitch" Jeremy screamed after her. Jena just kept walking totally stunned in a stupor.
"Go ahead you stupid Johnson bitch," Jeremy yelled. "Don't you EVER come back to me not ever, not EVER. Do you hear me - NOT EVER!"
Jeremy fixed himself a drink to calm down. Actually he was relieved. Maybe the stupid bitch wouldn't ever come back. He didn't need her in his life; to him she was a liability.
He waited for Dwayne, so that the two of them could decide how to proceed and what to tell the Freemans. Somehow he felt good. Jena was the last of his Johnson contact. Once rid of her, he could continue his wonderful life without the hated Johnson taint.

Home Again - Jena
Jena hailed a cab and told the driver to "drive around". After the meter totaled $65.00 the driver asked her to show that she could pay. Jena showed him a handful of twenties and fifties. Satisfied for the moment the driver continued to drive. However, he became weary after of a half hour of aimless driving and complained. By this time they were at the corner of South Wacker and Michigan, Jena also exhausted shoved all her money totaling almost $300 at the driver. The driver stunned kept asking if she was sure. He stammered that he could drive some more. Jena just said it had to stop somewhere and that money couldn't help her.
Alone on the bright street, with people glancing at her disheveled and beaten appearance, Jena felt dirty and not fit to be apart of this bright world. Spotting the steps to Lower Wacker, she retreated below. She wedged herself in a corner under one of the viaducts and collapsed sobbing uncontrollably.
A couple of homeless wrecks saw her. They decided that even though she was a bit tattered, she was still a fine piece. When they approached her, Jena became hysterical not wanting them to touch or even talk to her. Crying loudly, screaming and clawing at them, the men backed off deciding that she was freaking out.
"Shit man, she might be fine but she must be on drugs or something. She's too much trouble. I don't need no trouble."
The other agreed. The men proceeded up to Michigan Avenue, laughing and joking about her. At the same time Chicago Black was trying to catch a cab. He overheard the men talking about a fine little piece that looks like she didn't belong there but was holding her own - "Yah man she clawed the crap outta you," one of them laughed.
Chicago Black said he knew it was Jena. It was like he heard a voice in his head telling him it was Jena and that she needed his help. "Where is she?" he asked the men.
The men ignored him and kept laughing. Growing really impatience, Jesse waved a twenty at them, Where? He demanded. The men took the money mumbling that the whole world done turned crazy. Half pushing them he followed the men down to Lower Wacker where Jena was still crying looking like a ball of rags stuffed in a corner.
Jesse approached her very gently, saying her name over and over. He could hardly keep from crying himself because of her condition. Jena however was too far-gone to realize that it was Jesse. She started to scream hysterically and fight.
Jesse desperate to calm her down shook her very hard and said, "Jena look at me, look at me, baby, its Jesse, its Chi, its Chi, talk to me Jena, talk to me" He took her hands and held them to his chest pleading that she come back to him.
"Not this way," he pleaded slumping down in front of her crying. Chi could not remember how long they sat that way but it was growing dark, when finally he felt Jena's hands in his hair, whispering "Jesse, Chi". Then nearly hysterical again screaming his name. Grabbing her partially to calm her and partially in joy. He picked her up saying that he was taking her home.
Netty immediately took over. Chi just wanted to know who did this to her as they gazed with uncontrollable horror as they looked at her battered and torn body and mostly scalped head. Netty sent Gabby to let Cook know that Ray-Ray was not to see her like this.
Netty told Chi that she needed medical attention immediately. The ER determined that she had a couple of broken ribs, a hairline fracture to her lower left arm and possibly a concussion. They insisted upon keeping her overnight for observation. Jena was very reluctant not wanting to let go of Chi and Netty. Netty told her that she would stay with her in the room. Still hesitant, Jena agreed.
The next morning Jena was released from the hospital. Jena still did not want to tell them what happened. But Chi had his suspicions of her brother. Who else could have it been? He knew that Jena did not have friends and certainly would not just wander around lower Wacker for no reason.
Netty completely shaved Jena's head, telling her that her hair would grow back in a "jiffy". As the days passed Jena began to heal and even laughed at her completely baldhead. I look like some kind of gnome, she giggled. Everyone agreed to tell Ray-Ray that Jena was in a bad accident. He was allowed to see her. Jena was able to calm him and strike up their old relationship.
One night as Netty was helping her to get ready for bed, Chi entered the room and lounged on Jena's bed. Netty and Jena found him there. They sat down beside him and all of them stared up through the skylight at the night sky. It was a clear night with glittering twinkling stars. Jena put her head in Netty's lap and took Chi's hand. Slowly and without tears, she told them of the emptiness that was her life after she left them. She finished by telling them what Dwayne and Jeremy did to her.
Chi incensed jumped up. "I knew it, I'm gonna kill them both." "Filthy bastards!" Chi raved and ranted until looking down at Netty and Jena who were both nearly hysterical with laughter. Hurt he dropped down in front of Jena with his eyes full of water protesting that they must be punished.
"You're so beautiful, not just physical looks, Jena you are beautiful person. You are bubbly, bright, aw hell girl you bring the sun with you."
Jena looked deep into Chi's eyes and yet she seemed far away. She spoke in a voice that did not seem natural or her own. "No, Jesse, we should let them be. What happened to me was fated. We should put it behind us."
After saying this, Jena pulled both Netty and Chi to her, hugging them both. She told that they were her family and she would never leave them again. She also asked Chi if she could work in the kitchen in the "background". She was not ready for singing or performing in the club. At her request for kitchen duty, both Netty and Chi broke into fitful laughter. But seeing that she was serious, they both told her that they thought it would be good for her.
Jeremy in the meantime had confessed to Dwayne that he did not find Jena in a convent but in that Old Man's club that they had always viewed it as a wussy place full of old men and boring women.
"Hell, she might as well have been in a convent." Dwayne told Jeremy.
"Actually I think she was in a convent in Indiana before she ended up there." Jeremy replied.
Dwayne said that he could use his pull with the police to harass them. Jeremy declined saying Jena was not worth it, it was just good they were rid of her. They both agreed on that point.
Then they decided to tell Dwayne's parents that Jena so troubled by her infertility that she asked Dwayne for a divorce. She felt that she should return to the convent where she could live a useful life.
It didn't take much of a story to convince the Freemans. Ever the fun people, they did not like complicated or sad stories. They felt that that kind of life was the life that suited Jena. They did comment on how it was a shame that such a beautiful woman would never be able to bring more of that beauty into the world. Mrs. Freeman added what they all felt, "I guess the real shame is that the child just doesn't appreciate her own beauty and how she could make such great use of it." Of course Dwayne and Jeremy's uses were very different from Mrs. Freeman's.
Less than three months after the divorce, Dwayne remarried. His new wife was pretty but certainly not beautiful. She was into fashion and enhancing what looks she had. She cared nothing about academics.
She happily catered to Dwayne, asked no questions about his activities and entertained herself by spending his money and visiting the Freemans. The Freemans loved her visits. Mrs. Freeman viewed the new wife as the daughter she always wanted. "There is so much about her that I can see in myself. She loves fashion and making the right connections, so unlike that austere little Jena." Mr. Freeman was just happy that her visits enabled him to escape his wife for some real fun with HIS running buddies. Dwayne was ecstatic to have a wife that buffered him from his parents while making him look good to them.
She gave birth to a beautiful son within a year of their marriage to the supreme joy of his parents. Dwayne was more arrogant than proud but no one cared. His parents and the new wife with her baby were too thrilled with each other.
Jeremy congratulated Dwayne on his wise choice of second wife. "She's a breeder, man, like my mom and your moms. She's not hard on the eyes but she's not a knockout." And then grinning wickedly, "Because we both know that beautiful women are for screwing!" With this the two men high five and chest butted each other grinning with joy. Jeremy knew that now free of Jena — of the Johnsons — he was truly a "free man".
During the year of Jeremy's complete metamorphosis, Jena's hair grew back even more luxuriously. Thanks to Netty's skill with creams and herbs, Jena's scars blended into her natural skin tones. Only a close inspection by a trained eye could tell that she had been so horribly beaten.
Jena continued college and finished her degree. Proudly her family cheered as her name was called as she grinning happily walked forth to accept it. She never sang at the Club again. She said it just wasn't in her heart any more. Instead she showed Chi what she had learned in college. Happy for her help, he kept her plenty busy with the Club's purchasing and accounting.
Gabby and Chili Pepper left for New York, which the return of Jena had delayed. "We had to make sure Baby Girl was going to make it okay." They were as Netty smiled under foot constantly trying to help Jena in her convalescent. Both Jena and Netty let them know that they did help Jena's spirit. They brought her pretty things, sang to her and kept her laughing so hard that Netty would chase them out for fear of re-opening her wounds.
Gabby and Chili had determined some time before Jena's arrival that neither would be able to be " Chi's woman". When Jeremy took Jena, Chi retreated into himself. He still ran the Club as graciously and efficiently as always but his "glow" that burned brightly when Jena was around went with her. Now that Jena had returned that "glow" was so intense that Gabby said he looked like a light bulb.
They loved Chi and company but said they have to move on for more "excitement". Chi found a House for them in New York which both of them especially Chili as she was from New York liked. Both still in their 20's, under Chi's tutelage, had developed into gorgeous and elegant drop dead beauties. The House in New York having received Chi's women before was also excited for their arrival. Gabby and Chili said they didn't believe in good byes. They just quietly packed their belongings and disappeared one sparkling Chicago night.

Jessie's Story
After Jena was completely healed, Chi and she began visiting fun spots in Chicago and of course they rode bikes on the lakefront. It was a bright sunny warm day. "There is no place like the Chicago lakefront in the summer," Jena said smiling up at Chi as they slowly walked their bikes.
Feeling like a little boy again, Chi playfully tugged Jena's hair and ran off to the sand, laid his bike down and threw down a blanket. Jena pretending to be angry caught up with him laid down her bike, "Oh you just asked for it now mister!"
At this she grabbed Jesse around the knees and pulled him down on the blanket. "Whoa, girl, careful of our lunch." Cook always prepared food for them when they went biking. She firmly believed that both of them were too skinny and that biking would make them even skinnier.
"Oops!" Jena cried. After carefully removing the neatly wrapped package from the back of her bike, she resumed her attack. She managed to wrestle Jesse down on the blanket. He in turn grabbed her and bear hugged her. Jena laughing screamed for mercy. Laughing they tumbled together on the blanket, rolling over to the blanket edge they separated.
Jena who was the first to recover rolled over and layed her head on Jesse's chest. He stroked her hair, his fingers lingering and then circling to her face. Jesse sat up and pulled Jena up with him. He stared deep in her eyes. Jena a little bewildered stared back into his. A moment of wonder, then perfect clarity. Jesse spoke first, "Jena I have always loved you, always."
Jena giggled at first told Jesse that she never realized it until now. "The emotion is almost overwhelming Jesse. I think I have loved you from that moment that we met at the bus station."
Jesse pulled them both to their feet and twirled Jena around and around until again they collapse on the blanket. This time Jesse arms tightly entwined Jena.
"Jena will you...?"
Jena hesitates. Jesse sat up and looked hurt. "Jena? "
"Jesse". She pulled away from him. "I can't have children. Struggling against the tears, "Jesse you know I am barren."
Jesse collected Jena in his arms again. He told her that he should share his story. It was one he wanted to forget but he felt she should know about his past. He told Jena about growing up in the street. They wandered from town to town. They hitchhiked, jumped trains and walked. They never stayed very long in one place.
He had a vague memory of a pretty woman. However, his first real memories were of the Old Man and him digging in the trash. They slept under bridges, in railroad cars or anywhere off on the beaten path at night. The Old Man and he were always heavily dressed even in the summer. The Old Man said that it was something about the way they lived that kept the metabolism low which made them feel cold. Jesse remembered that he really never felt warm.
"So that's why you wear all those clothes," Jena teased. "I thought you are just a fancy dresser."
Jesse just made a face at her. He continued with his story telling her that he had no formal education. He learned to read by the Old Man reading to him in libraries. Libraries were a safe place off the street where they spent a lot of time.
Between the Old Man and librarians, he learned to read quite well.
He suffered abuse from other street people whom the Old Man could not protect him. He remembered crying himself to sleep while the Old Man rocked him in his arms. The Old Man taught him to pray and ask forgiveness for them. Above all he must learn not to hate for it would consume him. He was taught to remember his pain so that he would not hurt others. The Old Man told him to fill himself with love.
The Old Man taught him to love nature. The two of them often lived a season on farms. The Old Man did not like to stay in one place. "Girl, I have picked cotton, tobacco, tomatoes, apples, oranges ... if it grows, I've picked it!"
Their wanderings brought them to Indianapolis. There was a small church on West Street near downtown that they would visit. The pastor was very nice to them. He was never condescending and seriously seemed interested in what the Old Man had to say.
His wife always gave Jesse a fifty cents or a dollar for something "special". The pastor and the members always gave them lots of food and clothes. They would have group dinners outdoors. The minister felt that out in the open air, people on the street would feel comfortable joining the members to eat. Jesse never understood why the Old Man would not sleep in the church garage. He always said he would not be a burden on good people.
When they took their leave of Indianapolis, the minister's wife gave Jesse a special blessing. She put her hands on his head and told him that she felt a powerful energy about him. She saw that he would become a champion for women. He would defend and assist without hesitation women in need. It really did not mean anything to him at the time. Now a man, he knows that he cannot bear to see anyone especially a child or a women mistreated.
He stayed with the Old Man until he was about 12 (he could not really be sure of his age). He used to wonder why they continued not just the Old Man and himself but the others who did not appear to share the Old Man's love of nature. He stared into so many blank aimless eyes. What kept them going? Why did they not just lie down and give up. The Old Man said it was something primal - the will to live.
Often the Old Man and he would do odd jobs at adult clubs. At one Club in southern California, the Madam spotted Jesse. She decided that she liked his pleasant, polite demeanor. She rubbed the dirt off part of his face. "And you're a pretty boy - why with a little soap, some lotion, you will be positively lovely!"
He did not want to leave the Old Man; he had been all that he had. The Old Man asked his forgiveness while assuring him that the Madam could provide him with more of what he needed now that he was growing into a man. He told Jesse that he did not want him to grow up to be an "Old Man" wandering endlessly and aimlessly.
The Madam gave the Old Man a hundred dollars for Jesse. Looking abandoned and childlike, Jesse said, "I still remember the Old Man leaving me as he trudged on alone against the muted orange red sky of the setting sun toward the interstate. I never saw him again."
The Madam's last name was Franklin and hence he became Jesse Franklin. She turned out to be a kind and fun loving woman. She was not much on nature but never disputed what the Old Man had taught him. From her Jesse learned even more compassion especially for women. He learned to be comforting and trust inspiring - the women adored him.
He did not attend school with her either. Jesse felt out of place with children who had parents even one parent was more than he had. So he continued to study on his own and some of the Clubwomen were quite knowledgeable. When he turned 16 he decided that he should get his GED. Amused, the madam paid for the classes and attended his "graduation".
As the Madam's Club was a part of a syndicate, she offered him after he earned his GED to the "Board" saying it was time for him to "expand". By this time he had acquired a wardrobe of black attire. The Board agreed that he was useful and he was sent to Los Vegas to learn the ropes. A quick learner and with his talent with women, the Board does not hesitate to send him to Chicago.
The Chicago Club that he was sent to manage was declining. The Board felt that a novice could not make it any worst. Armed with Netty and Cook, Chi used food and entertainment to attract older men with money. Cleverly he discovered that many of the women there could sing and a couple of them were pretty good at jokes.
At first they thought he was playing about singers and comediennes. Once he made them understand he was serious, the ladies began to like using their abilities. The Club flourished. Chi also became known for polishing and finishing women that others deemed hopeless.
Due to the fact that he ran one of the Chicago Clubs and his elegant black attire, the Board referred to him as "Chicago Black" which the women shortened to "Chi". Only Netty, Cook and now Jena called him Jesse.
"And now baby, I'm yours, signed sealed and delivered! We can adopt, woman!"
Jena laughed despite the pain she felt for him. Jena told him that she thought her life was hard.
Jesse responded. "Pain is pain. Your pain might have been different from my pain but all pain hurts. Pain will damage your soul if you let it. So what's your answer woman?"
Jena eyes wet from half crying, half laughing manages yes, yes, yes!!!!
During Jena's time with Jeremy and Dwayne, Gilly had become a part of the Club's staff. He turned out that he was a hard worker and very handy with hands. Cook said that putting Gilly to work was the only way Chi could afford feeding him.
Actually, Jena almost didn't recognize him as Gilly had trimmed down into a stocky but well built man. "Good thing the Post Office didn't use Gilly as an example of how walking will keep you fit," Cook loved to tease.
"Got more food as the postman. Woman now you starve me and then you work me half to death. You even get me up in the middle of the night."
"Now Gilly, you know THAT was an emergency," Cook pretending to be slightly miffed snapped back at Gilly.
The two of them were always teasing and playing with each other. Ray-Ray followed Gilly around who was always gentle and patient with him. No one could miss the pleased look in Cook's eyes when she watched the two of them.
So when Jesse and Jena returned to tell everyone that that there is going to be a wedding, they are all but floored to learn that Cook and Gilly beat them to the punch. "What, oh my goodness," Jena said her eyes glittering with joy.
"Y'all were taking so long, Cook and I decided that we had better show you two how to do it." Gilly laughingly told them.
There was very little discussion, a double wedding right away. The Syndicate was had no objections, they had become use to Chi's unorthodox methods. "What the heck, he will probably make us more money!"
Everyone was really amused that Cook had to own up to her real name "Bertha". Gilly rescued her, "No worries honey, you are Cook and if anyone got a problem with it, then they will have to deal with me!" This sent everyone including Cook into hysterics.
Since the women in the Club were excited about the double wedding, Chi proposed that they would marry on a Sunday morning so that the Club women could participate in the wedding. In the afternoon when the Club opened, they would celebrate with a party. This way the clients could participate in the reception. One of the women told Chi that his nickname should be "Midas" because everything he touched turns to gold. Yep, the clients spent money like water at the reception.
The honeymoon was postponed until Christmas when the Club closed for the week between Christmas and New Year. Netty was reluctant to join the honeymooners saying she could just remain at the house and watch Ray-Ray.
"Netty, you know that Ray-Ray won't understand us all leaving except you and him. He will think that you two are being punished." Jena told Netty.
"Besides," Jesse joins in, "if you don't go who will keep Cook from taking over the ship's galley?"
"You got that right Jesse. I'm going to need all the help I can get to keep that woman from cooking."
"Oh shut up, Gilly," Cook snapped smiling at him, "We won't be there a day before you'll be complaining about the bland taste and small servings."
Netty laughed, "I know when I'm beat, I'm in." Actually she was pleased and excited to be included. She had never traveled much and was beside herself with joy at the thought of a winter Caribbean cruise.

An Unlikely Visitor
The Club family; Jesse, Jena, Netty, Cook, Gilly and Ray-Ray was what they called themselves. Once the excitement of wedding and honeymoon was over, they continued to live peacefully for the next several years. They had so enjoyed their Caribbean cruise that they planned and took several more cruises.
The average stay for a woman entertainer was about three years. In this time, women under Jesse and Netty's tutorage learned about themselves. Often a woman decided that the life of the Club was not for her.
At first the Syndicate did not endorse Jesse's policy of allowing a woman to pursue another career. However, after realizing that the woman would become a problem anyway, the Syndicate began funneling difficult and unhappy women to Jesse.
The Syndicate was quite pleased that most of the women sent to Jesse became productive members of their organization that they could relocate to other clubs. Additionally, a couple of the women became truly professional singers and performed willingly at Clubs all over the country out of gratitude of the help that they had received.
Jena continued to work in the background. Often she would join Cook in the kitchen. In doing so she became quite proficient in the culinary arts. Only she could dare make suggestions to Cook's about new menu items. It was because of Jena that Cook enrolled in a culinary school. In almost record time, she became licensed as a professional chef in Illinois and Indiana.
Cook returning to school triggered an interest in all of the Club family in education. Netty giggled saying they were just a bunch of copycats. Netty earned an associate degree. She also acquired certification as a counselor and teaching assistant. Gilly completed the trade school course in mechanics and HVAC that he started before he became a postman. Of course, as Cook said that was so long ago that he had to start over. "Nonetheless," Gilly smirked, "I finished!"
Jesse was not to be left out. It was a no-brainer for him to complete a bachelor's degree in business administration. Jesse figuring that a certified public accountant in the group wouldn't hurt. He urged Jena to become take the CPA exam. As Netty bragged about her, Jena passed that exam with flying colors.
Since Jesse had studied business administration he could share with Jena her interest in investing. The two of them built a portfolio, which included incorporating the money Jena had accumulated in her own name while married to Dwayne. Netty, Cook and Gilly also benefited from Jena's ability, each building a tidy nest egg.
Gilly as the last of the Gillenwaters, inherited from his parents, a nice parcel of land around the Indiana dunes just outside of Ogden, Indiana. Gillenwaters had owned this land for at least three generations. Even with all the commercializing of that area, they held onto it mostly using as a private retreat for the family.
The beauty of this land was that while there was private access to the lake, there was land suitable for farming. The only buildings on the land were a couple of trailers. The Club family often escaped to the serenity of Gilly's land.
Over the years with the help of Jena's investments, Gilly and Cook were able to obtain more of the acreage surrounding their land. Jesse, Jena and Netty helped with improvements such as purchasing new mobile homes having water lines run and electricity.
Gilly made a joke that he was not an acclaimed architect but he thought he could arrange the mobile homes in such a way that all could access each other. Jesse did not find the reference to an architect funny but Jena giggled. "You are just too forgiving Jena." Gilly ducked out the room; Jesse was not the best person to be around when he got his dander up!
Gilly did manage to arrange three homes loosely a semi circle with a fourth home in front and middle. The two homes on each end connected via an enclosed walkway to the fourth home. The third home set at an angled behind the fourth home and connected to it by a walkway. Each home had a view of the lake. The fourth home had a huge picture window with a panoramic view.
One home on the end had four bedrooms for the Gillenwaters. The home on the opposite had two bedrooms with bathrooms for Netty. Outside of the home was a garden space for an herb garden. She was too thrilled to have a home with garden space of her own.
The third home was a four-bedroom affair for Jesse and Jena. The living room in this home also had a huge picture window facing the lake. Gilly knew that Jena loved looking at the water.
While they all agreed that the fourth home was a great idea so that they could all assemble without treading on each other's space, they were amused that Gilly had custom made such a large home. "Good grief! Gilly," Cook exclaimed, "who are you expecting, the U.S. army?"
Sheepishly Gilly replied that it was better to have too much space than not enough. With five large bedrooms with bathrooms at one end of the home and two with bathrooms at the other end, Jesse laughed that it would certainly do a small army justice. Jena laughed with Jesse but somehow she felt that they were preparing for something bigger than themselves.
Gilly legally adopted Ray-Ray who now insisted upon being called Ray. "Ray-Ray is a baby name. I am growing up; I would like to be called Ray. Just one Ray, if that is okay."
A surprised Cook and Gilly stuttered but of course it was okay. "After all son, you will have to carry on the Gillenwater legacy," Gilly smiled as both Cook and Ray beamed at him.
Truly, Ray in spite of his learning challenge was beginning to mature into a functional adult. Jena had found a high school that accepted Ray as a regular student. The affect of being around his peers did wonders for the boy. His shyness disappeared while his social skills improved to the point where his special needs was barely noticeable. Ray's fun loving spirit earned him many friends.
Watching Ray's sun shining face as he hung up his phone from talking to one of his friends, Jena begins to understand that not only Ray's life was changing but also all of their lives were changing. For some time Jena had been feeling restless. "There is something more I should be doing. I know our lives are good, Jesse. Still there is some pulling me, nagging at me that there something more that we need to do."
"I hear you. I've been thinking the same thing. I know we do a service here. We do help a lot of women. It's all kind of great when a woman finds herself. If a woman decides to stay in this business then at least it was her choice. I know that there lonely people out there that need company. But it's getting old, Jena."
"It's called burnout Jesse," Netty said. She had heard the end of the conversation. "I think you'll find that all of the Club family is ready for a change. We do perform a service. But is there another service perhaps we can do with a little more substance?"
Before Jena and Jesse could reply, the Club doorman interrupted, "There is a man at the door asking for you Jena," looking hard at Jena, "that I think you should see."
Intrigued, they followed the doorman. Ray curious as always joined them. As soon as they saw him they froze. Before them stood a commanding presence with thick curly dark red hair cascading past his shoulders and carelessly tied back. Through the expensive casual clothing it was easy to see the fit muscular body. His face was a study of compassion radiating a peace not of this world. He was as beautiful as Jena. In fact, he looked like a male version of Jena.
Stunned, no one could speak. It was Ray who broke the ice. Without hesitation, Ray approached the stranger, pulling him in the house, "You're like Jena, you're good and beautiful too!"
Finally Jena found her voice, "You are obviously one of my brothers; which one are you?"
Jesse becomes openly hostile and protective moving in front of Jena. He had not forgotten the last time one of Jena's brothers stood at that door. "What do YOU want? We really don't need any more of the Johnson's brand of love."
Jacob VI did not produce a phony smile. He merely looked at each of them and answered, "My birth name is Jacob VI. I am the seventh son of the sixth generation. Mother called Jake and that is the name I like to be called."
He then looked only at Jesse saying, "I realize that the last Johnson to stand at this door brought misery and grief. I come because the time has come for Jena to complete her destiny that includes all of you. I would like to talk to Jena AND her family. I am here because of Mother not Father."
Still wary, Jesse began to shake his head but Jena moved from behind Jesse and looking Jake in the eyes. "Jesse we can at least listen to him. He has already acknowledged you all as my family."
Cook smiling, "What about a bite to eat. Stories, explanations, histories - whatever go better with food!"
Jake grinned saying he was famished. "And stop giving him the evil eye, Jesse." Netty teased as they all followed Cook to their private dining room.
Actually there wasn't much talking at the meal. It did, however, serve to relax everyone even Jesse. Jake answered some questions about the older brothers who he said were quite well off and distant. They and their families very rarely came back to see Father which did not seem to upset him. He treated them as if they were mere backdrop for his seventh son and the seventh son of that son.
Jane still lived with father. She made a sport of allowing a man to woo her to a marriage proposal and then breaking it off at the last minute. Father found it entertaining as well. He really had no plans to see Jane married. Just as when she was a child he found her companionable and a kindred spirit.
Jason the brother next to him was the only one who had not married. He was devoted to Jane, which she found amusing. He helped with her makeup, clothing selection and accessories. He was always up on the latest fashion. They even went shopping together, often flying to the New York or Europe for shopping sprees.
She would use him in a number of unkind ways often sending him to break up one of her engagements. Jane served as a buffer between father and Jason until one of her lovers was discovered to also be Jason's lover. "Well," laughed Jake "hell knows no fury like a woman's scorned. It was all I could do to get Jason and the offending party out of Galena before Jane barbequed them."
This humorous episode finished the meal. They retired to a lounge area. Having warmed to Jake, they crowded around him waiting to hear the real reason he had come.
"You said you come because of Mother?" Jena prompted.
Jake looked at Jena, his face full of compassion, "Yes. Before Jeremy was born, Mother was allowed to live with us. Each of us had the benefit of Mother's love and company."
"Father has a talent of "Push". He can get some people to do what he wants by a suggestion through mental telepathy into their subconscious. It is basis of his wealth along with his talent for investing." He stopped and looked at Jena.
"So that's where I get that from!" Jena said with no bitterness, it was just an interesting blood tie for her.
"Some people, however," Jake continued, "are resistance to his "Push". Some of the others of the Johnson clan in Appalachia did not appreciate him using this talent at the expense of other people. That's why he had to take our family and leave."
"Are you familiar with the belief of the seventh son of a seventh son?"
Everyone shook his or her heads negatively. "But what does this have to do with Mother?" Jena said looking puzzled.
Jake smiled, "Uh. I guess I should have told you that I need to start with Father so that you can understand this whole business starts with the talents or powers of the seventh son of a seventh son. This belief is very ancient dating back to before Biblical times. Many cultures in countries all over the world have variations of this belief."
"The belief is says that the seventh son of a seventh son would have great powers. He is subject to a selection of whether his powers would be good or evil. No one knows how the seventh will turn out. Only time will tell if the son will use his powers for good or evil."
"Wow, that's cool." Ray said excitedly. He was finding the entire discussion fascinating.
"Up until Grandfather, the Jacob Johnson seventh sons had been kind. If they used the "Push" talent at all, it was to help people. They earned their living by merits of their abilities, not by 'Push'. The clan seemed to have the 'Midas' touch. Jacob Johnsons have been wealthy since anyone can remember."
" Each generation also produced one daughter. After four generations of birthing a seven son, Father's father decided that his bloodline was special which would culminate in a seventh generation of seven sons. The seven-generation of seven sons would be extraordinarily powerful. This son would be the son to father a new super race that would give the Johnson the power to control the destiny of mankind. Grandfather ingrained Father with the belief that he would be the most special person alive as the grandfather of a seven-generation seventh son. He taught Father that NOTHING was to get in his way."
"That is why we had to leave Appalachia. With Grandfather it appeared that the power turned negative. He was ruthless, openly flamboyant about his "Push". He told people that he could make them do what he wished. He preyed ruthlessly on several people, acquiring their land and wealth thereby ruining their lives."
"When Jacob V was a young man recently married to Judith, Jacob IV was found mysteriously shot at his desk. On the desk were foreclosure papers for the farms bordering his estate. He did not need money or even the farms, he just liked adding to his wealth."
"Jacob V was told by the community that they didn't care who killed his father. And unless he wanted to meet the same fate, he best be getting on before he had a seventh son."
Jake paused as he looked at the astonished faces. "Yes, I know this sounds wild. But Father reverently believes this. To him it is compounded by the fact of his "talent" being greater than his father's. Father is wise enough to quietly use his talent. But he is as ruthless as Grandfather."
"My grandfather and father did not interpret the legend correctly. They thought they could control the events of births. Father just knew that he too would produce seven sons and one daughter. What he did not realize when he married Mother that she had a 'talent' was that had nothing to do with the talents of seven sons."
"It was not until she gave birth to Jeremy and to you Jena that father realized that Mother was just more than resistant to his "Push". When you were born, Father had Jeremy locked away in the room above the turret to punish Mother. And it did grieve her terribly."
"Not to mention the damage it did to Jeremy," Jena interjected.
Jake nodded. "You can imagine how furious he was when she four years later she produced you. Jena your beauty outshone all of us. Father decided that Mother and you were evil. That Mother had ties to dark forces. That is how you came to live in the small apartment with Mother. He told us children that Mother had developed a rare heart disease necessitating that she live alone."
"Remember that I said that Grandfather and Father did not interpret the belief correctly. For in the belief no human can control how the seventh son will be. It is a struggle between "good" and "evil". I also said that Mother had a "talent". Mother's talent was unconditional love and precognitive dreams. She was able to forgive the cruelest of treatments. She went to her death forgiving Father. Father did kill her you know. Yes Mother had foreseen that he would kill her but she did not know the tool he would make of Jane."
Jena gasped; the others were just struck dumb.
"Yes, he would allow Jane to visit with her as Jane was still too young to understand why she could not see Mother. Jena was removed from the apartment, so that Jane never knew she had a sister. He would allow Jane have a 'tea party' with mother. On the night of mother's death, he pushed a servant to put a large amount of arsenic in the cup for mother so Jane unwittingly poisoned Mother causing her death."
"Cruel son of a bitch," Jesse raged.
Jake eyes were full of tears, which caused Jesse to calm down. "I'm sorry man this must be really hard for you."
Jake smiled at Jesse and nodded in the affirmative. "Father told me what he did to Mother after Jason was discovered with Jane's lover. He told me how easy it would be to do the same to Jason. Father declared that he would not allow such an abomination to live."
"I never told Jason Father's plan to kill him. It would have destroyed him. Instead I told him that he did not want to remain to suffer both the wrath of Father and Jane. This made real sense to him because he had witnessed their anger first hand."
"In the dead of night, I helped him escape. We met his partner on the road to Dubuque, Iowa. I gave him a goodly sum of cash telling the two of them not to stop driving until they reached the Pacific Ocean. I told Jason not to contact me by conventional means me. Just to think of me when he arrived, I would know that he was safe. I still get thoughts from Jason. He sends that he can tell that I have received him because I loom large in his mind. He and his partner have married and are doing well."
"I told Father that he must of left for fear of Jane and him. Father accepted my story saying, 'oh well, just as well. We won't have to kill him after all. He had better not show his face here again. Because if I don't kill him, Jane certainly will.' Father thought this was outrageously funny."
"Father really didn't care about telling me about Mother because he knows that there is nothing I can do about it. The evidence is a long time gone and it would just be my word against his. But most importantly he knows I would not tell anyone especially Jane."
"I did not marry as quickly or who Father wanted me to marry. Rebecca is from a family much poorer than Father approved. Rebecca attracted me because she is smart, gentle and has peaceful loving thoughts. She is always with me here." He pointed to his heart and head.
"When Father realized he could not budge me (as my talents are greater than his, he cannot "Push" me), he relented only to tell me that I had better produce the coveted seventh son. Ha! Rebecca and I led that old man on a merry chase. For over a year no children. He ranted, raved and even told me to divorce her. Had I not been in such fear of him, I would have just taken Rebecca and left. I was still young."
"Then Rebecca like some kind of baby machine within two years of each birth borne three sets of twins and yes the seventh son. Of course, father was ecstatic, praising his "Push" talent saying that Rebecca was just a difficult subject. He neglected to see that if anyone were to "Push" Rebecca it would have been me. We did not produce a daughter. Truth be told, it was fated long before Father that a seventh generation seventh son should be born in this bloodline."
"What Father did not know in his misinterpretation of the belief is that you Jena and I have inherited mother's talent of unconditional love. Unknown to Father I also have psychic ability. As I told you I can receive and transmit to certain people close to me like Jason. Do you not wonder how I found you Jena?"
"You, you were the voice in my head!" Jena whispered, "And now I remember a warmth, a comfort during my sufferings when I was beaten at the convent, the strength, the will to live ... it was you!"
Then Jena eyes widen, "it was you who brought Jesse to me after Dwayne beat me ... you and another voice."
"Yes, Jena, I have a connection with you because I touched your hand when you were still a baby. I used to visit Mother like Chef by sitting outside her door and talking. Once she put your hand through the small opening for the food tray so that I could touch you. Thereby I formed a psychic bond with you. The other voice was my son, Jacob VII - Little Jake, who is bonded to you through me. "
Jake added painfully, "The first time I heard you crying for help was when you were beaten and every time you were beaten I felt it. I wish I could have done more for you but I was still young and very busy trying to protect myself from Father."
"When Dwayne beat you and Jeremy treated you so cruelly, your pain nearly broke me in half. I had to have Little Jake help me. When you left Jeremy we guided you to the cab to ride around while we searched your mind for someone to help you. We found Jesse. Although Little Jake is young, he's smart. I will tell you more of his talents in a minute. I had Little Jake take you, Jena. He led you to Lower Wacker and gave you the strength to fight off those men. I concentrated on you Jesse."
"Yes, yes," cried Jesse. "I heard a voice in my head saying it's Jena, help her. Make those men take you to her; it's Jena, help her."
"And I heard a voice telling me, Jesse is here, Jena come back ... come back, Jesse is here."
Looking at Jake in amazement and wonder both Jesse and Jena, faces wet with tears rushed into Jake's open arms. Netty, Cook, Gilly and Ray stared with astonishment because the three of them were glowing; hues of red, yellow and orange, flashing madly about like an in-house thunderstorm. It did not last a minute but it seemed a lifetime.
When Jesse and Jena released Jake, Jena said, "Oh Jake how can we ever repay you?"
Jake smiling broadly, "You already have." Then looking at Netty, Cook, Gilly and Ray whose mouths were still hanging open. The colorful glow you just witnessed was the physical manifestation of a psychic transfer. You see the intense emotion of love and gratitude that Jena and Jesse just released to me was so great that it became visible."
Then Jake looked at Jena and Jesse. "You have as I said repaid us ... Little Jake and me. That blast of love and gratitude during the glow was transferred to Little Jake supplying him with a stockpile for his psychic energy that he will need. But more about that later, I must get to Mother."
Picking up where he left off before the psychic glow. "Further what Father did not understand was that my son had also inherited mother's talent of unconditional love, his talent of "Push" and my psychic talent. Little Jake is a power to be reckoned with. His "Push" talent is strong enough too physically move people."
"If we had not determined this when he was still a baby, Father would not have let us near him. Swiftly we took hold of him. Teaching him to cloak his abilities especially from Father and Jane. Although whenever Jane would irritate him, Little Jake could not resist causing her to stumble and fall for no apparent reason. She never figured out the cause even though Little Jake would be almost in tears with laughter."
Everyone laughed at the comic situation of seeing an angry aunt and a mischievous gifted little boy. Jake had given them a history so astonishing and after the psychic glow that they were relieved to have a moment to breathe and laugh.
Hurrying on, Jake continued. "There is much more to tell and little time."
"Little time, Jake? Jena questioned.
Yes, little time for my family and I are leaving Father. Little Jake is still with him but more about that later. Four of my sons left long ago unhindered by Father because they were of no consequence to him. In his fanaticism Father wants to keep Little Jake and me with him to consummate his grand plan."
"What he does not realize is that there is another plan in the works that will check him. I am older and wiser now. I want no harm to come to Rebecca and the remaining twins. We left supposedly on a short vacation to Chicago. Once in Chicago they flew directly to London and from there to Kenya where they are waiting for me. I know they are safe."
"While Father is not psychic, he is very smart and it won't take long for him to figure out that we are not coming back. We cannot risk him finding out before Little Jake is prepared."
But first I must tell you about Mother. She knew she would not live to see you grown. While I was still a child before you were born Jena, she shared with me her precognitive dream:
"My last child, Jake, will be a girl. She will possess unearthly beauty of body, mind and spirit. There will be many who will hurt her just because she does possess such beauty. She will suffer horribly. And although she will not understand why people hurt her, my child will forgive all those who do unconditionally. She will not suffer in vain. There is a reason that she should suffer. She has a special destiny. You Jake and your son also have a special destiny that is linked to her and her destiny."

Rosalee
Jake looking at the weary group who had learned so much in such a short time. "Bear with me, I'm almost done." They all smiled encouragingly and because they still wanted to know what Jena's destiny was and how they would be a part of it.
"Mother knew Jena that those who have suffered like you would find her. She knew that among these people, you would blossom and grow. She knew that they would not be people from the 'upper crust'. She knew that the kind of understanding you need Jena comes from people who understands poverty and excruciating pain."
"We're some kind of understanding people," Cook mumbled. "Sure we can feel that we perform a service. Catering to lonely old men who seek company. And helping lost young women. Jesse does a great job, but..."
Jake smiled broadly, "Bertha." Using Cook's real name caused her to flinch. "Cook," Jake corrected immediately, "we live in a challenging world. As a young man I spent a lot of time trying to understand the proverbially 'whys' and 'whats'. Why we are here, what is the meaning of life, etc."
"That is how I met Rebecca in a church where the people sang and shouted happily. The last place my Father would want me to be. I was seeking the "good" people. It did not take long for me to realize that no one or organization holds the patent on "good" and "bad". Often I found some "good" people in the streets and some "bad" people in church."
"Rebecca and I spent many sleepless nights trying to figure it all out. We tried different faiths Christian, Islamic, Buddhist, Baha'i and many whose names we have forgotten. We decided that the best truths from the all of the religions was not to judge, maintain an open mind and love one another as you love yourself."
"Cook, I have no judgment of you or of this establishment. I just know that you are people who are Jena's spiritual family. Spiritual ties supersede blood ties, blood relations as we all know can become bitter enemies. It is the spirit that binds."
"The group of you have are bonded by your spirits. You are a like group ... all of you have suffered deeply but instead of being bitter and mean, you use your individual pain to fuel your compassion. This is the key to your collective destiny."
"Think hard Jena. There is someone in your past that you found compassionate and helped you. You must find this person. This person is still close to Chicago, probably not far from where you left her or him. This person holds the key to your destiny."
Jena jumped up and clapped her hands, "I don't have to think hard. I know who it is. It is Rosalee. Rosalee sweet, sweet Rosalee. I can still see her worried face as she watched the vegetable man, Mack, drive me away in his truck. Rosalee!"
"I remember you telling me about her," Jesse joined in.
Jake leaned back in his chair, obviously relieved. "Now the second part..."
"What, there's more," Netty speaking the confusion the others felt.
"Yes, remember I told you that Little Jake and I are a part of Jena's destiny as well?"
They all nodded agreement.
"Jena, my part is done. I will be boarding a flight tonight for London and joining my family in Kenya. Eventually all of my sons and their families except Little Jake will join me there. We will live among the Kenyans learning their ways and helping for the well being of everyone. Over time we will fold into them. Those we have found in Kenya are our spiritual family."
"But what of Little Jake? Jena seriously alarmed asked.
"Jena when Little Jake guided you in your trouble the two of you bonded. He is your spiritual child. He belongs to you, Jena. I know that my family is only his blood family."
Jena gasped, "But won't you miss him, won't you need him?"
"Rebecca and I have prepared him the best we can. When his task is done, he will need you, Jena. Yes, I will miss him but I know that his destiny is with you. That is what is fated."
"But you must start at once to find Rosalee. You must be ready when Little Jake comes to you. His task is formidable. Although his talents as the seventh generation seventh son are powerful, he will be almost depleted when he comes to you."
"Do not worry if you leave this place when you find Rosalee. Little Jake will find you as long as you are around Lake Michigan, he will find you."
"He is my son, Jena, I love him and will always love him. Yet, I happily give him to you so that you will know the true love of one of your blood family. You will give each other strength. Through him you will know the love of my blood family and me."
Jake was so exhausted that he looked ready to collapse. Netty was the first one to him. "Easy you look like you could use some rejuvenation yourself."
"If I could have one your delicious snacks, Cook? I could use some corporeal refueling. Then I have a flight to catch."
Grinning Cook immediately fled to the kitchen.
"May all of us see you off?" Jena and Jesse both asked at once.
Jake beamed, "I would be honored."
The Club family took Jake's instructions to heart. Jesse gave notice to the Syndicate that they would be leaving in three weeks. The Syndicate was sorry to lose them but not surprised. They said that they were surprised that Chi and crew stayed as long as they did. It was almost a Syndicate record.
Within two weeks, a new crew arrived. They were respectful but a bit aloof and arrogant. They insisted that it would be "no prob" to take over. In fact, the transition was not difficult on the surface. There were enough of the regular women in the Club for business as usual. The Club family knew the transition below the surface would be the new crew's "prob". They happily gathered their belongings and quietly moved to their haven on the lake.
The first night at the lake lying in bed next to Jesse, Jena let her thoughts drift. Her mind filled with thoughts of Little Jake, her spiritual son. She decided that every night before going to sleep, she would send him her love. She spooned against Jesse's back; Jesse reached over and pulled her hand to his chest. Jena felt a warm vibration and a faint whisper in her head, "Good night, Mother Jena."
Jena had started researching the convents in Northern Indiana as soon as they returned from taking Jake to O'Hara International Airport. She was certain that she had been in Indiana. She remembered the "Welcome to Illinois" sign as the bus left Indiana turning onto the I-90 skyway to Chicago. She also knew that it was not far from Gary because the ride in Mack's truck did not take long. She could not tell in hours but she did know that the sun was not much different when she arrived at the Gary bus station from when she left the convent.
Jesse and she poured over the northern Indiana map. They ruled out cities like Merrillville, Crown Point, and Hobart. Jena knew she had been in the country away from a city.
It was Gilly who decided that should follow old US 6 off of State Road 53 out of Merrillville. Having grown up in the Merrillville area Gilly was familiar with the farm roads and the roads through the local nature preserves.
It was a fine bright late April morning with the dogwood and redbud trees in blossom that the family climbed into Gilly's truck and set out towards Gary. Jena was nervous at the prospect of retracing that the painful route of so many years ago. Jesse put his arm around Jena and drew her to him.
The trip was uneventful, not a lot of talking except for Ray. Happily munching Cook's snacks, Ray was all eyes and mouth.
Jena was very quiet carefully watching the road. After about an hour driving down US 53, Gilly told her that they were getting close to Merrillville. "This road is familiar, it is the road we came on to Gary."
They continued down 53 passing Merrillville passing the conference hotel areas and the shopping malls. "This is all new to me," Jena said looking rather hopeless.
The further south they traveled, the farm and woodland began to take over the scenery. Gilly said, "Let's turn here, this is old US 6. It runs through a lot of farms and forests."
After 15 minutes on the road, they passed a little dirt road, almost hidden by the trees. "Stop," Jena cried. "I remember this place. This is where Mack took me out of the back of the truck and put me in the front seat. I could barely walk. I wanted to rest on that rock there. But Mack was so gentle. He picked me up and put me in the front seat. He told me he knew I was hurting but we had to move quickly because we were still close to the convent."
Gilly backed up and they proceeded down the road. They were not prepared for what lay at the end of the road. There were modern buildings on a beautifully landscaped campus. Jena shook her head. "I just knew this was the place but..."
"Wait a minute," Netty prompted. "Let's drive around a bit. It has been almost 20 years Jena."
Judging by the uniforms and that there were all girls on the campus, it must be a girls' school. The girls paid them no attention as Gilly drove slowly around the campus. In the center of the buildings not visible from where they first entered was a small garden gorgeously adorned with flowers and a statue of woman holding a cross.
"It's her, it's the statue of the first Mother Superior. Yes, this is the place. It is! Now that I look at those buildings over there, those were here when I was."
The staff in the administration office was quite pleasant. None of them, however, remembered a Sister Rosalee. Obviously, they smiled; there had been a lot of changes. It was no longer a convent but an elite school for the rich. They were so sorry and hoped that Jena would find her.
"It's okay Jena," Jesse consoled as they walked toward the truck. "We'll ask along the road here or check the white pages, maybe someone will remember Sister Rosalee."
"Sister Rosalee, did you say Sister Rosalee? A tiny nun with bright caring eyes?"
Startled Jena turned and looked at who was speaking. The old nun who came towards them was not bent with age. She looked stern but not unkind. "Sister Frances?"
The old nun came closer to Jena and looked her up and down, "Jena, why child I would know your beauty and hair anywhere. Oh dear child, you made it. I saw Sister Rosalee put you in the back of Mack's truck. I was so happy that she could get you away. I told her so because I did not want her bear her act alone. We cried and prayed over you many a night. We followed the papers and never read anything about a runaway or anyone fitting your description. So we decided you were safe."
"Sister Francis, oh my you do look well," Jena said, hugging the old nun.
"Well, after the big shake up, life got a lot easier here. Guess you don't know what happened shortly after you left. Sister Patrice." Jena cringed at the name. Sister Francis did not miss Jena's reaction. Her face softened almost to tears.
"You suffered terribly, Jena; you and so many other innocent girls. In fact that is what caused the demise of the old convent and building of this here modern fancy snazzy new, well mostly new school."
"Sister Patrice beat a girl so badly, that even the Mother Superior was appalled. They had to put the child in the hospital. The girl almost died. It turned out that she was from a well to do family that could afford a lawyer. The diocese settled out of court. Sister Patrice plea-bargained and quietly went to prison, still there I think. Mother Superior barely escaped with her habits!" Sister Francis chuckled.
"The old girl, Mother Superior - Sister Gertrude, had money stashed. She disappeared without a trace. This place was brought by a private concern. The remaining staff including Sister Rosalee and me was offered a chance to stay on. Me, I stayed. I could not imagine life somewhere else."
"But Sister Rosalee," as if anticipating Jena's question. "The whole affair affected Rosalee differently. She didn't really lose her faith but she told me that she no longer wanted to be a nun. She didn't want to be a part of a large organization any more especially a religious organization. Oh her love for children has not diminished but she wanted to serve where she would have less superiors and more control."
"And where has Ms. Rosalee landed?" Sister Francis grinned, which shocked Jena because she can't remember ever seeing Sister Francis grin.
Ignoring Jena's reaction, "Rosalee and I have stayed in touch through the years. Ya'll drove right past her to get here. She is now the owner of a small home for troubled girls. The name is Still Waters, Inc. I imagine you came down US 53, which turns, into Broadway in Gary. Just before you get to 4th Avenue on Broadway, it is a little rundown hotel. You will find your Miss Rosalee!" Sister Francis triumphantly reported.
Happily, Jena hugged Sister Francis who was again grinning hugged Jena back. "Go to her, child, go to her."
Running, Jena jumped in the truck. Laughing the rest climbed in after her. "Back to US 53 and head north," Jena commanded.
Gilly saluted, "Yes ma'am!"
Unlike in her original exit, Jena watched the landscape. The road was lined with a tapestry of trees and well manicured farms until they again reached Merrillville. US 53 changed slowly as they progressed closer to Gary. Eventually US 53 gave way to Broadway Street. "Funky, funky Broadway" so went the song.
The Broadway Street in Gary was indeed literally, "funky". However, it was not always so. The steel mills that were once a mighty force belching sulfur and thick haze were now subdued to wisps of smoke that just made the skies dinghy. It was once the queen of Northwest Indiana, an oasis before reaching the ultimate queen of the Midwest, Chicago. Gary was known in the 1950's as the "City of the Century".
Just as the Jackson Five reached glory in the late 1960's, Gary all but collapsed. The gradual moving of U. S. Steel abroad caused the steel industry to decline. Jobs were lost — the economy plunged. Over fifty percent of the population left. Many retreated south down Highway 53 bringing a boom to the little city of Merrillville.
Gary was like a ghost town. Instead of sagebrush blowing down Broadway, there was trash. One could still hear occasionally a lonely train roaring as if it was trying to shake the taint of the once great city as fast as it could. Gilroy Stadium that hosted the Jackson Five concert, the United Methodist Church that boasted 3,000 members, and so many other great architecturally magnificent buildings all lay in ruin and decay. The marquee of a theater that boasted "Jackson Five live tonight" was swinging forlornly in the wind.
Although the family knew first hand poverty and misery, they were not prepared for the abject ruin of Gary. Jesse inhaled deeply. "It was a great place when I came through here with the Old Man. But now, now..." He just shook his head in wonder.
Then they spotted a rundown hotel, unique in the cleanliness around it and young girls hanging out outside. There was a hand painted sign in the window, "Still Waters, Inc.".
"Guess this is it," Gilly says slowly. They all look to Jena who surprisingly was smiling.
"Yes, Rosalee always told me that filth was not a necessary component of poverty. Well, let's unload, our destiny awaits!"
No sooner than they had parked, the bewildered girls were at the truck. Some of the gasped as Jena emerged. "Wow, she ain't no inspector. She looks like a movie star."
"Yeah," another one piped in, "she's beautiful".
Jena smiled at the girls making no attempt to push them from her. Instead she reached out to them. "Hello girls, I'm looking for Rosalee. Do you know her?"
They paused for a minute looking confused. Then one of the older girls said, "Oh you must mean Moma Rose. Gee, you know her?"
"Yes, said Jena. She was a moma to me once too."
"Really, you're kidding!"
"No she's not." Said a much older girl full with child who had come out of the building. "Ya'll get out of the way. I'm Wilma Jean. Ma'am I can take you to her. I got a feeling she will be happy to see you!"
Wading through the children the family followed Wilma Jean into the building. Inside was just as rundown as the outside. The walls were in sore need of paint but they were scrubbed clean. The hard wood floor was just as paint weary but there was not a stain on it.
Jena saw her before Rosalee saw her. Rosalee was sitting alone in her office at the back of the building. She looked incredibly sad, staring out into space with empty tortured eyes.
"Moma Rose, Moma Rose. Here is a beautiful lady to see you. She says you were her moma once just like you're our moma now. Moma Rose."
Rosalee did not move, she continued staring. Jena almost moved to tears to see her in such a state. She could not believe that the once bright eyes were now so sad and desolate. "Sister Rosalee, Sister Rosalee, oh Sister Rosalee," Jena cried out fighting the tears.
"Sister Rosalee, it's me Jena. I've found you at last, it's me Jena." The family including Jesse had stayed in the outer room with Wilma Jean.
Rosalee started, blinked her eyes. "I once knew a beautiful child name Jena, She was so sweet and I was afraid for her. I never knew what happened to my beautiful Jena."
Jena flew to her and put her head in her lap. "I made it Sister Rosalee, I'm here, I've found you."
Rosalee looked down and lifted Jena face. "It can't be. No, no..." Then she looked at the beautiful face with tears flowing freely. "Hush baby don't cry." Then like a bolt recognition hit her. Almost throwing Jena to the floor.
"Jena, my beautiful Jena! It is you. It is you. You're older but I know your beautiful heart any where, oh Jena." Momentarily, the old flame sparked in Rosalee's eyes.
She stood lifting Jena with her and they embrace, Rosalee stroking Jena's hair. Releasing Jena, tears streamed from Rosalee's eyes. "Oh Jena, my sweet one, I am so sorry that you have found me in such despair."
Sitting down in the chair in front of Rosalee's desk and motioning for Jesse to enter, Jena looked at Rosalee in earnest; "Remember once you told me that I would know why I had to suffer and would be happy that I did. And I told you that I would see you again. It has all come to reality. Rosalee I've come to help, just as you helped me, Rosalee, I ... we can help."
"Yes I remember but you couldn't possibly. Oh Jena, I am about to lose all my beautiful girls. They told me when I came to Gary, that it would be impossible. But for years, Jena, I made it work. But now government grants are melting away. I can't afford the staff. Many of them stayed on even though I could not give raises or any benefits. I can't be angry with them, they have families of the their own. So many left to find better employment."
"I still thought with Wilma Jean, Martha, the cook, and myself that I could try to hang on. But Martha left three days ago. She was so very sad, but she had a much better offer in Chicago. Her husband found work there too. They had to leave right away or miss the opportunity. Oh, what I am going to do." Then realizing that she was all but raving.
"Oh Jena, I do apologize I don't mean to rant like this. I have forgotten my manners and just plain basic hospitality. You have people with you." Then looking around she only saw Jesse. "Weren't there more people?" She looked disconcerted. "I'm sure there were more."
Jesse smiling said, "I'm Jesse, Jena's husband. And yes, there are more of us. I imagine that Cook and Netty have found your kitchen by now. Your girls look hungry. And you'll find Gilly and his son, Ray, entertaining the girls with some very tall tales if I don't miss my guess."
"Jena's husband? Oh my, I am so pleased to meet you. What a handsome man you are. And you are kind. I can see it in your eyes. Oh what am I saying? You must think I am a basket case."
"Not at all. And I am pleased to meet you as well. Rosalee, Jena has told us all about what you did for her. You see I was the one who found Jena when she arrived at Union Station in Chicago. No need for the details of a long story now. We need to concentrate on your girls and you."
As if right on cue, Cook appeared smiling. Jena and Jesse smiled back knowingly at her.
"Come Rosalee. You need to eat. You looked starved." Jena said rising and going around the desk to take Rosalee by the arm. "You will find that Cook's food has some mighty restorative powers."
Rosalee unable to resist allowed herself to be led to the dining room. She was amazed to find all eight girls and Wilma Jean seated at their tables. They look up at her with bright appreciative smiles but kept eating.
Cook seated Rosalee, Jena and Jesse at an empty table. "Moma Rose, Netty and I have prepared something special for you, I hope you don't mind." Cook said as Netty came to stand beside her.
Looking at the food in front her, Rosalee found a steaming bowl of soup full of chopped vegetables and rice. Besides the plate where golden brown patties that she thought were pancakes. But upon closer examination, "Potato cakes," she exclaimed forgetting her despair.
When Rosalee tasted the soup, spices and herbs rocked her senses, "Oh my goodness. This is soooo good. I've never had anything like it. Chamomile, I do taste a hint of chamomile though."
"Yes," said Netty, "not much I had Cook put a tad in to calm you. Just a tad. Herbs, potions, creams, tinctures and the like are sort of my thing."
Rosalee again looking around at the girls who continued to eat with gusto. "We've never had food like this. And it's all..." Rosalee paused in amazement. "It's all vegan vegetarian! How did you know?"
Cook grinned, "Well first there wasn't any meat to be found in your larder. And most of us following Jena's lead have been vegans for years. Every now and then that rock head husband of mine has to have "real" fried chicken, but we are working on him."
"We thought Boca burgers were a real treat!" Rosalee said while attacking the potato cakes. "I'm so embarrassed. I usually don't eat this much, but, but could I have more, please?"
"Don't be. I'm Gilly, Cook's husband. Cook would think it an insult if you didn't ask for seconds. And while you're at it, honey..."
"Honey, nothing. You'd better get your hide in the kitchen and get busy!"
"Oops," Gilly grinned sheepishly. He was gone and back with more food for Rosalee, Jena and Jesse before Rosalee could say a word. Then he went back and returned with more food for Cook, Netty, Ray and himself. The girls were already on their seconds, Cook had seen to that.
"Jena, who are all these amazing people? Are they always so kind, understanding and helpful?"
Jena laughed, "Yes, they are my family and they have been this way from the moment Jesse brought me to them. Are you feeling better now? Do you feel like talking? We really do want to know how to help, Rosalee."
The girls had finished their meal and were obediently taking their dishes to the kitchen. "Wilma Jean, after the girls have cleaned the kitchen, please take them to the library so that they can do their homework."
"First, I want to thank all of you. In just the short span of this afternoon with bringing Jena, this delicious meal and yourselves, you have made me feel so much better. There is so much love radiating from each of you."
Everyone smiled and looked a little embarrassed. Rosalee continued, "Well, I will lay it out for you. I reckon talking won't hurt."
"The eight girls range from five to fourteen are all special needs. Some of them have learning challenges, some anger issues, and one has been abused to point where she is withdrawn and will not speak. I was surprised to see her at the table with the other girls. I usually have to take food to her. The State provides this building and nominal wages for a small staff. Still Waters, Inc. is a 501(C)3 organization."
"Wilma Jean is not one of my state charges. A couple of months ago, she appeared at the door, pregnant, raggedy, hungry, and very desperate. No, at nineteen, she is not a runaway. She was merely too old to stay a State charge. The "Home" where she resided just put her out with $200 when she reached eighteen. She found a room; they are cheap here in Gary. "
She did find work at the MacDonald's. She met a young man, who was also working there. They decided to pool their money and get an apartment. Everything was fine until she realized she was pregnant. The young man had said that it was okay that he would find a better job. He said he would take care of them."
"Three months ago when she got home she found a note that said he wasn't ready to be a father. He had left. She tried to go it alone but was turned out of the apartment. She made it for a little while going from shelter to shelter but she became afraid for herself and her baby. She was attracted to Still Waters because it was clean outside."
"As I was so short handed and couldn't bear to see her suffer, I 'hired' her for basically room and board. I have managed to get her in the County Hospital program so that she has prenatal care now."
"Now with Martha the cook gone and a review upcoming, I'm afraid I'm going to be shutdown. I really don't think I can convince the Inspector to let me stay open with no one except Wilma Jean who really doesn't quality as staff, even if she wasn't pregnant and myself." The faraway look was returning to her eyes.
Jena looked at her family and they all nodded that she could speak for them.
"Rosalee, what do you need to stay open?"
"What, huh?"
"Well, it just happens that all of us sitting in front of you need jobs. We are currently unemployed!"
"But I can't pay you, not even one of you!"
"Oh," Jena and the family laughed. "We don't need money, we have been hoarding money for sometime. We don't have child-care experience unless you count Ray. We have been smothering him for years. But we all are well educated. So if you don't mind a bunch of beginners who have just recently left the entertainment business."
Rosalee looked around at them a little cautiously, "Cook, you are an superb chef, you wouldn't happen to be..."
"Professionally licensed in Illinois and Indiana as a Chef." Cook finished for her.
"Heaven be praised! And one of you wouldn't happen to have any kind of degree in education?"
"Hot dog," Netty clapping her hands happily. "That's me I have associate degree in early childhood education. I am certified as a teaching assistant and counselor."
Rosalee was close to choking but looked at Gilly.
"Oh me. I ain't important I'm just certified HVAC and basic mechanics. I just keep the building and machines going, ma'am."
"You're not important, not important!" Rosalee was sputtering and then more clearly. "My dear man the lack of someone like you was what almost closed me down several times before. I have had men from goodness knows where to be on site as independent contractors, costs a bundle. Do you realize how hard it is to find a mechanic and certified at THAT?!!"
"Jena, I'm almost afraid to ask what your and you husband's degrees are."
"B.S., business administration and Jena has a bachelors as well in investment finance and is a CPA. We make money work for us." Jesse volunteered.
Ray not to be left out; added, "I'm studying to be a mechanic like my dad!" Gilly blushed.
"Goodness, yes!" Rosalee smiled at Ray, "two mechanics, I certainly couldn't ask for more!"
"Perhaps, you would like to know a little more about the business we were in. We staffed a gentlemen's club. It is respectable and of course is licensed as an entertainment facility in Chicago. We have no criminal records, no drugs." Jesse ventured.
You have the education and degrees I need. It's those certifications and clean backgrounds that's needed as well. Beginners are fine. All I can say those gents lost is my gain."
Then sobering from her humor, Rosalee reached out and took Jena's hands. "You all are real aren't you? I feel weak. What can I do repay you, what can I do to thank you."
"Hire us!" the family said all together.
"Done!"
Jesse looked at Jena and the group. "Isn't there something more we can do?" He said changing his focus to the worn walls and floors.
Jena caught it first and then the rest nodded vigorous agreement.
"Well, Gilly, I think your cavalry has just been recruited," Cook said beaming pleasure at her husband. Everyone except Rosalee, who sat looking perplexed, was smiling at Gilly.
Jena turned to Rosalee, "How would you like to move Still Waters to a large modern compound with a state of the art industrial kitchen? It's not far away. It's located on Lake Michigan near Ogden, Indiana."

I Am the Omega
Mrs. Alicia Wilkerson-Smythe, an Inspector for the Indiana childcare agency, was a chubby short bubbly but bossy woman. Her Native American heritage shone through in her red skin tint and her long thick black mane of hair. She was quite proud of her hair. As she emerged from her parked car in front of Still Waters, she deftly swung her hair out of her face with a quick flick of her head.
The girls paid no attention to "Mizzus" Wilkerson-Smythe's bossy attitude, they knew that underneath the fashionable dress and snooty air; was a woman who loved children. She greeted each one of them by name asking each how they were doing.
Over the years Rosalee and she developed a strong friendship. She had bailed Rosalee out of several tight reviews. She knew that this time it was going to be tough. The lost of some government grants had put a lot of agencies in danger of closing. She bit her lip; she really hated closing agencies where the owners truly loved children.
Rosalee had told the family to let her do the talking with Mrs. Wilkerson-Smythe. Also, Rosalee asked Cook to prepare a light snack for them; the Inspector enjoyed a good snack.
Over some dainty cookies and chocolate chips scones, Rosalee laid out her plan to Mrs. Wilkerson-Smythe. The inspector became so excited about the new staff and facility; she arranged to see the Lake compound the next day.
From there it was smooth sailing. Rosalee had warned everyone to let the Inspector do most of the talking. Her bossy nature also lent itself to knowing everything. The family already humble basically just smiled and agreed with everything Mrs. Wilkerson-Smythe said.
She decided that it was obvious that the largest home should be used for the girls. They would be housed two to a bedroom. "Sister Rosalee you can occupy one of the two bedrooms at the opposite end and put the most difficult girls near you. Since all the homes connect to this home and everyone lives on site, the girls are never alone. Oh this is more than adequate, I just love it "
After one of Cook's most pleasing dinners, Mrs. Wilkerson-Smythe was ready for action. "Ya'll just leave everything to me. I will have you out of that dump in Gary and here before the month is out! There will be building inspectors from the agency to check this out. But, there will be no problems. These structures all meet the permanent structure requirements." Looking at Gilly, she continued, "Man you followed code to the letter, tied down into concrete foundations, plumbing, electricity; I'm so proud of you!"
Gilly just grinned back at her. In spite, of her overbearing manner, she was really quite likeable.
Over the next days, it was obvious that Mrs. Wilkerson-Smythe was a woman of action. Inspectors appeared from everywhere. But Cook kept up with cookies and other delectables that put smiles on all of their faces.
She got an emergency order to condemn the hotel thereby making it necessary for Still Waters to move immediately. She even found a company to furnish the girls rooms complete with computers. Food was not a problem as there was still grant money from a federal agency. With the kitchen already equipped and meeting code, the rest of the home just fell into place with Gilly, Netty and Jena's additions.
Rosalee not one for luxury insisted upon moving her old furniture including her office to her new room. Jesse did smile a little at Rosalee's old desktop computer. She did not miss his smile, "I know it's old but so am I." They both laughed.
Mrs. Wilkerson-Symthe crowning achievement was to drive up, with all the girls in tow in a large brand new transport van. "I figured ya'll would need better transportation for the girls than that old thing Rosalee has had to suffer with. A gas card is in the glove box. I could only manage to get free gas for 6 months though. I tried for a year." Her face drooped a little.
Rosalee was quick to comfort her. "My goodness, the van itself is so outstanding and free gas for 6 months. Really, dear, you're just too humble. You just don't realize what a treasure you are!"
Mrs. Wilkerson-Symthe brightened immediately. Rosalee had years of practice with her. But truly, the Inspector was a treasure and worked hard because she sincerely wanted the best for the children that have been tossed aside like so much human waste.
Wilma Jean was presented to the Inspector as Jesse's niece. Jena and Jesse gave her one of the bedrooms in their home. In fact, because of Jesse's kind and understanding manner, Wilma Jean felt she could confide in him. Jena had watched Jesse counsel girls like Wilma Jean for years and knew that Jesse would be her best resource. Jesse just grinned. He said that minister's wife from Indianapolis had not missed her mark when she said he would be a champion for women.
However, Wilma Jean shocked both Jesse and Jena when she came with Rosalee one evening shortly before her child was due. She told them that she knew what she wanted to do with her life.
"You three have done more for me than anyone else in my life. Rosalee you took me in when you yourself had so little. Jena you have made feel so welcome, like your own. And Jesse ... " She took his hands. "You have made me feel so good about myself. Jena and Jesse, I want you to have my baby. No, don't say anything. I know that a couple as good as you two and the love you have for children ... for people would have children. So, I figured out that you couldn't have any. I don't know why - don't want to know."
"You see, I have been researching on the computer for the last two weeks. I have been chatting with an Air Force Recruiter. I've even taken tests online. It seems that I am suited for communications. I have been studying the technology and it suits me just fine. And even more I want to travel to see places that are on the computer. I want to be there, I want feel a real waterfall, I want to see real mountains ... I want to live!"
"Don't you see that all I am saying is about me? This pregnancy happened because I didn't know how to take care of myself not because I wanted a baby. Now with the classes from the clinic, I know better. Yes, I know I've had parenting classes but I don't want to be a parent. I want to learn, to travel and experience new things. There is no room for a baby in my life. I'm not sure that there will ever be. But I am sure of a wonderful couple that would love a baby, a baby boy. I am sure."
Both Jena and Jesse were stunned speechless. It was Rosalee who spoke first. "Yes, Wilma Jean, I can see that your mind is made up. You are not only saving yourself but you are saving the baby as well. You know as well as I do that your baby will be loved and have the best of everything. Besides, I have always wanted to be a granny!
"A baby," Jena sputtered, "Our baby, Jesse, our baby. A brother for Little Jake, Oh Jesse."
Jesse still speechless just nodded agreement. Nobody had said there would be a baby! Then Rosalee's last words hit them all, "a granny" and laughter punctuated with joy and love overtook the group.
All adoption legalities were complete by the time little Jesse Franklin, Jr. made his debut. At the birthing the baby was given to Jena and Jesse upon delivery. "I want the baby to open his eyes to his real parents. I want the baby to bond with you from birth." Wilma Jean looked at them with gratitude. "I feel like for the first time in my life that I can be me. I know that I am not bound because of my sex to a certain life. I have and can make choices. And I know I am giving little Jesse, Jr. a good home."
Some time afterwards, on a pleasant June night, Jena with Jesse and the baby were sitting on the beach watching the water ripple. "You see, Jesse," Jena said lazily. "Years pass and nothing happens, then bang, bang, happenings all over the place. This will be a spring to remember first Jake, Little Jake, then Rosalee, girls all over the place, we have a baby and Wilma Jean has gone to the Air Force."
Jesse reached over and gently rocked the baby's bassinet. "Yah, a lot of life impacting events happened this past spring," he agreed while he continued to rock Jesse, Jr.
Suddenly, Jena sat bolt upright, holding her head. "What is it, Jena?" Jesse alarmed.
"Little Jake, Little Jake!" Then she calmed down considerably. "I'm sorry Jesse, I just got a message from him. It's not bad. It's just that it was so loud, quick and now he's gone. Nothing."
"What did he say?"
"You know we say good night to each other every night. He just told me that his task is at hand. I won't hear from him for a while. That I should be strong, he will be coming to us soon."
Little Jake had not meant to startle Jena. He did not have a choice. Grandfather and Jane had appeared in his room demanding that he accompany them to the library. He knew by their tone that they could no longer be put off. He blasted the message to Jena because he knew after his confrontation with grandfather that he might not be able to. He did not want to worry her.
Next he blasted a message to Obadiah Washington who was waiting for word from him. Obadiah was one of his grandmother's clan. They were descendants of Guy Washington who was thought to be a Tennessee Cherokee. He could communicate with animals and had legendary healing powers.
Obadiah had come with Judith when they left Appalachia. Jacob V never knew that this seemingly foolish awkward gardener sworn to Judith was also sworn by Judith to their seventh son who in turn had sworn Obadiah to his seventh son.
Obadiah took Little Jake's rucksack and his old worn duffel bag both packed to bulging. He placed them in the back of his truck. He drove to where he could watch the front door of the mansion.
Little Jake took a skipping run to catch up with his elders. His manner was carefree and jovial. His father, Jake, was calming him psychically. They had prepared for this moment for years.
When he arrived to the library, he found his grandfather seated behind the large hand carved oak desk that sat in the back of the library. Jane was standing beside him.
Jacob V was still a very handsome man. His carefully coiffed dark ruby hair was streaked with hair that looked to be pure silver. Age agreed with the help of plastic surgery with Jane as well. Never a knockout beauty, she was nonetheless an attractive woman. Like Jacob V her presence was commanding and overbearing.
"Alright young man, cut to the chase. I'm tired of your pussy footing around. Where is your father? I don't give a crap about that little tramp Rebecca and those twins. I need him. WHERE is he?"
Little Jake just continued to smile at his grandfather. Jane mistook his smile for a smirk. She whipped around from her father's side to come face to face with Little Jake. Her face distorted with impatience. "You little snip. We're don't have time for your cuteness. We are tired of playing around."
"I don't have time for your cruelty. It's no longer fun and games, Auntie Jane - no more stumbling and falling." Little Jake's eyes flashed as he lifted his head. With a flick of his head he slammed Jane into armchair by his grandfather's desk. She could not move.
"What are you doing, how are you doing this? I can't move," she said terrified.
"I know that you think that you are an extension of grandfather, but this tête-à-tête is between grandfather and me."
Jacob V was on his feet, his eyes flashing darkly, "What the hell do you think you're doing? You let her go!"
"When I am ready, Grandfather."
"Of all the nerve, you little punk, I command you!
"You think so, huh! I am asking to sit down before you are helped down!"
Jacob V made a move to come around the desk at Little Jake. He never made it, Little Jake merely lifted his head and Jacob V found himself slammed and bound in his chair.
"How can this be?" Jacob V was truly amazed. "Jacob VI and you were to be mine to rule as I wished."
"For such an intelligent man, Grandfather, I am astounded by your ignorance. Great Grandfather Jacob IV and you so grossly misinterpreted the seven of seven beliefs. Had you examined it more closely, you would have known that no human could determine what the seventh son of a seventh son will become."
"But, but..."
"It's not difficult grandfather. You also erroneously thought that our powers would come only from you. You ignored grandmother and her clan viewing the Guy Washington clan as beneath your people. When in fact neither is superior to the other. We have talents from grandmother and her clan as well."
Jacob V did not reply. He merely sniffed the air as if anything from her was of no consequence. Little Jake did not pursue this line because he still wanted to spare Jane the agony of knowing that she was the unwitting tool in her mother's death. Additionally, Jacob V did not need to know of his father and his psychic abilities.
"Seriously Grandfather, in this world that is bulging at the seams with people, do you think that you could become like an ancient king? What are you going have father and I do, 'Push' people to have superior off springs? Do you think that you can give rise to a Greek godlike race that can dominate the world? "
"Oh don't bother to answer. It is my unhappy task to inform you that it is not possible. It is not even necessary for a super race to exist. As surely as the earth revolves around the sun, mankind evolves. We are becoming a different people with the birthing of each new child. We no longer need 'masters' to lead the 'dull' masses."
"Many have opened their minds and open hearts, Grandfather. The world population is moving towards embracing each other while eliminating ancient beliefs and taboos."
"What the hell are you talking about boy? What do you know of the world?"
"Jason, Grandfather. You called him as an abomination. And there was a time when he would have been ostracized. Now he is accepted as just another human being without concern for whom he loves. His husband and he have adopted a young deaf girl who could not talk. Their combined love for the child is helping her to learn to speak."
"Well la-de-da," Jacob V rolled his eyes. "What? Is this supposed to make feel me all warm and fuzzy? Boy I am talking about power ... the power to make and break ... the power to control! Get your father back here. I know what I'm talking about. Oh I'm not as dumb as you think. I know his 'Push' is greater than mine. And by God, boy, your 'Push' is off the charts. We can rule, if not the world then a big chunk of it..."
Little Jake laughed. "Oh, you're hopeless. The power of which you speak does not rest with you, Jacob VI, and me. Your most powerful son does not claim you as you rejected him."
"Powerful son, what powerful son. You say Jacob VI and you are not powerful. All the rest of them are a bunch of weenies!" Jacob V sneered.
"Jeremy!"
"Jeremy, that nasty little punk, powerful? Please."
Yes, Jeremy. Seven of seven has run its course. Your eighth son whom you treated so cruelly is now treated like a king."
"King of what? Punks and dorks?"
Little Jake ignored Jacob V, "You probably don't remember Jeremy's Nanny telling you the boy demonstrated a talent for art."
"What of it?"
"Long story short. He has become one the world's leading architects. Winning architecture's highest prize, the Pritzker, at his age is history making. He commands the attention of world leaders. Jeremy is the toast of high society; he has the connections that you desire and can only dream about. Jeremy's work will live on long after we are dust in the wind."
"Big deal. At least the Jacob V Johnson name will be immortalized!"
"How?"
"As his father, I am sure that people will look to me."
"News flash, Grandfather. Just as I told you, Jeremy rejects you. He changed his name to "Freeman" before he completed college. He has even altered his appearance; the only thing that he shared with this family was his hair and that he keeps dyed and cut very short. When asked about his parentage, he says that he is an orphan. He can just barely remember his mother, Judith. Jeremy's bio says he does not know who is his father. The only family name that will grace the annuals of history is 'Freeman'."
Jacob V became blood red livid. If he were a dragon he would have been breathing fire. "How dare he? Doesn't know his father. That little punk, I could have done away with him long ago."
"Just what you deserve, Grandfather. But Jeremy is only the beginning of the end. Save for the damage you did him as a child he is not a bad person. Oh yes, he knew about your women. He saw things that a child should not see."
Jacob V sneered. "How was I to know he would find secret passageways? It wasn't my fault that the little creep spied on me."
"It is ironic that you rejected him, your most talented son. However, that rejection while damaging him was also his salvation. If you had not shunned him because he did not fit into your game plan, you would have damaged him completely. As it is thanks to you he is arrogant, sexist and snobbish. However his talent allows him to transcend these negatives. Because of his talent he appreciates others with the similar abilities. Thus, he is giving something back. He very generously provides financial assistance to struggling architects - male or female."
"Oh, my throbbing heart," Jacob V, replied totally untouched by Jeremy's story. "So the boy is a weenie. We can get him on the right track."
"Sorry, Grandfather, that's not going to happen. I'm going to join my spiritual mother, and her family."
"Your spiritual mother? What bull is this you are talking? And who is this 'angel'?"
"Mother Jena!"
"Jena that piece of evil bile that I threw out of my house. She is the cause of Jeremy's sin. So the little bitch lives. And now you honor her with the title of 'mother' and say you are going to join her. Oh I see now, she is the cause of this evil plot that has turned your father and you against me!"
"There is no evil plot against you, Grandfather. There never has been. Jena inherited Grandmother's talent for unconditional love. Through the vicious pain you inflicted and had done to her unlike Jeremy she has never spoken ill of you. She is not powerful in the sense of commanding people and events. She possesses the magic of love. Sneer if you want to Grandfather. Jena's love is like a stone cast upon the water, its ripples embrace all that they touch."
Little Jake's kind demeanor coupled with the light in his eyes when speaking of Jena infuriated Jacob V. His rage erupted violently causing him to break Little Jake's hold on him. He almost jumped over the desk. Little Jake stood waiting for him. As soon as contact was made, electricity sparked and flared from them.
Jane also no longer under Little Jake's hold moved out of her chair to the window staring in horror at her father and nephew. Jacob V was trying to reach Little Jake's throat while Little Jake grasped the old man's head. The grandfather had a weight advantage but Little Jake had the strength of youth.
Little Jake forced Jacob V's head to his head. When their heads met, they screamed in unison. Violent sparks of deep red, yellow, orange and even the hottest white erupted from their joined heads. Jacob V fell to his knees holding his head. Miles away on a secluded Kenyan beach, Jake also fell to his knees grasping his head.
"It's gone. It's gone. The 'Push', its glow is not in my head." Jacob V was writhing on the floor. He was not in physical pain. The lost of his talent was the source of his agony.
Then utter horror hit the old man's face. "I've lost more than the talent, I've lost it all even the children. They are no longer of my blood and spirit." He looked up at Jacob VII, "How could you?"
"My destiny Jacob V is to end the Jacob Johnson seven of seven. There will be no more seventh sons. There are no more Jacob Johnsons with the talent of 'Push'. Yes your bloodline is ended. You are no longer my grandfather."
"With the contact I just made with you I have completely severed the Johnson progeny bond to you. We, all of the sons and Jena are no longer of your Clan. The surname 'Johnson' is just that a 'name'. You see, Jacob V, I am not the Alpha. I am the Omega!"
"Is there no one for me?" Jacob V spoke brokenly looking desperate. He was almost whimpering.
Jane collected herself and ran to embrace her father who was still kneeling on the floor too weak to stand. "I'm here Father. I'll never leave you. Oh Father." Jane crying buried her head in his chest.
"Jane is yours Jacob V. She alone has your temperament, blood and spirit. The two of you have always been as one."
"Jane, Janey." Jacob V whispered as he pulled his daughter closer to him. Fussing over her father, Jane helped him into a chair.
Little Jake was weak but he could not let them see. He father's voice also weak was telling him not to collapse. Little Jake stood straight very straight. His voice was strong, "Good-bye Jacob V, Jane. Remember I am the Omega."
The word "Omega" echoed through the large mansion as Little Jake made his way to the front door. Obadiah from his vantage point saw Little Jake stumble out. He was there before Little Jake nearly fell down the steps.
The boy was almost in a stupor. "Hurry young master Jake, there is no time to waste. Hurry." Obadiah half dragging the boy, as Little Jake was not small and Obadiah was an old man, to his truck.
"We've got to go before Jane realizes that you are as weak as you are. She's a crack shot and her temper ain't to be tampered with. I figure she's plenty mad about what's happened to her father." Obadiah said pushing Little Jake into his truck.
Obadiah barely had time to release the brake before the front door flew open. Red hair waving wildly about her head and her face a study of Medusa like fury; armed, Jane roared out of the door.
Obadiah hit the gas, tires screeching, the old pickup truck shaking violently, catapulted forward. Jane was screaming, cussing and shooting wildly. "You bloody little bastard Jacob VII. You had better never show your face here again."
Obadiah drove nonstop four hours from Galena, Illinois to East Chicago, Indiana. Little Jake slept the duration of the trip. Just outside of East Chicago, Obadiah rented a room in a back road hotel. The boy was clammy and pale. Three days Little Jake slept while a worried Obadiah watched over him.
In Kenya, Jake before allowing sleep to overtake him told Rebecca that it was done. Little Jake was safe with Obadiah and on his way to Jena. Rebecca pulled her husband closer to her smiling that her son was safe.
At the end of the third day, Little Jake's eyes fluttered. Obadiah was at his side instantly. "Hungry?"
"Yeah, I need to find Mother Jena."
"Do you even know where she is?"
"Uh-huh. They live on the lake."
Obadiah was able to convince Little Jake to eat and rest the night, as he was still very weak. Early the next morning at Little Jake's prompting, Obadiah was rousted out of bed.
Obadiah did manage to get some breakfast into Little Jake. When they both were seated in the old pickup truck. Smiling, Obadiah asked, "Where to young master Jake?"
"Ogden and a little east."
Even though the drive to Ogden was less than a half hour, Little Jake fought to stay awake. Upon arriving in Ogden, without warning Little Jake woke up telling Obadiah to turn right off the Dunes Highway onto the next road. Almost invisible from the main road, there was a sign "Still Waters, Inc. ahead".
The residents of Still Waters were just completing lunch. Cook and Gilly in excellent form had insisted that they dine "al fresco". Indeed everyone was in a good mood with lots of joking and laughter.
Jesse and Jena were playing with the baby when Jena inhaled quickly. She jumped up from the table. "He's here, he's here. Little Jake is here!"
At first there was confusion because Little Jake was nowhere in sight. Jena solved the mystery as she was running to the entrance road, not waiting for Gilly to get a vehicle. She was shouting "Little Jake" "Little Jake!"
The girls caught in her excitement joined her both running and shouting. The rest of the family got in the vehicle that Gilly adroitly secured for them.
Little Jake told Obadiah to stop. The old man looks puzzled, as he could not see anything but a dirt road.
"It's okay Obadiah, they are coming for me."
Obadiah lifted his head to hear on the wind that was alive with the happy shouts of his master's name. "But I'm sworn to you young master Jake as I was to your father and his mother before you."
"I release you Obadiah, I release you because I know your heart lies in Tennessee ... in Appalachia. You want to spend out your days there. You have fulfilled your oath to me. It's a new day, no more 'masters', Obadiah!"
Obadiah did not need to be told twice. For the first time in years he felt young and free. He all but hopped into the truck and swung it back to the main road. He did not spare the gas heading for 65 South to Tennessee, the land of red clay dirt and sweet green rolling hills.
By the time Obadiah made it to the Dunes Highway, Jena and the girls still running made it to the Still Waters entrance. They found Little Jake struggling to walk up the road. Jena with a new burst of energy was the first to reach him. Little Jake fell into her outstretched arms.
"Mother Jena, I'm home!"
And thus this fairy tale ends as they lived happily ever after!

Epilogue
Stooped with age, Henrietta stood alone on a remote windy expanse by the Mississippi just outside Galena. The sun glowed faintly orange as it slowly edged its way above the eastern horizon. The air seemed to shimmer and vibrate.
She like her ancestors had served the Jacob Johnson seventh sons. Jacob VII, the Omega, had destroyed the bloodline and spiritual bonds of all the progeny of Jacob V save Jane. The childless Jane as she truly was the kindred spirit of the defeated Jacob V became his sole heir. His lineage stopped with her. And with her Henrietta also childless was the last of the servant line of her father, Henry.
Henrietta inhaled deeply anticipating her task. She clutched the crate containing six bronze urns one each for Jacob I through V and Mistress Jane, to her chest. She marveled that she held a dynasty in her arms.
Slowly she took the oldest urn from the crate. She looked upward at the sky and removed its lid. Grasping the urn firmly she flung the ashes outward to the river. As the ashes left the urn, they froze in mid air and hovered above the water. Stunned, Henrietta gasped almost dropping the urn. She had not known what to expect. Quickly she recovered fearing more that her mistress would defy death to punish her if she failed as instructed to scatter the contents of each urn in the Mississippi.
Shaking she sat the empty urn back in the crate. Finding her inner strength as she took the next urn, she flung the ashes toward the first. These ashes lined up with the first Jacob's ashes.
Allowing the calm of her surroundings to overtake her, Henrietta proceeded to empty each urn, carefully putting the empty urn back in the crate. Each set of ashes lined up on the first, shimmering and hovering.
She paused briefly when she picked up her mistress' urn. Then she smiled joyously saying the words told to her by Mistress Jane: "the Clan returns to its roots, we are free!"
As she flung Jane's ashes towards the rest, the ashes rose higher, glowing and twirling causing the water to rise much higher than the bank where she stood. Before Henrietta could lower her arm, the ashes formed a circle around Jane's ashes. The entire mass flashed landward enveloping Henrietta and the crate of empty urns. The wave waxed tall, glowed violently and collapsed into the Mississippi within the moment of reaching its highest peak.
By the time a child was who running along the bank thinking he saw a blinding light reached the expanse, the Mississippi was peacefully churning its way south.

