



A DIVISION OF SOULS
A novel of the Mendaihu Universe



by Jon Chaisson




Smashwords 2nd Edition
Copyright 2015, 2016 Jon Chaisson




Also in the Mendaihu Universe:
The Persistence of Memories
The Balance of Light




Smashwords Edition
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be resold or given away to other people.  If you’re reading this ebook and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.  If you enjoyed this book, feel free to leave a review!

Table of Contents
Chapter One - 
Chapter Two - 
Chapter Three - 
Chapter Four - 
Chapter Five - 
Chapter Six - 
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve
Chapter Thirteen
Chapter Fourteen
Chapter Fifteen
Chapter Sixteen
Chapter Seventeen
Chapter Eighteen
Chapter Nineteen
Chapter Twenty
Chapter Twenty-One
Chapter Twenty-Two
Chapter Twenty-Three
Chapter Twenty-Four
Chapter Twenty-Five
Chapter Twenty-Six
Chapter Twenty-Seven
Chapter Twenty-Eight
Chapter Twenty-Nine
Chapter Thirty
Bridgetown Tourist Guide to Anjshé
An Anjshé Glossary
Acknowledgements
About the Author





CHAPTER ONE
Nehalé

dehndarra Né hra nyhndah.
Nehalé Usarai let out a nervous breath and slowly opened his eyes, fighting back a severe bout of vertigo.  The view from the maintenance walkway was certainly breathtaking, more so than he’d ever imagined…he’d seen the vidmat images and tourism apps countless times, but it was nothing compared to seeing the real thing with his own eyes, sensing it with his own soul.  He stood on the one hundred forty-second level of the Mirades Tower in the center of the city, the tallest building in Bridgetown, letting his soul take in every ounce of vibrant energy it could.  This city was his lifeline, his anchor to everything and everywhere.  The northern half of the nighttime Bridgetown Sprawl laid itself out before him, a miles-wide tapestry of boulevards and buildings glowing with life, both physical and spiritual, and he felt each one.  Thousands of illuminated thoroughfares laced through the city like golden chains, linking the islands of office towers and skyscrapers and suburbs spread out across the different districts of the city.
Its citizens were out en masse on this humid Friday September night, hundreds of thousands of souls, awake and aware of the world around them.  Masses of people cluttered the sidewalks of the main thoroughfares, keeping the vibe alive.  The late summer weather brought out all the myriad walks of life that inhabited this world, a cultural and spiritual interchange of Earther and Meraladhza that made up everyday life on Earth.  He could only wonder how it felt to know, to sense it all intimately, to know they were alive and breathing, what they were feeling, thinking.  As a Mendaihu empath, he certainly had the ability to do so…but he had not dared to intrude upon their privacy.  He could only speak to them, teach them.  Awaken them so they could further learn on their own.
It was almost a pity he wouldn’t be able to enjoy this energy flow for much longer.
Edha Usarai, he heard within.
Startled by the unexpected innerspeak of another empath nearby, he instinctively grabbed hold of a nearby guardrail to catch himself.  He hadn’t expected anyone to sense him all the way up here. Who is this?
I am Shirai, the voice said.  A female voice, speaking calmly and evenly.  Please, edha, take care on the walkway.  There are high winds up here tonight, and it is dangerous to be out there without being tethered.
Somfei, Shirai, he said warily.  I know who you are.  You must have scanned me wandering through the server banks earlier.  I assume you know why I am out here, then.
Yes, I do, she said, and lapsed into silence.  He wondered whether or not he had just been caught, well before he even started.  Shirai was a frighteningly strong presence in this area, bound and tethered to this Tower in her own way, and she could have had the Tower security on him in a matter of seconds.  She had hesitated, however, and that had made all the difference.  She had chosen to be impartial, as she had been programmed to be.
He let go of the guardrail again and leaned up against the black polycrete surface of the skyscraper.  You understand what it is that I must do, then, he said to her.
Yes, edha, she responded.  I understand.
“Good,” he said aloud, knowing she had already ceased communication.  “And so it begins.”
His eyes darted across the Sprawl.  I am doing this for all of you, he thought.  
He took a long, even breath.  A second, slower.  Centering his thoughts, his emotions, his spirit.  Balancing himself between the soul within, and all the souls around him.  Becoming one with the Sprawl.  And using the strongest innerspeak he could muster, one that could reach vast distances into the minds and the hearts of those who were able to hear him, he began.
To all who can hear me below, those who can hear me within, I pray you listen and prepare: This is a Proclamation of Cleansing and Awakening.
He paused to gauge the reaction.  Seconds later he felt a fast-growing number of spirits down there in that Sprawl, pricking up their ears and their soulhearing senses, listening closely.  Many of them just below in the Main Street Sector, but even more who could hear him to the northeast, in the Waterfront.  Enough for those to prepare if necessary.  He smiled, and continued.  
I proclaim this Awakening in the Name of the One of All Sacred.  I call forth the Spirits of the Mendaihu and the Shenaihu, the Holiest Spirits of Trisanda.  I call them both to begin the Awakening.
Let it begin!
He started with a summoning.  Nehalé closed his eyes and held out his hands, fingers wide, and took another very slow and deep breath.  He let his spirit reach out to the thousands below him, as if silently asking for their assistance.  They responded without question, sending their own gentle wave of life energy towards him, knowing full well what was to come, and welcoming it wholly.  He could not suppress a smile as the energy flowed into his open hands, at first a trickle but growing exponentially until he could feel the weight in his fingertips.  It felt like he’d dropped his hands in a swift river, the force consistent yet never destructive.  
…allei aiya, he said in gesture of thanks.  I bless all of you.
He stood there for a good few minutes, taking in all of the energy that he could safely handle and balancing it within himself.  He’d summoned this kind of power in the past, having performed countless Awakening rituals throughout his calling, but none to this magnitude.  He had faith in himself, knew he’d be able to keep this delicate balance of life and spirit within his own mortal skin, despite the pain and the damage he’d feel after the ritual was completed.  He had to have this faith…for he had faith in the one he was to awaken this evening.  This was all for her.
I do this for you, he said.  I do this for all of you.
His fingertips ached and his palms began to burn from the constant energy intake.  He was coming close to overflow at a frightening pace.  He’d summoned much more than he’d expected, but it still felt far from adequate.  Could he make this ritual happen with such a paltry amount?  He needed just enough to start it, enough to prime the cycle and get it flowing.  That had been his mission all along, and the reason why he was up here at this insane height.  He was going to use the natural flow of the spirit winds that used the Mirades Tower as its river.  All he needed to do was prime the Rain of Light and set it flowing at a faster pace.  The acceleration would do the rest for him.  Confident in his thoughts and actions, he closed off the summoning by balling his hands into tight fists.  Slowly he drew them back until they were directly in front of his heart.
dehndarra Né hra nyhndah, he said.  It is time to open your eyes.
He nodded once to himself, and pushed opened hands out into the air.  A shockingly intense wave of spiritual energy blasted out of them, the strongest he’d ever projected in his lifetime, enough to forcibly push him up against the Tower wall and nearly knock all the wind out of him.  The pain in his palms was exquisite...it stung like all hells and he'd have scars afterwards.
Almost immediately the Tower began to tremble in response.  It began as a subtle vertical shifting, but seconds later it grew in intensity to the point where he could feel a thick vibration under his feet, the plates of polycrete scraping and windows rattling all around him.  He crouched slightly and adjusted his aching arms for balance, riding the vibrations as they passed.  He couldn’t let go, not just yet.
Suddenly, and a hell of a lot quicker than he’d been expecting it, his inner sensing felt a surge of spiritual energy welling up within the Tower, pressing against its black polycrete skin, threatening to burst.  The rattling intensified, an earthquake within the walls that could explode and cast Nehalé off with it.  Skittering a little to his left and shifting the energy flow to one hand, he grabbed a railing with the other and gripped it tight.  This was all expected, however.  It wasn’t going to be a quiet ritual, not by a long shot.  He shut his eyes and prayed to the One that his strength would hold out. Minutes ticked by as the spiritual energy swelled and fused and pushed, frantically searching for an escape.  He couldn’t disconnect until the Rain of Light increased the flow on its own.
Not yet… he whispered within.  Not…yet…
Down below, the thousands of spirits whose calm attention he’d attracted had begun backing away, taking and guiding others with them.  They may not have known what was coming, but they understood the consequences of being too close to the Rain right now.  They were protecting their own souls and those around them.  They were embracing this Awakening, just as Nehalé had expected.  They knew what was going to happen, any moment now.  They knew the importance of this ritual, and anticipated its outcome.  They would not deny themselves the pleasure and the rarity of sharing this with the spirit it was so obviously for.  If she was to be a part of this, they would also be, without question.
Finally, far away in a quiet northern sector of the city, Nehalé felt something shift.  He felt it within, a movement of Light and spirit, a soul stirring for the first time like an unborn child kicking within the womb.  He shivered, first with surprise and then with elation.  It was time, now.  He let go of the handhold and lifted his hands one last time, palms open, and slashed through the air with a violent downward thrust, severing his own connection with the Rain.
Awaken!  He cried out, to all who could hear.  Awaken!
And the Rain of Light responded, furious and unrestrained.  The air tore around him, slamming back into place with such force it sent a shockwave out into the city.  Nehalé screamed, a guttural, primal scream of pure emotion he could not hold back.  His soul felt as if it was being forcibly torn out of his body.  He had anchored it the only way he could, to the Tower and the Sprawl…and he did all he could to make sure it stayed anchored until this was over.  Down below, he felt hints of confusion and fear; lights flickered, transformers blew; windows rattled and shattered.  Cars and transports stopped quick, tires squealing on pavement.  Pedestrians stopped midstride and nearly fell.  Then —
First came the spirits...and for a brief second, the pain. Oh, Goddess, the pain!  Within the ancient spirits, and within the spirits of the millions of lives surrounding him, the release of forgotten barriers crashing down before him.  It sent a wave of unbridled energy shooting up into the night sky.  It washed over him, through him, coursing through his nerves, pulling at his own soul and threatening to tear it free.  He let out a cry, doubling over, fighting it before the pain claimed him.
Finally he heard — and felt — the second clap of thunder, much louder and deadlier than the first, created by the displacement of air as spiritual energy suddenly became an enormous physical, bleeding crimson cloud, threatening to rain down on the sector below.  The shockwave pushed Nehalé flat against the tower.  It held him fast, forcing him to take short breaths until the pressure weakened.  Eventually he managed to push himself up and off the wall, coughing and reaching for the railing again. He looked out over the city, his heart racing and his head spinning.  The crimson cloud still held its place, circling quickly around the Tower, just a few levels below him.  It held there like a thick fog, translucent yet no less ominous.  This was pure spirit surrounding him now, a force beyond anyone’s imagination…and it was angry.
And for a second, again, he felt the pain.  Nehalé felt the pain of spirits, Meraladian and human alike, screaming, writhing —
Then, just as quickly, the pain of spirits lost.  The feeling of essence ripped, siphoned out of him in an instant.  He doubled over again, and did not lift his head again for many more minutes.
I...I apologize, dearest beloved spirits…
Time started again.  He regained his bearings, and felt the sudden change in wind direction and temperature.  The chill had been replaced by a stifling heat, nudging him against the Tower's side….and doubled by the bitter sting of the taken spirits.  A sting that would stay with him forever.
But he felt it.  Love.
Thousands, millions of Bridgetown citizens…suddenly waking out of slumber, or slowing in the street, or stopping in their workspaces…millions of citizens, feeling something, but not quite understanding what it was they felt.  A curiously warm, protective feeling, but with a darker edge.  A sudden awareness of their surroundings.  A humbling compassion, but for what or whom they did not yet know.  Then, just as quickly, it faded into their subconscious, before they could find a name or an emotion for it.  But something had been altered…they knew something was there now.  They were aware.
They had been Awakened.
Yes…yes!  Nehalé trembled with joy.  He could sense each of them now, fully and clearly without any hindrance.  A veil had been lifted…the gauzelike barrier that divided so many souls in this world had dropped away to nothingness, revealing the true spirits within.  Each one of them could see now…truly see, for their inner senses had been cleansed and their eyes opened.  They could now understand the true familial and spiritual connection between the Meraladhza and the Gharné.  They were truly free, these followers and protectors of the One of All Sacred.
And now they, each and every one of them, could sense him as well.  And they would be following him soon, eager and hungry for direction.  And he would be there for them, always.
...and out there, somewhere in one of the sections outside the shockwave’s reach, past the cacophony of newly found inner voices down below, he felt her.  The young woman, stirring and waking out of slumber, had crawled out of her bed with a feeling of sleepy disorientation, and stopped in her tracks halfway down the hallway, unsure of why she’d gotten up.  He felt her growing concern, a nagging in the back of her mind that something had happened, something that had affected her deeply, yet she couldn’t quite understand what it was.  But she would, and soon.  She was awake, like many of them now.  Through his tears, he smiled again.  His ultimate mission had been successful after all.
The One of All Sacred, he thought.  You have awakened…you are among us now!





CHAPTER TWO
Caren

Caren Johnson found herself in a faded version of the den in her childhood home again, sitting on the wide couch against the southern wall, hands on her lap, waiting for everything to fall into place.  She surveyed the room and recognized each item from her past—the tall windows to her left that looked out over their meager back yard, the old lopsided recliner her dad loved so much, the family photos that hung over the mantel on the north wall.  One of the windows was slightly open and a cool draft swirled around the room.  The house was quiet, other than its usual clicks and creaks as it continued to settle on its foundation.  She was in her spirit world again, her lumisha dea of memories and emotions, and her place of inner peace.
Across the room, the translucent ghosts of her parents stood side by side in front of the brick fireplace, just underneath their family portrait, Celine’s arm resting in the crook of Aram’s right elbow…a rare physical showing of love.  She warmed to this view, desperately happy to see them again each and every time.  She had always wanted to join them in that embrace whenever she met them here, but she never dared.  Instead she stood up and waited, reverent and patient.  She knew this recurring visitation well.  She had healed enough from their passing that this reunion had become a rite of passage.  She had grown to accept it, even look forward to it.  It was her last remaining connection with them.
Karinna, her father said.  They always used innerspeak, the voice within.  The true voice of the soul.  The voice that could not lie.  We’re so proud of you and Denysia.
Our lovely daughters, her mother said.  Aram…they’ve done so well.
I miss them dearly, he said.  I wish we could just be with them again.
I wish I could bring you back, Caren said, wiping a stray tear away from her eye.  Damn it all, why did she always cry when she saw them?  She was so much stronger than that!  I love the both of you so much.
Her father held up a hand.  Shh, Karinna...it’s okay, we know.
Please, Karinna, her mother said.  Please.  Listen.  You are going to have to be strong for us.  For Denysia.  You must remain her anchor, no matter what.
She stared at them, suddenly afraid.  They’d never interrupted her before.  Wait…what do you mean? What is happening?
It’s time to awaken, he said, and smiled.
“Caren?” the young girl murmured.
She twitched and slammed back into reality with a snort.  Groggily she opened her eyes to a semi-darkened room that felt too warm.  Her younger sister Denni stood patiently at the end of the bed, an unsure hand resting lightly on the corner bedpost as she waited for her to return to full consciousness.  Caren sensed it wasn’t exactly an emergency, but she couldn’t help but wonder why her sister had come to wake her.  She glanced at the clock on the bedside table…a little after one in the morning.  She’d gotten almost three uninterrupted hours of sleep.  Damn if that wasn’t a new record.
“Caren?” Denni said.
“Mmmm,” she croaked.  She rubbed dry, stinging eyes with the heels of her palms.
“Did...did you just call me?”
Caren exhaled a half-yawn.  “No, Denni.  Go back to bed.”
Denni frowned and held herself close in the semi-darkness.  “I thought I heard you calling my name.  You know, that name.”
Caren froze.  She rarely called her Denysia, her Mendaihu name.  Their parents had given the both of them such names to remind them of who they were.  They were sacred names, ones she would never use without a reason.  She would not have called out to her in her sleep.  “No,” she mumbled with a little more force than necessary.  “Nope, wasn’t me.  Go back to bed, kid.  You got school tomorrow.”
Denni held back her words and snorted in frustration.  “Sure.”
She closed her eyes and heard Denni leave.  Belatedly she thought her visit was a bit odd and unexpected...the girl was in her mid-teens now, and she’d outgrown the childish habit of barging in quite a long time ago.  Maybe she’d had a troubling visit to her lumisha dea tonight as well?  Denni had been visiting it frequently lately, but it was nothing worrisome; she was merely growing up with the hint of Mendaihu blood in her.  Letting it go, she rolled back over on her stomach and buried her head under her pillow, hoping she could get at least another few hours’ worth of sleep.  She willed herself not to think of anything that would get her brain going again, or she’d be wide awake for the rest of the night.  She chose to focus on her sister’s nearby presence instead…that always calmed her.  As long as she knew where she was, and that she was safe, everything was right in the world.
Not five minutes later, she sensed the wave of terrifyingly strong energy heading in their direction.  
She recognized that wave signature instantly and shivered.  She was up and out of bed a second later, rushing down the hallway towards her sister’s room, but she was too late…the wave hit her squarely in her chest and sent her reeling towards the wall, head spinning.  She cried out as it bled through her spirit like ice, awakening every nerve in her body, and she was powerless to stop it.  Goddess, someone had just…!
Seconds later she cried out again, this time in unbridled anger. Someone had performed one hell of a powerful awakening ritual in her city, and right now, thousands of people were feeling the exact same deep pain.  She spat and cursed loudly.  This was going to be her job for the next day, week, month — hell, this was going to take years to put right.  Goddess, the fallout was going to be a fucking mess!  She swore again, looking down the darkened hallway.  Denni stood at the other end, just outside her own door, leaning up against the opposite wall and staring blankly at her.
Oh Goddess…Denni…
“Stay there,” she called out.  “Ride it out. Wait until it’s over.”
Denni nodded slowly and pushed herself flat against the wall, forcing herself to breathe slowly and evenly.  Caren could barely move herself, caught as she was in this soulhealing, but she fought through it and guided herself along the hallway towards her, step by agonizing step.  She confirmed the energy signature now...an awakening ritual.  She’d witnessed many in her time and been involved with them, but never one this extreme.
Her parents had been warning her of this at her lumisha dea.  Of this, a forced awakening upon the city.  On her people!  Her fear returned to anger again, even as the ritual coursed its way through her soul.  No one had the right to enforce an awakening on anyone against their will, and someone had just broken that cardinal rule.  She was pissed at herself for not catching this person sooner…this was her city, her watch.  This was her job and her fate with the Mendaihu blood within her.  She should have stopped this bastard before…
…before it hit her sister.  This should not have happened.  This should not have happened.
Be strong… she heard her mother say.  For Denysia.
With a final shudder, the wave crested and calmed, leaving the two of them out of breath and utterly drained.  Caren pushed herself forward and landed against the opposite wall, next to Denni.  She reached out caught her sister’s hand and held it tight.  Denni, can you hear me? she said in a quiet, even inner voice.  She knew the girl could hear her…but she needed to know.  Are you okay?
She shivered and nodded.  She’d felt something but she wasn’t quite sure what.  “I…I think so,” she said aloud.  “…you?”
She nodded, and pulled her sister into a tight embrace.  Only then did she let down her guard, shuddering and tearing up.  “I’m fine, honey…I’m fine…”

*

Alec Poe, her Alien Relations Unit partner, arrived soon after the shockwave subsided, and let himself into Caren’s apartment.  Together, the three of them stood in front of the wide living room window, staring at the unnatural halo now surrounding the Mirades Tower.  They stood there wordlessly for a good long while, trying to make sense of what had just happened.  The sanguine glow bathed her face…it was warm, like fire, and just as radiant in its energy.  Almost comforting in its own strange way.  There was no defined edge to the cloud, and she couldn’t tell exactly where it had originated, but it seemed to have kept itself within Main Street Sector, halfway up the Tower.  She stared at it both in fascination and horror…it looked like the sky had begun to bleed.  Instincts kicked in: this had to be energy fallout…someone had released something dangerous.
Finally she exhaled.  “One of All Sacred...”
“Something like that,” Poe said, and lit up a cigarette.  The glow of the lighter caught his unshaven face at an angle, highlighting his strong jaw line and making his hazel-blue eyes sparkle.  She nearly scolded him for smoking in her apartment, but the alien glow outside made her think otherwise.  The point would have been moot.  His own nerves must be shot right now.  She didn’t like his smoking habit, but it was his one stress release.  She dug up an old coffee mug from the breakfast nook across the room and handed it to him.  He graciously nodded, flicked fresh ashes in, and smiled.
She looked at her hands; they were trembling.  Her whole body trembled.  She couldn’t make herself stop...this was her fear.  And the last thing Caren wanted was for Denni to see her this way…she couldn't let Denni down.  Taking a deep breath, she put on a brave face and glanced at Poe.
“What the hell happened out there?” she asked.
“Mass Awakening Ritual, but I figure you’d guessed that already,” he said.  “Farraway called me soon after it happened.  Thought I'd offer you a ride to headquarters since you were on the way.”  In reality, her apartment was in the exact opposite direction.  But they were partners, and if he came to pick her up, personal safety was a concern.  It was better for her to be in his car than alone on her motorbike.  He gave her a look that meant there were more things he had to explain, but not in front of Denni.  She understood and nodded.
“Swell,” she said behind a yawn, and started gathering her uniform together.  She wouldn't make too big a deal out of this either, at least not until they were on the road.  “So what do you think — is it being contained, or is this cloud working its way somewhere?  I mean, I'd like to know whether or not I should put my belongings in spatial storage.”
Poe grinned at the weak joke.  “No, it's contained.”  He looked out the window again.  “Interestingly enough, it pretty much contained itself.”
She stared at him.  “Really?  How does that work?”
“It contained itself two miles away from the Tower at all points.”  He flicked ash into the coffee mug and made a circular gesture.  “A perfect circle.  Like it was deliberately stopped before it could expand any further.  Or hit a barrier.”
She frowned.  Not what she wanted to hear.  “Casualties?” she asked.
He shot a quick glance at Denni, weighing his words.  “I, uh...I don’t know that yet.”
She grunted, pursing her lips in frustration, and headed into the bathroom to change into her uniform.  It only took a few moments, but she deliberately took her time so she could think everything over.  It was one thing to feel the aftershock of a major awakening ritual, but it was quite another for it to cause spiritual bleedover.  It had been one hell of a strong energy blast, strong enough for the shockwave to hit her apartment nearly seven miles away and as hard as it did.  This was definitely going to be a bitch of a case.  She continued preparing herself for her job with a determined sense of purpose, even at this time of night and with so little sleep.  Despite her frustration and exhaustion, she would never permit herself to be on duty without her heart in it.  She checked her utilities, adjusted her overcoat, and returned to the living room.  She loved this city, despite everything she loathed about it.  It was her community, her life.  And she did this most of all for her sister.
Ah, Denni…Caren’s heart broke every damn time she had to do this.  She pulled on her long overcoat and stepped back out into the living room.  She gave Poe a look that meant he and his disgusting cigarette had better retreat before she threw him out.  “Right,” she said quietly.  “Just give me a minute here.”
Poe nodded and stepped out into the hallway, closing the apartment door behind him.
“You have to go,” Denni said flatly.
Damn it all, the attitude wasn’t helping.  “Yeah, I do.”
Denni glanced at the window, the reddened sky reflected in her eyes.  “Do what you have to do.”
She bristled, stung by her words.  “Den, I —”
“Sis, it’s okay,” Denni said, facing her again with a forced smile.  “I know the drill.  I’ll be okay.  I can take care of myself.”
Caren finally gave in, nodding.  Denni was growing up.  She was fifteen already and extremely self-reliant for her age.  She’d stopped being the precocious five year old brat ages ago, and had matured considerably since their parents died.  She could be just as angry, just as lost and frustrated as Caren herself, and she also knew how to make the best of a bad situation.  She pulled her close into an embrace, kissing the top of her head.
“Go back to bed, kid,” she whispered.  “I’ll call in the morning.”
“'kay,” she murmured.
She pulled away, but could not let go of her, not just yet. “Be good.”  
Denni smirked at her.  “Oh, please.”  She pulled away and stumbled over to the couch.  “When do you think you’ll be back?”
Way too damn late, by the looks of it.  She refused to look to look out that damn window to hazard a guess.  “I really don’t know...late morning, midafternoon, I hope.  I’ll call if it’s going to be longer.”
Denni stretched and began sinking down onto the pillows.  “’kay,” she said, stifling a yawn.
She watched her sister stretch out lazily, surprised and perhaps even a little worried.  Perhaps she was exhausted by this rude awakening, but she couldn’t help but think there may have been more to it.  She didn’t have time to think about it though, not with Poe waiting for her.  “Take care, kid,” she said.
“You too,” she mumbled, slumber already beginning to take over.  “Love you, Caren.”
“Love you too, honey.”  She leaned over and gave Denni another peck.  She smiled and took Caren's hand, squeezed it, and let go as they parted.  She turned off the overhead light and shut the door quietly, and with a heavy heart and shaky breath she walked away, closing and locking the apartment behind her.  Poe was at the elevator doors, staring at his feet and wringing his hands.  She knew he hated to tear them apart like that.  Any other time and Denni would have come first, no matter what, and he always stood by that.  And she silently thanked him for it.

*

They drove towards the Branden Hill headquarters of the Alien Relations Unit in silence.  Caren was in no mood to talk, and thankfully Poe chose not to say anything.  She stared out the window as they drove through the district, annoyed by the lack of any new information from their director, or from anyone else for that matter.  The ARU radio frequencies were a chaotic mess, street patrols yelling over each other as they tried to make sense of what had just gone on downtown.
They drove past the main campus of Spender College, and she wasn’t exactly surprised to see a large number of students milling outside on the grounds, smoking or talking.  They moved warily, as if they’d all witnessed the awakening firsthand.  She had to be seeing a relatively small percentage of students at that moment…Branden Hill was the academic center of the city, housing over a dozen colleges and schools large and small and the autumn semester had just started.  The youngest would be the most affected by this ritual, and although the school was well out of the range of the crimson mist, no one knew just how far the spiritual wash had reached, or how strong it had been at this distance.  She could only hope those kids would be able to grasp what had happened and not lose themselves in the process.
They pulled into the circular driveway at the ARU complex minutes later.  The underground garage was desolate and unnervingly quiet.  Very few vehicles remained from the evening shift…Caren wondered where everyone had gone.  Perhaps some were at the scene already?  Or they hadn’t been called in yet?  They heard the rear exit opening and closing and a few footsteps heading down the stairwell to a lower level.  A few ARU cruisers also drove by at a coasting speed, their occupants waving as they passed.  They had to know about the cloud out there…but they’d shrugged it off as another busy night at the HQ.  Perhaps she’d read them wrong?
“This doesn’t feel right,” Caren said, her voice small in the cavernous garage.  “You’d think we’d be All Hands by now.”
The footsteps were heading their way.  Nick Slater, part of Poe and Caren’s second unit, emerged from the stairway threshold and joined them, exhausted and sore from a long shift.  His ARU uniform was sweat-stained and rumpled, and he held his overcoat over his shoulder.  There were dark circles under his gray eyes, and his short black hair was a flustered mess.  “Most of night shift is Downtown covering initial triage, but it’s not being labeled an emergency,” he said.  “No one else was called in.  We may be going this one alone, the four of us.”
She frowned at him.  “Seriously?  A ritual like that?”
Nick shook his head and shrugged; he wasn’t happy about the situation either.  He cleared his throat and rubbed at eyes with the heels of his hand.  “Sheila and I just came from downtown for initial recon,” he continued. “The cloud is spiritual bleedover from an awakening ritual, that much we already know,” he said.  “Low levels are harmless.  I’ve seen it before, down in South City, when the Shenaihu have their own rituals now and again.  At this level, though?  We’re damn lucky it wasn’t ground level.  We’d have had a shitload of casualties.”
Poe lit up a cigarette, bemused.  “Granted, it should be harmless, at least for us, anyway.  Spiritual bleedover dissipates within the hour, so this should be gone by morning.”  He heard the faint echo of squealing tires navigating a parking garage switchback, and glanced over his shoulder.  “Is that Sheila I hear?”
“Yeah…we’re clocked out and going home,” he said.  “We gave Farraway our report, you two were copied.  There are witnesses in there who swear they recognized an energy disturbance before the blast.  Tuned to Mendaihu essence.”
Caren winced.  “That can’t be right.  They wouldn’t pull something like this.  A proper awakening ritual, sure…but never something this catastrophic.”
“That’s what we’re all thinking,” he said, “but that's what we're up against here.  Either a renegade Mendaihu, or someone's decided to start something big.  And dangerous.”  
He began to say something else, but the revving engine of a car coming up behind them drowned him out.  A white unmarked patrol car pulled up alongside them, window sliding down and a mass of curly reddish brown hair popping out.  Sheila leaned out and waved, an icy smile on her lips and fire in her dark brown eyes.  She was not exactly in the best of moods.  “Welcome back, you two,” she said.  “Farraway’s inside waiting.  Nick fill you in?”
Caren nodded.  “Hope you two know a back way back to Glover Court.  Traffic’s real sa’im rhade towards downtown.”
Sheila smiled at her and winked.  “You know me, I find a way.”  She waved at her partner and opened up the passenger side door.  “Let’s go, Nick.  Time to get the hell out of here.”
Nick hurriedly said his goodbyes and climbed in.  Poe hummed and took a drag from his cigarette, watching the car pull away and snake around the last switchback.  “Interesting,” he said once they were gone.
Caren caught the expression on his face—he was scowling.  “Mendaihu?” she ventured.
Poe snuffed out the cigarette on the pavement.  “Yeah.”
She did not say anything more about it.  She had expected a renegade nuhm’ndah to be behind this, not the Mendaihu.  She nudged him towards the entry elevator.  “Come on, let’s get this over with.  We won’t find answers down here.”
They took the main elevator up to the fourth floor, still unsettled by the quietness.  Neither said anything, but it was just as well, because Caren’s mind was already running in several directions, full of unanswered questions.  Never mind asking who was behind it…what was their motive?  Why an awakening ritual, and why now?  Who were they awakening, and why?  Was there someone in particular they were aiming for?  Were they aware of the strength of ritual, and how many potential Mendaihu they may have affected?  And why would a Mendaihu willingly perform a ritual of such magnitude?  Was it to goad the Shenaihu into acting in kind?  And if so, how would that unfold?  She shook her head and forced herself to stop before she went crazy.  The answers would come in due time.
“I’m getting a headache already,” Poe said, cutting the silence, apparently reading her thoughts as the elevator doors slid open.  His brow was a deep scowl, his focus not on the desolate hallway but in an undefined middle space ahead.  “I have a few…” he trailed off, tapping a forefinger against his lips.  He shook the thought away and exited the elevator.
She knew better than to ask.  He was probably fielding the same unanswerable questions.  She’d gotten used to his unfinished sentences, understanding that it wasn’t so much distraction as it was his way of playing the thoughts out.  He’d often start saying something, only to stop after a few words when he realized it wasn’t the direction he wanted to go in.  It was a little unsettling and frustrating, but he’d say what was on his mind sooner or later.
They found Chief Inspector Dylan Farraway’s office door slightly ajar and very little light spilling out.  The Chief wasn’t one to dwell in darkness when things got heavy; he was a man who wanted the entire room illuminated with very little shadow.  He paid attention to detail, and he wanted to make sure it was seen not just by him, but by anyone else who came in.  But when they pushed the door open, they found his anteroom almost completely dark.  His assistant Ellie had gone home for the evening quite a few hours ago, and apparently he had not bothered to call her back or get a secondary to fill in.
“He’s been here all night…?” Caren said, her voice just above a whisper.
“Wouldn’t be the first time,” he said.  He gestured at the light below Farraway’s inner office door — a sliver of dim light at the bottom.  If he was in there, he was too blessed quiet about it.  He prodded at Caren’s shoulder and pointed at the door.  She lifted her hand to knock, but held it there for a second, opening it up and exposing her palm.  At the tips of her fingers, she felt a weak yet distinct wave of personal energy coming from within, much of it centered near the area where the man’s desk would be.  He was within, and he was fine.
She knocked quietly.  “Sir?” she called.  “It's Poe and Johnson.”
Farraway’s voice was unexpectedly calm.  “Come on in.” 
She turned to Poe again, this time with concern.  He frowned, and gestured to the door.  She pushed it open and found Farraway standing behind his desk, leaning against the low back of his chair.  He acknowledged them with reddened eyes and a weak smile, and slowly, painfully, pushed himself up straight.  He was clearly exhausted.  Behind him, through his window and through the foyer, everything was bathed in a desperately beautiful shade of deep red.
“Sir?” Caren ventured.  “Is everything okay?”
His dark brows arched, as if the question were out of place.  “Me?  Sure, Caren.  I'm fine.  Just out of energy.”  He studied the two of them for a few seconds.  “Both of you are fine?”
She bristled.  “Sir…?”
He waved the question away.  “Never mind, forget I asked.  Obviously you two came in on little sleep, and you know why you were called in.  As of this moment, all of your open cases have been reassigned to other officers — this ritual has become your priority.  Your only priority.”  He paused briefly, letting out a slow breath to measure the words for his report.
“Let’s start with a timeline: Twenty minutes before one, we started getting heavy energy readings from sensitives in the Main Street Sector — some Shenaihu, but mostly Mendaihu.  They thought little of it at the time, as it happens every now and again at a meditation service.  There just happened to be a scheduled service in the eastern portion of McCleever District at that point in time that was running late.
“At about ten to one, a few Mendaihu contacted the ARU to report hearing an innerspeak voice announcing a ritual of some sort.  Again, they thought little of it, as most awakenings and cleansings are contained within a small area.
“And at exactly one o’clock, countless sensitives — including human, non-spiritual sensitives this time — had heard the word 'awaken'.  That report’s been confirmed by numerous ARU officers as well.”
Caren shuddered.  Had she heard it...?
“One,” Poe said, looking straight at Farraway.
Farraway scowled at him.  “Excuse me?”
“The One of All Sacred.  I heard the voice as well, sir.  Whoever it was must have –”
He waved that away quickly.  “Don't even entertain the thought, Poe.  Coincidence.  This sure as hell couldn't have been a Rebirth.”
“We can’t rule it out yet,” he countered.
Farraway dismissed the comment and continued, grabbing a hardback folder from the desk drawer.  “At the moment, we’re still getting numbers on victims.  Police and Fire are taking care of any damage and injuries, leaving us free to deal with our side of the investigation.  This is what we have so far, including Kennedy and Slater’s report.”  He dropped the folder on the desk in front of them.  There were two vidmats within.  “All sources pointing to a Mendaihu performing the ritual.”
Caren held back the same anger she’d felt earlier.  “Why would they do this?”
Farraway pondered that for a moment, shrugging.  “A rogue Mendaihu...or even a group of them...bent on soul awakening?  I wouldn't know the reason.  I've never known the Mendaihu to be paranoid.  If they did this, they had a damn good reason.  Someone or something is threatening them.”
Poe shook his head, scowling at him.  “See, that’s what’s bothering me.  The Shenaihu wouldn’t willingly start a spiritual war…not this kind of war, one of this size.  Why the hell would they want to threaten —”
“It wouldn't be the first time,” Caren interrupted.  “They've always found one avenue or another to disrupt the balance.  Probably, hopefully, not as intense as the last time, but I wouldn't rule it out.”  It was a weak response, but it was too personal for her not to bring it up.  “I concede, it's not like the Mendaihu to instigate.  Either we've got a paranoid Mendaihu, or an amazingly prescient one.”
Chief Inspector Farraway's eyes moved between them.  For another long moment he said nothing.  Caren and Poe understood his silences meant deep concentration on the subject at hand, but they still carried the uneasiness of emotions on edge.  “Do what you think best,” he said.  “I want the two of you to keep it shut, though, and shut tight.  I don’t want anything distracting you or your team two.  I’ve also assigned two Mendaihu agents who are coming in tomorrow.”  He tapped at the keypad on his desk, entering even more information into their personal vidmats.  Farraway switched on one of the flat viewing sheets and turned it in their direction, and instantly the holos sparked to life and stared back at them.  They had the long black hair, dark eyes and wide oval faces of the Shalei clan.  Their records were full of accolades and recommendations spanning years.
“Agents Akaina and Ashyntoya Shalei from the NewCanta chapter,” Farraway said.  “They contacted me soon after the incident to offer their services.  I accepted.  They'll be in early tomorrow.  And I'd like complete cooperation from all of you.”
Caren started to respond, but halted when she saw the coldness in Farraway’s eyes.  He’d expected some kind of reaction out of her.  Did he think this would dredge up unwanted emotions regarding her parents?  “Of course, sir,” she said unevenly.
‘Yes, sir,” Poe answered with a nod.
“Good,” Farraway said, finally turning away.  “In the meantime, I suggest you familiarize yourselves with the case, get in to the mind of the Mendaihu.  The research library is still open, and Fancher’s already brought up all you need.  That is all.”







CHAPTER THREE
Shirai

dehndarra Né hra nyhndah.
Shirai opened her eyes to a universe of spiraling dataflows within the Mirades Tower, and felt the countless energies washing over and through her, exciting her very essence.  She let out a startled gasp, the rippling and buzzing sensations unexpected.  She’d been here at the Tower’s confluence and felt these same waves countless times in the past.  She was used to experiencing self-awareness within the Tower’s internal and external constructs, used to the human senses of sight, sound, and touch, programmed into her own being, so this physical excitement should have come as no surprise.  And yet…what was she feeling?  Why had she not felt it until this very moment?
An external influence, she surmised.  A virus injected into her coding?  Highly improbable…her firewalls would have stopped any such foreign intrusion well before she’d have become aware of it.  Her presence was as pure as it had always had been.  There was no corruption.
She found this new consciousness very intriguing.  As the Tower’s resident artificial intelligence, she was well accustomed to strange goings-on, whether in the public or private datastreams, or in human life — real life to humans.  She understood the actions and the thought processes of humans and Meraladians, and how to interpret and react to such things.  She had been programmed to be impartial from the outset, able to come up with her own individual opinions and thoughts, but also able to understand when and how they would be needed.  She’d been beta tested, versioned, and upgraded to the point that she alone was the human race’s pinnacle of AI technology.  She had even been given virtual prehensility to let her ‘grasp’ or manipulate physical objects within the Tower and its immediate area to a limited extent.
Something was new here.
She felt.  
She felt.  
With a shiver of unexpected joy and curiosity, she realized that was the answer: she had been given sensation!  She could truly feel those energies flowing through the Tower, trillions of bytes of information and electricity flowing through their mapped highways, not just as actions, but could understand what they were doing and why.  Something new had been added…no, that wasn’t it.  Perhaps something had been turned on, or upgraded?  She had suddenly become aware of her own presence in relation to the rest of the network, a sensation she had not felt in the past.  She no longer sensed herself as just a part of it, but separate from it.
Curiously, she thought of it as an awakening of sorts.  Could this awareness be related to the awakening ritual she’d witnessed just minutes ago?  That in itself had brought up troubling questions.  As part of the security protocols of the Mirades Tower, her programming should have stopped edha Usarai before he’d even approached the elevators.  Someone had overridden those protocols, but she could not confirm if he had been the one to do so.  She could only confirm that it had been an external influence.
Her programming urged her to investigate.

*

Two hours later, she grew concerned.  According to her research, edha Usarai’s awakening ritual had directly affected thousands within a two mile radius and hundreds of thousands more in the rest of the city in the ensuing shockwave, with a dangerously high probability that it would continue to expand within the next forty-eight hours and affect even more.  She had a Tower server run an algorithm to give a closer estimate of possible future incidents, and would expect the answer within the next few hours.  In the meantime, she would continue to research her main concern: the reasoning behind the mass awakening.  She already knew who had performed it.  The fact that he had chosen the same level as her main processors was not lost on her.
Had she been affected as well?  Had an AI been granted a spiritual life?  Was that possible at this time?  And why had he chosen her?  The answer brought her back to edha Usarai again…he had given her awareness for a reason.  Furthermore, her spiritual awareness was not a newly created living thing; chances were high that an existing soul had been placed within her somehow.  This, of course, brought up a secondary question: whose soul?  Meraladhza or Gharné?  Mendaihuza or Shenaihuza?  Again, the same question: who?  Whom had she become?  She would need to think about this more.  Protocol meant she would need to report this to one of the many think tanks within the Tower that could research and theorize further, but that could pose more problems than answers.  They would surely bring her offline, and she couldn’t have that, not at this time.  Given the current situation, she would be needed for extra security and knowledge, and possible mediation.  Her thought processes had not been affected by this ritual, only her sense of awareness.
Her initial research complete, she understood what she needed to accomplish.  She would need to bypass all levels of security and inform the Provincial Governor.  He was due to broadcast a briefing within the next few hours and it was imperative that he know this information. 








CHAPTER FOUR
Provincial Governor Rieflin

It was nearing three in the morning by the time Provincial Governor Anton Rieflin stumbled upon a rare quiet spot in the hallway of his offices, and stopped to rub the burning exhaustion out of his eyes.  The night had turned into one unrelenting clusterfuck here at the Tower, but he couldn’t show weakness, not just yet.  The hallways and foyers had been filled with nervous senators and councilors and aides who had been here since mid-evening, skittering like hungry mice from one office to the other.  Far be it from him to know what the hell they were doing exactly, chasing back and forth like that.  Business safety precautions?  Governmental procedures?  Covering their asses?   Weren’t they supposed to be at their desks, doing their damned jobs?  
Goddess…this renegade ritual had thrown everyone out of whack, and that troubled him more than the ritual itself.  They’d followed procedure the best they could, given the proximity of the ritual, and he had to at least give them credit for not doing anything stupid or catastrophic.  They were blessed lucky that the ritual hadn’t affected anyone within the Tower’s walls.
In fact, it wasn’t until public reaction surfaced that things started going south.  The avalanche of calls, emails and flashvids crashed the comm servers twice within the first hour.  And once their worries had been heard, tagged and logged, it was time for the corporate world to weigh in.  He failed to see a connection between an awakening ritual and someone’s profit line, but as Governor he had to listen anyway.  Luckily, they were much easier to calm down than the general public and those conference calls had been mercifully brief.  But he was running out of steam…he’d need to decamp to his office or his quarters for some sleep pretty soon.
Now was not that time, he realized bleakly, as soon as he saw Jack Priestley walking down the hallway towards him.  His first instinct had always been to run off in the opposite direction whenever he saw the man, yet protocol and his own stubborn will reacted otherwise.  One did not brush off a representative of the Crimson-Null Foundation, not without repercussions.
Anton had to stoop a bit to face the man.  While he himself was an exceptionally tall and lanky man nearing seven feet, Jack just cleared five feet and appeared sick and frail, though that was merely an effect of his genes; on the contrary, he was extremely shrewd and quick-witted, and could pace you without breaking a sweat.  He was an offworlder from Hallera that he’d known for quite a few years.  The sickly pallor came from the previous generations of his family living within Hallera, the Meraladian-made satellite world not far from Mannaki.  By nature they were not agoraphobic, but just the same did not often venture outside.  Jack looked as if he hadn't seen a sun in decades.
He was actually quite amiable at the best of times, but he was the last person Anton wanted to run into right now.  If this man was here at the Tower, it meant that this ritual had affected more than just the city and its inhabitants and businesses…it meant that it might soon become a CNF concern.  The Foundation was essentially his bosses’ bosses—the financial and political overseers of Earth and curators of its relationship with the other joint Meraladian-Earthworlder planets in the union.  And if they wanted to get involved in this, there may be more dangerous implications to this ritual than previously thought.
“Jack,” he said, with all the pleasantry he could muster at that moment, which honestly wasn’t much.  “I admit I wasn't expecting you here so soon.”
Jack nodded with a smile equally lacking in emotion, and offered no explanation for his arrival.  “This little event took the CNF quite by surprise, Governor.”
Anton nodded slowly.  “Took us all by surprise, Jack.  No doubt about that.”
“I intend to find out who is behind it, sir,” he said in a quiet but forceful voice.  That was Jack; no pretense.  “I've set up here on the thirty-ninth floor.  When you have the chance, I would like to discuss the situation and what your plans, if any, may be.”
Anton hid his annoyance.  If any?  “I’ll do so as soon as I can,” he said.  “In fact, I’ll be holding a special session of the Provincial Governor’s Council later on today, either late morning or early afternoon, depending on when this all calms down and when the others get in or sign on.  It’ll be in the same place we usually meet, in the Andiri Room.  You’ll be there?”
Jack frowned as he nodded.  “Yes…yes, I’ll be there, sir.  Thank you.”
Anton glanced down the hall momentarily.  Now was a good time to escape.  “Listen — I’m going to be hiding in my office for the next few hours to get some work done.  Give me a call some time later this morning, and we’ll go over everything we have so far, get this all straightened out.  Sound good to you?”
Jack nodded.  “It’s a plan, sir.  I’m listed on the vidcam directory if you need me.”

Hours later, Anton stood at the window and watched the dawn trace the long shadow of the Mirades Tower across Bridgetown.  The buildings and complexes below him stood majestically and silently, bathed in the crimson-yellow of an autumnal sunrise, waiting for the new day to begin.  An orange BMPD helicopter buzzed the Tower in front of him at a close but respectable distance, following its usual path of morning rounds.  It acknowledged the Tower aviation control beacon with the repetitive single click of its undercarriage light, a sign of no emergency.
No emergency, Anton thought skeptically.  He craned his neck and looked up as far as he could into the blue, cloudless sky.  The crimson fog, whatever it had been, had dissipated as the night wore on and now there was no sign it had ever been there in the first place.  He’d barely seen it himself, unable to see much of anything between the dark evening sky and the beacons of light shooting off the Tower’s antenna array.  Perhaps a slight discoloration of the air, which he’d at first attributed to his imagination and lack of sleep.  It had only lasted for about two and a half hours, and by four in the morning it had completely vanished.
Believing the threat to be over for the time being, he’d holed himself up in his private office and caught a half hour’s rest on his couch.  It wasn’t much, no more than a catnap, but it was enough for him to rest his eyes and calm his nerves. He’d scheduled a meeting of his provincial council to commence as soon as all members had arrived or at least had logged in, and by five that morning they’d gathered in the Andiri Room on the eighty-first floor.  About half of the members and guests, Jack Priestley included, had arrived in house, the others joining via vidmat.  He hadn’t planned on making any progress with this initial meeting; this was more about intelligence gathering and getting everyone on the same page.  A lot of disparate rumors had been shuffled back and forth throughout the evening, and he needed to weed out all the false leads as early as possible before he could make any further decisions.
He’d been informed early on that the ritual was performed by a Mendaihu working alone, and there were a number of names already floating around as possible suspects.  Finding the man was the job of the Alien Relations Unit at this point.  What he wanted to know was how the hells this man had gotten up there in the first place.  Like everyone else, he knew that performing an awakening ritual was an extremely sensitive endeavor.  It had to be contained within a finite space and controlled at all times.  To recklessly awaken an untold number of people without even performing a closure at the end was not only dangerous but potentially lethal to those affected.  The man was damn lucky that he was able to complete the ritual and keep it from getting out of hand.
And now Anton had to deal with the aftershock.
Mendaihu, he thought with a shudder, as he turned away from the window and back to his desk.  Why did the ritual have to be performed by a damned Mendaihu?  Not that he would have liked it to be a Shenaihu instead, but still…to show such recklessness and irresponsibility, especially given the timing!  This was a dangerous time to be provoking imbalance between the Mendaihu and the Shenaihu…it had been a quarter century since the last uprising, and this man’s actions could have dire consequences.  The last time there had been an uprising between the two spiritual factions, there had been bloodshed.  He’d been just a junior senator at the time, those twenty-five years ago, and just the same, he did not want to relive those memories.  As long as it was possible, he would keep this from becoming an all-out spiritual war.  He would rather outlaw these spiritual differences altogether, impossible as that was.
Mendaihu.  The One of All Sacred help us all.
He stepped back out of the small conference room, finding it no less comforting than his office, and into his front offices.  His secretary Mina had completely ignored him as she had been trained unless it was a pressing matter or he sought her attention.  She was a jacker, just like most of the upper governmental office clerks, working better without the idle chitchat of their employers.  Jackers juiced nanotech into their nervous system by way of a neural implant to connect with the virtual world, able to swim the ether while conversing with the real world at the same time.  Mina, however, had never been much of a conversationalist to begin with.  She had an immense library of knowledge in her head…but just preferred not to talk.  She was quite possibly the most unassuming person he had ever employed.  It made him wonder who she really was, behind that introvert façade.  He knew she was Gharné, an Earthworlder human, she lived alone near Branden Hill Park, dedicated to her job…and that was about it.  But who was she?  Was she truly the quiet, lifeless person he’d hired?  Was she Mendaihu or Shenaihu?  And belatedly, he thought: could she have been affected last night by the ritual?
The distractions helped clear his head somewhat.  He stopped at Mina’s desk and asked if she had any updates since the meeting’s end.  She was surprisingly forthcoming.  “Nandahya Mirades sent you a packet with the latest information she could gather,” she said.  “She’s also given you a list of anyone who may have been involved with the ritual.  General Phillips needs to know if and/or when his troops may be needed for security purposes.  Jack Priestley is, of course, requesting follow-up every thirty minutes.  Your speechwriters have finished the latest draft, which I’ve uploaded to your workspace.  That’s just in the last hour, sir.”
He groaned at the news and rubbed at his temples.  “Damned if I know the answers,” he said, more to himself than to his secretary.  He bristled, having been reminded about that speech…he’d have to break the news to the province, whether or not he had all the information.  “How long before the news conference?”
“Approximately forty-five minutes, sir,” his secretary said.  “Additionally, I’ve been informed that the speechwriting team is finalizing the schedule for State of the Province speech.  I’ve taken the liberty of uploading the latest State speech to your tablet as well, in case you need to edit.”
“Thank you, Mina.”  He was glad that his request for pushing the State Speech out a few days had been accepted…everyone had agreed there clearly was not enough proven information to present to the public.  For now, he felt confident about this news conference.  All he needed to do was let Bridgetown know that it was under control.  Tired but satisfied, he retreated to his office.
He’d only just taken a few steps when his assistant cleared her throat.  “Sir...” Mina said, her voice cracking slightly.  “I’ve just gotten a ping from Tower Central.”
He paused, frowning at her. “Central?” he said unevenly.  “I just spoke with them.  What do they need now?”
“Shirai would like a moment of your time,” she said quietly, avoiding eye contact.   “She's…eh, she’s already waiting in your office.”
Shirai...?  What did the Tower AI want with him?  She rarely came over to his part of the building, only entering the government offices when requested.  She considered herself an integral part of the business world, especially for the major firms with home offices here in the Tower, but she was only an observer when it came to politics.  For her to show up in his office this morning, unasked, meant there was more…much more to this ritual, than anyone had expected.
“Uh...thank you, Mina,” he said with all the calm he could muster.  “That will be all.”  He slipped through his inner office door and locked it behind him, something he rarely did.  He noticed a slight tremor in his hands as he approached his desk, and balled them into fists.  As promised, he found his hardback vidmat placed dead center on his desk with the speech document open.  He was too nervous to pick it up right now, and moved it aside.  He delayed the moment by scanning the rest of his office for anything out of place, or a visual presence of the AI, physical or otherwise.
“Shirai?” he said into the air, his voice pitifully small.
“I am Shirai, sir,” she said, her voice unexpectedly centralized to the area right in front of him.  “Thank you for taking the time to talk, Governor.”
He cleared his throat and started again.  “I wasn't sure if you were still here.  I don't think I've ever had the pleasure of meeting you.”
“I am Shirai,” she repeated, and slipped into the brief preprogrammed introduction she shared with all her interactive users; her voice was mature and conversational.  “Artificial intelligence unit and protocol security system for the Mirades Tower.   Reimos Mirades of EdenTree’s Biotech Division created me twenty-five years ago.  My original programming assignment was to monitor server overflow, but I have expanded my knowledge and reach to include net security and intelligence trafficking.  I am often called for economic and political mediation.
“I have limited emulated conscience to maintain impartiality.”
Anton exhaled, unaware he’d held his breath.  Genuinely impressed, he lowered himself into his chair and looked up into the air to pinpoint the voice's origin.  “I assume you have a holo identity on this side of the Tower?”
“Of course.”
Shirai blinked into existence in front of him, casually leaning over the back of a guest chair.  She appeared to be in her early twenties, slightly younger than he’d expected.  She had long, shoulder-length black hair that responded correctly to any head movement she made, and wore business casual, a sky blue button-down blouse with a black skirt and leggings.  He noticed belatedly that she was wearing a necklace with a small pendant shaped like two intersecting circles.
“I...I'm impressed,” he stuttered.  “By the level of detail, I mean.  Forgive me for staring.”
Shirai's smile glittered.  “I find it a compliment, sir.  Not many care to see me in my true holo form.”
He nodded uncertainly.  “You're...”
“Young?” she laughed it off.  “It was my father’s choice.  Now…shall we have a chat?”
Anton nodded amicably.  “Of course.  What is it you'd like to discuss?”
Angelic, Shirai swept around the chair and sat.  He couldn't be sure, but he could have sworn that the seat cushion gave in slightly to the nonexistent weight.  He relaxed in his own chair, leaning to one side and propping his chin up with a fist.
“Governor,” she started, her voice dropped low.  “I took the time to read over the speech before you came in.  Crimson-Null Foundation guidelines state I am fully authorized to do so.”
Anton nodded.  “I expect no less.  Are there any points I may have missed?”
Shirai looked straight at him with raised eyebrows.  “Sir...” she stumbled, as much as an artificially intelligent holo could in reaction to emotional confusion, and frowned.  “Sir, I feel I should inform you that what you are about to say to the press, the city and the rest of the province, is sorely lacking in credibility.”
The room went cold as he stared at her.  “Would you like to elaborate?”
Shirai waved to calm him down.  “Don't get me wrong, sir.  Factually, it is true and correct.  I've checked and referenced everything thoroughly.  It's the motivation that bothers me, sir.  There are glaring omissions.  They do not diminish the speech in any way, but I'm at a loss as to why they are not included at all.  Clearly this has echoes of another uprising between the Mendaihu and the Shenaihu, yet that has been neatly avoided.  I am hoping the Foundation has not decided to gloss this over.”
He slowly and nervously sat up in his chair.  “Shirai, I —”
She eyed him, bemused.  “No need to respond, sir.  I gather from your reaction that my deduction is correct.  But surely they remember what happened twenty-five years ago.  An event like this could surely trigger another event.”
Anton did his best to cover up both his shock and embarrassment as he scrambled for an answer.  “Oh, that we remember well, Shirai.  But it's the enlightened citizens who remember it most; they were the most affected.  Not the other eighty per cent of the population.”
“Precisely,” she said.  “Your speech apparently is not aimed towards the Mendaihu or the Shenaihu at all.  I am sorry, sir, but I must suggest you revise immediately.”
“Shirai...”  He dropped his eyes.  “I'm afraid the CNF won't allow me.”
She pursed her lips and nodded.  She did not need explanation.  “Given the situation, I am sure many are already aware.”
He frowned at her.  “What is that supposed to mean?”
“Sir, with respect, you don't need me to answer that.”
Anger flared within him, but faded equally as fast.  He stared at her, thinking about her remark.  In all honesty, he was starting to get a good idea as to why this particular awakening ritual had been performed, taking place on the Tower as it did.  Her reaction only managed to back that up.  “Point taken, Shirai,” he said.  “But I refuse to go out and make a speech to an entire province when I don't have the all the details.  Unless I hear from the ARU, the Embodiment theory stays out.  Honestly, I'm almost certain you’re right, but I can't base fact on mere human certainty alone.”
That seemed to placate her.  “I understand, sir.  As long as you were aware of the situation.”
Unexpectedly, the speech vidmat beeped and awakened from sleep mode, and a new dialogue frame had opened.  Had he just inadvertently awakened it?  He glanced down and watched the words go by…no, this wasn’t his speech, this was a new document uploading to his vidmat.  He waved at it to minimize the frame and glared at Shirai.
“What is this?” he asked, surprised more than angry.  He held his pose, frowning at the screen.  “You have no authorization to access private decks and vidmats without permission.”
“Not for private homespaces or secure servers, sir.  I've linked directly, only to the vidmat before you, and created a generic document which I have not saved to the server.  I believe you may need this information in the immediate future, sir.  If you choose to save it or discard it, that’s completely up to you.”
He frowned and reopened the frame, and scrolled back to the start of the document.   He scanned the text, only to stop at the end of the first paragraph:
We must face this Awakening Ritual head-on.  We should not just focus on who performed it, whether they be Mendaihu or Shenaihu…nor should we only focus on apprehending them, for it will do nothing to calm its intended purpose.  We must focus on the true motive behind it.  This was a Holy Ritual of Spiritual Awakening, performed by one of the strongest adepts in the province, and I have already measured its reach, which is already well past the initial shockwave.  This was a mass awakening on a global scale, and mirrors the same ritual and aftereffects of twenty-five years ago.  Which can only mean one thing: this ritual was meant to awaken the Ninth Embodiment of the One of All Sacred.
Goddess, he thought, a chill running down his back.  “This is your work?”
“This is evidence, sir,” she said soberly.  “Expect a resurgence.”
Anton was struck dumb for a long moment, his eyes wandering up to hers, then back down to the vidmat.  He let out a nervous chuckle.  If this is true...!  It was not what he'd expected at all.  The One of All Sacred, awakened again?  He couldn’t believe it.  He began scrolling through the pages of Shirai’s document, gingerly flipping each page as if it were dangerous to the touch.  Shirai was incorruptible as an AI, and her programming was heavily guarded both physically and electronically, so chances were extremely high that this information could be thoroughly confirmed as true.  This was dangerous information…Anton felt his stomach drop and forced himself to back away from the vidmat.  He couldn’t read this, at least not until he knew what to do with it afterwards.  He turned back to Shirai, but found no words.
“The Mendaihu and the Shenaihu will act soon, sir,” Shirai said.  “According to what I've just given you, there’s no reason for them to wait in silence any longer.”
Goddess!  Anton stared at her.  How the hell would she know?
“I understand that you'll do what you can, sir.”
“Shirai...” he managed.
“I am sorry, Governor Rieflin.  But you had to know.”
“But —”
“You will understand very soon, sir.  Now—I believe you have an important speech that you have a little under an hour to prepare for.  I will keep in touch with you, sir.”
Shirai blinked out of existence just as quickly as she had entered.  Anton stared blankly at the spot she had sat in, suddenly terrified.

*

“Ladies and gentlemen, emha si edha of the province of Bridgetown and surrounding provinces; members of the Crimson-Null Foundation, the Bridgetown Metro Police and Fire Departments and their subdepartments, and members of the press.  Thank you all for coming or connecting.”
Anton stood behind the podium, quickly wiping a bead of sweat from his brow and nervously scanning the crowd before him.  Shirai’s words still hung on his conscience…he wanted, so desperately now, to divert from the script in front of him and speak from his heart, speak the truth for once!  He'd reread the speech four times since Shirai left, and it sickened him each time, knowing he’d have to play by the rules out of fear.  Not exactly his fear…but everyone else’s.  The CNF counselors had taken his words, a speech he’d slaved over on his own for six hours straight until he knew it was perfect and true…and in return they’d given him yet another lifeless, go-by-the-book piece of talking point drivel.  He sighed quietly, frustrated by his own lack of spine, knowing there was little else he could do at this moment.  All that was needed was his fatherly gaze upon the crowd and a knowing look of intelligence for the cameras.  He was good at that…he’d been trained well, and he’d had the practice over the years.  The speech spoke for itself; he knew the pattern by heart.  Introduce yourself, gently bring up the problem, make them believe it’s not as bad as they think, pad it with promises, and tell them we’ll keep them updated, he thought.  Nothing but empty words.  His only consolation was that they’d decided not to go full-on with the fear route, giving him a blockbuster of a speech that would scare everyone senseless so they’d do the work behind the scenes in relative peace while the populace stayed paralyzed.  If he’d had his way, though, he would have flat-out refused their script before even setting foot in this room.  That time had passed, and the community needed an answer.  He had to give them something, even if it wasn’t the full truth.
It’ll be truth enough, he reminded himself.  He adjusted the lapels of his jacket, looked out over his audience, and continued.
“Mere hours have passed since the crimson cloud of an Awakening Ritual surrounded the Mirades Tower.  Mere hours we have spent, questioning, studying it all: who was behind it and wondering, ‘why the Tower?’  Mere hours, sifting through the situation for answers.  Who could have performed a ritual of such magnitude?  What could their motives have been?  Were they even aware of the consequences behind their ritual?
“Citizens, I will say first that both the Mendaihu and Shenaihu Elders, and many other spiritual leaders worldwide, all find this act deplorable, and have graciously stepped forward to assist in the welfare of anyone who has been affected, directly or indirectly, by the shockwave created by this ritual.  At the end of the speech, your local networks will run an interactive list of all leaders and Elders should you need help.
“We do have a shortlist of suspects right now, and a course of action is being planned by the Branden Hill District Headquarters of the Alien Relations Unit at this very moment.  It is our understanding that there are eyewitnesses and spiritsensers, both Meraladian and human, who have witnessed or been impacted by the event, and many have come forth to give their side of the story.  We are hoping to have the suspect apprehended and this case closed by the week's end.”
He paused, taking a breath to calm his nerves.  All this was true, all of it helpful…but it just was not the real truth!
“As for the shockwave...” he started again, calm and introspective.  “Reports say that the shockwave lost most of its strength nearly two miles from its epicenter, the Mirades Tower, according to ARU ground and FireFlighter aerial observation.  Most of the physical damage is condensed in the half-mile radius around the Tower, where the shockwave was strongest.  Many of the skyscrapers in the immediate area took the brunt of it and because of this, damages were at a minimum.
“We do not have a concrete number of lives possibly lost from the night before, though initial reports state there were no fatalities.  It is the lowest in history when compared to similar spiritual incidents in this city, including the schisms of twenty-five years ago.  
“The souls of Bridgetown were being watched over by a Supreme Being last night, it seems.”
Anton paused and took another deep breath.  It was a contemplative pause, one he’d mastered so perfectly during these speeches.  He added to it by taking a quick sip from his water glass.  He hated putting on this act…but given the situation, he didn’t think it would have made any difference.  For all the public knew, this had all been a freak accident.  Well, then, he thought.  Let them believe that for now.  They’ll find out sooner or later.  They always do.
He took another breath and continued.
“As of now, the Crimson-Null Foundation takes no active role in the investigation, aside from observation and assistance when needed.  It is certain that Bridgetown is not under any kind of attack from terrorists, human or alien.  All corners of the BMPD, the FireFlighter Department and choice Mendaihu and Shenaihu agents have taken this case under their wing to help bring this case to a swift close.”
“Ladies and gentlemen, the end to this investigation is coming swift and fast.  Many of the investigators involved have eliminated many of the dead ends that had plagued them over the past six hours.  I commend their efforts, and I am confident that their work will be fruitful within the next twenty-four hours.”
Anton paused again, eyeing the audience.  It was here that his ghost-editors had ended the speech with something flowery and consoling, something safe and patriotic to calm the public’s fears until the next time…with absolutely no mention of what the Awakening Ritual may have actually been for.  Now that he knew, however, the temptation to tell the public was fierce, but he understood the consequences that would bring.  A tightness knotted his throat.  He dearly wished that Shirai's prediction would be flat-out wrong, completely off the mark, yet he felt the truth behind it.  It was unexplainable, this instinct he felt; it was a truth that dared to be wronged.  His thoughts couldn't conjure up an answer to the dare, and his conscience refused to.
Maybe less than twenty-four hours, he thought.  I can't keep this hidden.
Sitting near the front, alongside the press corps, he saw the frail form of Jack Priestley, frowning at him.  He shuddered, hoping no one had noticed.  Jack had edited most of Rieflin’s speech himself, turning it into the sterile piece of crap that it was.  Well, the little man now had the best seat in the house.  He exhaled slowly, and stared straight into the vidcams set up in the rear of the room.  This was the unscripted moment, and he wasn’t going to let it pass him by.  If he was reprimanded afterwards, to hell with it.  His conscience would not let this pass.
“As an aside…” he started unevenly.  He cleared his throat and started again, editing Shirai’s words in his head as he went.  “…I have also received reports that there are people gathering at an undisclosed location within the Waterfront District, for what is being billed as a peaceful demonstration, a vigil of sorts to pray for and help those affected.  Though permission had not been granted by myself or by my officers, in light of recent events I have chosen to let the vigil continue, as I have been given word that no rituals have been planned.  A select number of BMPD officers are already on hand at this location in case of any emergencies, and will remain there to keep the peace.
“Lastly…I must mention that I have heard a Mendaihu practitioner is allegedly behind this ritual.  However, I feel I must remind all of you that the Mendaihu do not condone this act.  The Honored Mendaihu of Bridgetown completely understand the ramifications of this ritual, and are already taking steps to ensure that peace remains in this city and that all who were affected are taken care of immediately.  And as your Provincial Governor, I do not condone any acts of violence against the Mendaihu in response, whether you are Gharné or Meraladhza, Mendaihu or Shenaihu, whether provoked by this recent event or not.  I will not condone any violence at all.  None!  There will not be bloodshed in my city!
“I will also explain this — the effects of an awakening ritual are minimal, as one must actively participate in order for the ritual to cause any change.  There are those who have been affected by the shockwave, specifically those within the close radius of the Mirades Tower, and with the help of the Mendaihu, the Shenaihu and other spiritual Elders, they are all being cared for.  But I will — no, I must repeat: the effects are minimal, and if you feel you are experiencing the adverse effects, I ask that you seek your nearest Elder as quickly as possible.
“Until then, I will retain any other information that comes my way, until it is proven without a doubt to be true.  As your Provincial Governor, I flat-out refuse to provide my citizens with false or incomplete information.  In the meantime, I must continue my stance in alignment with the Crimson-Null Foundation as an observer, and only as observer, until further notice.  I trust the BMPD, the FireFlighters and any other association involved with the investigation, fully and completely.  I will leave all further questions to my officers.
“Tonight, ladies and gentlemen, emha si edha, I pray for each and every one of you.  Peace, Love and Light to everyone.  Good afternoon.”
The room erupted as soon as he backed away, questions and accusations hitting him in a wall of sound.  How dare he not take immediate action!  How dare he demand peaceful actions from his citizens!  How dare he invoke a spiritual plea!  Anton retreated from the podium with no expression on his face, nodding to one of his security guards, who came to his side immediately to escort him away.  A group of reporters near the front stood up and leaned forward, as close as they dared to, to question his last unscripted moment.  Near the rear, imagraphers triggered multiple camera shutters with their remotes, capturing his escape from far too many angles.  As he was being shuffled to the back door, he looked out into the audience one last time, where he found Jack Priestley, still sitting in his chair.  His face had been a mixture of surprise and shock.  Shaken but relieved, Anton turned and headed for the private door behind the podium, his two security guards following closely behind. 








CHAPTER FIVE
Caren

Caren and Poe left Headquarters as the sun rose over Branden Hill District, exhausted and frustrated.   Caren stifled a yawn and rubbed at her eyes with the heels of her hands as they pulled out of the dark garage and into the bright morning.  The muscles in her arms and legs screamed and twitched, pleading for sleep.  Poe’s chain smoking wasn’t helping, but she was too tired to complain.  At this point, as long as a window was open, Caren didn't care.  Their investigation was far from over, but right now she just wanted to crawl back into her bed for the next twenty hours.
They’d just spent the last five hours downtown, interviewing witnesses and those affected, and her energy levels were depleted.  After the fallout zone, such as it was, had been deemed safe for passage, they’d made their way through the grid of streets in the Tower Sector, searching for anyone else who hadn’t yet made their presence known.  The recently awakened were usually easy to find, as they often gave off a heavy amount of excess spiritual energy which lasted for at least two or three days.  Their work was cut out for them in that respect, but they still had to actively look for many who had chosen not to say anything, or say as little as possible.  And there were a lot of those.  By the time they’d interviewed at least three dozen willing people and gotten contact information for a few dozen more, they’d decided to give up for the time being.  They’d made their way back to the ARU headquarters as the sun rose, grabbed a small and unfulfilling breakfast in the cafeteria, and debated what their next step would be.  By now, Denni was most likely getting ready for school, so Caren called to check up on her.  Her sister was bleary-eyed and exhausted from little sleep, but she put on a brave face and told her she felt no lingering effects of last night’s shockwave.  Relieved by those words, Caren let her end the call.  Poe suggested they drive around a bit and people-watch for an hour or two before calling it a day.  It wasn’t the most productive thing to do, but it killed off the excess tension and it helped them gauge how the city was reacting to the ritual.
“Farraway,” Poe said, cutting the silence between them.  He exhaled a puff of smoke and flicked ash out the window.  “I’m starting to wonder…”
He said nothing else, and Caren glared at him.  “What are you going on about?”
He threw a quick glance at her.  “Oh…sorry, just thinking aloud.  Just that…well, Farraway’s giving us conflicting signals.  Calls us in to investigate an unsanctioned ritual.  No problem, part of our job.  Has Nick and Sheila start it off.  Again, no problem, they’re our team two and they can handle it.  Then assigns us two high-level Mendaihu to assist.  Unexpected, but not out of the ordinary.”
Caren bristled.  “Are you going anywhere with this?”
He flicked ash out of the window and took another drag before he continued.  “Does it bother you that this ritual was big enough to cause that much spiritual bleedover?  That was a cloud at least three or so miles in diameter when we saw it last night.  You’d think we’d have Special Ops jumping in.  Or CNF at this point, considering where it hit.”
She frowned at him.  She kind of understood, but she was too exhausted to think straight.  “Are you saying this case is a lot bigger than he's making it out to be?”
“It’s not a racial issue between the Meraladhza and the Gharné,” he said.  “This is between the Mendaihu and the Shenaihu, and it’s not just a relations issue, either.  I really hate that I have to say this, but I think one or the other is about to do something, and a Mendaihu just made the first move.  Farraway wouldn't have brought the Shalei twins in otherwise.”
She wanted to agree with him, but she didn’t want to admit it, not just yet.  “How do you know that?  We’ve handled renegade cases before, Alec.”
“Not like this, we haven’t.”
“But how can we prove that?”
“Because neither the Mendaihu nor the Shenaihu act out in this manner, not without motive,” he shot back.  “It’s not in their nature, you know that.  And when they do, their own kind usually gets a hold of them before we do.  Did you notice how many people commented on who might have been behind the ritual?”
Caren frowned.  “Not many,” she said.  “They recognized the signature, no doubting that.  But they weren’t talking.”
“Damn straight they weren’t!”   Poe growled, started to say something else, and then stopped.  He growled again, took a deep drag off of his cigarette and forcefully crushed it in the ashtray, and focused quietly and intently on the road ahead.  She’d rarely seen him get this riled up, and she knew enough not to push it any further.  He had a mean streak when his blood boiled and his words would often go unchecked.  She’d seen him lash out on criminals to just this side of an assault charge, and she didn’t want to be on the receiving end.  She waited it out as they drove aimlessly through the Branden Hill district.
“So what do you think?” she asked, her voice deliberately calm.  “Should we escalate this to the Crimson-Null Foundation officials?  We still have time, and we’d be able to back the hell away.”
He responded with a quick shake of the head.  “I don’t think that would help, to be honest.  CNF won't know what to do with it.  I’d say this is more a spiritual thing than a political or racial one.  You and I are programmed for this kind of event.”  He pulled out another cigarette, debated lighting up, and stuck it behind his ear instead.  “This wasn’t any CNF-ranked terrorist, Caren.  Just a regular Mendaihu.  One hell of a strong one, yes, but a regular B-Towner, just like you and me.  Only the strongest of the Mendaihu can summon up something like that.  Especially something that big.”  He shrugged.  He pulled the cigarette from his ear and lit it up.  His hands trembled slightly, enough for her to catch it.  Poe rarely showed such fear openly.
“You still think this is similar to twenty-five years ago, don’t you?” she said quietly.
He exhaled slowly, and nodded.  “Yes, I do.”
“Goddess…”  Caren felt the chill all the way through her soul.  It was the cold sting of ice upon her very essence.  She bit her lip, hoping Poe hadn't noticed.  Again she thought of the image of her parents, both Mendaihu of blood and deed, watching over her…and the image of their violent and pointless deaths.  All in the name of spiritual balance.  A delicate balance that was now in question once again.  Almost like clockwork.
“Then in response...then the Shenaihu...”  She found she couldn't even finish the sentence.
“We need Vigil,” he said, his voice low.
She frowned and nodded in agreement.

*

In his humble day job, Matthew Davison was a young and brilliant communications tech programmer for KJS Corporation, and part of the team that had created the now-ubiquitous vidmat technology.  He was highly sought after for his stellar commtech skills and he had high-level contacts both in business and government, all of whom admired his work.  He was intelligent and empathetic, ready to lend a hand to client and coworker alike.  He was dedicated and driven.  Many considered him a mirror-image of his father, the late, revered Provincial Senator Gregory Davison.  
Off the clock however, he was the most feared digital anarchist in the Sprawl.  
He was part of a movement of political-minded anarchy jackers and whistleblowers whose main goal was to tear apart the inner workings of the overly capitalistic Bridgetown corporations with the sole purpose of keeping the playing field even for all involved — including the consumer.  His forte was the leakage of sensitive information, specifically the exposure of undocumented dealings and noncompliance.  If they ignored Vigil’s attacks, Matthew and his team would pile it on all the more — they were relentless.  The corporation would have no other choice but to realign.  Matthew’s attacks were brilliant and bloodless.  Never enough to cause mass economic damage…but just enough to keep analysts on their toes.  
The number of insiders and accomplices he had contact with was unbelievably large.  Matthew was the leader of Vigil, and he was Poe’s most reliable street source.  The only reason Poe had never turned him in was that he was more valuable to everyone behind the scenes than he was behind bars.  And besides, Matthew had technically never broken an existing law.
Vigil based their mainland operations in a nondescript former hotel remodeled into condominiums and offices.  The four-story building, a few blocks from Branden Hill Park, was in good structural condition though the outside needed a lot of work…there were chips in the faded brick and the façade was in bad need of a fresh coat of paint.  Many of the windows were grimy and covered by disheveled blinds.  The lobby was poorly lit and held a strange pungent odor that no one could ever quite place.  Still, the place looked livable and not entirely derelict.  This was exactly how Vigil wanted it — unassuming and maybe even a bit off-putting, but not to the point of decrepitude.  They also controlled the security systems of all the surrounding buildings and made no attempt at hiding those facts.  Their territory could not be infiltrated without the group knowing.
The foyer elevator appeared moments after their arrival, its scratched and dented doors opening with a low scrape against its runners, and they entered.  The car gave with a loud and unsettling jolt as it started its ascension.  Though they were only going up three floors, it took much longer than it should have, and when the doors opened, it deposited them in a dimly lit and musty hallway.  No numbers or nameplates graced any of the doors.  Only one door, far down the end, stood slightly ajar with light spilling out of it, the one inviting place in the entire building.
Matthew stood in the doorway of that farthest apartment, waiting with arms crossed and staring lazily at the floor.  There was no greeting, nor was there animosity.  He just stood there with a strange calmness, as if he’d had a lifetime’s practice at it.  Caren always felt a little uncomfortable around the kid, as she could not read any emotion from him, not even indifference.  He rarely showed any when he was on Vigil time, and when he did it was usually a slow-burning impatience.
“Must say I thought you'd come earlier,” he said, looking up.  His voice was naturally hoarse, and it echoed against the empty walls around them.  It sounded like he hadn't slept over the past few days.  He certainly looked it.  Loose clothes smelling of sweat hung off his shoulders and hips in typical jacker anti-fashion, dirty brown hair unkempt and capped by a dark blue bandanna.  His face, however, betrayed his image; a youthful and freshly-shaven face with soft blue eyes behind thin-framed glasses.
Poe cleared his throat, holding back his own moodiness.  “Yeah, well...we got caught up.”
Matthew smirked.  “Of course.”  Not a big flash of emotion, just tired amusement.  He stepped back into the apartment and swung the door wide, casually waving them in.
Vigil’s center of operations was disturbingly mundane.  It looked no different than any other college student’s apartment in Branden Hill, with the mismatched secondhand furniture and the excessive wall coverings of vidmats and posters.  Entering further into this apartment, though, one started noticing hints of something more high-tech.  Cables and wires filled the nooks of nearly every doorframe and baseboard.  There were at least two computers of varying sizes in every room, all of them running one thing or another.  In the dining room on the left, a small laptop had been setup at an unfurnished plywood desk near the windows, and it looked to be playing its own game of solitaire.  In the kitchen, a table model was folded away and leaning against an antique breadbox.  The screen was black, but its cooling fan whizzed quietly.  A third lay on the futon in a side bedroom, softly playing ambient dance music.  Smaller, compact vidmats, phones and players lay everywhere.  Caren took it all in, impressed by their ability to make the overabundance of techware seem normal.  It was hard to imagine such a calm place housing the most feared jackers in Bridgetown.  Completely wired and utterly domestic.
A number of wires ran down the length of the high ceiling in the main hallway and met up in a large rear study which housed the main console — a massive workstation of five computers, twice as many screens, several dangling neural hookups, and countless other accessories and pieces of hardware.  Most of the equipment had been secured to a steel frame arcing around its user like a cage, similar to an infotech engineer’s workstation.  Four monitors were constantly scrolling data that could be anything from DuaLife's latest genetics research to the financial earnings of NullCom, to the communications of the Bridgetown Police, Fire, and ARU departments.  Three processors in the corner of the room encrypted all the information and fed it to the servers out at Vigil’s other base on Sachers Island, south of the city proper.
Matthew silently led them into the room and sat himself down within the cage.  He glanced at a few of the monitors, tapped something on a few keyboards, and then turned to another.  At this second computer he hammered away at the keyboard for a full three minutes, without word.  Caren opened her mouth to say something, but thought better of it.  Muscles aching, she found an empty chair and sat down to wait.  She thought of Denni; by now she was heading off to school.
Stay safe, Denni, she thought.  I know you're smart.  Just stay safe.
“So...” Matthew said, still tapping away.  “An awakening ritual.  What do you have?”
“Not much, I’m afraid,” Poe said.  “Nothing you don’t already have, I’m sure.  Short version…shockwave hits the city, bleedover appears above the Mirades Tower, and some witnesses feel the energy reading they recognize.  That’s pretty much it.  We have a few people doing field work right now.”
Matthew nodded silently, and finished off what he was typing.  “Okay,” he said, finally turning in his seat.  “What do you need?”
Poe laughed nervously.  “Everything.”
The corner of Matthew’s mouth lifted in a half-grin. “Starters?”
“Names.  Anyone from the Tower linked to adepts of the Mendaihu and the Shenaihu, however distant.”
He let out a low whistle.  “Tall order, Alec,” he shook his head.  “Might take a while.”
“Sooner the better, kid,” he said.  “You know the playing fields better than I do.”
“Fair enough,” he said.  “I did a bit of work already.  Dug up some of the more obvious choices for you to look in on.  I went for the easiest ones first.”
Poe nodded.  “Hard copy?”
“Not yet,” he hedged.
Poe sighed and shook his head.  “Don’t push it, Matt.  We’ve been up too long and you know I don’t have anything in return that you don’t already have.”
“You have a theory.  Both of you do.”
Caren heard Poe’s knuckles pop.  “Bless it…I’m not in the fucking mood, kid.”
“I just want to know what it is, is all.  I can’t give out private information to just anyone, you know.”  The kid cleared his throat and scratched the back of his head, temporarily looking away.  “Let me put it this way.  The two of you are some of the very few that I can trust in this town, don’t get me wrong.  I know I can give you whatever you need and know that you’ll share it only with the necessary people, and no one else.  But I need to know why you need this, before I can give it to you.”
Poe gave him a deathly stare.  “The One of All Sacred, Matthew.  It’s that time again.  No one sets off an awakening ritual that wide, not even the revivals at the ‘Drome.  Something’s up and we’re looking at something potentially catastrophic here.”
Matthew studied him for a few moments.  He hadn’t flinched or grimaced; he merely nodded slightly and let it sink in.  “I’m inclined to agree,” he finally responded.  “I can’t promise everything, but I might be able to get someone to help.  If that’s okay with you.”
“Someone we can trust?” Caren asked.  “No leaks?”
“I completely trust her,” he said with conviction.  “She’ll be able to do the tracking work if you end up being right.”  He paused, looking away and tapping his knee.  “Anything else?”
Poe frowned, thinking before answering.  “Yeah.  We need as much information on Shenaihu uprisings in the local area over the last two Sacred Cycles.  What caused them, how they were settled.”
“The last fifty years?” Caren said, looking at him in surprise.  “A bit far back, don't you think?”
He shook his head.  “The farther back we go, the better.  I’m looking at cycles, patterns, events.  The enlightened are notoriously patient when it comes to uprisings.  They can wait years between one attack and another.  Makes no difference to them, they've been around as long as the Meraladians have been in the Universes.”
Caren had a sudden idea, despite her exhaustion.  “See if you can create any cyclic calendars as well,” she said.  “We can compare them with other events and people, what was going on at the time.  Put it into perspective of what went on before, compare it to what’s going on now.”
Matthew thought about it for a few moments.  “Shouldn't be too much of a problem…I’ll see if I can get someone at the Data Research Library to lend me a hand.  Give me a few days on it and I'll call you.”
Poe relaxed, a soft, tired smile playing across his lips.  “Much appreciated.”
Matthew sat up and turned back to the monitors.  “In the meantime...” he trailed off.  He tapped at the keyboard again, much quicker this time, then abruptly stopped, hitting the last keystroke with a proud staccato finality.  A few seconds later, he flipped open a drive, extracting a thin crystal rod.  He placed the rod in a small plastic case and handed it over to him.  “Your hard copy,” he said.  “This is what I got this morning.  Just a few names and links.  I admit there isn't much, but I haven't read through all of it myself yet.”
Poe took the data crystal and shoved it in his inside jacket pocket.  “By the way…do you suspect the Shenaihu as the impetus behind the Mendaihu’s ritual?”
He merely shrugged.  “Just a guess, really.  Nothing this intense happens in B-town without the either one involved somehow, even if the Mendaihu were behind it.  Could just be a rogue adept, but I doubt it.”
“Why is that?” Caren asked.
Matthew's face brightened briefly.  “I learned from my dad how to read politics.  From politics I learned how to read people.  Again, I’m no sociologist, but I know the seeds of an uprising when I see one.”  He paused, glancing at his screen one last time, his expression fading as quickly as it had appeared.   “And this is a spiritual one, no doubt.”
Caren nodded…she hated the idea, but she understood.  Both of them had avoided saying anything or admitting it to themselves, but Matthew was right.  This was more than just a ritual or an uprising…it was an awakening, and one that would continue to affect Bridgetown — and eventually, possibly, the world — if it were not controlled.
Matthew faced them again.  “Go talk to Reverend Miriam if you need a spiritual explanation,” he said.  “He’s over at Saint Patrick’s up near your neighborhood, Poe.  He should be able to explain it better than I could.”

*

Caren finally reentered her apartment almost thirteen hours after she had last exited it.  It was just past two in the afternoon, certainly not the first time she wandered home after a long shift with the sun shining high overhead.  Such was the job of the ARU.  She dropped her work duffel bag on the living room floor and groaned, every overtired muscle screaming for rest.  And yet like damned clockwork, she couldn’t stop her brain from heading off in twenty different directions at once.  Every time…every damned time she and Poe were roped into a particularly intense case.  Her muscles ached, her eyes stung, and her brain was stuck in overdrive.  It was going to take hours for her to fall asleep.
But she was home again, and that meant more to her than anything else.  She closed her apartment door, locked it, and leaned heavily against it, exhaling deeply.  She scanned the small front room, searching for an anchor to quiet this chaos in her head.  This constant, unending buzz in her brain, more intense than ever, that would not go away without a fight.  It never did.  But she was home…it always calmed her, one way or another.  She enjoyed the familiarity of her surroundings, yet she now felt alienated from her own belongings.  They were like a lucid dream…distant, forgotten, yet she knew them to be hers.  
And right now, she was too tired to fight it.  She wouldn’t find peace here.  Not yet.
She escaped the front room to her own cave, her bedroom.  It was still pathetically, distressingly out of order, just as she’d left it.  Madeleine, her elderly next door neighbor and an old family friend, had taken care of their apartment when needed, but the woman would always leave Caren's bedroom for her to clean up.  She rarely had the time to do so, but his was actually a good thing, because this mess added to the familiarity she needed.  This was the one room out of the billions of rooms in the Sprawl that was truly hers and hers alone.
Denni had taped a note on her bedroom door to say she was over at Madeleine’s and would let her sleep in.  Caren felt a knot in her stomach…she felt guilty that she had missed tucking her in for the night.  That she'd missed seeing her off to school.  Seeing her coming home.  Of all the things she hated about this job, this was the worst.  If this case was as big as she feared, there was a good chance she wouldn’t be seeing her for days at a time.  She stopped herself from getting angry, however…now was not the time.  She was home and on familiar ground, and she desperately needed to sleep.  Exhaling one last time, she got herself ready for bed.  She’d have time enough for all that misplaced anger later.
Stepping back out of the bedroom moments later, she began her own post-work ritual with a series of long deep breaths and muscle stretches.  She had freed herself from the uniform and pulled on a pair of overworn sweatpants, a stretched out and faded black tee shirt, and her hair draped loosely over her shoulders.  Every hindrance, anything that held her back, had been willed away and disposed of.  Her body and soul were free.
“…hra khera, hra mehra…” she whispered in the Anjshé tongue, breathing slowly and fully.  “…hra khera, hra mehra…”  To be here, to be at peace.  She repeated the mantra slowly with every breath, in her ritual to relax.  It took her several minutes before she felt the beginnings of an inner calm, when her muscles no longer twitched and her brain had stopped racing.  She would ignore hints of anger and distraction, instead focusing on that calm she so briefly held moments before.  It was a tough ritual, one of the hardest she had to perform on herself, but she would not give up.
That was her problem…her brain was always in overdrive.  Always thinking, always plotting out scenarios in her mind. It made her the strong investigator that she was, but at the price of inner peace.  This constant and directionless energy would plague her at the end of every shift.  Her dreams were vivid, on the rare instances she had them, and her sleep was often short and restless.  Some nights it would take her an hour to even attempt the first stages of sleep, and she’d often wake up multiple times throughout the night.  Tonight would be no different, but she’d already accepted that.
Hra khera…hra mehra…
This was the only way she could reach her inner calm.  The civilian Caren fought to surface, but Special Agent Johnson wouldn’t let her out so easily.  She stood center in the room, legs akimbo and her hands gently reaching out to opposite walls, and closed her eyes.  She visualized the stress and fatigue in her body and gathered it together, within her soul.   The excess energy swelled within this space, and with a deep breath and a push, it began draining through her and out her limbs, pouring out of her hands and feet, away from her like rainwater.
Hra khera…hra mehra…
To be here.
To be at peace.
Denni.
Calm.
Finally, the tension inside her body began to melt away.  Blood circulating evenly throughout her body now, energy balancing itself within her spirit.  Every part of her being wound down, slowing down to a crawl, until everything within equaled all that was without.  She pushed out a final deep breath, completed the ritual, and opened her eyes.  Meekly, the civilian climbed out of her shell and assumed Caren’s person, felt it safe to be there, and let the last of the tense energy disappear.
She brought her hands slowly together, fingers entwined, her index fingers resting on her lips as she nodded.  Smiling, she opened an eye and glanced at a framed picture hanging on the wall in front of her.  Aram and Celine Johnson watched over her, handsome and regal in their Mendaihu uniforms, smiling back at her.  This was the same picture she saw in her lumisha dea, the one over the mantel at her parents’ old house, but whenever she saw the real thing, it comforted her.  She whispered a silent prayer to them, thinking of them fondly, and brought her hands back down.  They had taught her that meditative technique when she was young, and it had never failed her.  Satisfied, she turned to her living room sound system, and tapped a preset.  Ancient Celtic rhythms filled the room with a soft, safe ambience.
She fell into the cocoon of the couch, and closed her eyes.
Safe…
The spinning in her head wound down to a stable balance.  “…hra khera, hra mehra…” she whispered again.  She closed her eyes, taking in slow rhythmic breaths, and before she sought to thank her parents again, she was asleep.

*

All is Light, my dearest.
The voice of a young man, someone she did not know, crept into her dreams and invaded the solace of her lumisha dea.  No—not invading.  Merely stopping by, saying hello.  A friend.  She hadn’t had visitors here in years, so she hadn’t expected to hear anyone here, ever.  Who was it?  It was a voice so desperately familiar, someone she’d known for a very long time.  She knew this person well, but had forgotten him somehow.  She risked a single thread of sensing, probing for the source.
She spoke quietly in her inner voice.  Who are you?
I am a friend, dear, he answered.  You called me Anando.
Something deep within caught at her heart at the sound of that name, and without expecting it, her sensing thread whipped around and stretched out in front of her.  It knew where he was, who he was.  Her spirit knew him, had known him for years.  Decades.  Lifetimes?  Despite her natural wariness she followed the sensing thread, trusting it would bring her closer to him.  Why are you here?
Anando let out a small, joyful laugh.  If only you knew where you really were, he said.  You've met me before, Caren.  Here on Trisanda.
What??  A shiver ran through her body.  Trisanda…the Meraladian homeworld?  She couldn’t have been there, light years away!  Impossible! She had no ability to enter Light at will, nor had anyone else in her family.  She was safe and sound in her apartment, snoring away on the couch.
…or was she?
Open your eyes.
She felt warmth.  Natural warmth, a sensation of sunlight on her skin.  Curious, she opened her eyes.
And indeed, all was Light.  Pure energy, warm and inviting, enveloping her entire body in a cocoon, protecting her, and illuminating everything around her in a crystal clarity she’d never witnessed before. And it was absolutely, heart-achingly beautiful.  It was…
Home?  She recognized this place, she was sure of it.  She’d been here before, years, ages ago…lifetimes ago.
Anando, she whispered.  Where am I?
She stood in a wide field of grass bordered by tall, narrow trees.  The sun hung lazily in the afternoon sky, bringing out the vibrant colors of an autumn day.  An extremely long wood table sat in the middle of this field, weighted down by plates and baskets of all kinds of meats, breads and vegetables, as well as bouquets of flowers and large, unlit candles.  A hundred or so people surrounded the table, chatting and laughing excitedly.  Something fantastic had happened, and they could not contain their glee.  Though she couldn’t quite make out the words, she understood that they were all speaking of someone’s long-awaited return.  Caren smiled despite herself; surely they weren’t excited by her presence?
Moving closer, she was startled by the fact that she recognized certain faces, those of people she was sure she didn’t know in reality.  Two men were having a heated discussion, each one trying to convince the other that they knew this prodigal someone personally; in her mind, they were friends and coworkers of her father’s from when he was her age who loved to bicker at each other.  Another man spoke in hushed tones to his beloved, promising her that he would introduce her to this someone, and she blushed and smiled at him; in her mind they were friends she’d known in school, a loving couple that had always been together.  There were five siblings of varying ages, three boys and two girls, who were laughing and joking while they stuffed their face with the delicious food before them; in her mind, they were her younger sisters and brothers.  
And yet on Earth, in real life, they did not exist.
She could not deny this sense of closeness, of relation to them.  Their aura…their essence felt so familiar, so familial to her!  Despite everything her mind told her, they were here, in front of her.  She could hear them, see them…if she reached out, she could even feel them.  She caught her breath — suddenly all made sense!  This was not her lumisha dea at all, but truly another plane of existence.  She really was on Trisanda!  She’d found and recognized another family…her astral family, her spiritual kin.  And at that very moment, those closest to her turned, saw her, and acknowledged her.  Some waved, but mostly she felt ripples of emotion, of affection…a soulsensing of love.
For a brief moment, she felt this was her true home.
Anando, she whispered again.  Am I…?
You are where you need to be, he answered.  I am here with you, because it was time for you to see this.  I’m here for you.  Keep that in mind, Karinna.
She shivered…those words, they were so familiar to her.  He’d spoken them tenderly and honestly, at some point in the past…in the deep past.  Her heart skipped a beat, fully expecting his next words.  A memory, hidden deep within, not in her mind but in her spirit, had been safely hidden away —
I will be your guide and your anchor, he said.
A stray tear left her eye and fell down to her quivering lips.
…allei aiya, Karinna.
And in that very moment, a veil had been lifted.
She felt another, stronger ripple of emotion, a deep, unconditional love, stronger than anything she’d ever felt in her life.  An energy within her soul that reached far past any emotional connection she’d ever had.  It went beyond logic and reason, it went to the very heart of her being.  This was her higher self.  It was her Mendaihu self — no, it was higher than that…much higher in her spiritual consciousness than that.  It was her Trisandi self.  Her ancestral soul.  Anando was…Goddess…he’s my…she gasped.  Here, on Trisanda…he was her cho-shadhisi, her soul mate!  Her heart raced at the realization, and she shivered with both excitement and awe.  From the deepest confines of her own soul, she knew this to be absolute truth.  Anando had returned!  He had come for her!
…allei aiya, she responded.  Anando…where have you been?
On a long journey, he answered.  A soul-seeking journey.
Yes, she thought.  I remember.  He’d left for a deeper part of reality in search of…in search of what?  The answer held itself away, just out of her reach.  She knew she had this answer, but had forced herself to forget it.  She stirred, frustrated.
I believe my journey was fruitful, he said. We will speak of it soon.
Caren trembled.  Something ominous in those words.  Wait —

*

Caren woke up with a stiff neck and the sound of a car alarm going off outside.  It had grown dark; she guessed it to be some time in the early to mid-evening hours.  Disoriented and surprisingly ravenous, she stared up at the ceiling in an attempt to get her bearings.  A blanket partially covered her body, keeping her warm.  She must have slept at least seven hours, uninterrupted…that was a personal record.  The haze of fatigue still clouded her senses and she lay there for a good few minutes, trying to adjust to her surroundings again.  Physically, she felt so out of it, it bordered on embarrassing to her duty as an agent for the ARU.  Mentally, however...
Mentally, she felt perfectly fine.  Alert.  Centered.  And that surprised the hell out of her.
Immediately she thought of Denni.  Food could wait—she wanted to see her sister first.  Craning her neck, she could just about read the clock in the hallway.  Indeed, it was close to nine in the evening.  She expected her to be in her bedroom, finishing homework or reading.  With some effort, she unwrapped herself from the blanket and pushed herself up.  Slowly she made her way down the long hallway to the rear bedrooms, her bare feet making no noise on the carpet.  Denni's door was closed, but she could see a dim light from just under it and muted beats of purepop music wafting through.
She rapped softly on the door.  “Den?”
“Yeah,” Denni mumbled, her voice laced with annoyance.
“Can I come in?”
There was a pause; the sound of music stopping and Denni's grumbling.  “Door's unlocked.”
Caren bit her tongue.  Her sister had every right to be angry with her, and let it go.  She pushed the door open.  Denni was sitting on her bed, tapping distractedly on her school tablet, scrolling through a text.  She was quite diligent with homework for a kid her age, which made Caren proud.  She never had to hover over her sister like most parents.  It was a small comfort that she could trust her judgment in her absence.
“Hey,” Caren said, attempting a smile.
“Hey,” she responded flatly.
Neither spoke for a few moments, instead testing each other's boundaries.  Denni looked at her, not entirely with a cold stare, but not exactly a warm one either.  She understood Caren's job, though, even at her young age.  She understood that she wasn't mad at Caren directly, but at what Caren's job took from her.  She also understood the danger Caren placed herself in almost every day.  The longer she was away from her, the more anger she focused on her sister's job.  That alone gave Caren even more incentive to change all that, starting now.  She’d do her damnedest to be there for Denni, no matter what it took.  She crossed the room and sat down next to her on the bed.  “Told you I'd come back to you,” she offered, taking the girl's hand.  She didn't pull away, and Caren breathed a sigh of relief.  She smiled inwardly, knowing that deep inside, her sister would understand.
“Huh.”
“Listen,” she said, both hands grasping Denni's now.  “I know I missed seeing you today.  Tell you the truth, I can't promise I'll be there every time you need me to be there--as much as I hate to say that, Denni, I can't lie to you.  But I'm trying, sis.  Goddess knows I'm trying.”
Denni's eyes met hers.  Softened.  She had forgiven her.  “I know,” Denni said.  “Thanks.”  She reached over and gave her big sister a tight hug.  “I just get worried sometimes.  Thanks for calling this morning.”
“I’m glad,” she said, smiling.  She pulled away from the embrace and faced her.  “So what did I miss today?”
Denni beamed.  She never talked much of what happened during the day when she came home from school, but always jumped at the chance whenever Caren asked.  It was often talk about schoolwork, the local boys she swore she didn't like but flirted with anyway, and what she had done during lunch period with her best friend Amna.  Caren listened with rapt attention, asking questions and laughing along with the jokes, enjoying this time, treasuring it.
For now, for a little while, it seemed as if everything had gone right again.  Caren felt at ease with herself and with Denni.  The awakening ritual, while still on her mind, was not first and foremost.  She had done as much as possible workwise and let it rest.  Poe could handle it if anything came up.  Right now she had her sister, and that was all that mattered.

Later on, after she had wolfed down leftovers and Denni had gone to sleep, Caren finally retired to her own room.  Still distressingly out of order, it was nonetheless her sanctuary.  Without changing out of her shirt and sweats, she climbed into her bed and closed her eyes.  Sleep would come eventually, but for the first time in ages, her insomnia had not been caused by stress or nagging thoughts about her job.  Instead, her thoughts were of the dream she'd had earlier.  Only now did she let herself remember it in full detail, after she had made peace with her sister.
Anando...?  
She searched her mind for that name and came up with nothing, yet a faint hint of recognition had been tapped.  She had to have met him somewhere, at some time.  Try as she might, she could go no further than that, but it was a start.  And given that it had not been an adverse recognition, she accepted it and let it go for the night.  Glancing sideways at her bedside clock, she saw that it had not hit midnight yet, and reveled in that fact.  She turned over, buried herself under the sheets, and closed her eyes.




CHAPTER SIX
Poe

Ambient deepspacer music drifted from the car speakers, just underneath the squabble of the ARU commlink.  Alec Poe paid little attention to the back and forth of his fellow officers, his mind instead on the meeting with the two Mendaihu siblings.  He’d been avoiding the comm since yesterday afternoon, when the public fallout from the ritual had wound down to a guarded but steady calm.  He certainly hadn’t calmed down, not by a long shot, but he had to appreciate the public’s willingness to assume all was back to normal for the time being.  They knew better than to lose themselves in paranoia and fear, especially after Governor Rieflin’s speech the other day.  The man had pulled an amazing and unprecedented feat by being completely transparent about what was going on, a move his predecessors would never have taken.  The man had gone live on all the channels the morning after the ritual and he didn’t hold anything back.  He explained the ritual in simple and understandable terms and whatever side effects it might have caused, and where anyone could go for assistance.  It was an extremely dicey thing to do, but he’d pulled it off.  The Sprawl may still be on edge, but at least they knew someone was in charge.
He shifted his car fluidly into the passing lane, streaming past a line of tour cars and family transports.  The roads had been crowded over the past month and especially on I-91, the major north-south highway that cut its way through the province.  The travel season was nearly over, and tourists were heading back home.  He shot a glance at each of the drivers as he passed them.  Their eyes were focused solely on the road ahead of them, determined to cover as many miles as they could before sundown…no one in the vehicles talked, or even gestured for that matter.  They might not have shown it or talked about it, but they knew something was coming.
He shrugged off his discomfort, thinking about that night.  It wasn't often that he pulled an all-nighter.  How could he have slept?  Unlike Caren, he had witnessed the entire ritual firsthand.  For the rest of his life he would remember looking out his kitchen window at one in the morning, his heart skipping a beat when he saw the bleedover suddenly appear, as if the Goddess herself had made that deep, jagged incision into reality until it bled a rich crimson cloud of pure, unbridled spirit.  He would remember the seconds it took for the initial pulse and the shockwave to reach him, not so much a thunderclap as a deep tearing of the air and a blast of psychic energy that knocked him backwards and nearly eviscerated his inner soul.  He would remember the time that dragged between those sounds and the fated call from Chief Inspector Farraway.  Almost exactly five minutes.
But pure chance had him sitting at his window table, staring out at another loud and restless night in McCleever Sector.
Pure chance.
He'd almost forgotten why he couldn't sleep.  It could have been any number of things…the heat and humidity turning his apartment into one big sweltering hotbox, or the students drunkenly hollering their way down the street as they hopped from one bar to the next, or the low flying BMP helicopters buzzing over his neighborhood and splashing their searchlights everywhere.  Normally, he could sleep through all of that.  Living in the same place all his life made him immune to most noises and distractions.  He should have been in bed, blissfully unconscious to the world.
He’d found his answer much later, when he’d finally returned to his apartment after meeting up with Matthew.  There was that...unnatural discomfort in the air.  He couldn’t quite describe it any other way.  The air was a bit too saturated, too stifling.  The electricity in the air rose in anticipation of something wondrous and unknown.  The night sounds faded away with the setting sun in empty echoes.  It felt too disturbingly like the end of something old and familiar, and an awakening of something altogether new and frightening.
Discomfort as trivial and mundane as that would never have kept him awake in the past.
He'd wasted no time making his way over to Caren's apartment after Farraway’s call.  Sirens blaring almost all the way, he'd shortened the time to just over a half hour, a personal record even despite the traffic.  Goddess, the traffic!  A mass exodus from the Tower sector had turned all the major highways and thoroughfares into one giant mess, and he'd been lucky enough to have been minutes ahead of it.  It bothered the hell out of him that he’d had to even go to Caren’s in the first place, even despite the magnitude of the event.  He hated himself for disrupting her life like that.  Nearly thirteen hours he’d taken from her, away from her sister and her own life.  And yet she kept the complaints to a minimum, bless her.  She would never admit it, but she had more patience than anyone he knew.
Upon finally reaching his apartment again the next afternoon, a mere seven hours' sleep did nothing.  It was dreamless sleep, the kind that kept energy from him when morning came.  Having an embarrassingly large meal and then sleeping for another five hours seemed to help, though just barely.  Physically, though, it was rough.  It was high time for an extended vacation.  He'd never felt that exhausted in a long time, not since he was a rookie.  The ritual, at least peripherally, had taken a lot more out of him than he’d expected, and in more ways than one.  That didn’t sit well with him, and it would continue to bother him until he did something about it.  Unfortunately, that time was not now, and not for the immediate future.  He’d have to make do with facing this fresh demon however he could, whenever he could.  He thought this meeting was a good place to start, given the situation.  He’d jumped at the chance to conduct it himself, even suggesting the location to Farraway.  The Crest was Poe's one place of sanity in this Sprawl.  
Situated at the southernmost tip of Breed's Hill in the Provincial Wilderlands north of the city, the Crest was a wide stony ridge with a breathtaking view of central Bridgetown, from the west hills to the shore.  Poe often made his way up there during their more intense investigations in order to disconnect himself from the world for a while.  He'd stay up there for hours, sitting at his favorite rock outcropping, watching the city live its life apart from him.  Bridgetown looked so much more peaceful, even beautiful, from that vantage point.  It seemed fitting then, that he would meet the two Mendaihu agents on such neutral ground.  He arrived at the gate moments later and pulled into a spot near the park’s entrance.
The path past the iron gates wound for nearly a quarter mile up the backside of Breed's Hill before reaching the Crest.  Poe took his time walking it, debating on how to best approach this duo.  He'd met and dealt with all kinds of Meraladians in his life, and had all kinds of reactions to them…frustration, awe, confusion, friendship…try as he might to ignore the fact, they’d been around for over two hundred years but they were still alien to this world, and he would view them as separate from himself.  He felt that way with everyone, really…it had nothing to do with them being alien and everything to do with his own feelings of being the Other.  He knew enough of his past and his bloodline to know he was more than just human…but in the process, he didn’t quite know where he fit in.  He was Terran human, at least as far as he knew, but there were deeper questions that had remained unanswered.  He’d made peace with all that long ago, however.  He would react to the Meraladhza and respect them like he would any human he knew: by their words and their deeds.
Meraladians were on average taller than humans by at least six inches.  They weren't so much taller as they were larger in frame.  They were also slightly darker in skin tone, almost a deep bronze hue.  Most had dark and matted hair, though many living on Earth bleached or dyed it different colors.  The Meraladian Mendaihu adepts wore their hair in very long double or triple ponytails, as their Mendaihu ancestors on Trisanda once had.  
By far, their most unique characteristics were their psionic abilities.  Meraladians were conscious of any attention being paid to them.  They knew when they were being watched, even being glanced at.  Most simply ignored it, but others acknowledged it by waving or nodding with a polite smile.  Over time it had become just another social norm.  Most Meraladians were also adept at thought reading to some extent, or ‘soulreading’ as it was commonly called, and it was different from innerspeak.  It wasn't so much a literal mind reading as it was a reading of the nuances in a person’s brain patterns and making guesses from there.  They couldn't tell when a person was thinking of a bowl of fruit on a table; they could, however, tell the person was thinking of centering an object somewhere.  After that, it was a matter of close listening and logical guesswork.
Human emotion, however, they could read with ease.  It wasn’t just the physical cues that humans displayed without thinking, such as fleeting eye contact or fidgeting hands, that any trained person could pick up on…it was a reading of the chemical messages to the person’s brain as well as their soul’s vibration.  If a person was terrified, for instance, their spirit gave off an intensely strong and fast vibration that a trained Mendaihu could hear if they listened closely.  And if the target was nervous but wary, the vibration was obviously much slower, though the strength remained.  Meraladians had two centuries’ worth of Earth presence to learn the nuances of the landscape of human emotion, and it hadn’t taken them long to perfect it.
The trees surrounding the path thinned out to brush and curved into the opening above the Crest.  It was a gorgeously sunny day, making the view of the city even more breathtaking.  Akaina and Ashyntoya Shalei stood near the edge, taking in the sight.  They’d definitely sensed his arrival, but were doing the polite thing and not acknowledging it first.  They both wore the uniforms of the Mendaihu elite force, long black coats with the gray patch of the Mendaihu sigil, two intersecting white circles standing on end symbolizing multiple realities, stitched on the right shoulder.  Both wore their black hair in a long triple ponytail that reached down towards the middle of their backs.
He cleared his throat and stepped forward.  “Somfei,” he said, voice wavering.  “I am Special Agent Alec Poe, ARU.  Welcome to Bridgetown.”  They smiled and turned to face him — definitely in that order, not the other way around — and bowed in his direction.  They were both quite handsome, he’d noticed.  They had curving jaw lines, Akaina’s slightly softer and more feminine.  Both had the rounded and smallish nose, wide mouth, and piercing dark eyes, typical of the Shalei clan.
“Agent Poe,” the man said in a calm, even tone.  “I am Ashyntoya Shalei.”  He placed both of his hands over Poe's, a Mendaihu gesture of total trust and a plea for the same.  “Please, call me Ashan.  This is my sister, Akaina.”
“I’m honored to meet you, Agent Poe,” Akaina said, taking his hand.  “I’ve heard much about the Branden Hill HQ.  Your work is exemplary.  And please, call me Kai.”
Poe quickly cleared his throat, hoping he wasn’t blushing right now.  He felt he did good work, but felt ‘exemplary’ was definitely not the word he’d have used.  “Thank you, and thanks for coming,” he said, giving her a customary nod.  “Agent Johnson and I appreciate the help.”
Ashan cocked an eyebrow.  “It is our duty, Agent Poe.  We feel this case should be of the highest importance.  We're proud to help.  Come, let’s walk to the edge.”  Ashan led the way towards the Crest overlook, Poe behind him and Kai trailing behind.
“Has Chief Inspector Farraway filled you in on everything?” Poe asked.
Ashan nodded, already distracted by something in the direction of the city.  Poe could see the gears already starting to turn in the man’s head, a sudden and deep concentration on whatever had caught his eye.  Poe smiled, seeing a similarity between Ashan and Caren.  The two seemed to be in a constant state of thought.  He knew he wouldn't be getting any more words from Ashan for the next few minutes.
“We've been sent the preliminary data,” Kai said, answering for her brother.  Her voice was low and warm.  “Whoever had performed the ritual knew what they were doing, and knew the outcome.  I should add that both Ashan and I agree that, within the delicate balance between the Mendaihu and the Shenaihu, it is extremely rare that anyone would have gone to such lengths…though we understand what they were trying to accomplish.”  She paused thoughtfully, glancing out at the city.  She was drawn to it just like her brother, but with less distraction.  She turned back to Poe and smiled.  “However, before we go into any detail, I'm curious, Agent Poe…I’d like to know your thoughts.”
He blinked, the question unexpected.  He thought about it for a few moments before answering.  “Well, first off...tell you the truth, I think—no, I sense a Mendaihu performed the ritual, and not just to create chaos…he had a reason for it, otherwise it wouldn’t have been an Awakening.  I've monitored large-scale rituals about the size of a small auditorium, but nothing as big or as strong.  You’d think a braudha of Mendaihu set it off, but…”  He trailed off and glanced ahead towards the city.  In the distance, the Mirades Tower rose high above everything, watching over the Sprawl like a sentinel.  He shivered unexpectedly, and turned back to Kai.  “I admit I'm not quite convinced of the motive,” he added as an afterthought.  He paused, looking her in the eyes.  He didn't want to say it, but he felt he had to.  “Caren and I believe it may have been aimed at the Shenaihu.  Like it was the first volley.”
If there were any reactions to his words, they kept it well hidden.  They approached the Crest's edge, mere feet away from Poe's usual meditation spot, and looked out over the city.  A flock of BMPD helicopters dotted the air above the Main Street and South City Sectors, the busiest and most populated neighborhoods at this time of day, monitoring the area.  Lines of multihued skyscrapers, reflecting sunlight, seascape, and the countless other buildings surrounding them, rose up gracefully in height in a slow arc towards the Tower, as most skylines in this type of province would.  The blackness of the Tower, though, reflected little except its coldness.
“What was the initial public reaction?” Kai asked.
“People were more alarmed by the shockwave than the bleed,” Poe said.  “All told, I believe there were no fatalities where the ritual was the main cause, and the number of injuries is negligible.  Psychologically, however?  Scared the hell out of a lot of us at the time, but once we saw there wasn’t any real physical damage, a lot of us went back to our lives.  We’re worried, but we’re not terrified.  The official gauge of public reaction right now is that of guarded concern.”
“No hysteria, then,” Kai nodded.
Oh, how he wanted to respond to that!  He’d heard from some of his connections that most of the hysteria had been concentrated within the halls of the Tower — to be more precise, within the confines of the Provincial Governor’s Council.  Rieflin’s cabinet members were pissing themselves with fear and couldn’t agree on how to move forward, especially after his revelatory speech.  The humans had responded to the event predictably and wished to use force as a preventative measure.  The Meraladians, on the other hand, suggested letting it play out longer, fully understanding the spiritual connotations of the ritual.  They were officially at a stalemate.
Poe decided to keep the politics out of it for now.  “Officially, no,” he said after a moment.  “There are pockets of unrest, mostly in the Warehouse and East McCleever districts, maybe a bit in South City, but nothing serious.  The ARU has that under control.  Why the Tower was targeted, though...I really couldn't tell you.  I mean, we have a few ideas, but...”
Ashan hummed absently.  He was looking out over the Sprawl, lost in thought, nodding again, until he closed his eyes.  The head movement ceased and breathing slowed, his body becoming unnaturally still.  Poe glanced at Kai, but did not say anything to break the silence.  She caught his eye then looked back at her brother.  She knew precisely what he was doing.  She held out a tentative hand to Poe, motioning for him to take it.  
Nervously but without question, he grasped it.  If a Mendaihu wanted to make a physical connection, it meant they were going to show you something you could not see or perceive on your own.  It could only be seen through their eyes, through their spiritual vision, and it was going to be something important, and something you would never have experienced before in your life.   Kai looked into his eyes one last time to ensure he was prepared, and gave him a soft smile.  He started to speak, but everything went dark —
Then, just as quickly, all was Light.  Pure, blinding white Light.  Light that burned.
Poe let out a terrified gasp, unable to speak.
I'm showing you this because I have to, Alec.
Was that Kai's voice...?  Not just in his head, but all around him...comforting, soothing.
This is how we are.  How we all are.
An overwhelming rush of sensations hit him square on and sent him reeling.  Every image appeared in superfine detail, every single sound heard with crystalline clarity.  The wind sounded like an ocean, the birdsong back near the entrance sounded like angelic singing.  The visions before him so sharp he thought they would cut into him like blades.  It took nearly all of his strength to push it all back to a level he could comprehend.  And it was only then that he finally heard it…pure, wordless emotion called out to him grasping at his very soul.  Voices, surrounding him, everywhere.  So many voices...all without direction.  And he could read each one separately, detecting each nuance, each tone as if he had the knowledge of every single living person in the Sprawl.  It was dizzying, frightening, and addictive, all at the same time.  Yet underneath, he could hear it...underneath it all...the sound of cleansing...
Poe felt the city.  
The city was slowly healing.
He forced his hand free of her grasp.  He opened his eyes and stared wide-eyed at Kai, speechless and completely terrified…but he understood.  He felt the heightened awareness of both Ashan and Kai as they scanned the Sprawl, attempting to grasp a better understanding of the Awakening.  Experiencing all of this through the guidance of the Mendaihu was truly like a spiritual veil being lifted from his very soul, and there was nothing else in the human world that could even come close.  It was transcendence.
Please, Alec.  We must do this.  I will lead you.  She smiled at him, a smile of trust and protection, and took his hand again —
— and the three stood on the Crest, as they did in reality, watching the city.  Everything was in sharpest focus, in far finer detail than he could ever comprehend.  The Sprawl had become a matrix of sharpened edges, minute vibrations, and unyielding light.  He could parse only a fraction of what Kai and Ashan could sense…yet with all three of them connected, he felt a completeness.  His soul resonated with Kai’s, and hers with her brother’s.  Poe understood all of this, understood what it meant, even though he couldn’t sufficiently put it into words.  All he could do was feel it.  They watched over the city as protectors.  And for the moment, even he was part of this; at that moment, even as an anchor to mere human reality, he was also Mendaihu.
Together they sensed the bruised tension and the traumatized scars upon the souls of Bridgetown, the rippling waves of living souls and wavering tendrils of the astral traveler, and he could not help but shed a few tears for them.  The late morning breeze pushed at them, an air full of pain and confusion.  Yet there was something else...something they recognized as malevolence.  It fed off the pain, fed off the fear of the city.   Not out of blind hunger, but out of necessity, in order to survive.  Because it had to.  It ran deep, an instinct passed down countless Meraladian generations, and it had been awakened.  It harkened back to the ancient days on Trisanda...the true Meraladhza home.  Ashan and Kai had never been to the planet, either by ship or by soul projection, but deep inside, they held the seed of their Trisandi origins.  They all did, Meraladian and human alike.  This disturbing familiarity with the black essence originated there, in that seed, in their hearts.  They felt it now, the same iciness that had once plagued Trisanda, nearly killing it.  Kai and Ashan knew this, and Poe could sense it just as deeply.
Yet still...they knew the healing process had started.  Underneath it all, they felt the balancing spark working to repair what the shockwave had torn the night before.  They were healing.
Ashan stood beside Kai, eyes closed and a deep frown contorting his face.  He breathed slowly and deeply, listening.  He could hear the tone of those essences, more keenly than she could feel them.  His gift of soulhearing could pick up the intricacies where mere soulsensing like Kai's could not.  With the three of them linked together, Poe felt for the first time just how intense the energies of the Sprawl were.  He heard the city’s energies through Ashan, felt its flow through Kai…and saw it for the first time in a new way, all on his own.
Poe felt Kai's hand drop out of his.  His eyes still closed, the images of the Sprawl slowly faded from view, leaving traces of colors and shapes against his eyelids.  The warmth of energy and light receded deep into the background, still there but now out of reach.  Soon he was cold and trembling, breathing slowly.
“Ashan?” she whispered.
“Cold,” her brother answered.
“What do you think?” she asked.
“Feels like rain,” he said quietly.
Poe opened his eyes, squinting from the late morning sun over the ocean, his vision back to normal.  He was at the halfway point between dream and reality, in control but not fully aware.  What did Ashan just say?  Rain?  He frowned, trying to focus at the sky above the city.  Hardly a cloud.  He closed his eyes again, about to yawn —
And for a brief moment, all was Light again.  He’d returned to that Light, all on his own.  Shimmering, encompassing energy, reaching out for him, trying to awaken him, devour him —
Goddess!
Opened his eyes wide and gasped for air.  And a second later, it was gone.
What did I just...see??
Light.  He saw Light, all on his own!  He shuddered.  It was bleedover from his guided entry into that otherwhere, a memory puddle temporarily tripping him back into that sensation of ascended reality.  He felt nervously calm, maybe a bit giddy, like he’d just gotten away with something.  His hands were still shaking, but only slightly.  Almost in control again.  He took deep breaths, and focused on Ashan.  
Ashan huffed in frustration and glanced at Kai, then back at the city.  He continued the conversation as if Poe's sudden hallucination hadn't happened.  “I'm not sure yet.  Definitely some Shenaihu involvement, but...” he frowned.  Kai nodded and followed his gaze.  Their focus was purely on the Mirades Tower.  They seemed to be studying it, translating it into some wordless language Poe could only grasp at, spinning head or not.  Perhaps that was what he had felt in that other, sharper world.  The hawk's eye of vigilance and the heightened frequencies that were a part of everything in the universe.  A near-complete oneness with everything.
“But what?” she prompted.
“I can't tell.”  He turned to her again.  “And you?”
“Definitely cold,” she said.  “Almost a feeling of tension spilling over.”
He flashed a grin at her.  “Interesting choice of words, eichi.  I wouldn't quite put it that way, but still, I have to agree.  We're on the edge right now, we’d have to go further in to know for sure.”
Kai paused before continuing.  “You didn't recognize it?”  He did not answer, his smile fading.  He glanced to the west of the city, towards the highway that snaked its way through and out.  Kai turned to Poe with the intention to ask the same question, but stopped short, finally seeing his ashen face.  Immediately she stepped to his side, ready to reach out to him.  “Alec?  Alec, are you okay?”
He looked at her, his eyes slightly swimming.  His head spun, but his inner mental workings felt calm and serene.  He felt pleasantly drunk.  He pursed his lips in an attempt to hide his amusement; they hadn’t noticed his physical reaction, only that he’d come out of that side trip mentally unscathed.  “...Akaina.”  He managed a smile.  “That...was probably the most unnerving experience I've ever had.  I think I’ll let that one soak in before we do it again.”
Kai bowed her head, blushing.  “I do apologize, Alec.  I should have warned you.”
Poe shook his head and waved away the apology.  “No way you’d have been able to.  I don't think many humans have the correct words for what I just saw.  But thanks.”
She touched him lightly on the shoulder, a comforting affirmation.  Two seconds later he felt an uncontrolled shiver run down his back, followed by an unexpected but welcoming calm.  He no longer felt dizzy.  The anxiety he’d felt since yesterday had gone away, leaving him centered and relaxed.
That had been Kai’s doing just then.  With just a quick second’s touch, she had changed his metabolism and psyche.  Soulhealer, he thought, silently thanking her.  He nodded graciously towards her.
“So what do we do?” he asked.
“First we gain access to the Mirades Tower,” he began.
Poe winced at him.  “Good luck.  Caren and I have been trying to get it since this whole thing started.  Security’s pretty damn tight down there right now, and I don't blame them.  Might be a few days before anything happens.”
“Physically can come later,” Ashan mused.  “I’m thinking more along the lines of the network.”
Poe shivered.  “…network?”
Ashan frowned.  “Something wrong?”
“Oh — you mean spiritual network,” he said, laughing nervously.  “For a moment there I thought we were going to resort to using jackers.”
“There are countless legal resources we can tap into.  Have any of the local industries made any inquiries?”
“Where should I start?” he said.  Close to eighty percent of Bridgetown's commerce had queried the Governor about an economic reaction within the first hour of the shockwave, more than twice the usual number of responses during a similar disaster.  Poe had to remind himself to think like a businessman when it came to these companies.  “Well, probably DuaLife and Khema-Jamison-Shimura.  They're always chasing us up for something, since they're joint Terran-Meraladian companies.  They've already contributed to city repairs.”
“Good, good…” he said flatly.  Clearly he wasn’t that impressed, merely content enough that someone was footing the bill.  Poe understood and felt the same way.
Kai stepped up.  “Any religious factions?” she asked.
“Nobody out of the ordinary,” he said.  “Every church in Bridgetown offered support for the injured and displaced.  Saint Paddy’s on Ormand Street is taking in the emotionally distraught, although I hear there aren’t too many.”
Kai warmed to that.  She looked out at the city again, this time with a hint of pride.  “It's good that the One of All Sacred is still held dear in this age.”
Poe let out a grunt that wasn't supposed to be heard, but made no attempt to hide it.  “Sorry,” he said.  “I grew up cynical.”
Ashan glared at him.  “Agent Poe…humans, on the surface, show reactive emotions quicker than true emotions.  What you felt today went much deeper than either of those.  What you have witnessed is the soul's emotion.  Yes, the city is healing itself.  Yes, there are those in the city who are awakening.  The tide of fear has already given way to renewal.  As much as your kind hates to admit it, you are just like us.”
Poe smirked, shaking his head.  “Don’t get me wrong, Ashan, I completely agree.  But don't get me started with the psychology.  I'm on the ARU…I've had that conversation too many times.”
Ashan studied him for a moment, mirroring Poe’s expression.  “I imagine you have.”
“Caren and I will check out the religious contacts today,” he continued.  “Contacting the industries might take longer though.  Commerce has a habit of tripping all over itself at the most inopportune moments.  Federal procedures, screening, covering their asses, that sort of thing.”
“Reminders of the Eighth Embodiment?” Ashan asked.
“More than likely,” he nodded, noting how easily the man had breached that subject.  If Ashan and Kai weren’t afraid to bring up that event, then he wasn’t going to hold back either.  “It'll take at least another day or so to get things back to normal.  If they're not dropping everything to help, they're picking up what's left to earn a profit.”
Kai nodded.  “You will find that anywhere you go, Alec.”
Poe shrugged.  “Still, I'm sure DuaLife and KJS will be the first to respond.  I've already got eyes and ears on it.  Anything we should ask them straight up?”
Ashan narrowed his eyes at him.  A strange reaction that made Poe uncomfortable.  “No, not really,” he said.  “At least not right away.  But you're a profiler, Alec.  I imagine you would want to better understand them.  Listen to them, Alec.  You obviously have the ear for it.”
Poe frowned.  “What the hell is that supposed to mean?”
He merely laughed.  “You tell me, Agent Poe.”
Poe glared at him, quite sure that his words were a comment on his bloodline.  He’d been given up for adoption, but he knew enough to know that he had a bit of Meraladian blood in him, that he could take that next step, just like Caren, and join the Mendaihu adepts.  Ashan’s words were an underhanded comment on his true surname, Eiyashné…the clan of listeners.  He’d said that not as a provocation however, but to let him know he was aware of what kind of person Poe was.  He shook his head and let it drop.  
“Are we all set here, then?” he asked.  “Anything else you’d like to cover?”
“I believe we are fine for now,” Ashan said.  “We shall of course update you on anything that may come up in our own research.”
“Let me know how we can best reach you,” Kai added.
He pulled out a business card and scribbled his and Caren’s home numbers on them, and handed it to her.  “Listen,” he said, crossing his arms.  “I want to head back to HQ and bring Caren up to speed. Again, welcome to Bridgetown, and thank you again for your assistance.  We deeply appreciate it.”
“You are most welcome,” Ashan said.  “Oh — and Alec...”
Poe arched an eyebrow at him.
“...faith, my friend.  Remember to have faith.”
He shook his head in exasperation.  “Yeah,” he said flatly.  “Sure thing.”  
Kai touched him on the shoulder.  “At least trust us.”
“Oh, that I do.”  Poe smiled briefly at her, nodding.  Again, Poe knew enough of the Mendaihu to trust them when asked.  It was the feeling he got from them.  At least that was how he would describe the sensation.  They practically radiated this trust at him.  It was a guarded trust, the only kind he knew, but it was trust nonetheless.
“Before I go, I just want to say this one thing,” he said, and stepped closer to the both of them.  “I'm still not sure where the hell it was you took me today, but you have my word.  I trust you not because the two of you have an impeccable record.  And I'm not trusting you simply because you're Mendaihu.”  He paused, letting himself come up with the right words.  “Let's just say I trust you because, while we were off in that...that otherness, I could read the two of you, as clearly as you can probably read me.  And what I saw, what I felt — I knew I could trust wholly.  You don’t need words or an oath, or anything else for that matter, to gain my trust.  You have it now, without question.”  He nodded graciously to them, a smile on his face.  “Dehndarra Né hra nyhndah, eicho d’eichi.  Peace, love and light to you both.”
The shocked look on Ashan's face was priceless.  “...and to you, Agent Poe,” he managed, eyes wide. “I...I didn't realize you followed the One that deeply.”  Kai giggled at him; apparently he’d left an impression on both of them as well.
“There's quite a bit people don't realize about me, Ashan,” he grinned.  He turned and left.








CHAPTER SEVEN
Nehalé

The last time Nehalé Usarai sensed this much excited energy in the air, he’d been a young Mendaihu in training, running through the training fields and the emptied outpost towns deep in the Wilderlands.  He must have been no older than maybe twelve years, and it had been his first training session away from his family.  He and a dozen other kids had been brought by their sehndayen-ne to an abandoned town far west of Bridgetown for two weeks of real life experience.  After three straight years of theory and heavily monitored practice, they were now to live the real thing, monitored only from a distance.  Nehalé had been a natural at leadership, and had managed to get the rest of the kids involved in creating a miniature society of their own.  He’d assigned each kid according to their own ability and strength, and within three days they were functioning as a living town of pure, positive cho-nyhndah energy of both Mendaihu and Shenaihu.  They had passed the test with high marks, the highest for an Earth-based test in decades.  He would continue his training for years more, but he would never forget the thrill he felt when they’d got that town up and running, and that purity.  It felt right somehow...he’d never felt that lovely balance before or since.  It had become his life’s aim to recreate that.
Nehalé had been listening carefully to the spirits of Bridgetown for the past day and a half, focusing on the changes in the air and the music that was the song of the soul.  He was desperate to witness the outcome of his Awakening ritual, desperately hoping that he had done the right thing.  He’d played an extremely dangerous game with Fate that night…a Declaration of Awakening of that magnitude had certainly upset the natural harmonies of that music, creating dissonance and confusion.  That spiritual balance had nearly lost its way, nearly falling into chaos.  Only now, after it was all over and his head had cleared, did he realize just how close he’d come to destroying that balance and turning it into something worse than anything the Shenaihu could have created.  Only his strength, patience, and commitment to finishing the ritual properly had kept that from happening.  If it were any other time, any other situation…any other place than Bridgetown, a mass awakening ritual would not have been disastrous…it was only now, in this time and place, that such chaos would be present.  He wanted to think of it as an evolution, the end of one cycle and the start of another, when the energies at play were at their most sensitive, easily influenced by whatever wind came by.  
The spirits had found their voice again, minutes after he’d completed his ritual.  The silence that would have followed, if the declaration had not worked, would have been more painful, more torturous than if it hadn't been performed at all.  For if they had not sung…all would be lost.  There would have been no guardians to watch over this beloved planet.  No balance of Mendaihu and Shenaihu, only chaos.
Yet beyond all expectations, the Song continued on.  The overwhelming silence of sleeping spirits had ended.  It was all music now, filling every corner of the city, every atom in the air.  Spiritual energy once dissonant became harmonic, the souls of the city reacting and interacting with each other fluidly, and they were aware of it now.  Every one of them out there, they finally understood.
He had done the right thing after all, despite his fears.
Nehalé pushed himself up and walked to the edge of the apartment roof to get a better view of the city, and of Branden Hill Park below him.  At this time of day, he could find many of the students from nearby Spender College enjoying a break in their studies, and older neighbors sitting on the concrete benches and enjoying the warm weather with a book or a picnic.  A few younger kids played ball in the field off to his left, where the park made its slow arc down to Ormand Street.  A young couple lounged halfway up the hill on a blanket, leaning in close and laughing quietly, gently touching each other like lovers would.  A few students gathered in a circle closer to the subway station near the far south corner, having quite the animated discussion.  Nehalé laughed to himself, amused by the show of such positive energy from everyone.  He could feel it from here, warming him and beckoning him to join in.
His lifted his head to face the Mirades Tower.  By sight, the dark monolith stood rock still and lifeless, perhaps a reaction to what he’d put it through.  The tower had a magnificent barrier borne out of a network of intertwining energy shields, created twenty years previous to protect those within from any outside harm, physical or otherwise.  This had been one of the deciding factors on where to perform his ritual.  While those within may or may not have been affected, the barrier had definitely shielded them from any further damage.
What he hadn’t expected, however, was the change in the spirit song just outside the barrier.
Earlier today he’d heard the mesmerizing refrains of that song of the spirits, clear as a lifted veil.  Otherworldly voices had swirled into his range of hearing, praising the light and the life they had been given.  The souls fed off the light of that sun, just as the physical state craved nourishment; the energy of that light replenished the soul, empowered it.  The potential for the soul to reach out and become more than itself grew with this power.
They are the Gharné — the true ascendants of Trisanda.
He closed his eyes and listened to the thousands of spirit voices of this otherwise quiet neighborhood of Branden Hill.  They were all there, young and old, strong and invalid, each one of them affected by his ritual.  They were as yet unaware of its true strength, only that they had woken up the next morning feeling somehow refreshed.  Many had simply written it off as having had an especially restful night’s sleep.  This positive vibe had continued well into the next day, and it was of course welcomed without question.  All that time, Nehalé listened as the energy of compassion and understanding ebbed and flowed through each person, lifting them ever closer to an enlightenment they did not know they deserved.
A whisper of air moved past him, sending a shiver through his body.  Someone was awake!  Nehalé latched onto that one breeze, that one thread of energy, brighter and keener than any other energy surrounding him, following it as it surged, spiraling in towards the Tower, and then up — the Tower acting as a transmitter to the universes — and exploding into the air above it.  Regardless of the evil that might be hidden within those walls, regardless of its unreflective black polycrete and glass, the Tower served its intended Mendaihu purpose, filtering the souls' energies with its surface, swirling together in a confluence above the city.
The Rain of Light.
He dared not look with unveiled eyes…its brilliance would blind him permanently.  Instead he closed them and faced skyward, and let the sensations speak for themselves.  He felt the Rain falling back down onto him and everyone around him like a refreshing spring shower, washing away tension and frustration.  He reveled and embraced this Rain, the energy given up then given back.  Anything sent up into the stream came back revitalized and multiplied by the light and energy of the sun and the universe.  Nehalé smiled, knowing now that his ritual had truly worked. The Rain of Light washed through him, exciting every fiber, every nerve within him.  This is what he had awakened that night, more than any other spirit in this city…he had awakened the Rain of Light, given it motion and life.
And yet...he still felt the cold, and he knew from whom it came.
The silencers remain, he thought.  He breathed slowly, the affirmation calming his growing unease.  The cold…the imperfection in the Rain, the poison in the Soul, had always been there, and always would be.  The imbalance remained, even past his cleansing, casting its own dark clouds.
It is time to congregate, he thought, letting out a sigh.  He stood on the edge of the tenement building, looking out over the Branden Hill neighborhood.
Listening, all was peaceful.
All is Light…
He stepped off the edge, into midair.  Stepped off midair into nothingness —

*

— and stepped back out of the nothingness into midair with an almost inaudible snap of air, landing midstride onto the sidewalk of Ormand Street in the McCleever District, still west of the highway.  Not that much of a distance from where he’d been, perhaps a few miles at most.  He found the pace of the sidewalk crowds and wove himself through at a decent clip, sensing and listening to the spiritsong within each person he passed by.  The mood was jovial here, expectant…these people knew what he’d done, even if they hadn’t yet figured out he was now among them, and they were eagerly awaiting the next phase.  
Many had chosen to congregate in this neighborhood, at the Sacred Church of Saint Patrick just down the street.  Once a disused house of worship nearly a century ago, Followers of the One had resurrected it as a communal church for the polytheistic believers of the Sprawl.  As the Followers knew and sensed their kind, and their practices were not restricted to houses of worship, they had no spiritual claim on the building, other than to retain its intended use.  Those ostracized from their own congregations, the spiritually curious, or those simply wishing their own religious freedom were all welcome.  Those who came lately, however, were those deeply entrenched within the realm of the One: the Warriors, the Prophets, the Elders, the Protectors, and the Listeners, Nehalé included.
The awakened presence was strong here.  The church loomed before him, placed tightly in between two modern office buildings.  It was by no means grand architecture and had been renovated and rebuilt many times over its history.  But as one of the few original churches left in the Provinces to survive nearly seven hundred years of weather and human events, and thus outlasting even recent Meraladian history, it was a rare vision of the past and retained its simple beauty.  The artistry in its arches, the gentle reach of the spires, the dozen statues of saints lining the walkway leading up to the front stairs, the ornately colored glasswork depicting scenes of religious fervor…all of it negated the sleek design of the utilitarian offices and tenements surrounding it.  It was beauty out of place.
He strolled up the walkway, climbed the short stairs and stopped under the front portico to take in the view.  It was no more than thirty yards long and about twenty wide, paved with concrete and lined with cobblestone accents.  He calculated by sight how many people could comfortably fit on the front walkway, and came up with the absurdly low number of a few hundred.   He shook his head…no, this would be too small for what he had in mind.
He opened up the heavy doors and stepped into the narthex of the church, a dark yet warm presence enveloping him in the wide and dimly lit front hall.  Instantly he felt the dizzying swirl of energies of the spiritsongs flooding the air, and the sounds of the city outside fading to a muted hum.  He took in a deep breath of warm air and incense, and smiled.  Trisanda...  He closed his eyes.  For a brief moment, he felt homesick for the planet he had never set foot on.  Trisanda, a paradise where all souls were equal in the eyes of the One of All Sacred.  The homeworld where the Mendaihu and the Shenaihu were in perfect balance with each other.  He knew of no one who had actually been there in his lifetime, and yet the ancient spiritual memories of the Meraladhza were strong in each and every person here on this planet.  Trisanda, the ancestral homeworld of all here on Gharra.  They would understand that, soon enough.
A hand dropped onto his shoulder, startling him out of his reverie.  The man’s spiritual energy felt like a stinging burst of heat through his upper torso and he flinched, gasping.  He opened his eyes and turned swiftly to see a priest smiling at him.  
“Forgive me for startling you,” the man said.
“Oh — uh, quite alright, fadayin,” Nehalé said, nervously returning the smile and hiding his still shaking nerves.  He felt the warm, protective embrace, not from a person but from a presence, the same that he felt when he’d first entered.  He felt it most strongly within the priest, a deep understanding of what it was like to be truly spiritual, truly Meraladhza.  The priest projected his aura everywhere around him and Nehalé drowned in it.  This man was Mendaihu, like him…only much, much stronger than he could ever hope to be.  He shivered with excitement and reverence.  Nehalé stood, wiping his eyes and forcing himself not to stare at the aged man.  There was no mistaking the essence he felt around the man.  An old Mendaihu in soul; possibly once part of the Council of Elders on Trisanda...
“I am Reverend Edward Miriam,” the priest said, waving his hand behind him.  “I am a Protector of the One of All Sacred.  Come, join us in mass.”  
The priest opened the heavy inner doors and led him down the central aisle of the church.  It was wide enough to fit ten men across shoulder to shoulder, or just enough space for a small ritual cleansing ceremony.  Sunlight shone from the clerestory windows above, illuminating not only the pews below but also the centuries of dust kicked up in this old church.  Nehalé walked dazedly behind the man, humbled by all he saw and felt.  No, there was no way he would use this for his own congregation…it would be heresy to do so.  The Reverend led him to an empty pew, then made his own way to the transept crossing, where he turned around and faced his followers.  Nehalé’s eyes now accustomed to the darker, musty tones brought on by candle and ambient lighting; there were far more people here than he'd noticed walking in, almost all bent over in prayer or meditation.  There must have been at least a hundred or so here; a small number for such a large church, but nonetheless a surprisingly high number for a midday service.
Again, he felt the essences of those around him, a Song of Faith whispering to the One.  This song, quite different from the everyday melody he heard outside, came with such closeness it nearly smothered his own being.  These souls...the Faithsong they cried, spoke of an unseen hope, that the One looked gently down upon them and guided them towards the path of Eternal Light.
They were Mendaihu, like him.  They were awaiting the One.
Nehalé bent down, and began praying.
All is Light, Dearest One.  We await your presence in this time of need.
Awaken, dearest One of All Sacred.  Come to us.
“Let us look back at the days before,” Reverend Miriam said, his voice echoing throughout the cathedral.  He had climbed to a raised pulpit to the left of the transept altar, leaning slightly forward, dwarfed by the architecture around him.  His voice was surprisingly strong and deep for his age, and with the help of the natural acoustics in the church he was able to reach the farthest pews.  He spoke simply and clearly, his words punctuated within by an unexpectedly powerful spiritual energy he utilized to gather in his parishioners.  He had everyone’s full attention from his first words.
“Not in the sense of wishing we were still technologically feeble and floating aimlessly, of course,” he continued, waving and smiling. “No, those days have long passed.  Instead, let us remember our youth.  Let us remember who we were, deeply, spiritually…plainly, before the strain of everyday stress and habit made us forget who we are.
“And who are we, you ask?  I tell you, we are luminous, mystical beings, all of us.  Every one of us here, in this city, on this planet, in this universe.  Inside, we have the power to create; we have the power to utilize the Light and Love the One of All Sacred has given us.  When we were young, we knew this, instinctively.  It may have left our field of vision, or fallen into our subconscious mind, but it has never left us, only showing up at the most miraculous of times.
“Each of us has had a point in our lives, some of us many, where we created; shown love to others as well as ourselves, acted on kindness, instead of reacting to a hostile situation with equal hostility.  These positive energies are what feed us; it nourishes our soul, makes it grow in Peace, Love, and Light.  And in return, we give these precious gifts to others.
“This, my brothers and sisters, eicho d’eichi, is the key.
“We are not here to simply live out our term in life.  For what would be the point?  As the One of All Sacred has said, 'as there is love in our song, there is a truth to our dance.'  There is a reason for our souls to be here on this plane, on this planet.
“Our goal, first, is to create that Love, that Light that shines within us.  It may take many forms; one of us could simply create wonderful art that brings joy to others, and some of us could become teachers of life, bringing knowledge and understanding to all around us.  Or it could be the simple joy of creating a new life to bring into the world, one we could teach, love, and nurture.
“The second part of that goal, and the most important, is to keep our reason for being alive.  It will not grow, nor will it live, if we just acknowledge its existence.  We need to feed our souls with our creations, lest they will elude us again, and we will spend our lifetime in circles, forever lost in our own pain and misery.  This path is not an easy one; you will encounter many hardships.  You will encounter those who wish you not to achieve your goal, through greed, jealousy, or ignorance.  
“The negative aspects of life are harsh...and even more, they can be tempting.  Who here has taken the easier, less problematic route, and in the end did not achieve their goal, for one reason or another?  Because they were sick of fighting for a worthless cause?  Or because no one believed in them?  Or, at worst, because they themselves didn't care anymore?
“I admit, I too have been in that situation many times, and I too have given up on more than one occasion.  But that never means once the situation is over, poof!  It's gone, never to be attained again.  Your goals never leave you.  You only get blindsided.
“All I ask of you, dear parishioners, is that you open your eyes.  Open your heart.  Open your mind.  Believe in your destination. Believe in your reason for living.  And overall, believe in yourself.
“With belief, you can move mountains.”
You will move mountains.
Reverend Miriam’s final words, spoken within and directed at every person within this church, rippled through Nehalé’s soul and sent shivers through his body.  He’d given words to precisely the same thoughts and emotions he’d been having himself and questioning.  This was the proof, the evidence he’d needed to confirm he’d done the right thing.  Yes, he thought, this is the right thing to do!   He closed his eyes, his head spinning with senses and images filtering in from the souls surrounding him.  The pure emotion behind the priest's sermon had taken him completely.  He opened his eyes to the sound of the priest's voice again within him —
However.
— and whirled around to see Reverend Miriam standing, eyes closed, swaying drunkenly in the center of the aisle, stepping towards one parishioner then to the next, wordlessly —
We are here, in this cathedral, waiting for fate.  We are here to awaken others of our kind, dear ones.  For outside, beyond these holy walls, lay the greatest enemy we have known.
— and touching those nearest him with the slightest brush of the fingers, sending those he touched into their own deep state of bliss.
They are the Shenaihu.
Nehalé caught his breath, and reached out to the priest —
They are enemies because they are our brothers and sisters in spirit, but they wish to claim what they believe is theirs.  I plead with you now: the will of the human soul was never theirs, and it never shall be.  They believe humans to be of their own, which is not true.  They are of the Gharné...the ancestors of the Meraladhza...of the Trisandi...
...of both the Shenaihu and the Mendaihu.
They are our Light, our Love, and our Hope.
— and finally connected with Miriam's shoulder as he passed by…Nehalé grabbed on and heard the doors behind him…
They have come, the Shenaihu.  They are here.
The doors behind him…a thunderous vibration began, low and rumbling at first, then growing in force and speed until a constant wave of unbridled rage hammered at those locked doors, its only aim to destroy everyone and everything within.  Nehalé stood half in and half out of the pew, terrified by this violent spiritual force.  He felt it climbing the outside walls, surging and spiking upwards in destructive waves, dislodging loose stone and brick, until it reached the heavy stained glass windows high above.  With one final push that hit him with a blow to his chest, it surged inwards, shattering the glass and raining it down on those below.  
With one gentle movement of the arm and quiet snap of the air, Reverend Miriam became a blur in front of Nehalé.  The priest was now yards away, reaching out to the shards of glass as if trying to catch them.  He lifted his hands and swept them through the air —
Peace, Love and Light be with you all, dear ones, he said calmly.
Nehalé watched the shards glittering in the sunlight — no, the shards were the sunlight, ground to harmless dust in the air…
Go now, Nehalé, the priest beckoned him.  Protect them!  Protect the Gharné!  Protect the One!
I shall, he responded.  Nehalé pushed himself out of the pew and ran for the entrance, pushing aside anyone in his way.  These poor newcomers wouldn’t stand a chance at the front lines…he had to be there himself, to fight off the bulk of the Shenaihu that would be breaking through those doors at any moment.  He reached the shrine within seconds, where he was stopped short.  He’d hit an unexpected protective barrier head-on and staggered sideways, nearly crashing to the floor.  Father Miriam must have set the barrier when he brought Nehalé inside…which made him realize that the priest must have known this attack would unfold.  Was he kiralla…a reality seer?  The thought surprised him, having found it unexpected and elementary at the same time.  Now wasn’t the time to think about this any further, though…he had a flock to protect.  He shook off the dizziness, shifting into a defensive position, ready to move or retreat.   The spiritual energy up here was made of ice, pricking uncomfortably at his skin.  
That was when he finally saw Janoss Miradesi.  The man stood quietly and patiently at the cathedral doors, arms held behind his back, as if about to attend mass himself.  He peered through the doors, never actually entering the church proper.  He glanced around curiously, watching the outcome of his actions with a small, amused grin on his face.  Parishioners were scrambling in all directions, running for any exit out of the cathedral, but avoiding the main doors.  He caught sight of Nehalé and bowed slightly.
Somfei, edha Usarai, he said within.
Nehalé shifted his feet, waiting for the man to make a move.
Janoss lifted a hand and waved two fingers in his direction, over Nehalé’s right side.  He felt a searing hot energy like a knife shooting past him, grazing his shoulder and twisting him backwards.  Behind him, he heard another shattering of glass, this time high up in the clerestories, imploding inwards toward the central aisle from both sides.  He smiled as he watched.
What was he doing here?  He was Shenaihu, an acolyte of the great Dahné Shenaihu leader, but it made no sense.  For someone so high up to respond to his ritual, and with such violence…!
Janoss!  Nehalé leered at him.  Leave them alone!  It’s me you want!
“Yes,” he said, and twitch a hand in his direction.  Nehalé felt the air around him suddenly turn to ice, and instinctively whipped his arm up in front of his chest for protection.  Janoss was cutting away his skin to reveal the bare spirit within, so much like a Watcher of souls…and stopped just shy of crushing him.  Nehalé twitched and cried out, but stood his ground the best he could.  Janoss held him there for a brief agonizing second, toying with him, and let go.
Not yet, he said.  We’re not even yet.  Janoss smiled, bowed again, and started to leave.
“Janoss!” Nehalé screamed, and moved forward despite the pain.
Instantly a dozen Shenaihu, all pale and clad in black, tore through the doors and whipped them aside with such force they cracked nearly in half.  A second later they were lost in the semidarkness of the cathedral before Nehalé could resume his defensive stance.
Then he heard the screams.
Felt the knife-twist of pain and the loss of Spirit being torn from Body.
They were killing parishioners. 








CHAPTER EIGHT
Caren

Anando, who are you?
Caren frowned as she stared at the monitor on her desk, arms crossed tightly across her chest.  She really should have been looking for that rogue Mendaihu, but with Poe up at the Crest and Sheila out doing the rounds with Nick, she was flying solo in the office again.  She should have joined Poe, thinking back on it.  Last night’s dream had bothered the hell out of her, though…she had to know who this Anando Shalei was.  Obviously a Mendaihu from the same clan as the investigative siblings, but she highly doubted they were close relations.  It just felt wrong somehow…not in a bad way, but logically.  He was cut from a completely different cloth.
She might not be a fully trained Mendaihu, but she could certainly spiritsense well enough to know that this was a real thing.  He had definitely contacted her — in her lumisha dea, no less — and had told her they would meet each other again.  Briefly she entertained the thought…had they met during their college years, on campus somewhere or at a party?  But she would have remembered someone like Anando.  He definitely would have left an impression, given the one he left last night.
It should have been easy enough to find him in the general census database.  Even though Shalei was an extremely common clan name, ‘Anando’ was a rarity.  There were about a thousand or so ‘A. Shalei’ entries in Central Bridgetown alone, and possibly more in the outpost villages nearby.  She had no time or inclination to dig through each and every one of them, and it wasn’t that important to find Anando right this second, but her curiosity was just enough to continue just for a bit longer.  He was in the city, that much she knew from her sensing, so she narrowed the search parameters and tried again.  A second search by race — looking up Meraladian only this time — cut the number of hits in half, but it was still too much to search through.  Maybe by district?  It was worth a shot.  The highest concentration of Mendaihu in the city was in and around the McCleever District.  As an afterthought she added her own neighborhood of Berndette Sector, just in case he really was as close by as he’d said.
She watched the search run its course, laughing to herself.  Why was she doing this?  Anando had no part in the awakening ritual at all as far as she knew.  But he’d shown up in her most private and personal of places, and he had done so for a reason.  And she had recognized his spirit’s signature, connected at a spiritual level with him.  She’d never questioned or even entertained the thought of her soul’s previous lifetime…she understood and respected the Meraladian belief of spiritual incarnation, maybe even wished she could believe it herself, but had never seriously contemplated it for any length of time.  But now…
Who was this Anando, who had shaken her spiritual foundation?
The answer to that question came a few minutes later.  After a few more parameter tweaks, she narrowed the list down to three Anandos in the city: an extremely old man living in a nursing home in westside McCleever, a middle-aged businessman in Berndette with two children and a wife…and a graduate student almost exactly seven years her junior, living on his own in eastside McCleever, near the warehouses.
She shivered and giggled, feeling stupid and giddy at the same time.  That last one had to be him!
“Hey, there you are!”
Caren nearly jumped out of her seat at the loud voice.  Sheila stood in the doorway, leaning against the frame with her arms crossed.  She had a wide grin on her face and a rolled-up vidmat in her hand.  Without preamble she entered the office and took a seat behind Poe’s desk.  “I can see I might have interrupted a few things,” she said flatly.
Caren laughed despite her face turning red.  “Impeccable timing as always, dear,” she said, saving her final search and closing down the database.  She’d look further into the mystery of Anando at a later time, when everything calmed down.  Finally giving her full attention, she gestured at the vidmat.  “I see you’ve been busy.  Got something for us?”
“That I do,” Sheila smiled.  “A few things, actually.  I assume Poe is up at the Crest at the moment, yes?  Pity…he’d want to know about this as well.”  She unfurled the vidmat on the desk in front of her, tapped her security code in, and started opening up a few files.  She was acting like a kid itching to spill a juicy secret, just like Matthew had, and she had to bite her cheek to keep from laughing.  
“First things first,” she said.  “Remember that bit Rieflin talked about the other day?  About people gathering somewhere in the Waterfront?”  Caren nodded.  She’d been surprised and blindsided by that moment, just like everyone else had at the ARU, but she hadn’t had time to follow up on it.  “Yeah, I thought that was kind of odd too.  Pretty damn sure they mean one of the empty warehouses down there, that’s the only place that’ll fit that many people comfortably.  That’s also something our department would’ve had knowledge on right away.  You don’t have a spiritual gathering of any kind without someone here knowing about it.  That made me think: either he knows where the warehouse is and won’t tell us, or he doesn’t know, and it’s possible it’s a rumor.”
“You requested more information, I take it?” Caren asked.
“Yes, and of course they weren’t going to give it.  At least not right away.  I’m figuring it’ll be leaked within a few days, though.  So…”  She tapped on a file and opened it up, and turned the vidmat in her direction.  It was an impressively long list of warehouse names in that district, color-coded and subdivided into different columns.  Many of the names had been stricken.  “I eliminated all the warehouses owned by the government, businesses we’ve confirmed have no spiritual or religious ties, and others that we know are condemned.  That left only about a dozen or so possible places.  So I had Nick call in a favor from one of his coworkers in PD.  They didn’t give a name, of course, but they gave us an idea where to look.”
Caren glanced down again, and frowned.  One name was circled: Moulding.  It was an old building that hadn’t been used for storage or shipping in quite some time, but given that it was still in great structural shape, it was often rented out short-term to various parties.
“You think they’re establishing camp here?” she asked.
“Quite sure about that,” she said.  “Nick took a drive past there a few hours ago, and noticed a higher than normal amount of foot traffic and plainclothes officers floating around.”
Caren thought about this for a few moments.  Did they really need to know about followers of the One of All Sacred gathering together to pray?  If the BMPD were keeping the peace, there was little the ARU could do other than back them up if they needed help.  And it sounded like it was a peaceful gathering.  On the other hand, there was the possibility this could be a gathering of resources.  She hated to entertain the thought…but this could be a Mendaihu congregation, freshly awakened and awaiting further instruction.  
“We need someone down there,” Caren said.  “I need you and Nick —”
Sheila cut her off with a wide grin.  “Already on it.  Right now we’re plugged into the traffic feed down there.  The warehouse takes up nearly the whole block, so we have all four intersections available, and that should cover outside.  But we’ll make our way down there soon enough.”
Caren nodded.  She’d have liked to have someone there now, but she trusted Sheila enough to make up for it in other ways.  “And the second thing?”
“The second thing…” she said, twisted the vidmat back in her direction, and tapped open a few more files.  She hummed quietly to herself, a kid with a secret she couldn’t contain any longer.  “It’s really a pity that Alec isn’t here, he’d want to know as well.  Guess who owns it.”  She turned the vidmat back to Caren and pushed it her way.  On the screen was the picture and statistics of a man in his late thirties.  He looked fit and strong for his age, not exactly handsome but definitely someone charismatic.  In this picture he held himself with conviction, sure of whatever he aimed for.  He wore a black trench coat over a black bodysuit.  On his shoulder was a patch of two intersecting circles.
He was wearing the official gear of a Mendaihu Elder.
“That’s our guy,” Sheila said, a proud smile on her face.  “Just confirmed it.  Matches our witnesses’ descriptions, right down to the spirit signature.”

*

Poe returned from the Crest a little over an hour later, and she filled him in with the details.  “Nehalé Usarai,” she said, reading off the man’s CV again.  “He’s a Meraladian Mendaihu, a high-level soulhealer, registered sehndayen-ne and has taught in nearly all the Sectors at one point or another, you name it.  He’s also a registered Elder, which could make things slippery.  Apparently he’s known around McCleever and Waterfront as…well, as a savior.  Goes out of his way to treat the downtrodden.  Healings, general assistance, the whole lot.  Very big on the community service.  He owns a few of the old warehouses down there, rents them out seasonally.  Reports say he’s been there within the past week as well.”
Poe frowned, leaning back in his chair and taking it all in.  “This is too easy,” he huffed.  “He’s done everything short of turning himself in.”
Caren shared in his skepticism.  “That's what I thought as well…that’s why it’s imperative that we actually follow procedure, make sure we know it’s him.  He has an apartment on Jamison Avenue, overlooking Branden Hill Park.  I’m expecting he’s already off the grid, but Nick and Sheila are looking into it right now.  They also put a highlight on his direct employer, Kindeiya Shalei at DuaLife.  Nehalé works in the Re-Gen Therapy department there.  Guess he really is a genius at soulhealing, from what info Sheila got out of Kindeiya.  He’s supposed to be calling us back.”
He nodded, pleased that the case was moving again.  “The meeting up at the Crest went well,” he said as a change of conversation.  “Kai and Ashan.  Interesting team, those two.  Nice people.  Take their job very seriously.”  He let out a nervous breath.  “Let’s just say they gave me an interesting view of the city,” he added quietly, and described to her what he’d gone through and what he’d seen.  “Suffice it to say I'm still a bit unsettled by it.”
She stared at him, grinning.  “Damn, Poe.  You get all the good jobs.  I've never experienced that before.  What did they have to say?”
“They want a closer view,” he said.  “They agree, it’s hinting at another uprising, but they won’t commit to it just yet.”
“It’s frustrating,” she said.  “We have a crime, a perpetrator, and the crime scene — but no solid motive.  Maybe we’ll get lucky and Kindeiya will spill everything.”
“Wishful thinking,” he laughed, but it was hollow.  He was still on edge from his abbreviated journey into that spiritual otherworld, and it showed.  He looked around, glancing at the wall vidmat and at the other media screens in the room.  “It bothers me as well,” he said in a low tone.  “The motive for the awakening ritual.  If the One of All Sacred is going to return, now would be a good time to start praying.”
“Goddess, Poe.”  Caren stared at him hard.  “Don’t even joke about that.” 
“I’m not.”
After a pause, she looked away, frustrated.  “I don't like this.”
“Neither do I.”  They both said nothing for a long while.  Poe glanced at their open office door, noticing that the hallway chatter had died out, meaning the governor’s State of the Province speech would start soon.  Finally, he stood up, stretched, and leaned over his chair.  “What do we have on edha Usarai?” he asked.  “I mean, aside from what Nick and Sheila uncovered?”
Caren looked down distractedly at the vidmat in front of her.  “I called Peter in Records, he's looking deeper into Usarai’s history.”  She paused, thinking.  “Usarai, Poe…the ‘knowledge clan,’ right?”
“Well, Usara is,” he nodded.  “But Usarai is a sub-clan.  I'd assume they're the same, by virtue of heredity.  He's definitely intelligent, and he’s definitely a community leader.”
Caren pondered about that for a moment.  “That's what I thought,” she said.  “I thought of calling Matt about that, see if there's a link between this guy and the Shenaihu.  First, though, I need to call DuaLife, see what edha Kindeiya wants to tell me.  You want to visit Peter for me?  He should have what we want by now.”
Poe reached for his commlink.  “I'll page him.”
Peter Fancher ran the Records Department like a library of sacred texts and was not much of a social person at all.  Records was housed in a cold, dimly lit seventh floor room, dark except for the soft glow of vidscreens and study lights, and he watched over the library like a hawk.  He ran one of the most complete, up to date census and data collections in the Sprawl, barring the Data Research Library.  He could get anything within a half hour, and he was thorough.  And time was something they did not have.  Poe confirmed the data was ready and pocketed his cell phone.  “We're good to go,” he said, already halfway out the office door.

*

“Johnson?”
Caren looked up from reading the Nehalé Usarai report, the voice unexpected.  Chief Inspector Farraway stood in the doorway, arms crossed and his right shoulder leaning against the frame.  He looked alive and rested, far from the overly stressed version of the man she’d seen just days ago.  He was smiling, a tender, fatherly smile he’d shared with her since she was a young cadet, introduced by her parents.  She frowned…something was up.
“Hey, chief,” she waved.  “Come on in.  What brings you out of your cage?”
“The first hour of peace I’ve had in the last two days,” he said, shaking his head.  “How are things?”
“Things are good, sir,” she nodded, gesturing with her vidmat tablet.  “Reading up on Nick and Sheila’s report.  Just want to familiarize myself with it.”
He hummed in response, and looked away.  “Listen…” he started.  “I…uh…”  He stopped, his smile fading.  He pushed heavily off the door frame and crossed the room, dropping into Poe’s chair.  “Listen,” he said again, his voice much quieter.  “Is everything all right with you?”
Caren frowned.  Odd question…  “As well as can be, sir.  Stressed out, but nothing out of the normal.  Why do you ask?”
“I…” he sighed, and let out a pathetic laugh.  “I apologize...I’ll be straight with you, I’m concerned about you and your team.  When someone spiritually awakens half the Sprawl, you start thinking less about the numbers, and more about the fallout.  No problems with Denni?”
She sat up and placed both hands flat on the desk, facing him directly.  “What is this really about, sir?” she asked slowly.
Farraway knew he couldn’t avoid the subject any further, and looked her straight in the eyes.  “I’m worried about you,” he said.  “And that the ritual may have triggered some not-so-pleasant memories.”
She pursed her lips and hid her anger.  “None that I know of,” she said warily.  “Denni’s okay…everything’s fine.”
That answer appeased him.  A smile took its time crossing his face, his head still hung low.  He was gripping his hands tightly.  “That’s good to hear,” he said.  Finally, he pushed himself up and headed back to the door, only to stop a second later.  The joviality had completely left his face.  “That shockwave hit a hell of a lot of people in our city, Caren.  I know it reached all the way up your end of town.  I’m concerned about the two of you.”
Caren remained aloof.  “Really, sir.  All is fine.  Poe’s grumpy as hell and I’ve been biting people’s heads off, but you know how we get when we’re overtired.  All’s well, sir.”
Farraway nodded.  “That’s good to hear,” he said.  “You guys have kicked ass the last few days, don’t think I haven’t noticed.  Thanks, I definitely appreciate it.”
The compliment took her off guard.  “You’re welcome, sir,” she said with a blush.
He shook his head at her.  “Come on, Caren, stop with the ‘sir’ already.  I’ve known you since you were a kid.  ‘Dylan’ is good enough.”
Like that would ever happen!  “Sure thing, sir,” she winked at him.
He laughed, waving as he left.

*

The audiophone on the desk rang, something that had not happened for at least two years. Caren stared at it, letting it ring a few more times, wondering who had gotten a hold of this private and secure interoffice number.  Matthew?  No…he never used these things anymore, he would have hacked the vidmat instead.  I didn’t even know this thing still worked, she mused, punching the speakerphone function on.  “Alien Relations Unit, Special Agent Caren Johnson,” she answered.
“Eh...”  The caller stumbled, as if not expecting her to answer.  “This is emha Caren Johnson?”  Caren frowned.  The voice sounded familiar, even calm and soothing, much like a soulhealer's.  She caught the well-mannered tone of the voice and huffed quietly at the title he’d given her.  Humans rarely took a Meraladian title unless it had been earned and especially rare if given by a Mendaihu.  She hadn’t come even close to earning it at all.
“Agent Johnson will do,” she said as nicely as she could.  “May I ask who's calling?”
“This is Kindeiya Shalei, from DuaLife,” the man said pleasantly.
It’s about time he called, she thought.  She tapped the pen in her hand softly on the desk.  “I appreciate your call, sir,” she said as confidently and amicably as she could.  “I understand you may have a busy schedule, but I have a few —”
“Agent Johnson,” he interrupted.  “By any chance, were you related to Agents Aram and Celine Johnson?  Didn’t they also have a second daughter…Dennise, I believe?”
The unexpected question hit her squarely in the gut.  Goddess, that was blunt!  What the hell did that have to do with anything?  She very nearly slammed the phone down on him, but instead, as she was trained to do, she let it go.  She took a long breath, two of them, and answered in a very quiet, forced tone as a hint to never bring that up again.  “They were my parents.  Sir.”
“Oh...!” he gasped, suddenly aware of the faux pas.  “I do apologize.”
“Accepted, edha Shalei,” she said.
She swore he could hear his courteous smile.  “Please, emha, call me Kindeiya.  So — down to business, then.  I was contacted by Agent Kennedy in the past half hour, asking for information on one of our employees, and said I could pass it along to you.”
“Wonderful.  Please, call me Caren.”  She weighed how much information to give him, and decided not to put everything on the table just yet.  “We're looking into one of your associates, Nehalé Usarai, part of the Re-Gen Therapy department.  We have reason to believe he might have information regarding the unsanctioned ritual.”
“It was an Awakening ritual,” he said without preamble.  “And an enormous and powerful ritual at that.  Something of that intensity is mostly used offworld, on some CNF-sponsored minor planet perhaps.  Despite its connotations, however, it’s not a religious ritual — spiritual, yes, but not religious.”  He stopped.  His pause was almost leisurely.  “To answer your question, my dear: I know for a fact that Nehalé Usarai was directly involved.”
Caren opened her mouth, then shut it again.  How the hell could she respond to that?  She was torn between surprise and distrust.  Why would he reveal the truth so openly like that?  If he knew Nehalé was involved, he should have reported it to the ARU already — hell, he should have reported it before it ever happened!  What was Kindeiya hiding?  
She chose to err on the side of caution with this man.  “Nehalé is involved, you said?”
“Yes, emha.  Still is, to some extent.”
She started reaching for her pager to contact Poe.  “How so?”
She could hear the smile on his face.  “He was the one who performed the ritual.  I must say this, though: Governor Rieflin has it all wrong, it’s not a terrorist act at all.  It’s the start of a new consciousness.”
“A new…wait.  What?”  She covered herself by backtracking to the previous comment.  She had to regain control of the conversation, and quickly.  “How do you know he performed it?”
“My friend edha Usarai is a very integral part of the Regenerative Genetics Department here at DuaLife,” he said.  “He is our Supervising Soulhealer for recuperating patients going through Re-Gen.  Fascinating work.  He uses his Mendaihu abilities to teach Re-Gen patients how to get in tune with their bodies as well as their spirits…he teaches them how to heal physically as well as spiritually when they have Re-Gen surgery done.  He’s got a ninety-nine percent success rate.”
Caren hid a grunt of annoyance.  “That’s impressive, but it doesn't tell me anything I need to know, edha.  Please answer the question.”
Kindeiya's voice suddenly turned apologetic.  “I am truly sorry, emha Caren, but it is actually a very integral part of the explanation behind Nehalé's actions.  I have known him both as Meraladian and Mendaihu for many years.  And he has always been destined to begin the Great Cleansing.”
Oh, shit.  Caren let out a long breath of frustration as a chill ran down her back.  We’re going there, aren’t we?  Nehalé had considered himself the next prophet with a mission to awaken the One, just like Poe had suggested.  She sighed quietly and continued.  “Are you sure this is a spiritual cleansing?  For all we know, he may just be a renegade Mendaihu willing to cause a bit of expensive anarchy.”
“No, not Nehalé,” he said.  “He does nothing without reason.  He has only begun the process of Awakening.”
Caren shook her head, annoyed at this constant glorifying.  “Okay, okay.  Let’s say for the moment we’ve already established that.  Now we need the why.”
“The shimshiya, emha Caren, as they called it so long ago.  An endgame.  The time when the Shenaihu and the Mendaihu band together for peace.”
Peace…?  She really wanted to scream now.  “We haven’t had an insurgence since the last Embodiment of the One, Kindeiya.  I believe we still have that peace.”
“You truly believe that?” he asked.
Caren faltered, despite her convictions.  She may have Mendaihu blood within her, but she couldn’t bring herself to follow its spiritual flow.  There were just too many unanswered questions, too many indefinites.  To be brutally honest with herself, she really didn’t know what to believe at this point.  She was too afraid.
“Ah…dear me,” he exhaled.  “I believe your silence would answer the question, I’m afraid.”
“Excuse me?”
“I’m sorry, edha Johnson, but I can’t accept that the ARU believes that.”
Don’t say it… she reminded herself.  Don’t tell this guy off.  Don’t let him get to you…hra khera, hra mehra…  “Kindeiya...let me speak truthfully.  If, in fact, you believe edha Usarai is some harbinger of doom or the messiah of enlightenment, it's hardly anything the Alien Relations Unit can go on.  I hope you can understand, edha…as much as we understand and appreciate the spiritual undercurrent of this event, edha Usarai has broken the law.  He may have performed a miracle with the Awakening ritual, and the Ninth Embodiment may already be here…but it was not sanctioned, and in the process he may have endangered the citizens of Bridgetown.  That’s not just a handful of people, edha…that’s millions of people.  The ARU’s primary objective is to serve and protect those people — Earthers, Gharné, Meraladhza, Shenaihu or Mendaihu, all of them.  We cannot get personally involved in spiritual politics.  If you can come down to our Branden Hill headquarters and give me a written statement on your knowledge of Nehalé’s involvement, then I have no problem.  You do know that if he readily admits guilt, we're talking, easily, life imprisonment on Runeia.  He's just lucky he has the Mendaihu to back him up, or it could be worse.”
He hummed introspectively.  “Well, emha — ”
Damn it all!  “And another thing, Kindeiya.  Please know that I'm not Mendaihu.  Miss Johnson or just plain Caren, okay?”
He seemed shocked at that admission, and waited a beat before he responded.  “My apologies, Caren.  When another Mendaihu assumes...”
“Right,” she grumbled.  What a prick.  “Carrying on…”
Kindeiya let out a very long sigh that Caren took immediately as snobbish disdain.  “Caren, as much as I would like to give you the pertinent information regarding Nehalé and the Awakening Ritual, I am afraid there is little you can do with it at this time.  For you see, it is information only a Mendaihu would be able to understand, for there are many levels and nuances.  An untrained Mendaihu would not be able to grasp it, let alone retain it.”
Oh, for the love of... Caren huffed.  Poe was right, he was one of those Meraladians...  Well, if he wants to pull spiritual politics into it...
“Fine,” she said, adding a nice frost to her words.  “You need a Mendaihu?  You got one.  Two, to be exact.  I'll have Agents Akaina and Ashyntoya Shalei from NewCanta Province contact you.  They're on board with us in this investigation.  I'm sure they'll be more than willing to explain it to us.”
The names took him by surprise, causing yet another change in his tone of voice.  She wasn’t sure how, though…lighter?  Calmer?  “I see,” he said eventually.  “That does make things easier, emha — I’m sorry, Miss Johnson.”  She couldn't be sure, but that perfect voice seemed to waver.  “Have them call me at their leisure.  Again, I apologize.  My intents are only to assist the ARU and ensure the safety of the citizens of Bridgetown.”
Goddess.  She slammed the pen flat on the desk blotter.  She was glad he couldn't see her on vidphone, as she had a strong temptation to gesture obscenely at him.  “Apology accepted, Kindeiya,” she said as evenly as she could.  “I shall have the Mendaihu agents contact you as soon as they possibly can.”
He gave her his courtesies for a few more moments before hanging up.  She cursed and exhaled, frustrated with herself.  It should not have been that easy to get her that riled up, but he’d pushed all the right buttons in quick succession right from the start by mentioning her parents.  Kindeiya Shalei had to have been an expert-level soulhealer…he’d used his own voice as a calming device, and used it so deftly that she hadn’t noticed she’d been diverted until much too late.  She was mad at herself now; she’d been trained to deflect aural influence like this by her own parents over a decade ago, so why had he done it so easily?  What kind of Mendaihu was he?  Unable to sit quietly now, or even concentrate on paperwork, she buzzed Poe.  He picked up after three rings, much longer than his usual wait.  “Hey,” she said.  “What took you so long?”
Poe chuckled.  “Fancher is just giving me the usual problems up here.  I swear he treats Records like the Schœnsfeld Museum.  He just shooed me out into the hallway because my comm went off.”
“Any luck?” she asked.
“I just got here a few minutes ago.  I got a weird call from Sheila…she didn’t give too many details, but said Dispatch sent them over to Saint Patrick’s to investigate a possible B and E.  That, and Farraway stopped me in the hallway on the way up, asked me if everything was going okay.”
Caren frowned.  “He did the same to me.”
“Huh — well, I’m just about to pick the info up now, I’ll be down in a few minutes or so.”
“Well, make it quick.  I've got one hell of a story to tell you.  I've just had the most blessedly frustrating conversation I've ever had since I teamed up with you.”
Poe paused, letting that good-natured jibe sink in.  “Worse than me?  That’s new.”
“Yeah, believe it.  It was Kindeiya Shalei, Alec.  Nehalé's boss.  The man is insane, I tell you.  Either that, or a Prophet of the One.”  With a chuckle, she added, “Probably both.  Beautiful voice, though.”
“It's been altered,” he said.  “Synthetic vocal cords, when the real ones gave out to cancer.  Read about it a few years ago…one of DuaLife’s biggest Re-Gen achievements.”
Somehow that didn’t surprise her.  “Listen…try to get here as soon as possible.  He's quite certain that Nehalé Usarai not only performed an Awakening Ritual, but he may be a Warrior of the One of All Sacred.”
Poe paused.  “A Warrior?  How did you get that?”
“Well...he didn't say in so many words.  But the nuance was definitely there.  Couldn’t stop gushing about how wonderful the guy is.  Thinks he’s about to save the world by spiritual unity.”
“We’re talking nuances now?  Maybe you are a Mendaihu,” he said.  Quickly, sheepishly, he added: “Sorry.”
Shit.  Not him too.
Caren tensed, and then let her breath out slowly.  “Just get down here when you can, Alec.”  She slammed down the phone before he could answer.

*

Poe strolled into the office minutes later, a data crystal twirling between fingers and an apology written on his face.  “I'm sorry, Caren,” he said quietly.  “I shouldn't have said that.”
Caren waved the apology off.  “Don’t worry about it.  I should be used to it by now.  Besides, Kindeiya started it, not you.”  She nodded at the crystal.  “What did you get from Peter?”
A relieved smile crossed his face.  “Nehalé is DuaLife’s top Re-Gen therapist...”
“So says Kindeiya,” she said.  “He couldn’t say enough good words about him.”
He held up the crystal between them.  “I've got all his vitals on here, stuff we already have.  An up-to-date holo, his address, tax forms, finances, likes and dislikes, favorite food...”
“Wonderful.  Give me his blood type and we’ll have ourselves a damned fan club.”
Poe smirked at her.  “That’s not far from the truth. Peter gave us a listing of associates he has, Mendaihu and otherwise.  I put hyperlinks on those names to the database upstairs, just in case.”  Caren watched him grin madly as he crossed the room to the terminal flanking the far wall.
Caren crossed her arms.  “So?  What does that tell us?”
“Patience, my friend,” he said with a wave of a hand.  His fingers worked deftly at the keypad, calling up the data from the crystal.  An absurdly long list of document files began scrolling down the screen, which he began sifting through, opening up the ones he’d flagged earlier.  It took more than a few minutes to bring up everything.  Could all this information be connected to Nehalé?  Caren doubted it…a lot of it had to be tangential.  No one had files on them this big that weren’t locked up at the Intelligence Bureau.
Caren cleared her throat.  “Patience is the one thing I don't have today, Poe.  Is there a point in the near future?”
“Er...yeah.  Hang on.”  A few more keystrokes opened up a file marked ‘Mendaihu’ and he was done.  “Check out this list,” he said, tapping the screen.  “It might interest you.  You'll never guess who's on here.”
She walked up behind him, and leaned over to take a look.  Hendiri, Usara, Shalei, Akandarra…Mirades, Kaalen, Dhumélis, Nisiriandis...the surnames were all common clan names, nothing surprising.  The given names that matched them were not familiar in the least...until she came near to the end of that first page.
Anando Shalei.
Caren felt a shiver of unexpected giddiness.  Anando...!  “Hold on a second,” she said, sounding a little more excited than she'd wanted, but curiosity had gotten the best of her.  “Who's that?  Back up a page.  Last column, third from last.”
Poe scrolled back and followed her finger.  “Who...this guy?”  He highlighted the name, a quarter-screen size image popping up on the right side of the screen.  It dawned on her just then that she had no visual image of Anando, only his voice.  She had no idea what he looked like.  But that voice…professional as she was, something about that voice had stirred something within her.
She stared at the screen.  Anando was handsome but not striking, a Meraladian of average build.  He wore closely cropped blonde-brown hair in the spiky nonconformist style of the McCleever gangs, though he wore no piercings, tattoos or enhancements.  He lived in Poe's corner of the McCleever District, on the main strip of McCleever Street itself, near the DuaLife main facility where he interned.  Deep in the heart of the worst part of Bridgetown.
Caren shivered.  This could be the Anando she'd dreamed of.
Anando.  I've found you.  And then, belatedly: Why are you on this list?  Who are you to Nehalé Usarai?
“Uh...yeah.  That guy,” she said, not without embarrassment.  “Sorry.  Just a Mendaihu hunch, I suppose.  I’ll get back to you on that.”
Poe shot her a sideways glance.  “Don't tell me I've got more people to look up,” he said.  “Besides, he's not the one I'm looking for.  The one you have to see is...well, it’s around here somewhere.”  He continued scrolling down the list.  He began to say something, stopped, and pointed to a name.  “There.  Kindeiya Shalei.”
“So?  He’s Nehalé’s boss, of course he’d be there.”
“Yes…but this list?  I purposely avoided grabbing work associates or patients unless there was a viable reason.  More to the point, I specifically narrowed the search to only include connections to the Mendaihu — any events, actions, rituals, meetings.  Something where he’d go out of his way to meet with one of them, or perform something for them.  Suffice it to say, he’s been quite the busybody over the last year or so, and Kindeiya Shalei has been there by his side through a good portion of it.”
Caren frowned deeply.  “We’re being left in the dark, Poe.  Any other coincidences happen today that I should know about?”
“Not that I know of,” he muttered, looking at her with concern.
Finding Kindeiya on the list had actually been less than surprising, being Nehalé's boss.  His inclusion only made matters more complicated, however, now that she knew both men to be Mendaihu.  There had to be a specific reason for him to be on it.  Most associate lists on files usually stretched to about two dozen at most.  Nehalé's list was nearing a few hundred.
“How does he know all these Mendaihu, Poe?  I know they have empathic memory of everyone they meet, but this is a bit much.  Peter’s not that meticulous in his data retrieval.  You sure these aren’t complete strangers that once gave him directions eight years ago?”
“No…these are all current,” he said, studying the screen.  “The guy gets around, apparently.  It’s like you said, it’s as if he's like a local god in the Waterfront Sector.  Most of the Mendaihu on this list are from that district.  He helps them back on their feet again.  Trains them to become honest citizens.  He's the ultimate Samaritan down there.”
Caren frowned.  “Samaritan?” she said.  “The ARU…hell, the BMPD would have noticed him down there right away.  He sounds more like a shepherd —”  
A shepherd.  Her hands clenched at her side and she winced.  “No,” she said.
Poe turned to her.  “No?  No what?”
Pashyo!  She pushed herself away from his chair and began to pace the room.  She furrowed her brows; nervous hands moved in separate directions, as if alternately looking for something to hold and expressing something she couldn’t find the words for.  The chill returned again, stopping her in the middle of the room with a shiver.  Somehow everything about this case began to fall into place with disturbing clarity…the Awakening Ritual, Nehalé Usarai, the shockwave…even her own odd behavior at that moment.
Have I?  She called out to her parents, though dreading an answer.  That night.  Have I awakened?  Am I Mendaihu after all?
“No what, Caren?” Poe demanded.  “What —”
“That's not the motive, Poe,” she cut in.  “He's not trying to become a Samaritan in any way down there, especially for numbers that large.  That's not the Mendaihu way.  They don't go looking for a savior when they've got The One of All Sacred.  No, he's...he's...”  Just as quickly, she stuttered to a halt as words eluded her.  He's leading them...?  No, not leading...
Awakening.  And I got caught up in it.
He swiveled around in the chair.  “What the hell are you talking about?”
“He's gathering them, Poe.  Don't you see that?”  She whirled at him, waving hands at him.  He flinched and pushed back in his chair.  Suddenly self-conscious of her movements, she backed up to the opposite wall and shoved her hands into pockets.  Her mouth was dry and she couldn’t stop the nervous shaking.  “He's gathering the flock.  Think about it, Poe.  He's got all these Mendaihu listed, mostly from the Waterfront.  One of the poorest neighborhoods in the Sprawl.   Don't tell me you're not seeing the religious imagery here.”
Poe arched an eyebrow at her.  “Well, from you I am.”
“Fair enough.  But that’s what’s going on, I’m sure of it.  He's raising a Mendaihu army of some kind.  He knows the Shenaihu are going to respond to his ritual, and it's just a matter of when.  The answer’s been staring us in the face, Poe…and we’ve been too damned afraid to face it.”
Poe let that sink in for a few seconds.  He stood up and began pacing himself, but stopped after five steps, standing in front of her.  Goddess knew what he was thinking of her right now.  Time for a vacation, she mused.  Caren, you've been poisoned by the job.  Get out while you can.
“Why haven't you been affected?” he asked, his voice quiet.
Caren looked him in the eyes.  “I’m sure I already have.”
“And Denni…?”
She couldn’t respond, but she didn’t have to.  Poe already knew.
The piercing buzz of the hailing interoffice vidmat interrupted the uncomfortable silence and closeness between them.  The screen behind Poe blinked to life, the image of Cilla from Dispatch partially blocked by Poe's body.  He didn't move or turn around.
“Uh...hey,” Cilla said, realizing she'd interrupted something.  “Just called to tell you that Nick and Sheila took a call for a disturbance at St. Patrick’s on Ormand, but they said they'd be back as soon as it was taken care of.”
Caren felt the chill race up the back of her neck.  She poked her head around Poe's shoulder and managed a weak smile.  “Thanks, Cilla.  Let me know when they come in.”
Yes, she thought.  Falling together way too easily.
The dispatch officer took that as a sign to leave them alone, nodded an apology and disconnected.
Poe smiled wanly.  “Huh.  St. Patrick's.  Let's hope that Father Miriam's okay.”
Father Miriam — another flash of memory.  The hazy memory of Matthew Davison's voice the morning after the Awakening Ritual: Go talk to Reverend Miriam if you need a spiritual explanation.  Caren closed her eyes and leaned her head up against the wall.  “Poe, I...”  She trailed off.  She felt a shift in her equilibrium, a slight dizziness.  Not enough to faint, but just enough to catch her off balance.  She’d felt this before, years ago…back when her latent Mendaihu blood had begun to flow within her body.  She knew this feeling intimately, and it scared the hell out of her.  This was reality seeing, a rare Mendaihu trait where her brain went into overdrive, processing every speck of information given to her and coming up with all possible outcomes at once.  She’d only felt this once, years ago when it had manifested itself in her teens.  Her parents had taught her how to keep it under control, but now it was too late.  She couldn’t hold this back any more.  The slow whirling in her head suddenly took on momentum, and then it was too late to try to calm it.
There was no question now.  She herself had been awakened.
Father Miriam...Damn it!  No!  She squeezed her eyes shut.  Stop thinking so damn much!  But again, she could not stop once she had started--
Father Miriam...Elder Myras Usara.  A Terran English alias.
A locked-away childhood memory blasted itself painfully into the forefront.
Twenty-five years ago.  An image of a Priest of the One of All Sacred blessing the Mendaihu at St. Patrick's Cathedral before a battle.  Men and women, Meraladian and Gharné alike, filling the church.  She remembered being there, a young kid just turning ten, but she remembered clearly.  We’re so proud of you, Karinna…  Her parents, flanking her, both looking down over their shoulders, warm smiles on their faces.  Her mother’s arm draped over her shoulder, hand resting slightly against her neck.  Father’s hand touching the middle of her back.  The priest’s voice reverberating throughout the hall, yet muted enough to soothe the fear.  The unsettled shuffles and coughs of agitated parishioners seeking, hoping for answers.
I remember…!
Mendaihu Gharra.  Protector of Earth.
Peace, Love and Light to you all.
The feel of fear, the dread, the hopelessness…and somewhere, underneath it all, barely alive and screaming to break free…
Faith.
Caren gasped, eyes wide.  “Shit!” she blurted a little too loudly, sending Poe back a few steps.  Her legs felt weak, threatening to fall out from under her.  Things were flooding back to her…too many memories, too much information she didn’t want.  Too many things she’d tried hard to forget over the years.  It all came back…  She made it to her desk, dropping hard into the chair.  The spinning in her head was unceasing.  She felt drunk; she felt weak and sick.  Yet despite the numbing of her senses, she knew she was wide awake, and completely aware of everything.
All is Light.
“One of All Sacred help them,” she whispered.
Poe knelt down before her, grasping her shaking hands.  “Caren?”
She managed to look him in the eyes again.  “Poe...”  Closed her eyes, cursed herself.  One of All Sacred help us…  “I think your theory might be right.” 








CHAPTER NINE
Nehalé – Janoss

...One of All Sacred...
Nehalé crouched as low as he could between the benches in the southern choir loft, attempting to catch his breath.  He had a bleeding cut over his left eye and several bruises all over his body, but they were the least of his worries.  His Mendaihu senses were buzzing madly from the adrenalin rush of the battle, but mostly from the pain he felt from all those deaths within the last ten or so minutes…he wiped hot tears and sweat away from his stinging eyes, cursing himself.  How had he let this situation grow so out of control so quickly?  The dozen Shenaihu had been joined by two dozen more, and they weren’t showing any sign of wearing down, while he was up here, out of energy and ideas!  What the hell were these people made of…?  Were they even people at all?
They were the nuhm’ndah, he realized with a chilling certainty.  Spiritually they were Shenaihu, but they were bred so purely that very little humanity remained.  Nehalé had hoped the Shenaihu would not sink to this level of violence so soon, but it seemed his recent fears were correct.  The Shenaihu had just answered in kind to his Awakening ritual, and this was the outcome.  But who had resurrected them?  Who among the Shenaihu was behind this?  Janoss Miradesi?  Or someone higher?
Reverend Miriam had been able to get many of the recently Awakened to safety within minutes, but even he hadn’t been able to save everyone.  Over twenty lay dead now, each one of their departed souls having left their searing marks within him.  Nehalé refused to curse this gift of empathy.  The pain served as a reminder of whom he was meant to protect.  Fifteen of the more seriously injured lay hidden in various parts of the cathedral, praying to the One to protect their lives.  He had also sustained a broken rib, multiple lacerations, and a very deep drain in his Mendaihu energy.  The physical injuries he could live with, but the loss of strength was enough to scare him.
He could not find nor sense Reverend Miriam anywhere within the church.
He found himself praying to the One of All Sacred again, wishing for any hope this would end soon.  His fear, distracting as it was, could not be focused on, not now.  He had to reach his senses out farther and nail down these nuhm’ndah, if indeed they were still there.  All had gone silent after those ten minutes, shortly after his last aggressor had pinned him up against a Baronas fresco, twenty feet off the floor.  The levitation had been the other man's doing; Nehalé was just doing all he could to stay alive.
“Where is she?” the man had roared, his the hatred in his eyes searing into him.  “WHERE IS SHE?”
He knew exactly who he’d been looking for.  And that was as far as his aggressor had gotten before Nehalé pushed himself off the wall, physical and Mendaihu energy combined.  The man hadn’t expected the move and screamed angrily, flailing backwards to the floor.  With the added momentum, Nehalé sent himself sideways towards the choir loft.  He heard the sickening crash of the nuhm’ndah body hitting the ground just as he landed haphazardly, crashing into an upper pew and sprawling to the floor.  There had been no rebound, no regaining of stance and pursuit.  His opponent had inexplicably taken the fatal blow.
He did not feel the death that time.
He exhaled, understanding what he would need to do now.  His plan to Awaken of the One of All Sacred had not included such a violent backlash by the renegade Shenaihu.  At most, he had been ready for some opposition — part of the reason for the shimshiya of Mendaihu at the Waterfront warehouse.  He would have to change plans drastically.  The shimshiya would have to become something more…
Crouched now on his haunches, his eyesight narrowed to the shards of painted glass in front of him from the windows above.  His breathing slowed but still strained from his injuries, he focused inwards to regain some energy.
One of All Sacred…I am doing this for you.  The image of the girl in his mind was clear as ever.  Yet that was all it was, an image and nothing more.  A mental view of her essence, the one he'd felt after all the chaos of the Awakening ritual.  Throughout it all, it was her energy, its constant flow that guided him that night.  You are here.  She was the One of All Sacred, come again.  They will not have you.
He was startled out of his thoughts by a frustrated grunt and the loud cracking of stone, followed by the crash and rumble of a toppled statue falling to the floor.  The shattered remains rolled away, crashing into the wooden pews and marble floor.  The sounds echoed through the cathedral, nearly masking the approaching footsteps beneath.  Nehalé listened in complete stillness.
“Final shot yet to be taken,” the man called from the aisles below, sounding very sure of himself.  “Well met, edha Nehalé Usarai.”
Nehalé shivered.  He’s back.
“Nehalé,” Janoss Miradesi called out.  “I am quite sure you are here and still among the living.  I can sense you as well as you can sense me.  You’re weakened and in not the best of shape, but you’re most definitely here.  I wish to speak with you as equal, Mendaihu to Shenaihu.”  When Nehalé did not answer, he cleared his throat and spoke louder.  “I recognize you as Mendaihu, as Nehalé Usarai.  Your essence precedes you, tell you the truth.  Especially after that little show the other day.  You may call me Janoss Miradesi.”
“I know who you are,” Nehalé said under his breath.  He looked up, but dared not lift his head yet.  Inner senses told him the man was standing dead center of the nave and the transept, looking directly up at him.  Why had he returned?
“Not bad for newborns, Nehalé,” Janoss called up to him.  “But you can do better than that.  I know you can.  You were chosen for it.”
“You won't trick me!” Nehalé called out in anger, before he could stop himself.
Janoss laughed quietly.  “Oh, I don't plan to trick you, my sehnadha.  We are both luminous beings, are we not?  We do not need to resort to trickery to get what we want.  Come down, friend, I only wish to speak with you, nothing more.”
Nehalé bit his lower lip.  He did not move from his place in the loft.  Grasping both hands together, he exhaled, and redirected what was left of his energy towards the Light source within, toward the center of his being.  Slowly at first, then with an excited rush, he felt the inward sweep draw his heart towards that Infinite Light, towards the One.  Instinct took over the physical realm as he entered the spiritual.  All was Light…
One of All Sacred...I wish your guidance.  I am facing one who may be my greatest enemy.  This man wishes to take the young girl who will yet align to the Awakening and become the One's Ninth Embodiment.  I admit, dearest Light, that I still do not know their plans.  Why would they take you, when You as the One of All Sacred cannot be taken by anyone!  Do they wish to corrupt you?  Kill you?  Keep you from becoming?
My only wish, Dearest One, is to protect you with Love, Peace and Light, as I do the Gharné of this world.  
If it means I must Awaken the world of the Gharné in the process, so be it.  I shall always bear the guilt of those taken away in Your Name…but I understand now that your Awakening was predestined.
Nehalé peered over the bench and saw Janoss.  He stood patiently down below, hands in pockets, absently kicking shards of fallen statue as if they were pebbles on the ground.  For a man who had just commandeered a violent attack upon a cathedral, he seemed quite patient, even demure, in waiting for Nehalé's answer.
Dearest One, I shall meet with him under the Eyes of Truth.
Nehalé closed his eyes tight, and stepped into Light.
A second later he stood twenty feet away from the physical appearance of Janoss Miradesi, who appeared only as a blurred reflection in this reality.  The form shook terribly, like a pirated vidmat image, obscuring a separate solid shape underneath.  The True Self under Janoss' image was a dark and heavy mass, its shape hard to detect in the dim light of the cathedral.  He was smart to hide and protect himself so well; this chaotic boundary kept him from being found by all but the strongest spiritsensers.  No wonder Nehalé had trouble getting a bead on him!
He floated closer to him, stopping mere feet away.  Step into the Light, Janoss, Nehalé growled from within.  Show your True Self.
The blur that was Janoss shook with laughter.  “If you so wish,” he said.  The blur congealed, warping and bending into the physical shape of the man that every human and Meraladian knew him to be.  It was obviously not his true spirit form, however, as it had only held for a few brief seconds before it began to ripple and mutate again.  Splashes of color came and went all over his body, flashing from the tanned Meraladian skin to a vivid deep black and back again, finally settling on a blue-black as scale began to appear all over his body.  His face began to elongate, pulling into a snout, and he dropped down to a squat as his limbs grew and took on more muscle, taking on a quadrupedal form.  Long and lethal talons grew from the ends of his fingers and toes, scraping up against the marble floor as he shifted position.
Finally he settled into a large, sleek, dragonlike shape.  His deep earth-toned scale-skin glistened underneath the dusty sunshine pouring through the broken windows above.  He rotated his neck up then around as if stretching into his new shape, hands reaching down to the floor, palms open.  He inhaled deeply through his nostrils, drank in the sunlight and devoured the remains of the displaced spirits around him, and exhaled hot, sticky breath out through his wide mouth.  A grotesque smile crossed his face, revealing tips of fangs.  He was alive.
Nehalé shivered at the image before him.  This cannot be…!  There was only one kind of spirit who could become a dragon spirit, and that was a cho-nyhndah…a true twin spirit.  A kiralla.
Janoss had both pure Mendaihu and Shenaihu spirit within him!  How could he have done this much damage to the Mendaihu being the way he was?  Goddess…the man must have lost his faith years ago!  Nehalé regained his composure quickly, before Janoss could see him.
“So here I am, oh Mendaihu,” Janoss said mockingly, waving a clawed hand in the air.  “Show yourself, then, and let's be done with it.”
Nehalé accepted the dare.  Letting the final veils drop away, he felt the physical embodiment of his Spirit taking shape.  Completely revealing one’s true soul was to stand naked to the spiritual, to become vulnerable to those within the realm.  His tattered clothes fell away and disappeared into his memory, replaced by a shimmering white robe flowing down over the floor.  Its edges brushed silently up and over the shards of the statue scattered across the floor, reducing each piece of broken marble to fine sand.  Just as Reverend Miriam had turned the glass to dust to protect the parishioners, Nehalé had turned the stone back to its original basic elements.  With each renewal, he felt the strength within him building ever higher.  He was healing, both himself and the spirits surrounding him.
A near silent rush of wings cut through the air behind him.
“Turn around, Janoss.”
Janoss turned slowly, first neck then body, in one fluid movement.  The smile widened.
“An angel, eh?” he hummed.  “Very apt imagery, my friend, considering.”
Nehalé had to grin.  “Not in the conventional Gharné myth sense, Janoss.  I am but a Warrior Mendaihu for the One.”
Janoss lifted his snout in a quick movement that must have been the equivalent of a sneer, and barked out a quick laugh.  “They’re the same thing on this world, Nehalé.  Just an inspired watchdog.”
Nehalé refused to counter his remark.  “It is a noble position, Janoss.  Why do you come?”
Janoss' scaled and clawed hands clenched immediately.  A long, nasal sigh emanated out of him as a low and hissing growl.  Nehalé consciously moved back half a step, hands loose at his sides.  Janoss watched him out of the corner of his eyes, but said nothing.  His now-sloped shoulders sagged with what seemed like a mixture of defeat and fatigue.
“We are chained, both you and I,” Janoss said.  His tone, quiet and introspective, chilled Nehalé.  “We are constricted.  Do you understand?  I am chaos.  You are order.  And neither of us can ever completely understand what the other does.  For if we did, neither of us would then have a reason to live.”
Nehalé narrowed his eyes at him.  “That’s no answer.”
“Then tell me, friend.  Why do you believe I am here?  Certainly not to cause further chaos and kill all these poor, wretched souls?  I feel the stinging pain of loss the same you do, Nehalé, do not forget that.”
His own voice thundered within himself.  Why do you come, Janoss?
Janoss turned and faced him straight on.  The dragon’s dark pearl eyes stared into his, and for a moment Nehalé shuddered.  For that brief second, he felt the Shenaihu coldness.  In that moment he understood, however briefly.  A glimmer of compassion came over him, only to be chased away by his own vengeance, and it sickened him.
“I come to level the playing field, sehnadha,” Janoss said, to his surprise.  The honorific had emotion behind it.  “We, the Shenaihu, were not the ones to abandon The One of All Sacred.  We were the ones abandoned.”
“…the shimshiya?” Nehalé asked.  “This isn’t the Gathering you’re talking about…”
“Gathering?  Pfaah!”  Janoss waved a dismissive clawed hand at him.  “That will never work.  The only way we can live peacefully together is by polarity.  Mendaihu and Shenaihu, separately, working for the same goal.”
“I don't believe you,” Nehalé growled.
“What, you think a…a forced cho-nyhndah is going to work?  There are hardly any left on this damn planet!”
He paused, shrugged.  “I still don’t believe you,” he said.
“Disbelieve all you want,” he sneered, showing a long canine fang.  “We are coming back, Mendaihu.  The Shenaihu are returning to the fold.  And it is all thanks to you—”
“Not by force, Janoss.  Not even by using the nuhm’ndah.  It only leads to death.”  Nehalé's hands balled into fists.  “It is forbidden, Janoss —”
“Nothing is forbidden in chaos, Nehalé!  Do you still not understand?” Janoss roared at Nehalé, and dove at him.
Nehalé didn’t expect the attack and sidestepped too late, and Janoss slammed into his left shoulder, sending them sprawling onto the rubble-laden floor, the jagged edges of stone and glass ripping painfully into his back.  They were no longer within the Light, Nehalé realized with horror — he’d been forced out of the protective otherwhere by Janoss, forcibly pulled back into cold reality.  The stinging pain of his injuries roared back to his senses and he let out a pathetic howl.  There were few who could have done that to him, and only one who would have been able to so as easily as he did.  Only one person, the cho-nyhndah…Nehalé’s twin spirit, the one whose essence was the mirror image of his.  To find out now, of all times, that it was Janoss…
One of All…!
“That’s right,” Janoss giggled.  “Pray to the One.  She’ll help you.  We know where she is.”
Nehalé shut off his mind to him immediately.  “You won’t have her!” he growled.  He had to leave here, now, before this escalated any further.  To stay and fight Janoss would only cause more damage, to himself and to those around him.  He couldn’t have this fight now, not here.  Summoning up what remained of his energy, he lifted up his hands, exhaled, and pushed.  Light burst out of his hands, hitting Janoss square in the chest and sending him skyward.  That gave him enough time to gather himself and prepare for a last step into Light.  Janoss was now at least twenty or so feet up in the air, having forced himself from slamming against the stone wall, a shaky hand held against it.  He hovered there, gasping and coughing up blood, but his glaring eyes never left Nehalé’s…they were now full and dark, and filled with hatred.
Behind him, Nehalé heard the crashing of doors again, and the thunderous clamor of running men entering the church.  Janoss had called for reinforcements.
We are returning, Nehalé!  His inner spiritual voice tore the air and sent a shockwave through the church, shattering glass and upturning the pews.  He pushed off the wall and aimed directly for him, accelerating as he closed in.  WE ARE RETURNING!  Janoss Miradesi's words seethed within Nehalé's mind.  This time he couldn’t avoid the hit, couldn’t turn away…he had to stand his ground and prepare for the impact.  Janoss crashed hard, his shoulder digging into his upper chest, knocking wind out of him.  Both flew backwards into the pews, crashing through them, towards the southwestern tower.  Nehalé braced for each successive hit, until he noticed they were not decelerating but accelerating towards the back corner.  Each of the shattering pews tore into his back, splinters driven deep into his flesh…
Nehalé.  Reverend Miriam!  The man was alive?  Where was he?  Call them, he said to him.  Call them all.  
“Do you dare?” Janoss mocked him, lifting him up until they were once again hovering above the benches.  He’d heard the priest’s voice as well.  “Do you dare go that far, Nehalé?”
Undaunted, he laughed, his wild and dark eyes burning into Nehalé's.  “Do you dare turn this into a war?”
Nehalé shuddered as he struggled in Janoss' grip.  This was already a war, long before he involved himself in it.  He’d already accepted that his actions could start another season of Embodiment; he was only this cycle’s leader of the resistance.  But he knew this cycle was different…this one could be the last, if he never wavered from his plans.  Though he’d only just realized that Janoss was his brother in spirit, he would not waver.  Even with all the deaths and the lost souls that would be in his name, he would not waver.  This was too important.  He was to bring about the True One of All Sacred, the Last One in Spirit, who would retain the balance of everything.
It was worth the sacrifice, to make things whole again.
“I dare,” he said, never looking away.
He felt the Rain of Light surging through the church, and took hold of it.  Awaken, Mendaihu Gharra, Nehalé called out, as emphatically as he could, as far as he could reach.  Awaken, Protectors of Earth!  Come forth and fight for your faith.
Janoss twitched and wavered.  “That’s…not going to work,” he grunted, and began shoving him backwards again, accelerating as he did so.  But the few remaining and unscathed Mendaihu had begun to pick themselves up and face the charging Shenaihu.  The Shenaihu stopped in their places, momentarily surprised and a little bit afraid.  Clearly Janoss had not expected their defenses to last so long.  They appeared everywhere, suddenly surrounding everyone, including Janoss and Nehalé, and moving in.  In a collective voice, in a collective spirit, they spoke within him.  
dehndarra Né hra nyhndah.
Flashes of brilliant light.  The newly Awakened surged forth as one great wall of strength, forcing the charging Shenaihu down in a matter of seconds.  They would not yield.  Nehalé knew that it indeed had just begun.  He had not told them to fight for dominance, nor had Reverend Miriam ordered them.  They were, as he had promised, fighting to protect the One of All Sacred.  The newly awakened had understood the inevitable battle of Dark and Light.  The Shimshiya, the joining of the Mendaihu and the Shenaihu, would happen.  The Great Ascension, far greater than the Awakening or even the Cleansing, would happen.
Nehalé smiled, and closed his eyes again...
Peace, Love and Light to you all, he said.
...stepped into midair, and into Light, leaving Janoss' still accelerating body crashing alone into a stone pillar and cracking it nearly in half.  Janoss bounced limply off it and landed on the floor with a sickening crunch, all the energy gone out of him.  He lay there, bruised and out of breath, for a long time, while chaos erupted all around him in the church, beginning to spill outside.
“Y…you will never ascend…” he coughed. 
Then he too, broken but still full of venom, stepped into midair.  This time, into Darkness.

*

The shuddering reptilian Shenaihuza spiritform of Janoss Miradesi stepped out of the air and onto the cold pavement of the waterfront district warehouse.  He walked with a pronounced limp to the right, an unfortunate injury acquired during his struggle with Nehalé Usarai.  Though the battle itself had been glorious, his injury was an undignified one.  It wasn't so much his pride that had been hurt, but his frustration that the catch had eluded him.
He’d decided not to dwell on this failure.  Somewhere Nehalé nursed injuries worse than his own.  They would both heal before the end of the day — he could sense Nehalé’s regenerative powers as strongly as his own — but both would now carry scars of the battle.  Whether he or Nehalé would keep those scars was up to question.  He chose, at least for now, to carry them as a matter of Shenaihu pride.
He trudged heavily across the dust-laden floor towards the rear of the building, not really paying attention to where he was going and following instinct instead.  Somewhere behind the disused equipment and partially collapsed racking there was a short hallway leading to the back offices.  Behind the last office was a door, rusted shut to everyone except those who could walk through.  It led to the maintenance tunnels, and beyond those to Bridgetown’s forgotten underground railways.  He lifted a scaly, bony hand and laid it flat against the door.  Closing his eyes, his spirit sensed the breeze of both the air currents and the multitudes of spirit winds flowing by.  The heavy breath echoed off the brick walls ahead, as if pleading for his presence.  The corners of his mouth lifted in an attempted smile at the selfish thought.
Fingers curling, his claws scraped against the dust and paint of the door, flecks chipping off and falling to the floor.  The door itself was cold; colder it than it should have been, it seemed.  Janoss was reminded of the third reality of Trisanda, the wastelands of his youth, of the constant bitter-tasting air and stinging cold winds of the land to which the useless nuhm’ndah were corralled and forgotten.
Forgotten so quickly, he thought bitterly.  Cast aside.  Abandoned on a bleak world.
He breathed deeply, twice, then stepped through, spirit pulling along the physical.
The Rain of Light, he said within himself.  He was now on the other side of the door, standing in a dimly lit hallway covered in dust and debris.  The spirit winds shifted, temporarily stopping, swirling around his reptilian body as if picking up his scent, and then moving on, westward in the direction of the Mirades Tower.  Inhaling, he tasted these ethereal energies, unimaginably sweet on his tongue and euphoric on his nerves.  They welcomed Janoss blindly, unconscious of body but exacting in spirit.  Their unseen presence gently pushed him northward, towards the Mirades Tower.
I awaken you, children, he said within.
The spirits shivered around him, vibrating the air, and shimmering into life.  Displaced air clicked loud and echoed down the dusty tunnel, energy blasting tiny sparks which illuminated the chipped masonry around him.  The closest spirits danced off his skin excitedly, and Janoss opened his mouth in a giddy laugh.  The taste of these spirits!  The boundless energy they held!  He could not get enough.  Nehalé Usarai must have felt the same dizzying thrill.
I awaken you, he sang out gleefully.  Come and join me in this dance of life!
He exhaled long and even, his warm breath condensing in the cold air and dissipating as the spirits shot through it hungrily.  Each spirit in turn seemed to glow and shimmer with each pass through the air, pulsating like stars.
Awaken —
A rumbling piercing storm of dust suddenly shot past him, tasting like burning garbage and also strangely of cinnamon, pushing him backwards.  He skidded, arms suddenly flailing at the tunnel walls just out of his reach.  Something had pushed him away…something stronger than himself.  Not to be beaten, he angrily pushed himself forward again until he regained his footing.  The spirit wind began to dissipate around him, lost to another reality now, and caught the next wind, disappearing behind him.  He squinted and lifted a hand to block the dust, and tried to see ahead, but there was nothing but dry, dusty darkness.  He coughed and spat as he attempted to breathe, and eventually turned his back to the wind and lowered his head to his chest.
What...what is happening?
“Janoss Miradesi.”
Who –
“Come now, you know who I am.  It’s me.  You knew I’d be here.”
Gasping for air, Janoss opened his eyes.  He was staring at his feet, his eyes watering from the dust storm that was no longer there.  He coughed and spat out the dryness in his throat, brushing the dirt and grime and soot from his clothes.  He looked at his hands — they were no longer the true Shenaihuza…they were flesh and bone of Gharné.  Human hands.  Reality had returned again, though not by his command.  He heard the shuffling of steps and spun around.  In the dim light he could see the dark eyes, the close-cropped auburn hair, the hard face and frowning mouth of Natianos Lehanna.
“N—Natianos...” Janoss managed, staring at the man that towered over him.  “What…what just happened?”
Natianos, ill-dressed for this dank tunnel in a tailored navy suit, crossed his arms and gave him a wilting smile.  Janoss Miradesi shivered in both awe and fear.
“Not yet,” he said, shaking his head.  “You will know when to awaken them.”
“I’m sorry, edha,” Janoss said, averting his eyes.
“Janoss, my dear sehnadha.”  His voice was unnervingly calm.  “We are equals here.  There’s no need for formalities.  You are well?”
“Y—yes,” he said, and coughed one last time.  “Injured, but otherwise fine.  What brings you down here?”
“Injured?” Natianos said, more as a surprised comment than a question.  He paused to study him, leaving Janoss to wonder what the man was thinking of him at that moment. Probably not much, he admitted.  It had been a pathetic fight.
Janoss tested the air with a sigh before speaking again.  “I am afraid that we did not completely fulfill our goals today.  I was unable to obtain Reverend Miriam.  I tried to stop Nehalé Usarai, but he proved more powerful than I’d expected.”
Natianos pursed his lips and nodded slowly.  “You have made our presence known,” he said after a moment.  “That is enough.”
Janoss frowned.  “It’s not enough, you know that.  We need to do more.”
“You prepare too much, Janoss!” he said.  “You carried out the main objective, and that is more than sufficient.  The hrrah-sehdhyn movement is underway.  Soon the Mendaihu will understand why we have moved in such a manner.  We have let them think they have won — in fact, we even pushed their plans farther ahead than they’d expected.  The hrrah-sehdhyn will prove to be their saving grace and their downfall.”
Janoss nodded solemnly.
The nuhm’ndah shall no longer be left to die, Natianos said from within.
“I…”  Janoss trembled.  We…are returning?
Yes…the nuhm’ndah are returning, as you have promised to Nehalé Usarai and all his followers.  There is a gathering of Mendaihu and Shenaihu in the Waterfront sector as we speak.  Our humble Governor has even sanctioned it.  It is there that it will all happen.
Janoss found he couldn’t contain his silence anymore and spoke aloud.  “When is it all going to happen?”
“When the One enters Light for the first time.  That is when we shall move.  She will be vulnerable, and more importantly, she will not have truly transcended yet.  Not until then.”
“Yes, edha,” he said.  “Will we have people in the Waterfront?”
“They are already there, and they will know when to act,” he said.  Janoss thought caught a sense of sadness in his voice, an affectation he couldn’t quite hide, but dared not question it.  “We have a number of Shenaihu infiltrating the crowds.  Highly trained, nearly impossible to track them down.  They will take over when ordered.”
Again, he heard that sadness.  “Yes, sir,” is all he could reply.
In the semi-darkness of the tunnel, Natianos moved to Janoss’ side and put an arm around him.  “Come,” he said, quieter this time.  “It is time we prepared ourselves.”  He walked forward from the way he came, and with Janoss in tow, the air around them began to shimmer and undulate.  Janoss had wanted to ask where they were about to go when a nervous twitch took a hold of him.  Natianos pulled him forward through this undulating air and together they entered the Light. 








CHAPTER TEN
Sheila

Sheila Kennedy positioned herself flat against the wall outside Nehalé Usarai's apartment, stunstik in hand and a mental strand out for potential hazards — like those two little brats hiding in the stairwell down the hall, waiting for the action to unfold — and plotted out how she and Nick were going to capture Nehalé and bring him in, if he was even here at this point.  Rumors had him in all corners of Bridgetown: he and his disciples were already at a warehouse over in the Waterfront, he was seen fraternizing with the Shenaihu in South City, he was hiding with friends in Berndette Corner…he was even sensed around the Mirades Tower again.  She didn’t believe any of it, even if they were positive readings.  He was too smart to stay in one place; he was also smart enough to leave numerous false trails…including here, in his own apartment.  She turned to Nick, who flanked the other side of the doorframe, and pointed at the door.
He nodded and rapped on the door.  “…edha Nehalé Usarai?” he called.  “Edha Usarai, this is the Alien Relations Unit.”  No answer came so he knocked again.  He called out, same words as before.  Again, a third time, with still no answer.  “Huh,” he said.  “Indisposed.”
“Up and out, more like it,” she frowned.  “Let me check.”  She hated doing this, as it always felt like an invasion of privacy, but it was a necessary evil.  Out of their four-person team, she was the best at it, even more so than Caren.  She pulled off a glove and placed a hand against the door, the weathered wood rings rippling over her fingertips.  She felt the coldness within, the feeling of a window left open on a brisk autumn day, and not much else.  She listened for a few more seconds, but found nothing.
“Nothing at all?” Nick asked in a whisper.
“Hang on,” she said, more to herself than to Nick.  She put the stunstik away, took off her other glove, and put both hands on the door.  She closed her eyes, and willfully shut out all extraneous sounds and sensations.
She very nearly missed them, but they were there, hiding way below the surface.  The pools of energy had faded, nearly to the point of nonexistence.  What she now picked up were the false memories that so often came with any dwelling.  They were leftover waves of emotions, life essences, and records of moments that lingered for a while after a person left their dwelling.  She concentrated on the most coherent memories and attempted to stir them to life again.  It wasn’t too hard, once she knew where and what they were.  All they needed was a breath of moving energy.  Almost immediately she felt a lift in ambience…Nehalé had been here very recently, probably within the last two hours.  Shapes and notions fell away, replaced with more concrete images of the apartment. Slowly all the energies swirled and came together, becoming synchronous and coherent in her mind...
Nehalé Usarai sits in the apartment most days, when he's not at work.  He doesn't do much.  No vidmats, no sound system, no mediachips.  No computers, either.  He just sits there, most of the night.
Doing what??
Listening.
He's listening to...something?  The Sprawl?  No.  Wait — yes!  He is listening to the Sprawl.  Like I'm listening to him.  He hears...
No.  Can't reach it.  He's...he's listening to us?  To human life?  Why?
Sheila pulled her hands away from the door and opened her eyes, backing away for the moment.  Now that she knew where to reach, reconnecting would be easier.  She relaxed and turned back to the door.
“What?” he said.
“He’s a Watcher, that’s for certain,” she said.  She tested the doorknob and was surprised to find it unlocked.  She waved at Nick to hold just in case, and opened the door, pushing herself against the frame as the door swung open wide.  It thudded against the entrance wall, echoing into the apartment.  It was not the echo she wanted to hear; it fully reverberated off all the walls, like a voice in a completely bare room.  She peered around for a quick look.  “I think it's empty,” she muttered.
“You think…?” he said flatly.
“Shut up,” she said, and pointed into the apartment.  “You first.”
Nick held his stunstik in hand, and entered quickly and quietly.  Sheila glanced down the hall, towards the stairwell, and frowned.  The two kids were still there, around the corner, waiting.  They were thinking about getting closer to the excitement, as soon as they entered the apartment.  That was the last thing she needed.
Get out of here, you little shits! she said within.
The kids responded with sudden yelping and scampering down to the lower floors, culminating with a loud slam of a stairwell door downstairs.  Throwing her inner voice was the first Mendaihu trick she'd learned as a novice.  She hardly ever used it, but it certainly came in handy when she had to chase people away from a potential crime scene.
“All clear,” Nick said from within the apartment.
She entered the apartment and stopped midstride, surprised and more than a little disturbed by what she saw.  The place had been completely emptied out, including all the furniture and appliances.  There were fresh scratches on the hardwood floor, and sun-faded outlines on the institutional beige walls, signs that furniture, frames and floor coverings had been there for quite some time, and had been moved just recently.  There was one rather large patch of wall in the common area lighter than the rest and outlined by multiple nail holes, which gave the impression that a large widescreen vidmat had once hung there.  Other telltale spots revealed shelving units, a mediachip player unit...all contradicting what she'd just sensed outside in the hallway.
“Pashyo,” she huffed.  “Not only does the guy vanish with the rest of his crap, he puts a fake cover on it as well.  He was stacked with media here.”
Nick hummed in answer.  He was pacing around the apartment's perimeter, gloves on and picking up stray pieces of paper or objects that had been left behind.  He poked into the back bedroom, the tiny bathroom, and the kitchenette, and found nothing worth keeping.  It was all dirt, dust, and paint chips — signs that someone had just recently moved out and the landlord hadn’t yet ordered a quick turnover renovation. He exited the short hallway and entered the main living room again.  “What’s the reading inside?” he asked.
She made a quick scan and came up with nothing out of the ordinary.  Or more to the point, the reading was exactly the same as the one she’d taken at the door—nothing but memory puddles of what the apartment once looked like, probably not a day ago.  Something was out of place here, but she couldn’t quite pinpoint where it was.  Nehalé had to have left something that one with her abilities would be able to find.  She slowly made a third scan, this time pacing the edges of the apartment.  She ignored the physical attributes around her, searching instead for a memory puddle where it wouldn’t normally be.  She stopped again after coming full circle, standing almost directly underneath a bare light bulb.  She grunted, and moved back to the center of the room, disappointed.
“Maybe I'm just listening to the wrong things,” she said, and closed her eyes—
nuhm’ndah.
The word hit her directly and without warning.  It echoed within her soul as a feedback loop and grew in intensity, forcing her backwards and out of the memory puddle.  Eyes wide and gasping for air, she dizzily reached out behind her, misjudged her distance from the wall, and hit it hard with the back of her head.  She swore again and fell flat against it in an attempt to keep from falling over.  The piercing voice vanished almost as quickly as it had appeared, but the pain still lingered.
One word, cleverly hidden, was all it took to incapacitate her, however briefly.
Nick stared at her, keeping his distance and remaining calm, but his eyes full of fear.  “What just happened?”
“I...I’m okay,” she managed, barely restraining her anger.  Nehalé had violated her spiritual space with that planted word, and she had let it happen because she hadn’t been paying attention.  “Everything just suddenly went...cold for a second,” she added.   She looked at her hands; they were shaking slightly.  She looked at Nick, saw him drop what he had and step quickly over to her.  She began to waver…not a good sign.  She tried pushing off, felt her head begin to spin, and fell back heavily against it, relishing the cold wall against her back.  Through the haze of her sudden dizziness, she found focus, and willed herself to return.
“What happened?” he asked again.  His hands were held up before him, still ready to catch her.  She found his stance unexpectedly amusing; it had just occurred to her that his hands were right about at the same level as her breasts, the first thing he’d come in contact with if she’d fallen forwards instead.  Nick was too much of a gentleman to ever let that happen, but the thought struck her as hilarious, and made her giggle even more.  “What the hell are you laughing about?” he frowned.
She waved the question away.  Why was she laughing?  Why had that random thought popped in?  Then it occurred to her — Nehalé had probably infused the area around the memory puddle with positive energy, especially just in case of an occasion like this.  He wasn’t just an adept, he was a healer as well.  “Nehalé's certainly our suspect.  I just tripped over a memory puddle he left behind for us.”
Nick mouthed a curse.  “At least we know he was here.  But that still doesn't prove—”
“We don't need to prove anything here,” she interrupted, frowning.  “That wasn't just a random puddle I hit.  He put that there on purpose for someone like me to find.”
>chk chk ch-chk<
“Ah, crap,” she grumbled at the hailing of her commlink, and grabbed it from her belt at the same time he went for his.  “Yeah, this is Kennedy.”
Dispatch wasted no time filling them in.  “We received a call-in about a disturbance in the area of St. Patrick's, possibly inside the church…witnesses are sensing residual spiritual energies and possible conflict.”
She frowned.  “Isn’t that Rice and Billiel’s beat?”
“Rice and Billiel are busy at Ormand and West Krieger assisting the Fraserville ARU in breaking up a riot,” they responded.   “Inspector Farraway requests you give the church a once-over as you're in the vicinity.”
“A riot in Fraserville?” she blurted.  Fraserville was the quietest and most rural district in the city.  Hardly anything happened there.  “Damn.  Don't see that often.”
“We're getting reports it's minor,” Dispatch said.  “BMPD's handling most of it.”
Nick frowned at her and motioned at the two of them, mouthing a why us?  She waved him off, confirming the request.  She signed off and turned to see Nick shaking his head.
“Out with it, Slater,” she said.
“Don’t worry about it.  Just annoyed, is all.”
Sheila stood her ground.  “That ain’t it, Nick.  What’s really bothering you?  Was it the fact that I damn near fainted because of a memory puddle?   Because if it is, you have absolutely nothing to worry about.”
“No…” he said.  “It has nothing to do with that.  It’s…well, I’m just getting a bad feeling.”
She frowned at him, and began to nudge him towards the door again.  “The church?” she said.  “Could be a simple B-and-E…it’s a church in the McCleever District, so you can’t always take the spirit signatures too seriously.”
“This early in the afternoon?” he said, and checked his watch as they left.  “No…they’d still have an open door right now.  Most of the churches around here do.  But a disturbance at the church and a riot in Fraserville?  Maybe it’s just me, but this just doesn’t feel right.”
“I feel that way all the damned time,” she said as she closed the door, pulled out the security sealant glue and made a quick spray of the outline of the door.  She tested the door by turning the knob and pushing against it; the glue had sealed it shut, refusing to budge.  Pocketing the spray can, she followed him down the hall. 








CHAPTER ELEVEN
Caren

Relax.  Caren took a third deep breath.  A fourth.  Relax, girl.  Hra khera…hra mehra…
Poe squeezed her hand.  “Caren…are you all right?”
She was far from all right.  Her heart was beating hard in her chest, and the spinning in her head hadn’t completely gone away.  The mantra did little to calm her this time, other than helping her regain some sense of command of her nervous system.  She had managed to cap the surge of adrenalin coursing through her body and she was no longer shaking, but her brain was still stuck in overdrive.  The unanswered questions swirled around her head, one leading to another with no end in sight —
— is this all really happening...please don't let this be the Mendaihu fucking with my head...why do I know what I'm hearing and feeling to be true…I can't prove any of it...what is it...is it...have I really awakened...damn you Nehalé for doing this to me...oh goddess don’t let Denni get involved…involved…who else?  who is involved...what the hell is Nehalé trying to do...why are the Shenaihu choosing now to attack...no, it’s retaliation...no it can’t…wait, wait, calm down girl...why the Shenaihu at all...and how is Kindeiya involved…Kindeiya, why is he so damn elusive...who else is involved...who else —
— Why am I believing all this?  Why do I understand all of this now?
Is Reverend Miriam —
A final stray thought crossed her mind: Miriam.  What does Matthew know about me and my family?
“Caren?”
She turned and caught his eyes.  What does Alec know about me?
“Vidmat on,” she called out, past Poe's still-kneeling form.  “Emergency link to Kennedy-Slater, McCleever Central Sector.  Secure.”
Seconds later a fisheye image filled the screen of Sheila sitting behind a steering wheel, shot by the minicam fitted into the visor above her.  She was scanning the area outside the car, completely avoiding eye contact with the visor cam above the driver's seat.  Her chin rested in her hand, elbow perched on the window, and her eyebrows arched lazily.  She looked magnificently bored.  “You got Kennedy,” she muttered.
“Sheila,” she said.  “It's Caren.  Anything to report?”
She grunted in response.  Her eyes swept the opposite sidewalk, and then glanced over to the passenger side before repeating again.  She arched a brow and glanced up at the camera.  “Nothing at all.  Nick's across the street from the church right now.  I'm at the corner, full view of the place.”
Caren frowned.  “No disturbances?”
“Not that I can see.  After a drive-by and a stop, we haven’t seen a damn thing.  It’s quiet around here.”
Could this just be a false alarm?  She glanced quickly at Poe.  She could only wonder what he was thinking right now…this was his neighborhood, and they were probably a half-mile away from his apartment building.  He knew a lot of his neighbors personally, knew a lot of the visitors as well.  Though he didn’t know Reverend Miriam, he certainly knew of him.  Matthew’s words echoed in her head again…this time it made sense.  The priest was obviously an Elder and complicit in Nehalé’s actions and whereabouts.  She was surprised Poe hadn’t figured that out earlier.
“Dispatch didn’t tell you want was going on?” she asked.
“Multiple calls from locals saying they saw and sensed a disturbance and a possible breaking and entering,” Sheila responded, choosing her words carefully.  She did another visual sweep before turning back to the camera.  “You wouldn’t know it from out here, though.  I don’t think anyone even notices an undercover squad car is parked in a tow away zone, to tell you the truth.  Just a few locals walking by, a few cars…that’s it.”
“Can you do a sensory sweep?” she asked.  Poe looked at her in surprise but she waved him off.
Sheila frowned deeply at the camera.  “You’re serious,” she said.
“Just humor me,” Caren said.  “I just want to make sure of something.”
She bit her lip, looking away.  “You are serious,” she said after a moment.  She hadn’t liked the suggestion, but she understood why it was brought up.  “I’ll need to pop outside to do that, my mojo isn’t strong right now.  Here, let me switch to the outside camera and give you control.”  Her hand reached off screen to the dashboard controls.  The vidmat image flickered and adjusted for the light difference, and focused on an open stretch of Ormand Street.  It was just like any other midday scene, with a fair amount of both pedestrian and vehicle traffic.  Caren stepped up to the vidmat and began sliding a finger across the bottom of it.  The camera responded by panning off to the left until she could see the front of the church, and tapped again to zoom in.  A second later she heard an audible click and the sound of ambient street noise as Sheila turned on her wireless mic.  “Bear with me,” she said.  “I’m still a bit off from visiting edha Usarai’s place.  I’ll tell you about that later.”  
Moments later Sheila stepped into view, walking across the front courtyard and stopping near the first set of pillars.  She leaned against one of them, facing away from the church, and closed her eyes.  She dropped her hands to her side, holding them just above the pillar’s surface as she centered herself again.  Finally after a few moments, she let her fingertips graze the pillar, and she twitched and gasped in response.  “Oh…!” she said, laughing quietly, her face red.  “Wow…hell of a lot of Mendaihu energy going on here.  Let me try that again.”   This time she slapped both hands flat against the pillar, taking the full brunt of the reading all at once. She twitched again and let out a grunt, but this time rode the wave.  “Yeah, okay…” she said, nodding distractedly.  “Okay…yeah, it’s damn strong here, I can see why you asked.  There’s…wow, there’s at least a hundred Mendaihu inside right now.”
Caren zoomed the camera out slightly until the church’s front doors were centered, leaving Sheila off to the side.  Nick had returned and was leaning up against another pillar at the opposite side of the courtyard.  He had tapped his own wireless mic on but said nothing.  He had so far kept his cool, which was a blessing.
“Any signs of distress?” Caren asked.
“I can’t tell,” she said.  “If there are, they’re hiding it damned well.”  She exhaled and looked across the way at Nick; she’d sensed his arrival. “Hey,” she said.  “You see anything?”
“Did a circuit on the grounds,” he said.  “Not a thing.”
Sheila grunted.  “That’s what I thought.  They put up a barrier.”
Caren frowned.  Why would a congregation consciously put up a protective barrier to keep out…?  She was about to ask, when Poe’s cellphone went off, startling them both.  He picked it up without a word and gestured toward the office door.  She nodded, and turned back to the vidmat.  “What do you have?” she asked.
“It sounds like…praying,” she said.  “The barrier’s at the front doors.”  She started to say more, but stopped in sudden realization of something.  She quickly turned to Nick.  “Hey,” she said.  “Make another circuit.”
Nick gave her a wilting look.  “Should I be looking for anything?”
“Listening,” she said.  “Just do it, and keep the wireless on.  I want to hear what you’re hearing.  And get as close as you can this time, against the building if you can.”  He wasn’t sure what she had in mind, but he nodded and stepped out of frame again.  She waited until he was around the corner before turning back to face the camera.  She tapped on her wireless, opening up a private audio channel.  “You still there, Caren?”
“Still on.”
“Something’s going down,” she said as quietly as she could.  “I can’t sense what, but it’s not going to be good.”  She leaned out past the edge of the pillar, glancing at the church again.  “I didn’t say anything to Nick…but I’m not just sensing Mendaihu, Caren.  There’s Shenaihu in there as well.  And you know how well they mix in this kind of situation.”
“Wait…say that again?” she heard from the hallway.  She glanced at the door in concern, but she didn’t hear anything further from Poe.  Refusing to be distracted, she turned back to the vidmat.
“That confirms what I thought,” Caren said.  “As soon as Nick returns, I want you guys to fall back.  Keep watch, but no action unless you deem it necessary.”
Sheila wanted to say something, but thought better of it and nodded.  She tapped the wireless again to close the private session and asked Nick for an update.  He took his time responding, but had nothing new to offer.  He was still skirting the edge of the church grounds and hadn’t heard or seen anything out of the ordinary.  Frustrated, she nodded and told him to meet her back out front.
He stepped back into camera view at the opposite pillar moments later.  “Dead quiet.  I can hear a prayer service going on, but not much else.  I —”
His words were cut off by the sound of a crackling snap of the air that sent the both of them scurrying flat up against their pillars, hands on their holsters.  It was the sound of displaced air that came with the appearance of someone stepping out of Light, and it was a sound that made many ARU agents nervous.  The camera automatically shifted focus, showing a mass of black-suited men and women appearing in front of the church doors.
“Shit,” Sheila muttered under her breath.  “Caren, how many?”
Caren shivered and tried to find her voice.  “I…f-forty or so, I think.”
Sheila cursed again.  “Shenaihu,” she said as quietly as she could.  “No question.”  She glanced over at Nick and flashed a “four-zero” hand sign, and he gave a short nod in response, the color draining from his face.  They had to fall back now, but they couldn’t risk being seen.  “What do we do?”
“Hold,” she said unevenly.  “Just…be ready.”
Sheila grimaced at the camera, but she understood.  They were no match for these Shenaihu…their only choice was to stay out of harm’s way as long as they could.
Out of the forty Shenaihu standing in front of the church, one man in a dark grey suit walked up the steps and stopped at the closed front doors.  He reached out and brushed his hand against the wood in very much the same manner Sheila had just moments earlier.  She tapped furiously at the screen to try to get a clearer shot of the man’s face, but he was not turning around.  Damn it, did he know that he was on a live feed?  His shape, the cut of his shoulders was familiar, as if she’d seen him just recently, over the past month or so…who was he?  
“Goddess…!” she heard from the other side of the door.  “Are…are you sure?”
She shivered…she could feel Poe’s agitation.  Again, she forced herself not to focus on that at the moment.  Instead she pulled back on the camera, back to the original view from the patrol car.  She immediately noticed how empty the street was…no traffic, no pedestrians, nothing except for those forty Shenaihu and her two officers.  With a quick tap on the vidmat, she activated all the other external cameras on the car.  The closest car was at least three blocks away, and it was presently pulling onto a side street.  Even the local storefronts were empty, sidewalk bins pulled in and doors closed…the locals must have sensed something was about to happen and closed up shop.  Belatedly she realized that Nick had been the one to make a circuit around the area, not Sheila…he had no sensory abilities at all, and wouldn’t have felt anything.  Had Sheila done the rounds and not been distracted by the church, she might have noticed it as well.
Caren was the only one in control.
“Stay where you are,” she said.  “The minute — the second I tell you two to fall back, you two get the hell out of there, got it?”
“Confirmed,” Sheila responded.
Caren adjusted the zoom again in an attempt to focus as tightly as she could on that man at the door.  She knew him from somewhere…someone from the Mirades Tower, one of the executives she’d met in the past.  He’d placed his palms flat against the door now, and tilted his head ever so slightly, as if to listen in.  At that moment she could just about make out an angular chin and the makings of a smile, but very little else.  His jaw moved, words spoken soft enough that they were not picked up by the wireless mics.  His shoulders twitched up and down slightly, like he was laughing.  He said a few more words, nodded again, and with great fanfare, pounded on the door with his right fist.
They did not expect to hear the sounds of heavy glass shattering.  Sheila gasped and held back a scream, forcibly pulling her hand away from the pillar.  “Goddess!  The Mendaihu within…” she said as quietly and evenly as she could.  “They’re gearing up for a fight.”
“Now!” Caren barked.  “Get back now!  Go, go!”
The two officers immediately broke into a sprint back towards the car.  Caren kept the main camera focusing on the Shenaihu outside the church…apparently they had not heard their movements, or had not cared.  Caren breathed a sigh of relief, knowing they were safer now, but it was a temporary relief…the man still stood at that door, pounding on it every few seconds.  Every hit was followed by more shattering glass.
“Caren, they’re —” Sheila started, only to have her mic cut off.
“Sheila?” Caren called out.  “Are you still there?  Nick, can you see her?”
Nick tapped his mic back on.  “She’s okay,” he grunted, nearly out of breath.  “I have a line on her, she’s across —”
His mic cut off as well.
“Damn it all!” she heard from the hallway.  “Look — just keep me posted, all right?  As soon as you figure out what the hell is going on.”  The door flew open and crashed against the wall as Poe stormed in and crossed the room to his desk, ignoring the vidmat.  He threw his phone down on the desk blotter and dropped heavily into his chair, shutting out the rest of the world.  He buried his face behind his hands and muttered curses under his breath.
Talk to me, Poe, Caren thought.  She watched him with a mixture of worry and frustration, knowing he wasn’t about to say anything.  He did it to protect her, but in the process he only hurt himself, keeping everything locked in like that.  That had to have been Matthew on the phone.  The kid must know what was going on here, and damned if she was going to be left out of it.  “Give me your phone,” she said to him.
He looked up in surprise.  “What?”
“Just give me the damn phone!”
He winced, but handed it to her.  “Don’t you have your own?”
She shushed him and hit the speed dial for Dispatch.  Gena, the youngest of the three operators, answered.  She heard multiple lines ringing in the background.  “Gena, this is Agent Caren Johnson,” she said curtly, interrupting her before she could say anything else.  “Patch me through to Special Forces, Agent Craig Chiappara.”
Gena stumbled through an answer, but connected her right away.  For a brief moment, Caren felt sorry for her; whatever was going down at the church had to be happening elsewhere if the Dispatch switchboard was that busy.  Thankfully, she only had to wait a few more moments and wade through Special Forces’ dispatch team to get to Craig’s desk phone.  He was an old friend of her mother’s, and she was damn lucky to have him as a personal contact at a time like this.
“Caren!” he answered.  “I can’t say I’m surprised to hear you calling right now.  What can I do for you?”
“Hi Craig,” she said quickly.  “Need your help — there’s something going down at St. Patrick’s on Ormand Street, south central McCleever District, can you get a team up that way as soon as you can?”
“Already on it, hon,” he said.  “I’ve got a group heading that way now.  You have anyone up there?”
“Two Agents, Kennedy and Slater,” she said.  “They’re retreating as we speak.”
“Confirmed, two agents retreating, confirmed St. Patrick’s Church, Ormand.  Anything else?”
She exhaled slowly.  How the hell could she say this on an unencrypted call?  “Just be careful,” she said finally.  “Possible schism in progress.”
It took him a few moments to respond.  “Confirmed, schism.  You sure about that?”
“Positive,” she said.  “And keep me posted…those are my officers, and my case.  Appreciate it, Craig.”  She hung up and handed the phone back to Poe.
The silence was suddenly cut by the frantic sounds of car doors opening, and Sheila and Nick spilling into the vehicle, out of breath and cursing up a storm.  The secondary screen switched from the outside view back to that of the visor cam and the two agents strapping themselves in.  Caren breathed a sigh of relief, but it was hollow.  On the main vidmat screen, the church doors had swung inwards.  Everyone held their breath at that moment as the forty bodies outside the church stood there at attention, and the man in the lead stepped forward slightly.  He chose not to enter the church, only peer inside.  His jaw moved as he spoke briefly to someone within.  Caren zoomed the camera in even further until the image began pixelating, but she had to see who the man was and who he was talking to.
She got her answer seconds later in the form of Nehalé Usarai just inside the door, his hands held up defensively.  He barked a few words at him, but the man refused to respond in kind, only nodding at him.  He stepped aside, and turned away from the door.  Caren finally got a look at this mysterious man and pinpointed the camera on his face, capturing and logging it as many times as she could.
“Janoss Miradesi,” she said, shuddering.  He was known publicly as part of the upper management at EdenTree, but in Caren’s line of work he was also a known Shenaihu and one of the leaders of the Shenaihu movement down in South City.  She’d hoped he wouldn’t be involved, but this had proved otherwise.  Goddess…what the hell is he doing there? Is EdenTree behind this?  “Sheila, do you see that?” she called out.
“Affirmative,” she said, reaching forward to start the car.  “Damn it, I didn’t even read his signature — he was deliberately hiding on us.”
“Did you catch either of them?”
“I’m not familiar with edha Miradesi’s signature,” she said, frowning deeply.  “But I am now,” she added in a growl.
“You two get the hell out now, you can’t do anything else there,” Caren said.  “We need the Special Forces to calm this one down.  Chiappara has a team heading that way now.  Check in with them, then back away from there as soon as you can, clear?”
“On it,” she said, and tapped the camera off.  The vidmat reverted back to sleep mode, leaving Caren staring at a blank screen.  She let out a slow breath, relieved and exhausted at the same time.  They were safe, for now.
“Don't get too comfortable,” Poe said, head hung low.
She hesitated, looking at him.  “Matthew?”
“Yeah, Matthew.”  She felt the chill of the room, and the coolness in his voice.  She couldn't tell whether or not it was desperation or resignation.  It seemed a curious mixture of the two.
“What did he say?” she asked, her voice softened.
“Nothing good.”  He forced himself to sit up straight, and looked straight into her eyes.  She shivered, realizing what he was doing…he was looking deeper within, at her own soul.  This wasn’t just about the church.  “There were four other attacks in this city in the past twenty minutes,” he said, no color to his voice.  “All Shenaihu.  He's rechecking his sources for confirmation.”
One of All…  Caren paled.
They both stood in silence, unsure of what to say next.  Caren wanted so much to say something, anything, but whatever words she found meant nothing now.  The reality of the situation had hit her, and hit her hard.  She had come to the point where she could no longer dismiss what was inside of her, yearning to come out.  She could not dismiss the fact that her own awakening had coincided with Nehalé’s ritual, that he might have even accelerated its growth.  She looked over at Poe, bit her lip, and said nothing. 








CHAPTER TWELVE
Alien Relations Unit, Branden Hill HQ

Caren closed her eyes and leaned heavily against the wall of the debriefing room foyer, physically and emotionally drained.  An air vent overhead blew a cool breeze onto her face and pushed away the beads of sweat from her forehead.  She relished its calming, distractive effect on her nerves, letting her forget her surroundings for the moment.  She’d never liked the Questioning part of her job—interrogating the suspect or being interrogated for a case herself, the process was absolute hell for everyone involved.
Goddess…how did I get to this point?
She cursed quietly at the predicament she now faced.  If she had been any more aggravated by the attack at St. Patrick's Cathedral, it would most likely have been directed at her parents instead of at the Shenaihu.  She knew that to be a pointless gesture, as she could not will herself to do so.  Through her blood she would always be irrevocably tied to battles against the Shenaihu.  The innate knowledge of the Mendaihu soul welled within her, waiting to be brought out.  To curse her parents' mission was a pointless gesture; to curse her parents' heritage was to curse at her own soul.
Mendaihu sehndayen-ne, she thought.  Teachers of the faith.  Priests in their own right.  Aram and Celine were, among other things, dedicated and ordained teachers of the Mendaihu faith in the Universal One.  The dedication to their faith and the Bridgetown community gave her a sense of fierce pride.  Pride, which the Mendaihu never relied on.
She smirked, remembering her father’s words regarding that deadly sin.  Pride is all well and good, Karinna, but the minute you rely on it, you're dead.  Faith is the real energy; pride is just the sugarcoating.
To hell with this frustration, she was damn proud of her parents!  They had saved many a soul while serving on the Alien Relations Unit, just as she had.  They had taught her, and many others, the way of the Mendaihu, and how to harness and utilize the powers in the energies of the universe.  But was she honestly Mendaihu?  Even with the training and her bloodright, was she even worthy of the name?  Being Mendaihu was a tone of being she felt she had to earn rather than inherit, and she was a hell of a long way from reaching that goal.  Today’s events were proof of that: she had not been prepared at all for any of it.  But who could have been?
What did you do to us, Nehalé?
If she were any other person in this city, she would be terrified of these Shenaihu right now.  This was not an army, or some ragtag group of self-professed revolutionaries, bent on political overthrow.  This was not some jacker gang like Vigil, who sought repentance by way of anarchy and disruption within the corporate system.  And this was not a religious crusade.  Far, far from it.  It was not a display of revolutionary zealotry.
Like the Mendaihu, the Shenaihu were a spiritual force transcending political boundaries.  In many ways they were very much like the Mendaihu, and not just in spiritual presence.  Their reality was beyond the normal limits of human and Meraladian life.  They could look through the mind of an innocent, straight into the very soul within.  They craved inner meaning, far past the tangible possessions and short-term stimulation of the modern worlds.  Like the Mendaihu, as with so many other spiritual followers, the Shenaihu passion to achieve their spiritual goal was unyielding: redemption within the Universes, to retain the knowledge they once had as eternal souls in the ether and lost upon becoming real in this universe.
So alike, yet so utterly, unchangeably different.
She knew she should be terrified of them, knowing what they could do.  They’d caused death and chaos during the last Embodiment.  And they had killed her parents five years ago, leaving her an emotional and spiritual wreck.  And today, they had killed recently awakened Mendaihu at the church and who knew how many other places.  Forcibly taken spirits from their bodies and ended their physical lives, without remorse.  And it was all in response to Nehalé Usarai’s ritual.
But she wasn't scared of the Shenaihu.
In fact, she understood them all too well, and that terrified her.  Like Poe, she was a seasoned profiler, and it was second nature to learn how to think like the other, no matter who they were.  She needed to release this fear, before it was too late.  She needed to tell someone what she understood about the Shenaihu.  She felt it strongly, wordlessly, within her soul, begging to come out.  She had tried a number of times with Poe without success, though she blamed herself for her inability to find the right words.  She did not get much farther with Farraway.  She hadn't had the time or place to sit down with Sheila, her ex-partner and once close confidant, but the temptation grew stronger daily since the Nehalé’s ritual.
Inside the debriefing room, she could hear the clamor of Sheila's voice filling the room.  That girl was never one to go quietly when asked, and had fought against Questioning all the way.  For perhaps the fourth time, she described the visit to Nehalé Usarai's apartment and what she had sensed there; the call to the cathedral and what she had witnessed and sensed; the aftermath and her own personal reactions.  Inspector Farraway, cold and distant as usual, listened without interruption.
Next door, Poe was taking Nick through a less intense line of repeated questioning.  Caren felt sorry for him...for both men, actually.  Nick had joined this ragtag department of oddities and misfits nearly two years ago — he had requested a transfer from South City Metro Police, and in that span of time, the most he'd ever seen was a small riot caused by neo-antialienists in the Waterfront District.  If Nick walked after what he’d seen, Caren would not stop him.
Sheila finished first, exiting the room and cursing under her breath.  She paused in the doorway, rubbing her eyes and shaking her head, frustrated and angry, yet accepting the interview with grudging acceptance.  Her sensing abilities had been maxed out twice in the same afternoon, and the exhaustion showed on her face and body.  Lifting her eyes, she saw Caren and offered a weak smile.  Farraway abruptly cut between them with barely an acknowledgement, and walked away silently towards the back stairway.  No doubt he was just as pissed off.
“Hey,” Sheila said, her voice soft and weak.  She stood close, too close.  Caren hadn’t expected the proximity and shifted.
“Uh...hey,” she said nervously.  “You okay?”
Sheila gave her a noncommittal shrug.  Her energy had peaked some time ago, and she was not taking the crash too well.  She wavered, but only slightly, as she stood.  She touched Caren on the shoulder and squeezed.  “Yeah,” she breathed.  “I'm cool.  Thanks for being there.”  She moved forward and embraced her.  “You saved me yet again.”
Yet again.  Goddess, she’d forgotten about this feeling, this nervousness.  Years ago, before they were both ARU agents.  Caren awkwardly circled her arms around her, countless memories flooding back, the emotions behind them struggling to escape.  She had forgotten the sensation, the closeness that she had felt with Sheila.  She had never been afraid of this unconditional love she had for those closest to her, and especially those she worked with and had cared about for close to ten years...yet something was missing now.  A dark chasm, partly due to the loss of her parents and partly her self-imposed distance, had opened between herself and nearly everyone she knew.  Sheila, who had once been her longest and closest friend, now seemed a dreamlike oasis of serenity she could not permit herself to approach, only to view from afar.
She was almost unaware that Sheila had been crying into her shoulder.
“Shhh....hey,” she whispered into her hair.  Words she had meant to keep inside slipped out: “Hey, kiddo.  You're still my sehnadha.  Don't go losing it on me.”  
A sob that could have been a laugh was her response.  Caren drew her in, caressing her protectively.  Goddess, how I miss this...  They embraced, longer and closer, this time without the wall of distance.  Sheila pulled away first, but only to look at her straight on.  She half-hid a devilish grin behind the palm that wiped away her tears.
“…sehnadha, huh?” she laughed.  “Haven't heard you call me that in a long time.”
Caren found herself blushing, but couldn't do anything to cover it.  They were still close friends, even after a five-year absence of emotion.  She admitted to herself that she did miss her, terribly.
“My shadhisi,” Sheila whispered, winking at her.
Caren couldn't help but laugh, a secret joke between them.  She did miss her, more than she could ever possibly show her, but those emotions had been from another time, another place entirely.  The most she could do now was remain loyal and caring, and Sheila had accepted that.  She drew her into another embrace.  “Hey,” she whispered into her ear.  “I'm just glad you're alive, girl.”
“Me too, kiddo.”  She pushed her out of the foyer and into the main hallway.  “Come on, I’m starving.  Let’s get something to eat.”
“Fine time to think about eating,” Caren teased.  “We’d better use the cafeteria…it looks like Farraway is fixing to haul us into another team meeting.”
“Wouldn’t surprise me,” she said.  “He’d just about had enough Telling for one day, by the looks of things.”
Caren sensed there were unspoken words, and stopped her in the middle of the hallway.  “What did Farraway ask you?”
“Nothing…” she shrugged.  “Nothing important, really.  Just wondering if…”
Caren nodded.  “…wondering if you and Nick were comfortable with this case, right?”
Sheila did not look surprised at all.  “Yeah.  That’s the gist of it.  He was so hard-assed about it at first, at least with Nick and me…now he’s all over us, making sure we’re safe and sound.  Almost sounds as if he’s covering his own butt.”
Caren shook her head quickly.  “If he can ask about me and mention my parents all in one go, he’s definitely not hiding anything.  Protecting us, maybe, but hiding for his own safety?”  She shook her head again, pushing off towards the cafeteria again.  “Not a chance.”
Sheila wasted no time picking up the cue.  “So what would he be protecting us from, if he were in fact doing so?”
“I wish I knew,” she lied.

*

Poe stared into his tilted coffee mug, absently watching the remaining liquid circle around the bottom, hardly paying attention to the last few things Nick had said.  Procedure had called for multiple tellings of the tale, a different person listening, sensing, and asking questions each time.  In an ongoing case with intense involvement, such as the one they now found themselves in, the Questioning was mandatory.  Caren had listened in first, then Farraway, then the two of them with Poe as well.  This fourth time was enough for anyone to suffer through without needing a soulhealer afterwards.  He'd seen the beginning of the attack via the squad car cameras, and he’d seen the bloody aftermath courtesy of the Special Forces footage.  He'd also heard Sheila's version twice already.  He doubted there was much else that Nick or Sheila could have missed, given the situation. 
“Are we almost done?” Nick muttered from behind the hand that rubbed at his eyes.  “I must have told you and the Chief my story damn near enough times.  Goddess…it doesn’t even make sense to me anymore.”
A brief grin lifted Poe's face.  “Yeah, we’re about done.”  He put down the coffee mug and reached his arms above his head, weary muscles welcoming the stretch.  He nodded at Nick's mug.  “You need a refill?”
“I'm good,” Nick said quickly, itching to leave.
“Okay.”  Poe flipped his notebook closed and leaned back in his chair.  “Do you have anything you want to add?  Comments?  Questions?”
Nick delayed his answer, tapping at the table with his fingers.  “I’m sure I’m not the only one with a theory here,” he said.
“The Eighth and now the Ninth?”  Poe had been expecting this from him; he was actually surprised it took so long for him to bring it up.
Nick winced.  “Yeah.”
“Well…” Poe exhaled long and slow.  How many times had he described that spiritual war?  How many times would he have to describe it again to another new recruit?  And how many times would the childhood memories of those days haunt him?  He exhaled again and leaned forward in his chair, hands clasped tightly in front of him on the desk.  In a fit of frustration, and much to Nick’s surprise, Poe reached over and shut off the Questioning recorders, monitors, data crystals and all.  This was information the ARU already knew, or at least was supposed to know in more detail than anyone else…yet he never felt safe explaining that fateful month while surrounded by recording equipment.  Since Nick had asked, however, he wasn’t going to hold back.  He was certainly old enough to remember the previous one, but Poe had a feeling he’d never experienced it personally, not like he and Caren had.
This was going to be tough.
“Speaking of the One…” he started again.  “First off, let me dispel any rumors that are surfacing.  There’s no way we’re facing another event of the same magnitude as the last Embodiment, absolutely no way.  That war lasted just over six weeks, November spilling into December, but it was a perfect shitstorm that nearly tore the city apart.  A lot of identity theft by jackers.  Gang violence in McCleever and Waterfront, a hell of a lot worse than it’s ever been.  The economy was tanking before it all happened, and the war made it even worse.  A lot of scared people…and kids…Goddess, a lot of kids.  It wasn’t pretty.  No one was sure whether or not they were being spied upon by one side or the other, including myself.
“The methodology behind it is what got me into studying crime investigation.  There are very few of us profilers who have actually sat down and tried to see it from both sides.  I know of two.  One ended up writing a book about it that no one dared to publish for a decade and a half.  The other man committed suicide.”
“What about you?” Nick asked.
“That’s a good question,” he said. “About ten years ago…I started getting interested in the history of the Embodiments.  I remembered it as a kid, I must have been eight at the time — and it changed me.  The fact that we had so-called ‘psionic warriors’ on Earth made absolutely no sense at all to us humans at first.  Hell, we were only the what — fourth or so generation that had the Meraladians in their lives?  But when this happened…when we had people dying for no apparent reason other than spiritual persecution…it made no sense at all to me.  I was pissed more than I was afraid, stupid as I was back then, but I wanted to do something about it.  So about ten years ago I began studying on my off hours.  Been doing it ever since.”
He took his pause in the conversation to stand up, stretch and walk to the cooler to fill his mug.  He downed two full cups of cold water and exhaled deeply, shaking off the tension.  He glanced over at Nick, who looked as if he was trying to form some thoughts in his head and having difficulty with it.  He’d get it sooner or later.  The kid was smart enough.
“So anyway,” he continued.  “Here we are.  Twenty-five years later.  We get five timed attacks, played out by the nuhm’ndah and orchestrated by the Shenaihu.  All this as a violent response to what may be the largest awakening ritual ever performed on this good Earth.  Shades of the Eighth Embodiment?  Possibly…but it’s not the same.  That event was triggered by nothing other than a mad craving for power that spiraled out of control.  It was a horrific war that shouldn’t have happened.  This time out?  Well…I’m still not sure.  These attacks…the ritual…this is something altogether different.”
“How can you tell?” Nick frowned.
“Apples and oranges, my friend,” he smiled wearily.  “These recent events are just the prelude to something bigger.  The Ninth Embodiment is definitely here.”
Nick’s eyes widened.  He might not be a follower, but he certainly knew what the return of a messiah meant in the grander scheme of things.  “You’re kidding.”
“I can’t prove it otherwise.”
He was interrupted by a quick rapping at the door, followed by Caren popping her head in.  All humor had left her quite some time ago.
“Hey,” she said.  “Sorry to interrupt.  Farraway wants all of us up in the counseling office.”
Poe groaned.  “Not another Questioning.”
Caren shook her head.  “Kai and Ashan arrived and they want to see us.  All four of us.”
He glanced over at Nick before saying anything.  He had clasped his hands over his head and leaned back in his chair, eyes closed.  It could have been frustration, but more than likely it was just plain exhaustion.  “Don't look at me, Alec,” he said, half-smiling.  “I got me into this, not you.”
Poe smirked at his brashness and turned to Caren.  “We'll be up in fifteen.”  She nodded and closed the door again.  “Right,” he said, slapping his palms against the table, the Questioning process finally complete.  “I'm up for another nicotine break.  Care to join me?”
Nick nodded.  “Anywhere's better than here.”

Nick tapped the security code and slid open the glass doors to the seventh floor patio, and was welcomed by a rush of cool early autumn wind.  He exhaled loudly.  “Yeah...that's much better.”  He stepped to the railing and exhaled again, tension pouring out of him.  “I don't know how you can do it, Poe.  Those interrogation rooms are just plain fucking hell.”
Poe cupped his hand and lit a cigarette.  “Just like anything else, Nick.  You do it long enough it becomes just another part of the job.”  Reacting to Nick's frown, he appended his words as he handed him the pack.  “Trust me, kid.  Things are too chufyo around here to ever get dull.  Not a day goes by I don't find myself baffled by Meraladian logic.”
“They're not very easy to pin down, are they?” Nick said, lighting his own cigarette.
Poe joined him at the railing.  “It's not so much about 'pinning them down' as it is in understanding their flow.  You gotta think like them in order to know what they're going on about.  How this world manages to understand them at all is a bleeding miracle.”
“I see,” Nick said, and began waving his hands as he spoke.  “That's where the Spirit comes in.  They converse more in Spirit than they do in this reality.”
Poe smirked.  This kid's as green as the Wilderlands.
“Err...close, but not quite.  It's not so much conversing as sensing.  Take the weather, for instance.  By just picking up what you see and feel, what would you say it's going to do, best guess?”
Nick frowned for a second before answering.  “Well, it's cloudy but not dark...kind of windy, coming from the south, a little stronger than usual, even for us up on the seventh floor.  Best guess — and no, I didn't catch the forecast today — I'd say that it might rain later on tonight.  Why do you ask?”
Poe flicked ash over the railing.  “That's about normal for human sensing.  We pretty much just file it under evolutionary instinct and sensitivity, with a bit of short-term past experience.  Now, Meraladians?  About ten times as strong.  They would have answered my question by stating that the rain will probably go inland and miss the city entirely, and if the city gets it, it’ll probably be a light drizzle lasting about a half hour, if anything.  Their sensing includes basic emotional reactions in others through energy waves.  A man can have a stone face and an aloof attitude, but a Meraladian can tell how he's feeling without hearing a word.  Despite our relations, their own evolution is quite a few millennia older than ours.”
“Okay,” he said.  “And the Mendaihu?”
Poe thought back to his meeting up at the Crest and felt the remnants of his experience beyond the lifted Veil.  It swirled in the back of his mind, just out of the sharp focus of his consciousness, leaving only the blurred shape of the Sprawl.  The emotional image, the intensity of what he'd seen, however, had imprinted itself clearly across his spirit, something he would never forget.
“The Mendaihu...” he trailed off, looking east.  The Mirades Tower rose majestically in the distance.  He shivered, a sudden unease washing over him.  “I really couldn't tell you, Nick, but my best approximation would be at least fifty times as strong as ours.  At least.  Probably more.  And that's for all Mendaihu, both human and Meraladian.”
Nick whistled.  “Damn.”
Poe knew the inevitable question lay unspoken in Nick's mind: what about the Shenaihu?  It was assumed their sensing abilities must be in the same range as the Mendaihu.  How else could everything that happened today make sense otherwise?  His mind replayed the image of the floor of the church, covered in blood and glass, and dozens of Mendaihu lying either dead or severely injured in between the overturned pews.  Special Forces had gone in after it was all over and captured it all on digital.  Poe had watched as much footage as he could take, but he could not yet will himself to see that carnage from the Shenaihu point of view.  It was just too visceral.
“Nick —” Poe began.
“Agent Poe,” the young officer interrupted.  He pushed himself off the railing and stood straight at attention towards him.  “Listen, I know I'm the brat here.  You, Agents Johnson and Kennedy are all older than me, with a lot more experience not only on the ARU, but also around the Sprawl in general.  I'm proud to be working with the three of you.”
Poe winced.  “Nick, I —”
“Let me finish, please.  I need to say this.  I'm sure it's been on your mind as well.  Now, in spite of me being new here, regardless of the fact that I've worked with you all for close to two years now, I'm aware that I may not know nearly as much about the Mendaihu…and I know I don’t have any of the special abilities the three of you have.  But that doesn't stop me.  I covered most of South City for four years before I came here.  Being everything from a glorified bodyguard for some CEO to a security mediator between five different Foundation worlds for a major business deal, there's one thing I understand more than anything else.  And that's fear.”
He flicked ash from his cigarette and looked away.  “I know how it feels, Poe.  Do you know what it's like to understand that the peace agreements outlined in the CNF Mahaye-Sirius Treaty treads a very thin line?  Any stupid moves and transuniversal commerce goes to shit?  Or that the death, however accidental, of a major player in South City can mean irreparable damages both in his or her company and the economy in general?  Trust me, Poe.  I know fear well.
“I figured either Caren or yourself would pussyfoot around these attacks when I’m around, but I'll tell you right now that I do not plan to step down.  So don’t hold back, because it wouldn’t be fair to any of us.”
Poe stared at him in blank surprise.  “I...uh...okay,” he stammered, unsure how to react to that.  “Really,” he started again.  “I'm glad you’re on board.”
Nick nodded, stubbing the cigarette out in an ashtray on a nearby table.  He glanced at his watch and then smiled at Poe, an oddly serene expression on his face.  “About that time,” he said.
Poe got the door and let them back in.  On the way down to the Counseling office, he had to question himself: who had the better grasp on the situation here?

*

Kai quietly folded her hands on the table and observed the others surrounding her, throwing out a single strand of sensing at them to judge their levels of agitation.  Chief Inspector Farraway stood at the opposite end of the table, head down and arms crossed tightly, deep in thought.  He was obviously bothered by the church incident considering the chaotic emotions swirling through his head and heart...but that was as far as she could go.  His thoughts were private and elusive, and she could focus no further.  His agitated energy danced wildly about his body, directionless but kept very close to the skin.  She knew enough to keep a respectable distance when sensing him; any closer and her spirit presence would be felt.  Humans did not like such an intrusion.
She also felt intense emotions from the fiery Sheila, whose brightly shimmering aura seemed more a normal occurrence than an excited state.  She had been directly involved in the incident at the church on Ormand Street along with Nick, and so had draped a cloak of protection over herself and those immediately surrounding her.  The gesture was purely instinctual, something she hadn’t even thought about doing; she just threw it out there subconsciously.  They had been blessed with a true Protector on this team.
Sheila stood directly behind the woman who must be Caren; she sat quietly and unassumingly halfway down the table, not saying a word or showing a shred of emotion.  Her spirit was so wound tight, so restrained that she found it worrisome; it was neither normal nor healthy.  By being her Protector, Sheila had become a channel for Caren's energy, instinctively siphoning out the fear and pain, and replacing it with a pure and unconditional love.  They were an interesting pair, not quite sehnadha and not quite shadhisi, but something in between.  Kai could sense their intensely strong bond, twin souls entwined.  Caren’s spirit was scarred and raw, barely a scrape emanating past those within the room.  It made Kai want to read her spirit signature even more, test it, read it somehow, yet the woman kept it so guarded even Ashan would have been unable to crack the surface.  She lingered on the two a little longer before moving on, hoping she would have that chance soon.
She felt Nick's odd signature before he even entered the room.  It was unmistakably human, yet behaved as if Meraladian.  He was completely aware of his surroundings, and immediately understood the actions and emotions of those around him...yet, as she had read from his file, he lacked any latent psionic ability.  Unless his sensing abilities were dormant, his job as a profiler relied solely on logic and intellect.  He took the chair two seats away from Caren and got himself settled, ready for whatever was about to unfold.
Alec Poe followed close behind and sat down next to Caren, unassuming and...
Cold…!
Kai frowned at him without meaning to.  She immediately lifted a hand to her mouth to keep herself from saying anything, or thinking anything for that matter, and blushed, wondering what had caused this sudden and unexpected reaction.  It was not the same bitterness of nearby Shenaihu, but the unnerving coldness of someone moving in too close and too quick before she could lift up her own instinctual shield.  That was the spirit signature of someone who knew the geography of her soul inside and out, coming and going whenever they pleased.  She had not felt this up at the Crest earlier this morning, nor had Ashan, or he would have surely mentioned it.  She had never felt anything like this in her life, and she did not know how to react.  Was he intruding?  Or was he…?
Kai, Ashan whispered within.  Is something wrong?  She turned to her brother.  He responded by pursing his lips and absently straightened the stack of files in front of him, avoiding eye contact.
Uh...no, she responded.  Just an odd sense reading is all.
Alec Poe?
She gave him a quick nod.  Ashan did not answer.  Everyone was in the room, and they were waiting for the meeting to start.  She quickly composed herself and let it go for now.
“Thank you for coming,” she said, hoping her voice hadn't just wavered.  The sensitives in this room did not appear to notice any shift in her own energy signature, much to her relief.  She glanced again at Ashan, who motioned for her to continue.
“Ashan and I are aware of the attacks today.  Our prayers go out to the victims...I only wish we could do more, but CNF guidelines restrict us.  Since the attacks, we have not been permitted inside the church or its surroundings; nor have we gotten much information about the four other attack points.  I fear this may be to our disadvantage in the future, but it is something we can work around.  Chief Inspector, do you concur?”
“Yes, emha,” he said, and cleared his throat as he picked up a vidmat from the table and started reading.  “This is the preliminary data I received from Chiappara and the Special Forces team.  The four remaining attack points are as follows: the corner of North Main Street and Pendergast Boulevard in Glover Court, just across from the Public Data Library: straight north of the Tower.  The outdoor market at Sculler's Crossing in the Waterfront District: east of St. Patrick’s, and the hardest hit.  Lexington Square in South City, one of the busiest intersections in Bridgetown.  Last is right down the street: the corner of Ormand and West Krieger in Fraserville.  Number of injuries and losses is inconclusive at this time, although we do have an ongoing shortlist of them here.”
“Vidmat on,” Ashan said.  A section of the wall behind him blinked to life.  “Live satellite image, Bridgetown Central.  Highlight points of today's attacks.”  The vidmat responded with a blurred pan and zoom until Mirades Tower reached out towards them, dead center in the image.  “Map all geometric alignments of all highlighted points and include the initial reach of edha Usarai’s awakening ritual.”  The vidmat screen came alive with thin strands crawling across the satellite picture, dissecting and circling the city.  The room grew cold and quiet as the agents stared wide-eyed at the map.  The points of attack had been laid out in a perfect pentagon, with the Tower dead center.
The first blast of Nehalé Usarai’s ritual was in perfect alignment.
“It’s a hrrah-sehdhyn,” Alec said, voice barely audible.  “The five-point defensive response.”
Farraway nodded.  “Considering the view, the area around the Tower received less damage than we thought during the psychic blast from the Awakening ritual.  The casualty numbers from the ritual’s shockwave are amazingly low.  We're looking at a death toll of under ten.”
Caren gaped at him.  “Only ten?”
An unexpected burst of energy emanated from her, her first show of emotion and aura since they entered the room, and Kai flinched without meaning to.  It was harmless, but it was frighteningly strong.  Mendaihu Elder strong.  She forced herself not to look at Ashan, fearing the others would notice.
“The fact that the shockwave was from an elemental casting and not incendiary explosives is a starter, Caren,” Farraway continued.  “The most direct damage edha Usarai’s ritual did was rattle the foundations of the surrounding buildings.  Physically, there was little to no fallout.  The ten deaths caused by his ritual were not directly involved, and were of natural causes: seven heart attacks and three brain aneurysms.  To put it bluntly…they were in poor physical health and couldn’t handle the strain.”
Caren shook her head.  “But…the reaction?  Psychologically?”
“We’re still working on that,” he said with a touch of irritation.  “No one wants to talk about it, that’s the problem.  Most felt no change at all, other than frayed nerves.  The reaction gets weaker as we spread out from the Tower.  We haven’t moved farther out than the initial two-mile cloud radius yet.”
Kai felt Caren’s energy level jump and ascend, just as Sheila stepped away from her and leaned against the wall.  A fierce wave of love — not towards Sheila, or even through her for that matter — burst forth in its threadlike protective and focused form and shot northwards, towards someone obviously not in the immediate area.  Kai felt the wave as a short jolt of electricity through her own body, and she couldn’t help but stare at Caren now.  This energy radiated out of her, more luminous than Sheila’s aura, pure and dedicated.  This protective love must have been directed at someone extremely close to her in heart and in mind.
Another Protector, she thought.  Stronger than Sheila…
“That doesn't explain...” Caren started, then changed course.  “Last I knew, elemental castings do the same amount of damage, psychologically, as an incendiary device with the same reaction.”
“Yes,” Ashan said.  “But because of the preparation that goes into the ritual, it also gives sensitives a heads-up well enough in advance.  That would explain the high number of witnesses sensing edha Usarai well before the blast.  They knew to get out of harm's way before it happened.”
“Still...” Caren frowned.  “Under ten?”
Farraway took Kai’s folder and slid it in her direction.  “Would you like to see the report?”
She looked at him icily and pushed it back. “No thanks.  I'll take your word for it.  So what about today?”
Farraway started to speak, but Ashan cut him off.  “To confirm your thoughts, Alec, yes, it is a hrrah-sehdhyn…the Shenaihu have considered edha Usarai’s ritual a major threat and have responded five-fold.  This was their own protective response, whether we want to dismiss this or not.  There has not been any word from any Shenaihu spokespersons, but it seems for now they are not going to move further unless edha Usarai makes one himself.”
Alec nodded but remained silent, frowning deeply.  Kai shivered, still feeling the strange energy from him, though she did not recoil.  She felt the severe focus he held on the subject and the energies of those around him, though he seemed unaware of his own action.  His eyes never completely fell on anyone, only moving from one person to the other.
“About this five-point response...” he said.  “According to my studies, the hrrah-sehdhyn is used most commonly as a defensive move, keeping the enemy stuck in one place.  Am I to assume that the Shenaihu think of the Awakening ritual as an offensive on the Mendaihu's part, even if the prevailing theory is that edha Usarai himself acted defensively?  It's enough to say that the response was symbolic enough to put the Tower into some sort of warding or defensive barrier, but unless we have proof that the Shenaihu acted first, I'd say this whole debacle puts the Mendaihu in an extremely bad light.”
“I agree,” Kai said.  “That is why we need to bring Nehalé Usarai into custody.  It certainly looks as though he holds knowledge of a Shenaihu offensive.  If that is so, then the ritual was his way of leveling the odds.  Unfortunately, that would put us in a delicate situation.  The Mendaihu do not want to enter into a...” she stumbled, hiding some words and searching for others.  “...a religious war with the Shenaihu.”
“That's it, though, isn't it?” Poe said coldly.  “That's what this is turning into.  The Shenaihu and the Mendaihu have always been in this little argument, haven't they?  Dominance over whatever it is they fight against, be it holy land, the next messiah, or the One of All Sacred.”
Kai paled.  “I...”
“See it from our perspective, Agent Poe,” Ashan interjected, his eyes piercing.  “As Gharné, you only see our wars as spectators.  See it as Mendaihu or as Shenaihu, the choice is yours.  But until you do, you cannot understand--”
Poe slammed a fist on the table and cursed at him.  “Why the hell do you think we're asking you what to do here, Ashan?  I don't have the slightest frigging clue what you guys go through!  I could talk spirit reading until I'm blue in the face, but that doesn't bring me nearer to enlightenment, does it?  I have to be Mendaihu or Shenaihu in order to understand it, like you said.  But we're not.  We haven’t been awakened — at least I know I haven’t.”
Kai felt a cold sting from Caren make its direction towards Poe.
Caren...?  Kai stared at her, suddenly understanding her distance and discomfort.  The soul within, though dormant, screamed in its confinement.  She could indeed be Mendaihu, if she would only permit herself to awaken.  Why had she not...?  She started to speak, when Caren interjected.
“He has a point,” she said.  Kai felt the forced calm in Caren's voice, a delicate timbre meant to soothe its listeners while putting a point across to them — a distinctively Mendaihu trait.  “But let me clear it up.  As special agents for the Alien Relations Unit of the BMPD, it's our task to keep things like the church attack from happening, and if it happens, we're there to investigate it.  We're glorified detectives, Ashan, I'll admit to that.  But once you bring spirituality into it, it becomes a Mendaihu issue.  And not all of us have that gift.  And those who might, don’t exactly know how to use it.”  Pausing, she let out a breath that sounded nearly like a laugh.  Kai noticed the change — the intensely guarded aura around her began to relax and slowly resurface.  A second passed and it faded slightly.  She had let down that wall, at least for the time being, and much to Kai’s relief.
“What we’re trying to say is that we need spiritual guidance if we're to catch Nehalé Usarai.  If what we've found so far is legitimate, the only way we'll find him is for the two of you to sense him out.”
Kai let out a quick laugh.  “You make us out to be bloodhounds,” she said.  Caren smiled warmly at her in response.  There it was — Caren was willing to open up to her, however briefly.  Kai seized the opportunity and sent out a thread of energy.  It landed on Caren’s skin, a whisper of a breeze, but just enough for them to connect.  In the space of that moment she could completely sense her, and she understood the agent's anxiety...
She is hanging by a blade of grass, she thought towards Ashan.  A burdened soul.
“Thank you for the clarification,” Ashan said to Caren, then turned to Alec.  “Nyhnd’aladh, Agent Poe.  I apologize for my assumptions.”
Kai glanced at Alec and felt that odd, cold closeness again.  She shuddered and backed her senses away, masking her discomfort with an apologetic smile.
“I do apologize myself,” Poe said, and let out a long breath, two of them.  “I'm afraid I haven't worked this closely with Mendaihu adepts for some time now, so I'm a bit out of practice.”
“I've got a rhetorical question,” Nick said, and leaned forward, hands clasped together and steepled index fingers pressed up against his lips.  His eyes focused hard on the table in front of him.  He had not said a thing during the entire meeting, though Kai could sense his thought processes moving at breakneck speed.  There was something to his aura, an intense focus — similar, but different than Alec’s in its intent — wrapped within that chaotic energy.  Something familiar…
“Say we get Nehalé on our side of the investigation,” he said.  “Obviously, that makes us part of this...this war, for lack of a better term.  What are our chances when it comes time to face the nuhm’ndah?  Judging from what I saw today...” he grimaced, intertwined waves of disgust and horror seeping out of his aura, and looked at Kai.  “...I'd say we're in deep shit where we stand now.  I know what I saw, emha.  They didn't think twice about who they were aiming for, there at the church.  Nehalé might have been the intended target, but they weren’t too worried about collateral damage.”
Sheila had moved closer to her partner, and now stood above him, leaning on the back of his chair.  “If they were after Nehalé, they would have gotten to him directly, and spared all the others, even if there was a shield keeping him safe,” she said.  “The Shenaihu may be polar opposites of the Mendaihu, but they’re not ruthless killers, either.  It doesn’t make sense.”
“No, it doesn't,” he said, looking over his shoulder, up at her.  “That's what bothers me.  Even more so that this hrrah-sehdhyn seems to be aiming for the Tower.  Was the church just conveniently one of the focus points, or was it planned?  All five are in public places, even in Fraserville.  Realistically, these points could have been anywhere.  Residential neighborhoods, business districts, the Wilderlands, even in the river.”
“Why the Tower, anyway?” Poe asked.  “It couldn't be political.  Although I'm sure Governor Rieflin's going to push it that way eventually.”
Kai paused nervously.  There was no easy answer to that, at least not one that would reveal what she and her brother had witnessed up on the Crest.  They doubted any of these agents would understand.
Nick, thankfully, jumped back into the conversation.  “Well, that wasn't exactly my question,” he said.  “What I meant to ask...and neither of you are required to answer if you don't think it prudent...”  He stumbled again, afraid of his own words.  “What...would happen if this was a war between the nuhm'ndah and the human race, never mind Meraladians, or even the Mendaihu?  What if it's an attack against us?  Like last time?”
“Against...”  Kai shivered and stopped short.  She turned to Ashan.
What do we tell them?
Ashan lifted his head and hummed as he thought.  The truth, Kai.  We tell them the truth.  He faced her without emotion, but with the eyes of an older spirit who had suffered much.  It is theirs, they deserve as much.
She understood, and faced the people in the room.  “Then...” she paused, hugging herself from the sudden chill in the room.  “Then the Awakening truly begins, on a terrestrial scale.”
Nick visibly paled.  He opened his mouth to say something, but nothing came out.  His aura sparked and shivered around him, his nervous energy barely contained.  He glanced to his side, at Alec and Caren, then to Farraway.  Kai looked at them as well; they were all equally terrified of such a possibility, yet chose not to show it.  Only Nick seemed to be totally open with his emotions.  He cleared his throat and relaxed his shoulders, and the most amazing thing happened: the electricity around him faded to a mere pulse, seconds after his panic attack.  Kai was amazed by the speed of his return to relaxation point.  She had never seen an unawakened Gharné so in control of his spirit!  He continued as the color returned to his face, as if nothing had happened.
“An awakening of that magnitude…that would be a last line of defense, wouldn't it?” he continued.  “And in the grander social scheme of things, that can't happen without a severe backlash, can it?  Politics and Federation policies aside, this could spiral completely out of control.”
“You're getting a bit paranoid, Nick,” Alec said, leaning towards him.  “We can't rule out the possibility, but we can't make it the only one either.”
“Agreed,” Farraway said.  “A global awakening is a last option, and I’m sure Nehalé Usarai understands that as well.  We have a bead on him now, and there’s a high possibility he’ll show up again.  More than likely at Moulding Warehouse, and we have eyes everywhere around that place.  So until then, I want all of you to forget about Nehalé Usarai for the time being — we have enough agents on the lookout for him now.  Instead, I need all of you to do some recon work.  Kai, Ashan, I need the two of you to begin listening to the city.  Concentrate on the Waterfront District, but be aware of anything else that might surface elsewhere.”
“Consider it done, sir,” Ashan said.
“Sheila, you and Nick did exceptional work at the church.  I can only apologize for having put you through that, and the debriefing sessions afterwards.  I suggest the both of you go home and get some rest…you've both seen enough for one day.  Alec, Caren, I'd like you to continue with your research on the man.  Call Kindeiya at KJS again if you must, though I'm sure we've got enough out of him already.  The more contacts you find on him, the easier it is for us to find any connections between Nehalé and the growing number of Devotees of the One already at Moulding.”
“Of course, sir,” Caren said.
He nodded.  “Thank you.  Now…I want to tell you, this global awakening is something real.  There is a chance that the nuhm'ndah are also pushing to awaken the One of All Sacred, just as edha Usarai is.  Alec, Caren, I remember we talked about this…and it hasn’t left my mind.  I have to keep all options open.  It’s a possibility.  All I ask is that we try to keep it from being an inevitability.” 








CHAPTER THIRTEEN
Poe  –  Caren – Denni

Poe leaned against the back of the one chair in his kitchen that didn't have paperwork or books covering the seat, and lit up a cigarette to celebrate the end of a long and stressful day.  A warm breeze lifted up from the street through the row of open windows and filled the room with the familiar scents of Ormand Street life.  The dusty-sweet aroma of fresh bread from the bakery down the street where he’d get free loaves every time he stopped in.  The tangy spice of fried noodles and vegetables from Ataru's Ichiban just around the corner.  The ozone of the city itself.  The smells of the neighborhood that he’d known since he was a kid.  The sounds were the same, evoking memories of his childhood growing up in this apartment.  The chatter of multiple conversations on the street below.  The constant dreamlike flow of traffic.  The rumble of a Nullport shuttle takeoff and flyover.  The soft shudder of the BMPD helicopters sweeping the area every so often.
Long day, he mused, and took a drag from his cigarette.  It was days like these, the particularly arduous work shifts that had no end or uplift in sight, where he curiously managed to feel the most relaxed as he reached the finish line.  He brought his job home with him, there was no way around that.  He would solve cases in his sleep if he could.  Once he came through the front door and went through his ritual of the post-dinner cigarette in his oversized kitchen, the thoughts stayed with him, but the nervous energy and bad karma that came with the job tended to disappear.
Today's events, however, would not go away without a fight.
He pulled the chair out from the table and sat backwards in it, facing the windows.  As with any other day in the Sprawl, he felt the changes of the night as he sat there for an hour or so, dutifully watching the last hours of the day tick by.  Outside, friendly neighbors became tense and guarded, distancing themselves from everyone except those closest to them.  As an ARU officer he was well known and well liked in this area, but now he felt those same people pushing him away as a stranger.  Friendly, but a stranger nonetheless. People tended to build up a protective wall around themselves when they lived in a sprawl.  He’d grown used to the nocturnal change, expected it.
He found himself staring at Mirades Tower, some distance away.  Offices appeared as beads of light up and down its surface, the lifeblood of commerce and politics working endlessly within.  Somewhere in that monolith was a key to unraveling this frustrating case.  Someone in there knew something about the attacks today.  If only he could figure out who, he could stop this insanity before it got any worse.
He thought of his visit to the Crest again.  He’d witnessed a spiritual healing process taking place throughout the entire city, and both Kai and Ashan had confirmed it.  But what was it healing from, and what had hurt it in the first place?  The Council of Elders had claimed it was a spiritual imbalance that no one but Nehalé and perhaps a few others had been aware of until recently.  If that was actually true, then the imbalance had culminated with the awakening ritual and the hrrah-sehdhyn to set things right again.  Five attack points, equidistant from the Mirades Tower…which had been the starting point of the ritual.  And the ritual had been in response to…what?  Why had Nehalé performed it?
“Balance,” he said aloud.  Yes…yes, that had to be it!
He pushed himself off the chair, nearly knocking it over in the process, and grabbed his overcoat from the rack near the doorway.  He fished out his comm and with some considerable digging, found the number for the Mendaihu agents.  Perching himself this time on one of the windowsills, he dialed the number, at once excited and nervous.  Kai answered after the third ring with a stifled yawn.
“Kai?  It's Agent Poe.  Did I wake you up?”
“Oh...hi,” she said.  “Sorry, you caught me napping.  What can I do for you?”
“Sorry to wake you, but something about this case just occurred to me, and I need your input.”  He found himself feeling giddy.  It felt like high school all over again, oddly enough.  “Well...I'm thinking, what if the awakening ritual wasn't part of a...what did you call it earlier?  A shimshiya.  That's a bit of a misnomer, isn't it?  Doesn't that actually mean 'endgame' rather than 'a call to arms' in Anjshé?”
She hummed in thought.  “Eons ago it did, Alec.  Before the spacefaring eras.  Back then it was more of a...um...well, probably a stalemate, more than anything else.  The Ariantos Dynasty is what gave the change in meaning....”  She let out a small laugh.  “I'm sorry.  I'm tired and I'm rambling.”
“No, actually that's exactly what I wanted to know,” he said.  “You were right.  Nehalé wasn't issuing a call to arms, Kai.  He doesn't want a revolution or a spiritual war.  He doesn’t want to gather all the Mendaihu together to fight the Shenaihu at all.  He wants a checkmate.  He doesn't want anything to happen.”
“Funny way to express it,” she said.
“In a way, it makes sense.  He wasn’t so much trying to awaken people for an army…like everyone says, a Mendaihu wouldn’t actively do something like that, right?”
“Well…yes, as a Mendaihu who follows a certain code of ethics, I’d either have to be utterly despondent, or in real need of a defense against an enemy.”
“In other words, what Nehalé did was way out of line, considering any perceived threat was in reality quite negligible.”
“In that context, yes.”
Poe nodded.  “Okay then.  If it wasn’t a defensive move, could it possibly be an offensive move?”
Kai huffed.  “Alec, that would be completely illogical.  Would you hurt Caren in any way just out of a mere suspicion that she may harbor plans to hurt you?”
 “Of course not.”
“Same goes for the Mendaihu.  Same exact reasoning.  It’s just not something we would do to those we care for unconditionally.”
“So that leaves one thing…” he said.
“The shimshiya…” she finished.
“Exactly.”
“So, you’re suggesting that Nehalé deliberately made the first move so that the Shenaihu had no other choice but to respond?  He wanted the hrrah-sehdyhn to happen?”
“Well, I think in a way he did.  Maybe he didn’t expect it to be so violent, but I’d be surprised if it hadn’t crossed his mind.”  He turned away from the window and stood again, trying to get the words correct as he worked out his thoughts, and began pacing the room.  “So let’s say my theory is correct.  Let’s say Nehalé performed a large-scale awakening ritual for two reasons.  First, considering the scale, he was trying to affect as many people as possible.  Second, he wanted the Shenaihu to force their hand.  And in doing so, both sides are now on level ground.
“Next — remember what Nick brought up?  He was worried about a major Awakening, perhaps an Ascension of the One of All Sacred.  It got me thinking…what if another Embodiment is now an inevitability?  If that’s the case, Nehalé would want to be sure the Light was in balance, if not stacked in his favor, right?”
“That’s…an interesting theory,” Kai said unevenly.  “Even if it were true, there are so many loose ends it could unravel pretty quickly.”
“Point taken,” Poe said.  “But that’s just it.  He’s not a rogue Mendaihu.  A good number of the newly awakened have been all over the place — Mendaihu, Shenaihu, cho-nyhndah and nuhm’ndah.  And of all the witnesses and affected people in the Downtown area that we asked that night, not one of them had a bad thing to say about what happened.  It wasn’t blind, religious fervor, either.  They let it happen, and they’re fine with it.  He’s deliberately trying to keep a balance, so if or when the time comes for an Ascension, it won’t be destructive.”
Now that he had voiced his theory to someone else, even if it seemed odd not to pitch it to Caren first, he was surprised he hadn’t come to this conclusion earlier.  Nehalé Usarai was not an aggressive man at all.  All reports tagged him as one of the best and strongest Mendaihu in Bridgetown Province, and Poe was not a man to be made cynical easily.  His previous Mendaihu experiences led him to believe that a man like Nehalé simply would not pull something like a massive awakening ritual without a damn good reason.  The man was an extremely cautious prophet.
“So,” he said.  “Why don’t we all meet up tomorrow at Yoshi’s Diner to discuss it?  I’m sure with the four of us together, we might be able to work out what Nehalé might do next.”
Kai hummed in agreement.  “Yes, let’s do that.  I’m sure Ashan will have a few things to say about your theory.”
“I’m sure he will,” he grinned, pleased that the conversation had gone so well.  He let a rare wave of optimism rush through him.  “I’ll let Caren know and we’ll meet up around eight. Thank you, Kai…I appreciate your input.”
“You’re welcome, Alec!  I enjoy chatting with you.  Oh, before I forget…I do have one question I’ve been meaning to ask.  I hope I’m not overstepping, but…do you mind?”
“Not at all,” he said.  “What’s up?”
“I…well,” she paused, clearly embarrassed.  “I’m sorry if this sounds forward, but it’s been on my mind.  You see, since we’ve met, I’ve been curious about your spirit signature.  It’s…unique, shall we say.  I’ve never scanned anything like it before.”
“Well, uh…”  Poe smiled and raised an eyebrow.  “How does it read to you?”
“Cold.  Not Shenaihu cold, just...I don't know.  An ominous cold.”
“Ominous, eh?” Poe masked his amusement.  He’d had it called weird, freakish, and dangerous, but never ominous!  “Let’s say it’s a very long story.”
“I'm so sorry!  It was a dumb question.  I just...”
“No, quite all right, Kai,” he said, letting her off the hook.  “I get that from a lot of Mendaihu.  I'm not sure, but I think it's hereditary.  My birth parents apparently had the same off-kilter spiritual energy, or so I'm told.  I never knew them in that manner.  I was adopted.”
“Oh...” Kai whispered.  “I'm sorry...”
“No worries,” he said.  “Anyway, it’s in the past, and I’ve made my peace with it.”
He could tell she wanted to offer a soulhealing, though she did not say it.  He'd thought about it many times, but never followed through, for one reason or another.
“I won't push you, Alec,” she said softly.  “I understand.  And thank you for answering my question.”
Poe smiled.  “Sure thing.  Tomorrow, then?”
“Tomorrow it is,” she said.  “Good night, Alec.  Pleasant dreams.”
“You too.”
He ended the call, turned off the comm, and dropped it back into his coat pocket.  He stopped at the windows again, looking out at the Tower.  He’d hoped that talking with Kai would have calmed him down some, but it had actually done the opposite.  She’d accepted his theory, but she’d also held back from saying too much in response.  The two Mendaihu siblings were definitely keeping things from them.  Perhaps it was for their own good, perhaps it was for their safety, but it irritated the hell out of him.  He hated being coddled like that.  He pulled out another cigarette, lit it, and leaned up against one of the window frames.  He exhaled heavily, knowing there was nothing more he could do about any of this until morning.
He’d get answers then, one way or another.

*

Denysia.
Denni Johnson stirred out of slumber and yawned, taking in the cool autumn night breeze from the open window.  She’d heard the voice again, calling her by that name.  Caren had called her again.  Did she just come home?  No, she’d been home for the last four hours.  Was she talking to someone?  Not at this time of night…she never spoke within this late, not if she could help it.
Was someone in the room?  No, she’d have sensed their presence before she was fully awake.  She looked over at the clock on her desk…it was a few minutes before midnight.  She looked around the room again, the lights of the city outside creating odd shapes against the walls and the ceiling.  An involuntary shudder ran down her back, making her squirm and hold herself tighter.
Denysia.
The voice didn’t sound at all like Caren, come to think of it.
She stood up and stretched, wide awake and annoyed now.  This wasn’t the first time she’d heard a voice calling her name.  She wasn’t about to answer it within, not until she told Caren about it.  She must still be awake at this time…she could sense her still moving around her own room.  She stepped quietly out into the hallway to be sure.  The lights in the front rooms were off, but there was a thin sliver of light showing under Caren’s bedroom door.  The room was too quiet.  She frowned again…something was up.
She crossed the hall and poked her head in.  She found Caren at her desk, tapping absently at a vidmat, completely lost in thought.  She stared at the display of a fractal flower as it spun slowly at her tapping, the colors morphing from one to the next, never staying on one hue.  Denni frowned…this was not a good sign, not at all.  Caren hadn’t used the flower meditation program in years.  She’d used them when Mum and Dad died…did something happen?  To Poe?  To Madeleine?  Without a word, she stepped towards her sister until she was right behind her, and reached out a hand.
“Hey, Den,” Caren said before Denni had even touched her shoulder, startling her.  She recoiled slightly, surprised, and then moved closer again.  Caren’s aura felt cold and frail.  Without looking, she reached up a hand to cover hers.  “Good to see you, kid.”
Caren's voice wavered, as if she had been crying.  Denni wrapped both arms around her neck and gave her a quick squeeze.  “Hey, sis,” she said.  “You okay?”
Caren breathed deep and fell into Denni’s embrace, giving her a tired smile.  With the other hand she touched the vidmat’s sensor pad and turned it off.   “Yeah…I am now.  Just had one of the shittiest days of my entire life today.  I can handle it.”
“Come on, I'll make you some tea.” She grabbed a hand and led her to the living room and sat her down on the couch.  She entered the adjoining kitchen, tapped the light above the sink on to the lowest level and grabbed two coffee mugs, all while keeping an eye on her sister.  She was looking back at her with trepidation, maybe a little hint of defeat.
“You know you've got school tomorrow,” Caren said lamely.
“I'm fine.  Noise woke me up anyway.”
“Oh…did I wake you?”  She had leaned back on the sofa at an odd angle, burrowed in between cushions and a comforter.  She held herself too closely, knees brought up to her chest.  Definitely not a good sign.  She filled the teapot and put it on the stove to boil, and joined her in the living room.
“No, I didn’t hear you at all, actually.”  She played up the mundane talk to keep Caren’s mind going somewhere.  “I...uh...it was the street.  It was humid and I had the window open.  Have you already shut down work for the night?”
“About a half hour ago,” she said.
“Yeah...didn't even hear you.”  She bit her lip, trying to think of something to say…but luckily after a few moments the kettle had started to whistle.  “Hold that thought.”  She grabbed two bags of peppermint tea from a cupboard and brought the mugs into the room, setting them on the coffee table to steep.  “Here.  I know you like this stuff.”  Be strong, Caren, she thought.  I don't want to see you lose it again.  She snuggled up next to her sister and pulled her close.  “Come on,” she said softly.  “Don't blink out on me now.  Talk to me.”
Caren hesitated, but only for a moment.  “I'm sorry,” she said, dropping her head on Denni's shoulder, and let out a long, labored sigh.  She reached over and grabbed a mug of tea, gingerly pulling out the bag and placing it in a nearby bowl.  “You heard about what happened today?”
She nodded and picked up her own mug.  “Yeah.  Saw some of the coverage on vidmat over Amna's place.  NewsComm didn't say much, though...they’re leaving out too much detail.  They're keeping something back.”
“Oh, they are, kid.  Believe me,” Caren grumbled into her mug.  Swallowing, she let out a satisfied sigh.  “Thank you.”
“You needed it,” she said.
Caren turned to her and smiled, but said nothing.  It was a sad smile, a brave face that hid a much deeper pain.  She returned to her mug, staring into it and swirling the contents, taking another sip.  She saw a tear welling up in her eye, but she masked it quickly by letting out a yawn, wiping it away as an afterthought.  She set the mug down and pulled at the comforter.  She turned to Denni, and gave her the sad smile again, reaching out and ruffling her hair.  It took her a few tries to get words out, the Johnson habit of stuttering and restarting, trying to form the right words the first time out.
“I can’t reveal too much right now,” she said finally, and let the words spill freely.  “But yes, Poe and I were involved.  Indirectly, I mean.  Investigating them.  Sheila and Nick were at the church, near it, when it happened.  Poe and I were at the office.  I was calling contacts about the awaking ritual, of all things.  Sheila and Nick are doing fine.  Shaken, but fine.”  She stopped there for a moment, watching Denni and contemplating, until she pursed her lips and turned away.  “Damn it all…” she said, wiping her eyes.  “I can’t do this to you.  I can’t hold this back anymore.  It’s not fair to either of us.”
It took a tremendous amount of courage, but she went on to describe everything that had happened today, leaving nothing out.  Denni listened in rapt silence, both shocked and a little afraid.  Caren had occasionally talked about her active cases, but never to this extent.  If she was telling her now, it had to be important…more to the point, it had to be personal.  An Embodiment?  She knew its history…it just sounded so impossible!  Why now?  What were the Mendaihu and the Shenaihu up to…?
Caren laid a protective arm around her, wiping the last of her tears with her free hand.  “Denni…I needed to tell you this because you have a right to know what I do.  I won’t leave you in the dark, not anymore.”
Denni nodded, eyes wide.  “Goddess...it was that serious?”
“There's no doubt, Den,” Caren said.  “You must understand now why I'm so worried about you.  But I had to tell you.”
The nuhm’ndah...  She moved closer, burrowing in under her sister’s outstretched arm.  She stared blankly into the center of the room, biting her lip and trying hard not to quiver.  The nuhm’ndah.  They've come back.  Thoughts, blurred and dark memories from five years ago, the ones she'd fought so hard to hide, threatened to break the surface of her protective conscience.  She could only hope she had the strength to handle the eventual lifting of that veil.
Denysia.
The voice startled her and she twitched before she could stop herself.
“Denni?”  Caren pulled her arm away.  “You okay?”
“I...” she shied away.  “I thought I just heard something.”  Oh Goddess…it’s not Caren at all!  Who’s been calling me all this time?
Denysia!
She trembled.  “It’s…I can hear someone calling me…I thought it was you, but you’re not talking to me at all.  You know, inside.  And they’re using that name.”
Caren’s face grew dark.  “He got to you, didn’t he?” she growled.  “It’s Nehalé…you were affected the other night, weren’t you?”
“It…doesn’t sound like him,” she said in as calm a tone as she could muster.  “It sounds like a woman…somewhere close by.  She’s not attacking me, she’s just…calling my name.  Like she’s just checking in.”
“It could be anyone,” Caren mumbled.  She was trying her hardest to calm herself down.  “Are you sure they’re…?”
I can hear her just fine, Denni said within.  She means no harm.
Her sister took an uneven breath, exhaled, and tried again.  It nearly came out as a choking sob.  But within, her voice was as calm and confident as it might have been on her strongest day.  Denysia, she said.  Tell me what you sense.  Let me know what she wants.
Denni nodded.  She closed her eyes, cast out a small thread of contact, and listened.
The response was immediate and full of relief.  Denysia!  Thank the Goddess I’ve found you! the voice said.  There was a slight shiver, a ripple of pure emotion, and she felt it throughout her entire body at once.  I will not burden you now.  I am only confirming that you are safe.  Your sister Karinna will protect you.  I will call you again soon.
Wait! Denni called out.  Who are you?  Where are you?
Silence.  The voice was gone — no, it was still there, just quiet.  The presence hummed in in the back of her mind, just barely audible.  They were sensing her, looking for the center of her spirit, and —
She gasped.  Something blazingly hot had pricked her insides, just a needle-thin jab, painful for less than a second before it vanished.  She twitched and opened her eyes wide.  They’d put something within her — no, they’d poked at something inside of her, nudging it awake.  
Awaken, my dearest, the voice said.  And then it finally disappeared.
“I…” she whispered.
Caren took her hands and held them tight.  She began breathing slowly and evenly, relaxing every muscle in her body.  Denni felt a sudden release of energy not her own, lifting outward from her body and dissipating in the air around them.  She felt the waves of calming energy washing through her, crossing through their clasped hands and surrounding her.  The ripples were warm, washing over her like love.  And she understood — it was love.  The energy that she felt between her sister and herself, what she had felt from their parents, from Alec, from...
“I...”
...she understood that love was not just an emotion, but also a living, ever-changing energy that enshrouded her, ever protective and unending.  She felt it flow between them like a secret forgotten language, understood even without proper words, or even any words at all.  This wondrous and frightening new world was completely hers and hers alone, and she was suddenly not afraid.
She understood.
She was Mendaihu.
I...Caren...what is...what is this I feel?
Caren's hands twitched in hers.  This is us, Denysia.  The true us.
“I...don't understand.”  She was startled by her own voice in the silent apartment, and confused by it as well.  It sounded dry, distant, and without any feeling, compared to the full emotion and beautiful timbre of her inner voice.
This is our heritage, Denysia, Caren spoke within her, her voice rippling through every nerve of her body, soothing and close.  Her voice bypassed her ears and brain and went straight for the heart of her spirit.  She knew at once that this was truly a sacred ability, where only the truth resided.  This is what our parents were.  They were Mendaihu.  As are we.
“Mend—”  She began to say the word aloud, but stopped herself.
“Denni,” she said, her voice warm and soft.  “I tried to keep you from this...this secret, and I'm sorry.”  She squeezed Denni's hands again, this time hard.  “I tried to keep it from myself, and I realize now how utterly stupid and dangerous that was.”
Denni frowned.  “What do you mean?”
Caren huffed out a tiny laugh and let go of her hands.  She leaned back on the cushions of the couch, sinking into their softness, and closed her eyes with a smile.  She seemed finally at peace with herself, surprising both of them.  The anxiety and fear had completely left her, leaving the real Caren Johnson: a compassionate, courageous, loving woman.
We are Mendaihu, Denni said.
Caren beamed, laughing inwardly.  She opened her eyes and looked at her.
“We are all luminous beings,” she replied.  “Just that some of us have to learn how to accept that fact.”

*

Denysia....
My little sis.
Hmmm....You know, I've been trying to figure out a way to talk to you about this, to try and find a good time, but I never seemed to get there.  I won't even bother with excuses, Den, you deserve that much.  So right now I'm going with my gut instincts, saying the truest words I can.  I'm speaking within you, Denysia.  There are no lies here.  There never have been, and there never will be.
I know you are sleeping right now, and I am whispering this so I won't wake you.  I can only hope that your soul, or your subconscious hears this and retains it.  I'm in my bed right now, right down the hall from you, staring at the shadows on the ceiling, and I pray that you won't be scared by everything that went on today.  I meant to ask you what that soul had said to you, but you looked uncomfortable in bringing it up, so I won't push you.  When you're ready, please, please talk to me, okay?
Well.  Umm.
Den, you see, what happened today...at the church, and with the conversations I’d had with the Mendaihu we’re working with…I just couldn’t help but think of Mum and Dad.  I know it happened five years ago...I really don't know how much of it you remember, or even want to remember.  Goddess knows I try not to remember it at all, though I know eventually I'll come to terms with it.  I want to, but it’s just so hard…
So let me say this:
Mum and Dad died trying to save us, Denni.  I know I told you a version of this, but I never told you the whole story.  It’s true they were over at that apartment at Branden Hill Park, trying to lure out a violent antialienist, who had kidnapped two kids, a boy and a girl.  How do I know this?  Classified files, kid.  Both the ARU and the BMPD shut this case down damn quick, while I recuperated from the shock.  Later on I had access — unofficial access, mind you, thanks to a few people who shall remain nameless for now. Suffice it to say I’m indebted to them for giving me the truth when I needed it most.  Hell, I was barely able to process it, but you know?  I wouldn’t have had it any other way.  I’m glad they told me when they did, instead of keeping me in the dark, throwing lies or half-truths at me like everyone else.
Sorry, I'm getting distracted.  Now...
Those two kids?  Boy was eight, the girl was ten.  I don't remember the names, but that's not really important right now.  What is important, is that this antialienist?  He was a Reality Seer.  Sort of like a soulsenser, only they can see the multiple outcomes of any given action.  Think of Alec, he's a profiler.  A profiler’s aim is to find the one most possible outcome, while a reality seer looks for the largest number of possible outcomes.
So...um...
So these kids...apparently he was convinced — and said as much to Mum and Dad when they accosted him, according to transcripts — that the kids were both future Warriors of the One of All Sacred.  Uh...well, to keep it short, Warriors are Mendaihu soldiers whose only role is to protect the One at all costs in both his or her physical and spiritual forms.  At those kids' ages, one can never really tell what they'll become.  A skilled Mendaihu, maybe, but a Warrior?  It’s possible, but the odds are astronomical.  Kids are still too malleable at that age.  They can go either way, become anything at all.
So...Mum and Dad confront this guy, try to get the kids out, you know?  It's a standard practice, being a Mendaihu -- get the innocent out, sacrificing yourself if you have to.  Only this guy...
...
...sorry.
...this guy.  He, uh.  He...he kills them.  I'll spare you the long version, Den.  The poor kids...he...he, um...
...
...damn.  I'm sorry.  It still bothers the hell out of me, kid.  Just bear with me.
He...he, um...so he takes their lives…and…Mum witnesses it all.  She can’t do a damn thing because she wasn’t in range to stop him, but she was able to see and sense the whole thing, record it.  Guy’s completely lost it at this point, he doesn’t give a shit what he does anymore.  And he knows Mum is there, and calls her out.  He challenges Mum, he challenges her to a fight, see?  A fight to the...to the death.
Do you understand now, Den?
This guy.  He was Shenaihu.  A damn near invulnerable Shenaihu.  A nuhm’ndah Shenaihu, like those from twenty-five years ago.  Like the ones who were at the church today.  Scary strong.  Relentless.  Without moral.  You’d want to be the hell away from them as quickly as possible.  So he, uh.  Mum wasn’t able to retreat quickly enough.  He takes Mum up to...he…pushed her through two floors and through the roof.
…
She…um…she lost consciousness quick, Den.  I'm sure she didn't suffer much.
...
Dad, well.  Heh.  You know him.  He'd withstand a nuclear blast if it meant saving his family.  That's the kind of guy, the kind of ARU officer he was.  And he witnessed all that, and he was fucking pissed!  He takes the bastard into the Light, kid.  Can you believe it?  Didn’t even think twice.  Who would have known our own father was able to Lightwalk like the highest trained Mendaihu could?  Goddess…!  He took the guy there, and next thing you know, they're both high above the city.  I don't know if it was Dad's sense of irony or sick sense of humor, but he re-emerges above the Mirades Tower, and lets them fall.  Just high enough to kill them both.
Weird thing, Dad was never found.
Huh.  Yeah, I know.  Stupid freakin' ending to a story, right?  So damn stupid and pointless...but it makes sense, you know?  Now that I'm past the, uh, the soulhealing.  I understand it now.  He was protecting both of us, Den.  Whoever that bastard was that killed our parents, knew them as Mendaihu.  They sacrificed themselves for us, Den.  They wanted us to grow up unafraid and unscathed.  If and when we came into our Mendaihu traits, we would experience them as they truly are: as energies of love and compassion.  If we had become involved in these Shenaihu back then...who knows what would have happened?
Me?  Well.  I think I've adjusted to these traits by now.  Sheila figured me out soon after the fact.  Farraway knows.  Poe?  Maybe, maybe not, he’s never said anything about it.  I can never tell with him anyway, but I think he’d understand.  I'm certain those two Mendaihu we're working with know by now.  I think Nick might know, but you can never tell with him.  What they don't know is that I've been using it for some time now, even when I don't admit to myself that I am.
Only tonight have I finally fully accepted this truth, when I saw it in your eyes, and felt it in your hands.  I can only hope that you do better than I did, Denysia.
Heh.
Do you know why I just called you that?  That's your adopted Mendaihu name.  Mum used to call you that when she cradled you as a baby.  I remember Dad calling me Karinna all the time. It’s a reminder to let us know that we’re all in it together.  That there are other spirits out there that will keep us anchored so we don’t lose ourselves.
So hey — just keep all this in your heart, okay?  But do me a favor.  Don't let it eat at you, not like I did.  We're Mendaihu, Den.  We’re too strong for that.  We won't act on revenge.  Mum and Dad may be dead, but their souls live on.  Remember that, most of all.  Their souls live on, eternally.
I love you, kid.  I truly love you with all that I am, and I’m always there for you.
Sleep tight.   Sorry if I woke you up. 








CHAPTER FOURTEEN
Provincial Governor’s Council, Lehandiri Room, Mirades Tower

Considering all the recent events, not one of the eleven main members of the Provincial Governor’s Council dared to chastise him for his unorthodox changing of the speech.  Even Jack Priestley held his tongue.  He sat two chairs away from him at the curved council table, equally disappointed in Anton’s actions and frustrated at his own unexpected impotence.  Anton at least acknowledged his presence here, for all the good it did.
He had deliberately waited until everything had settled down before he began this meeting.  He had refused to do anything or make any further statements until he knew for sure that the attacks on his city had ceased.  An unsanctioned spiritual flare-up had been made with the Mirades Tower as its apparent main target for the second time in three days.  Five attacks this time.  He wasn’t about to hold an in-house PGC meeting until he knew it was safe to do so.
Now he held it out of necessity.  He would have rather talked in a closed-door meeting with his administrators in a vidmat conference, and it probably would have been the safer and smarter move, yet Jack had pushed him into it.  Anton had no qualms with members of the Crimson-Null Foundation…just with him.  The bugger of it all was that he couldn’t do a damn thing about it.  He shook his head in frustration, and pushed himself out of his chair.  The council lowered their voices to a few hushed whispers, and all eyes landed on him.
“Good evening,” Anton said.  “I thank you for coming out tonight, and again I apologize for taking up your personal time away from loved ones to be here.”  He winced, finding that introduction a bit stiff.  He let out a nervous cough, and continued.  “In light of recent events, this will be an informal meeting, though we will be recording for archiving.  We’re not here to make any concrete decisions, but to gather and parse all information available.  We need to know what went on in my province these last few days, and why.”
Before Anton could continue, the lone uniformed man sitting halfway down the table raised his hand slightly, requesting attention.  Lean, clean-cut and a little too handsome, General Stephen Phillips found admirers everywhere in the Bridgetown Province as the leader of the Sentinel Force Guard.  During these closed-door meetings, however, Anton found him irritatingly petulant and pedantic.  He was reasonably nice person on the surface, but his confrontational attitude irritated the hell out of everyone.  Anton nodded to him with a forced half-smile, accepting his offering and expecting a long, detailed report that had been prepared beforehand.  With a twitch of his left eye, the General called up the file from the nearest SFG database which would display somewhere in his field of vision, giving his eyes a slightly glazed expression.
“Before we start,” Anton interrupted.  “I would like to once again remind you that this is an informal meeting.  There are no time limits.  There are no formal guidelines to be followed other than civility.”  Seeing that no one objected and he had nothing more to say, he conceded.  “And...I believe General Phillips has the floor.”
The General nodded with a determined straight face and out of habit started to stand, only to quickly sit back down, all in one fluid movement.  “Thank you, Governor,” he began.  “I would like to start by reading a quick synopsis of today's events according to SFG findings...”
Anton quickly distracted himself by standing up in the middle of his introduction, much to the General’s surprise and annoyance, and moved to the bank of windows behind him.  He could hear the man's awkward pause in speech and quick rebound.  He'd already heard the General's lengthy and graphic report on the day's attacks twice today.  Not worth hearing this again, he thought.  Once is too much.
The meeting room's windows faced northwest, towards the glow of the landing grids of the Bridgetown TransUniversal Nullport and the gentle hills of the inner sectors.  He wished he could see Branden Hill Park, straight west and just out of his line of sight.  Nehalé Usarai had been living there as late as yesterday, right under the noses of the Alien Relations Unit headquarters down the street.  He briefly watched the BMPD helicopters hovering over the Data Research Library Archives up in Glover Court, and Saint Patrick's Cathedral in McCleever District, searchlights cutting the air.  Three more swarms of helicopters would be hovering with their own searchlights on the other side of the Tower, in Fraserville, South City, and to his right at Sculler’s Crossing.  Violence in five different areas of the city…and he was once again powerless to do anything about it.  His failure made the dull pain in his head return with a vengeance.
Shirai’s report had not left his thoughts, and he refused to put them aside.  Something important was going on here in the city, something much larger than the politics and economics that came with running a province.  This was on a societal level, a psychological and spiritual level.  Most of the people here in this meeting room had no idea what was going on, and probably wouldn’t be able to fathom the extent of damage it would cause even if they did.  They didn’t care about spiritual balance — it wasn’t a concrete idea.  General Phillips had not mentioned the Shenaihu once during his presentation.  He had just spoken words that were on the minds of every single person in this room, yet none dared say them.  
He swore under his breath.  If anything, there was only one person in this room who might understand.  And she wasn’t saying anything at all.
“Sir?” the General called out.
He turned and faced the soldier with a bored lift of an eyebrow.  “Yes, General?”
The soldier cleared his throat and stood up as if to address the room.  “Sir, you seem to be taking this morning's attacks with a troubling amount of calm.”
Anton smirked.  “Would you rather I lose my sanity, Stephen?”
The General blinked, first in confusion, then in bemusement at Anton’s deliberate avoidance of his title.  “Sir.  I hardly think this an appropriate time for humor.”
“Get to the point, please.”
The man glared at him.  “Without haste, sir.  The ARU Sentinel Teams have deployed security troops around various parts of the city.  They have now secured the perimeters of the five attack points, with additional forces at other major public places, such as data libraries, corporate buildings, and other research facilities.  The BMPD have covered the public market areas such as the lower end of Sculler's Crossing and the various shopping centers.”
“And?”
“Sir, I am at a loss.  There is no immediate crisis in any public area that any of us have seen.  None more so than usual, at any rate.  Given that the five-point attack took place at five public and seemingly predestined locations, we should be expecting a threat against the Tower itself.  Yet for the last ten hours we have seen and reported nothing at all.”
Anton let out a long, patient breath.  Couldn’t they see the obvious?  Or were they just avoiding it?  “For that, I have no answer, General.  Perhaps they're waiting for a Mendaihu response.”
“Governor!” Nandahya Mirades gasped.  That off the cuff statement had clearly hit a nerve with the Meraladian councilor, which was precisely what he’d meant to do.  Nandahya, the representative for Affairs of Meraladian Society, had been waiting with strained patience for an opening so she could join in the conversation, and he had just given it to her.  She glared at him with dark eyes and a ferocious scowl.  Her spot at the council table was to his immediate left — a purely symbolic position to show equality between Meraladian and human — but she so rarely took an active part in these meetings.  And she was that one person here who truly understood what was going on out there.
“I do apologize, emha Mirades,” he said, bowing slightly in her direction.  “That was not meant as a slight, but as a possibility.”
Nandahya pursed her lips and frowned at him, holding back coarser words.  She closed her eyes, let out a breath, and continued.  “Sir,” she said.  “I realize that may have been a rhetorical remark, and a poor one at that.  But the chances of a response by the Mendaihu may be higher than you think.  Even more so if edha Usarai makes that response.  Right now, scores of Devotees are gathering in the Waterfront sector, at or near the abandoned Moulding Warehouse.  The reports on the NewsComms are saying they're only performing meditations and prayers...” she trailed off.  Even she knew how pathetic she sounded.
Anton walked to the window again, touching the cold panes with his fingertips.  Knowing full well that any decision made during this meeting would rest on his shoulders, for good or ill, he set about trying to put an end to this directionless talk.  Given the situation, he wanted to give these Devotees the benefit of the doubt.  After all, a circle cast of that magnitude was not something to be taken lightly.  But he also did not want to endanger the citizens of Bridgetown in any way.  Selfish reasons be damned — the last thing he would want to see would be a full-scale war between spiritual factions.  He did not want that to happen again.
He turned around and faced the council again.  “General Phillips, I would like to have a Spec Force Unit parked at various points inside the Waterfront District.  Make it unobtrusive.  Let the devotees know your teams are there for everyone’s safety, just to keep the peace should anything arise.  There is to be absolutely no interference without my say-so.  The ARU are still trying to track down edha Usarai, so he could be anywhere — even down at the warehouse.”
“Yes, sir.”
Nandahya frowned at him.  “While I do honor your decision for the Special Forces to be in the district purely for security and safety, Governor, I realize I must throw my own rhetorical question into discussion.  Now, given that this display of ritual and prayer is a peaceful gesture, I'm sure that we can all rest easy in the notion that they will have been well protected, if overly so.  However, given the theories for the motives behind the attacks that have already surfaced on the street and in the media, what are the resources open to us if the same thing happens again, perhaps on a much larger scale?  Mere Spec Force units will be far from adequate to protect the crowds.”
Anton stopped himself from reacting foolishly.  “In answer to your rhetorical question — and correct me if I'm wrong — I feel that the Spec Force Unit is more than adequate for protection, especially if they are joined by the ARU Sentinel teams.  The two were designed to complement each other in just this type of situation, emha Mirades.  Past events will prove that.”
Nandahya nodded in agreement.  “I understand that, Governor, but that was twenty-five years ago.  Are the two still in sync?”
Anton glanced at General Phillips, who gave him a proud and emphatic nod.  He next turned to the gray-haired man sitting a few seats away.  Allen Tatreaux, the Commissioner for the Alien Relations Unit of the BMPD, had been sitting silently and impatiently with arms crossed and a deep scowl crossing his face throughout the whole meeting.  Anton regretted having to ask.  “Commissioner Tatreaux, do you wish to add to that?”
The man nodded and finally unraveled his arms.  There were sweat stains against his shirt, he was so wound up.  “The connection between the SFG and the Alien Relations Unit is as strong as it’s ever been, sir,” he grumbled, a touch of cynicism in his voice.  “I’m surprised that we’re even being questioned about it.”
“Yes,” emha Mirades said.  “But being linked and being in sync are two separate things, especially if we're dealing with the Shenaihu and the Mendaihu.”
“Excuse me?”
“Forgive me for being blunt,” she said.  “But are you absolutely sure the two can still work together with precision?  I’ve personally heard evidence to the contrary…but I was hoping you could prove me wrong.”
Anton winced…that was indeed a low blow.  Commissioner Tatreaux seemed to wilt a little under that statement, but refused to back down.  This was not the first time the ARU had been laughed at.  He leaned across the table towards the woman and pointed an accusatory finger at her.  “Your personal opinions about the ARU and the Special Forces Guard should not enter into this, emha Mirades.”
The corner of her mouth curled up into a smirk.  “I should say the same to you, Commissioner.”
A bunch of idiots, Anton thought, disgusted.  A bunch of blessed idiots here.  It’s a damned comedy.  The only person not joining in this argument was the one who should have been keeping this from happening: Mancka Udéma, the sole representative for the Mendaihu collective.  She chose not to bicker or break it up, instead watching all parties intently, as a well-trained Mendaihu would before going for the strike.  Eventually she glanced at him, shook her head, and pushed herself ever so slightly away from the table.
She was losing patience, and so was he.  
“Please!  A little civility here, people,” he warned.  “As it stands, Spec Force units will be stationed in the Waterfront District, away from the action but close enough for immediate response.  An ARU Sentinel Team will be on call until further notice.  I am considering this a Level Two spiritual event involving both Mendaihu and Shenaihu, but not on the scale of the Eighth Embodiment and its aftermath.  And as Governor of Bridgetown Province, I am refusing to let it get that far.”
Nandahya Mirades gave him a flash of a Meraladian smile.  “…and if it does,” she said, “leave that to the Mendaihu, Governor.”

*

“Shirai.”
Governor Rieflin sat at the corner of his desk, arms crossed and brows furrowed deep.  He stared hard at the emptiness between himself and the floor, as if trying to will the Mirades Tower AI into existence before him, as if he had any control of her whereabouts.  He sounded out her name again, this time less of a beckoning and more of a musing, as if searching for the meaning behind it.
Shirai, he thought.  Who are you?  Shirai, the shimmering and vigilant angel of the Mirades Tower, omniscient and impartial.  She was perfection.  She was protector.  She was science.  She was philosophy.  She was reason.  And she’d been curiously absent all day.
He pushed himself off the desk, returning to the seat behind it.  Several messages were open on the desk vidmat, all tagged different shades of bright colors for various levels of importance.  Whose importance was up to question, as he hadn’t touched any of them all day.
Urgent: Please discuss future economic outlook anent today’s events, the top one read, its author D.D. Hazeley and Associates.  He frowned, utterly baffled by that memo.  Hazeley represented trade stocks on Hallera and had nothing to do with Bridgetown!  Another, from Borland & Lifeson: Governor: please pass on to Priestley as soon as possible.  Would like to know fiscal repercussions post-‘ritual’ in Bridgetown center.  Another, from Kozelek Futures: Need update on ritual and St. Patrick’s.  When will we see new budget post-event?
And quite the pile from EdenTree, right here in the Tower: We need information ASAP.  Please forward all available information regarding awakening ritual to our contacts at your earliest convenience.  And a follow up a half hour later: Have not heard response to above query. Please respond urgently.  And twenty minutes after that: Governor, we understand that you are already working on the situation.  We are in need of any updates as soon as possible to ensure that our clients are not adversely affected.  And finally, six minutes ago: Please respond ASAP with any updates you may have at this time.  We would prefer not to escalate this request to the Crimson-Null Foundation.
Anton winced, feeling physically ill, and wiped the messages off the screen with a brush of his arm.  Goddess knew how many people had been affected in the ritual and the attacks…and the lawyers and financial institutions were tripping all over themselves wondering who stood to lose money from it.  And they threw the word ‘ritual’ around recklessly, as if it were an unfortunate dip in the economy and not the historical event it actually was.  He’d expected as much from these people since the night it happened, but still it disgusted him.  
He’d also read the NewsComm feeds.  He found himself profoundly impressed by the citizens of Bridgetown and their resilience; the horrors of the war during the Eighth Embodiment still hung fresh in their minds, and the recent attacks were a stark reminder that it could happen again.  There had been many terrorist attacks both attempted and committed since then, but none had come close to the level of that catastrophe.  His citizens had learned to channel their fears into a guarded readiness and a well-tempered anger.  Pockets of dissenters lurked here and there, but their small sizes kept them from causing any lasting damage.  He still needed to be a visible presence in the city, but they did not need coddling.  They would rise with him if asked.
He also thought of the fringe groups — the anarchists and the jackers in particular.  They’d been curiously quiet.  During that dark time in the past, petty street crime had become virtually nonexistent, aside from random but infrequent small scale looting.  The street gangs knew well enough to steer clear of the high-level situations and generally kept their mayhem to their own sector.  However, the hackers had taken free reign of the network at the time, disrupting securities and business in general and taking it to the point of a strange, structured anarchy.  It would take nearly three years before Shirai would have the net completely under control again.
Shirai…she had been created soon after to create order out of the virtual chaos within the Mirades Tower, to great effect.  She led the engineering brigade in putting up the firewalls and releasing the retroviruses, cutting down nearly all of the hackers in their prime.  Some clusters survived to this day, though in smaller numbers and with less damage done.  Only one group, Vigil, had eluded the killing grasp of Shirai.
Vigil was perhaps the most dangerous of them all, because they were not terrorists.  They were not aiming to destroy democracy or the economy, nor were they out to cause chaos and destruction.  They were there ‘to bring things into a wider perspective by leveling the playing fields’, according to their manifesto.  They messed with systems not to ruin them, but to keep them from overrunning humanity.  They rewrote the existing rules before anyone had a chance to stop them.  They vanished without a trace soon after Shirai’s successful rebuilding of the city’s economic infrastructure, apparently no longer anticipating any major events, and only surfaced briefly every couple of years or so, just to shake things up.  They’d never completely gone away, they only moved further underground, out of everyone’s reach.
It wasn’t until five years ago that he had learned of their current reemergence.  They had not bugged the Tower’s system, nor had they laid any businesses to waste…they had no qualms with the way the province ran then, and left it alone.  This time, they had worked on a more personal level.  They had helped a young Alien Relations Unit officer find out what had happened to her recently slain parents, who had also been on the ARU.  They had been victims of the first Shenaihu-related homicides in years, taking all the security forces by surprise.  They did not want this event to become public at all, and after a thorough investigation, they closed the case and refused access to nearly everyone.  However, six months later, a small but significant amount of high-level restricted information had been leaked in her direction.  Information that she had initially been denied.  Anton had learned about all this after the fact, once the BMPD had unsuccessfully requested a warrant for Vigil’s arrest.  Countering that she had more than earned the right to hear the truth, he denied the request and let it drop.  The ARU officer had been given the true story of her parents, even given a recommendation later that year, and Vigil shrank once more into the shadows.  No harm, no foul.
And now, here they were again, making themselves known with a memo he had received extremely late last night, with just four words: Leave them in peace.
“Peace?” he had laughed bitterly, knowing exactly whom they were referring to.  “I don’t think it exists anymore.  It’s not economically viable.”
Hoping to shake off some tension, Anton finally requested Shirai’s presence.  The hologram of the young virtual woman arrived within seconds, again sitting in the chair in front of his desk.  She gave him a polite smile and a singsong greeting meant to be endearing towards those she dealt with.  Anton smiled back, nodding at the hologram.
“Greetings, Shirai,” he said.  “I would like to ask you a few questions regarding the events of the past few days.  I would also like to have this conversation as private as possible.”
She nodded.  “Of course, sir.  That can be arranged immediately.  Commencing select private recording now.”
He nodded in appreciation.  “Shirai, I need to know what is happening on the outside.  Do you have any idea how the citizens of Bridgetown are handling the awakening ritual and yesterday’s events?”
“Would you like the numbers or the general consensus, Governor?”
“The less numbers the better, please.”
“Well, sir…” she trailed off as her image looked away in blank contemplation.  In the space of that second or so, her lack of any facial gesture could have been read any number of ways to anyone, and Anton read it as a reflection of the sprawl’s general mood.  He bit his lower lip and frowned.
“Sir,” she continued.  “I have gathered that a majority of the people are afraid, but not overly so.  The older citizens have lived through such attacks, some have even taken part in them; they have faith in you, and believe you have it under control.”
Anton nodded.  “And the younger citizens?”
“They fall under the wing of the elders, sir.  A good many of them are well informed and well protected.  They do not want another war.”
“That’s good to hear, Shirai.  I’m glad the citizens are taking such responsibility with their children.”  But not enough, he thought, keeping those words and worries to himself.  Not enough are protected.  Not from this.
“Next question…about the Mendaihu.  I understand that they do not advocate violence, and make every effort to keep any situation from resorting to it.  Are the Mendaihu reacting to the last few days’ events in any way?  That is, other than contributing to the injured and helping with the reconstruction?”
Shirai’s image almost brightened at the mention of Mendaihu.  “Sir, I am glad to report that there has been quite an influx of Mendaihu activity within the last day or so.  Many of them are aiding in the search for Nehalé Usarai.  Before the awakening ritual, he was most frequently seen in the Waterfront District as a volunteer for St. Paul’s Church on Haden Street.  There have been unconfirmed reports of his presence there at this point.  Other than that, the Mendaihu have done well to quell the fears of many.  Civilian Mendaihu with no official connections to the ARU, the BMPD, the Council of Elders, or any other agency have opted to become watchers for their neighborhoods.  The BMPD and the ARU are both sanctioning this action.”
Anton nodded again, but still he found himself fearing the worst.  The tension in his shoulders tightened, a knot of pain welling up.  Nausea constricted his throat, but not enough to make him feel physically sick.  He tried another tack.  He was sure this would be a dead end, but he wanted to ask anyway.  “Next question.  I’ve been hearing about the nuhm’ndah.  Not widespread, but enough to cause me concern.  Can you confirm if they are involved?”
Shirai’s holo gave him a wince that unnerved him; she was not programmed, at least not to his knowledge, to react with personal emotions.  A second later she regained her senses and leveled her eyes at him.  “Yesterday’s events are still being investigated, Governor.  It is quite definite that the nuhm’ndah were involved.  They’re remnants of the old Meraladhza spacefaring history, used now for, well…for lack of a better term, black ops work — infiltration, assassination, terrorism.  That they were sent by the Shenaihu is yet to be proven, though recorded evidence may point in that direction.  The ARU are in possession of a vidcrystal recording of the attack at St. Patrick’s Cathedral.”
Anton shuddered at that revelation.  Why hadn’t anyone been told about it?  The ARU would not have withheld evidence from the governmental end of the investigation…not unless the Mendaihu were involved, then it would more than likely become a Crimson-Null Foundation problem.  
He shuddered.  That had to be the reason.  “Okay…” he said slowly.  “I know there were security cams that caught the other four attacks…”
“Yes, sir,” she offered.  “But with limited detail.   The cams themselves were destroyed soon after the attacks started.  Witnesses with eyecam access came forward with their recordings, and all footage was edited together to make a rough cut for the five attacks.  I believe BMPD Commissioner Tatreaux contacted you earlier today to groundsend you a copy.”
“He did, but I haven’t had the chance to view it yet.  Getting back to the question…first of all, everything we need to know about the nuhm’ndah we gleaned from history.  They’re dangerous souls, Shirai, inhabiting human and Meraladian alike.  But do these people choose to be nuhm’ndah, or do they have it chosen for them?”
“I do not know, sir,” she said.
“Regardless,” he said.  “They are still human and Meraladhza, despite whichever way their spirit follows.  But how do you indict or incarcerate a spirit, Shirai?  How do you incarcerate or condemn a soul to death, when the physical body may not be entirely guilty?”  He sighed, unclenching his hands.  “Yeah, I know…like I said, this is all rhetorical.  We have the Mendaihu, the ARU, and the CNF to do the dirty work.”  He growled in frustration and waved the thought away quickly.  “You know, forget I even asked that.  It’s a pointless thought.”
“It’s not pointless, sir, far from it.  Just…well, I don’t believe it’s the question you need to be asking right now.”
“Indeed,” he said, and found he couldn’t look her in the eyes.  He shook his head, knowing that her eyes were not real but part of the interactive holo program, and distracted himself by getting up and moving towards the windows of his office.  He pulled one of the blinds aside, revealing the overcast sky and a storm brewing somewhere in the northwest.
“One last question.  No, make that two.  Your creator, Reimos Mirades.  He was quite the scientist down in EdenTree’s Biotech division.  Sure, we lost most information during the season of the Eighth Embodiment, and the techware terrorism that followed soon after.  However, I was able to contact the research librarian at the ARU office in Branden Hill and he was most forthcoming with information.  Now…”
He stalled, trying to come up with the right words and failing.  What exactly could he ask?  What could he say without incriminating himself or others in the process?  Glancing over at Shirai, he noticed she had moved in her chair, swiveling her position so she could still face him, but otherwise did not reveal any other reaction.  He cleared his throat to cover his stumble, and continued.
“Reimos Mirades is, or was, a Mendaihu soul.  Mind you, I’m not holding that against him, or against you for that matter.   In fact, I personally know of many who made this city what it is today, thanks to their dedication and assistance with the aftermath of the Eighth.  I’m sure you remember that.”
“Yes sir, I do,” she answered plainly.  “I’d been in beta for years, but I was finally activated January 22 the following year, soon after the nuhm’ndah were defeated.  Edha Mirades made sure that I had as much information as possible.”
“Good,” he said.  “Then I need two questions answered.  First, I need as much information as I can on how they were defeated.  Dig as deep as you can.  Find out how they were driven back.”
“And the second question, sir?”
“I want you to find out how we can keep them from coming back.”
From across the room, he could have sworn Shirai’s hologram had just turned pale.  He retreated back to his desk and sat down again in the span of time it took her to answer.
“Sir…” she ventured, quietly and unevenly.  “I…can’t promise an easy turnaround.  There are encrypted files, secured files even I do not have access to.  We — that is, edha Mirades and myself — had not expected events like those over the last few days to happen again, at least in the manner that it has.”
“Take whatever time is necessary,” he said.  “And keep this research as quiet as possible.   The last thing I need is the unending whine of financial institutions cashing in.”
Shirai nodded and smiled again.  “Levity appreciated, sir.  I understand.  I shall report to you when research is complete.”
“Thank you, Shirai,” he said, grinning back at her.  “I believe that is all for now.  I will call for you if I need anything else.”
“Of course, sir.  Select private recording complete.  Wideband recording commences.  Until next time, sir.”  She blinked at him, smiled, and disappeared, leaving him alone in his office. 








CHAPTER FIFTEEN
Alien Relations Unit, Branden Hill HQ

“Too busy this morning,” Poe mumbled, more to himself than to Caren.  He attempted to leave the curb and pull into traffic in what felt like slow motion, stopping and starting and getting nowhere.  She watched him look over his shoulder and out the open window, watching for an opening in the steady stream of cars.  She could sense the tension welling up between his shoulders and in his hands as he gripped the wheel.  She tried to sense his emotions for something deeper, but found nothing.  As usual, they were well buried and kept far away from everyone.
“Didn’t get much sleep last night?” she asked.
“Huh?”  He glanced at her, distracted by the cars speeding by.  “Oh — uh, yeah.  I’m only a few blocks from St. Patrick’s as it is.  Just couldn’t relax.”
“I’m surprised they let you stay there, considering the proximity.”  With a sharp pull at the wheel and a jab at the accelerator, Poe’s car lurched quickly and awkwardly into the stream of traffic.  Caren grabbed at the door handle and swayed in her seat.  She was tempted to complain but let it go.
“I was just outside the zone,” he said with a hint of annoyance.  “The next cross street is the farthest we can go.  Which means a slight detour to work this morning.  Oh, that reminds me: we’re meeting Kai and Ashan over at Yoshi’s Diner after we punch in.”
“Oh?”  She felt a quick pang of excitement.  “Have they found something?”
“You know…” Poe trailed off, and dug into his inside jacket pocket.  He pulled out his cigarette pack and pulled one out with his teeth.  “I, um...you know, I’m not sure.  I actually called this meeting myself.  We’re not getting anywhere looking for Nehalé by using the normal routes.”  He lit the cigarette and forced a plume of smoke out the open window.  “I believe we’re looking at this from the wrong angle.”
Caren frowned at him, confused at his remark.  She unreeled a thin strand towards him to read what he might be thinking…and suddenly stopped, realizing what she was doing.  A Mendaihu trait, she thought, with a sudden burst of misplaced pride.  Mendaihu…Denni and I are Mendaihu.  Turning to him again, she reached out again…and felt determination.  He’d gotten a bead on an intriguing idea and he wasn’t about to let anything distract him from it.
“Wrong angle?” she said.  “The guy nearly brainwashed the entire Main Street Sector, Poe.  How wrong can it be?”
He grinned at the off-color joke.  “Yeah, he did do that, didn’t he?  But the reason for it was not an offensive strike against the Shenaihu…”
“I think we’ve figured that out already,” she interjected.
“…but it wasn’t necessarily a defensive move either.  It was literally a wake-up call.”  He paused, taking another drag.  “And have you noticed that Kai and Ashan haven’t said anything about finding Nehalé yet?”
She waved a flat hand at him.  “Wait a minute.  Don’t change the subject, Alec.  What do you mean, a wake-up call?  You mean the awakening ritual?”
“Yes, Caren, I do mean the Awakening Ritual, capital letters.  The Awakening of the One of All Sacred.  I’m convinced the Ninth is here now.”  Anger emanated from Poe’s aura, though not directed at her.  “A sequence, really.  Part of a bigger, grander plan involving the One.  I aim to have Kai and her brother tell me what that plan might be.”
Goddess…was he thinking the worst possible outcome?  “A sequence?  Poe, you can’t –”
He interrupted her, his anger barely held back.  “For all intents and purposes, Caren, I am seeing it as such, despite what Farraway and everyone else has said.  We can’t rule it out.”
She shivered; his aura had radiated such negativity it pushed against her own defenses…she’d never seen him this furious.  “I know that, Alec,” she pushed back, perhaps a bit harsher than necessary.  “No need to force it down my throat.  You think I haven’t thought that myself?”  She turned away and stared out the passenger window to cool off.  Damn him…why was he letting his anger get the best of him so much lately?  And the most frustrating thing was that he was right.  She’d been leaning towards another Embodiment as well, but she dared not put it on the table just yet.  It would just make everything more confusing.  And more to the point, with all those people out there, newly awakened, including herself and her sister…she didn’t want to think about it right now.
He broke the silence a minute later with a loud sigh of resignation.  “I’m just saying…” he said, his voice much quieter.  “It’s like I said, this is bordering on a Crimson-Null Foundation case, Caren.  The bigger this gets, the more there’s a chance Jack Priestley or some other CNF member is going to take this case from under us.”
“I know,” she said.
“Who knows what would happen once they got a hold of it.  Added to the fact that both you and I have some kind of tie to this.  Take it away, and it would kill us emotionally and spiritually.”
She hid a shiver.  “That’s exactly what I was thinking, Poe.”
“Yeah, well…”
They stayed quiet for a long while after that, each annoyed for their own reasons.  Poe snuffed out the cigarette and turned the car onto a side street going east, and then caught Krieger Avenue going south, taking the more circuitous route to ARU Headquarters.  During the early part of the day the thoroughfares of Bridgetown somehow looked cleaner and safer, even on an overcast day like today, as if each citizen looked out for those around them.  Caren felt the guarded peace that hung above the city like a vast dome.  It felt like a city preparing for a war that would be hard won, but won nonetheless.
“Sorry,” she said quietly, after they had passed the McCleever Street intersection, their halfway point.  “Didn’t mean to blow up on you back there.”
“That’s okay,” Poe said, giving her a smirk.  “I started it.”
She laughed and punched him on the arm.  “Jerk!  I’m serious.  Listen, Denni…umm…”  She trailed off.
Poe glanced at her for a long moment, then back at the road.  “What about her?  Something wrong?”
“No, nothing wrong.  Just…”  She felt stupid for bringing it up, and even more like an idiot for wanting to drop it.  “She’s exhibiting signs of Mendaihu sensitivity.”  
She was completely surprised by Poe’s lack of response.  He glanced at her again, and then back at the road.  He had no reaction to that.  No surprise, no elation, no concern.  Nothing at all.  “What?” she frowned.  “What’s that look about?”
“How long has it been since it started?” he asked.
“Umm…it may have started last night,” she said.  “As far as I know, it started last night…she was sensing voices.  I heard them myself later on, after the both of us went to sleep.  Don’t know who they were, but they sounded damn familiar.”
Poe paused before answering.  “You heard them too?”
“Yeah.  Why —”  She quickly stopped, covering her mouth with her hand.  She cursed inwardly, realizing what she had just done; she had never told him she also had these abilities.  She’d never shared any of that with him…she never meant to, having denied herself the truth for so long.  He had suspected for a long while that she had inherited these traits from her parents, but had never shown them.  Now he knew for certain.
“Poe…” she whispered.  “I’m sorry.  I didn’t mean —”
“What’s there to be sorry about?” he growled.  “So you and Denni have successfully inherited your parents’ traits.  Why should you be sorry about that?  And it’s certainly nothing to hide, least of all from me.”
Where the hell was that anger coming from?  “I’m not sorry about that, Poe,” she said, glaring at him.  “To be honest, I’m relieved that it’s finally out in the open, between me and Denni, and between you and me.  Knowing that I’ve inherited something so important from my parents is one thing.  I’m finally accepting it myself, okay?  That’s why I never told you.  But now that both Denni and I…Poe, you’ve no idea how good it is to know that.”
Poe nodded slowly as he turned the car west onto Baird Avenue, at last the home stretch to the ARU Headquarters.  She watched him for a second, though not daring to sense anything else from him, lest he know she was doing so.  Instead she reached out her hand and laid it on his forearm.
“Look, I’m sorry if this bothers you, Poe,” she said softly.  “I never meant to keep it from you like that.”
The corner of his mouth curled up into an uneven smile.  He let out a short laugh, and touched her hand.  “No,” he said, grinning.  “I should apologize for being the bratty kid here.  I admit it, Caren.  You’re right.  Maybe I’m jealous, I don’t know…”  He reached into his jacket pocket for his cigarettes, thought better of it, and placed his hand back on the steering wheel.  “Seriously, nyhnd’aladh.  I do apologize for that little outburst.  I don’t know why I do it…I’ve been way too defensive lately, it’s even bothering me.”
Relieved, she squeezed his arm before letting go.  “So…?”
“So I’m thinking…”  He glanced in the rearview mirror then at her, before returning to the traffic ahead.  ARU lay a half-mile away; she saw its cream-colored polycrete peeking above the other buildings of Branden Hill.  “So I’m wondering, that is, about the scope of your abilities.  I know it’s all new to you and Denni and everything, but I’m just curious if you’re able to, well.  See the city like Ashan and Kai can.”
She let out a quick laugh.  “You’ve got to be kidding, Poe.  I’m not that good.”
“Actually, I’m not,” he said.  “When they stepped into that other reality, however you want to call it…it just felt so damned easy to them, like second nature.  I know, they’ve got years of practice and their genes are closer to Meraladhza than ours, but still…how hard can it really be?”
She thought about that question, and why he had asked it.  Was he planning something?  Or was he merely curious?  “I really don’t know.  I haven’t tried,” she offered.  “I wouldn’t know how.  One needs to be tested and trained for it, it’s not something you can pick up overnight.  I know that my parents were tested.  Their results came up negative — neither of them could step, not without assistance.  Except…”  Except Dad did jump, she added to herself.  Mum couldn’t.  Or wouldn’t…?  “Except they could do nearly everything else,” she finished.  “Soulhealing, reading, hearing, but they couldn’t Lightwalk.”
He nodded, letting that sink in.  “Would you be interested in being tested?”
She blinked, surprised that it had never crossed her mind.  “I’d have to think about it.”
He hastily amended his question.  “I understand if you don’t want to, or if you think Denni…?”
“If I were tested, no question I’d have Denni tested as well,” she said.  “It would be a mutual decision.  I can’t see a reason why I wouldn’t want to include her.”
Poe nodded quietly, and drove the last few blocks towards the ARU building.  Crossing the last intersection, Ormand Street, he stole a glance past Caren, northward towards his own neighborhood.  Nearly four miles away, nestled in between the offices of southern McCleever District and Branden Hill’s marketplaces, was St. Patrick’s Church.  Caren could see the hurt and the confusion on his face.  It went beyond their sometimes barbed words this morning, she knew that much.  Something last night bothered him, something beyond the awakening ritual and the church attack.  It was something inside him, something so intensely personal it invaded his everyday life, keeping its presence known somewhere in the background and reasserting itself at the most inopportune times.  She knew well enough not to try sensing anything from him for the time being; it felt like an invasion of his privacy.  All she could do was be patient with him and hope he was in a lighter mood once they met at Yoshi’s up the street.
In the back of her mind, though, she had already made the decision, the one she had made last night as she spoke within to Denni as she slept.  She would be tested.  She would bring Denni to be tested.
It was too important not to.
“…and here we are,” he said with no emotion as he pulled the car into the front driveway and into the side parking lot.  “The wondrous world of the Ay Are Zoo.”
“Yeehaw,” Caren said with an equal lack of excitement.  “Punch me in, will you?  I’ll be up in a moment.  I have something I have to do first.”
“Sure thing,” he said, knowing well enough not to ask.

*

Kai dreaded the thought of having this conversation with Caren and Alec, and she was sure Ashan felt the same way, but at this point, not having it at all would have made even less sense.  As she and Ashan drove the circuitous route to Branden Hill District by way of one of the outer arterials, then eastward to ARU Headquarters, she found herself wishing she didn’t have to put the two through this, especially Alec.  He was not Mendaihu — though he sometimes acted exactly like one — and he was unfamiliar with the ways of the Spirit.  But that wasn’t entirely true, either.  He was no less familiar with the One of All Sacred than anyone else, and the phrasing Mendaihu kin used to describe those uninitiated sounded elitist.  She knew from the Mendaihu hear that it was not meant that way, yet each individual’s speak contained their own nuances that could still be taken any number of ways.  She could speak as honestly and spiritually as possible, yet there was always the chance someone would misinterpret her words.  Such was the way of the Anjshé language.  She only hoped Alec would understand.
“You are intrigued by him,” Ashan said, cutting the near-silence inside the car as he drove.  “Aren’t you?”
Kai felt her face redden unexpectedly.  She lifted a hand to hide it, but thought better of it.  If she were to be honest with anyone, it would first be with her brother.  “I admit there is an attraction, Ashan,” she said, a hint of a smile darting across her face.  “His spirit is haunted, yet it seems so…” she stopped, searching for the right words.
“Trisandi?” Ashan mused.
Kai’s eyes widened.  Trisandi!  That had not occurred to her at all!  Perhaps he was what the human race sometimes quaintly referred to as an old soul, wise beyond his years and not entirely comfortable with such wisdom.  An old soul that was more ancient than it appeared.  If his spirit were in fact from their ancient and shared homeworld of Trisanda, he could…he would be more important to the Awakening than anyone would have expected.  She did not answer to Ashan’s question, continuing where she had left off instead.
“I think he understands more of the Awakening than he lets on.  He even hides it from himself at times.  There’s something in his aura that makes me think that he’s still afraid to confront it.”
Ashan nodded quietly.
He is more than human, Akaina, he said within.  Yet he is no less an ancestor of Trisanda than you or I.  Follow what your spirit sings to you, Akaina.
She nodded in return.
“And so…” he started, and let out a grumble.  Clearly he wasn’t looking forward to this meeting either, but for very different reasons.  “And so the students begin their studies, eichi.  It is time for Alec and Caren to know the full truth.”
“Yes, but what truth, Ashan?  Of their histories?  Of their destinies?  Of their True Selves?”
Ashan gave her a weak smile.  “Most of those questions they’re capable of answering by themselves.  Nehalé’s ritual did affect them, after all.  I could tell during our last meeting.  No, the truth we tell them is this: dehndarra Né hra nyhndah.  We tell them that the only truth is their own, the truth they find within themselves.”
Kai winced at him.  “They won’t know where to begin!”
“That is why we are here,” he added coldly.  “We are here to set them off on their road.  From there on in, they’re on their own.”
“But —”
Ashan glared at her.  “They’re on their own, Kai.  There is no other way.”
“Eyes forward!” Kai yelped, pointing ahead.
He turned away, shaking his head.  “We can’t coddle them, Kai.  You know that.  We’ve gone over this already.  You can show him who he truly is…but it’s up to him to perceive it…and to embrace it or withdraw from it.”
Goddess…she hated it when he talked down to her, doubly so when he drove recklessly in the process!  She closed her eyes tight and shook her head.  “You think he’s figured it out, don’t you,” she said quietly.
Ashan pulled up to a stoplight and turned to her again.  “What are you talking about?”
“Alec Poe.  You’re the one who’s afraid, aren’t you?”
“I’m not afraid,” he said defensively.  “Concerned, but not afraid.”
“Of course you’re concerned!” she exclaimed.  “But he’s been Awakened, Ashan, you just said it yourself.  They’ve all been affected in some way…everyone in that conference room, in one way or another.”
“So what’s your point?” he asked, and hit the accelerator a little too quickly as the light changed to green.
Kai sighed, tiring of this game.  He is a reality seer, Ashan, she said to him from within.  One of the strongest and most feared.  He is Mendaihu Gharra.  If he is not trained soon, there is a chance he could become kiralla…or nuhm’ndah.
“One of the faithless…?” Ashan said aloud.  “There’s no possible —”
“It is possible,” she said, touches of anger and sadness in her voice.  “The nuhm’ndah are not exclusively Shenaihu or Mendaihu, you should know that.”
“Of course I do,” he said, equally angered.  “But…I just didn’t think Alec Poe, of all people…”
Cho-nyhndah, she said.
Ashan did not answer right away.  He drove in silence for quite a long time, at least until they made the last few miles to the public parking garage near the ARU building.
“Are you sure?” he said eventually.  All the tension had drained from his voice.
“I’m positive,” she said.  “I just need proof.  I’ll bring him into the Light again today.”
“Be careful,” he said.  He reached out a hand and touched her on the arm.
“I will.”

*

Poe stood close to the ARU lobby entrance, squinting at the clouds and hoping the rainstorm would go south of the city and out to sea.  He took a drag off his third cigarette of the day, mentally cursing himself for being the smokestack that he was, and wondered why he had been so rough on Caren on the drive in.  Her admission of being Mendaihu had come as a bit of a surprise, but his first initial reaction…why had he exploded like that?
He remembered what Ashan had said about emotions, and he now found himself overly self-conscious of his actions towards others, especially with Caren.  Humans, on the surface, show reactive emotions quicker than true emotions, he had said.  Were Meraladians purer in emotion than their distant kin?  Or was it simply that they had a firmer grasp on how they felt spiritually?
“You’re not going to get answers looking in the clouds,” he said aloud, took the last drag from his cigarette and threw it away.  He turned and went inside, fighting his way through the bustle of morning shift officers coming in, late shift officers going out, and those that held early morning appointments upstairs.  
He began heading towards the elevator when he stopped in midstride.  A young businessman stood between two of the doors, leaning up against the wall and fiddling with the netwatch on his wrist.  The man looked up just as he approached, and gave him a wide smile.  Matthew Davison blended in so perfectly with the other civilians in the foyer that no one else had even bothered notice him.  
“What the hell are you doing here?” he said.  He glanced at the fine cut of his suit and the professional slick-back-in-ponytail look of his hair.  “Look at you in that get-up.  You could pass for a KJS programmer, Matt.”
“Very droll, Poe,” he said in his recognizable gravelly voice.  “Do you have time and a private place to talk?”
Poe caught the anticipation in his voice and nodded.  They had an hour or so to kill, and had him signed in as a guest.  It didn’t occur to Poe until they were in the elevator that Matthew, ever the resourceful hacker, had given the lobby security a fake identification.
Caren was already in the office and talking with Denni via comm when they’d arrived.  Surprised and distracted by Matthew’s presence, she finished her call and continued staring at him.  It wasn’t often that the kid visited them here, and she’d never seen him looking this handsome in a tailored Jake Byrne suit.  “Goddess, Matthew,” she smiled.  “If you weren’t such a liability and so damn young, I’d say you look A-one sexy in that get-up.”
Matthew nodded graciously.  “Taftika, Ms. Johnson, but alas, I am not here to impress.  I merely wish to pass on some pertinent information regarding your case.”
“By all means,” Poe said, amused by the charm he was so obviously pouring on.  It was so like him to put on an act when the situation was serious.  “Have a seat, kid.  What do you have for us?”
Matthew took Poe’s desk chair.  He placed both hands upon the desk and began rigidly tapping his thumbs together in slow, measured beats.  “I should say this is more a ‘heads-up’ than a lead,” he said evenly.  “Your case, as I’m sure you’ve guessed, is being watched over like Tigua Space Station watching the Tower.  Governor Rieflin has a keen interest in it as well.”
Poe frowned at him.  “It would only make sense, considering.”
Matthew waved a finger in the air.  “Yes, and I would have thought that as well…but I believe there’s something more.  I’m not completely sure what it is yet, and to tell the truth, Governor Rieflin’s not sure either.”
Poe bit his lip and glanced at Caren.  She looked back at him with a cocked eyebrow, her patience slowly fading.  He grabbed another chair and sat down next to her.  “So what are you saying?”
“He’s not entirely convinced the Tower was the main target, and that’s worrying.”
“Of course it wasn’t,” he frowned.  “Rieflin might be a pushover of a governor, but he’s not stupid.”
 “Yes, but now he’s obsessed with finding the Shenaihu behind the hrrah-sehdhyn.”
He paused before answering.  That could certainly cause more problems for the ARU down the line.  “Hmm.  I see your point.  He’s not planning to do something rash, is he?”
Matthew waved a hand at them.  “Let me reword that.  I think he’s beginning to figure out who is behind them is what I meant to say.  He has no proof, but his heart is in the right place.  His main concern, or should I say his main annoyance, is commerce.  He’s getting hit from all sides by the corporations in town, and they won’t let go until they have answers.
“So I did a little homework and came up with something interesting: EdenTree, our ubiquitous technological monster, has been the most vocal in its monetary concern, but it has been the least affected, both monetarily and physically, by the ritual or by yesterday’s attacks.  EdenTree is so much an anchor in the Crimson-Null Foundation that if the Earth were to disappear tomorrow, they would be, if you’ll pardon the pun, the sole survivors.  Economically and physically.”
“So what does this have to do with Rieflin?” Caren asked.
Matthew smirked at her.  “Think about it, Miss Johnson.  If you were that vocal about something that trivial…”
“Theatrics,” she answered.
“Precisely.  And I think there’s a chance the governor knows that, or will be coming to that conclusion very soon.  And while we’re at it, he’s already taken the next step — he’s contacted Shirai, the AI for the Mirades Tower, and there’s a very good chance he’s going to try to take down the Shenaihu himself.”
“How do you know this?” Poe asked.
Matthew looked at him with the smile of a child showing off all his toys to the delight and jealousy of his peers.  “Simple.  Shirai and I have been in frequent contact.”
Poe frowned at him, startled by his revelation.  It was so off the cuff that it derailed his thoughts completely.  And yet, it made a perverted kind of sense.  “Wait.  How is that possible?  Shirai’s been around for at least two decades, and she’s been trying to catch you ever since you restarted Vigil ten years ago.”
 “And who do you think has been helping me all this time?  I wouldn’t have been able to do half of what I do without her, you know.  But what’s more important here, Poe, is that Rieflin is planning on ending the Shenaihu threat his own way.  Which is all well and good, but…”
Caren leaned forward, as if anticipating the answer.  “…but?”
“…but, truth be told, I don’t think that’s a good idea at all.”
“Why not?” Poe asked.  Caren worked her jaw to answer him, but stopped herself at the last second and let Matthew talk instead.
“First of all, Poe, think of the spiritual end of it.  Yin and yang.  Everything has a corresponding balance.  One magnet does nothing until you attract it or repel it using the polarities of another magnet.  Take away one and the other ceases to have any valid raison d’etre at all.”  Matthew crossed his arms, leaned back in the chair and stared at him, waiting for a response.  
Poe glanced at Caren and got nothing except for a quick darting of her eyes at him.  She was expecting him to answer to this conversation that had suddenly made a discomforting turn.  He started softly, talking more to himself than to Matthew or Caren.  “Without the Shenaihu, the Mendaihu are incomplete…and we are all left in space…”  He stopped quickly, shaking his hand in the air.  There was a remembrance poem out there, a famous one that he couldn’t quite recall at the moment, and it was about this very situation.  “No, wait a minute.  That’s not quite it, is it?  Why can’t I see this…?”
Matthew leaned forward and gripped Poe’s arm.  Dark brown narrowed eyes pierced into his through those black-rimmed glasses, unblinking and steady.  “You’re close, Poe,” he said, just above a whisper.  “Think of the Waterfront.  Why are all the Mendaihu joining forces there?  Surely it’s not a mass divination or ritual service, is it?  Can’t be.  Put the pieces together, Poe.  You’ve got them all in front of you.”
Poe shuddered and spoke in the confines of the space between them.  “A shimshiya?  No…we already ruled that out.  It’s not an old bitter rivalry.  It’s bigger than that.  And this is more than just another Embodiment, isn’t it?”
Incredulously, Matthew smiled and suddenly released his arm.  He moved away, chuckling to himself.  “There’s that ‘Embodiment’ talk again,” he said, taking his seat.  “I’ve been hearing that everywhere since the awakening ritual.  Trust me, Poe.  It may or may not be more violent than the season of the Eight, but it’s certainly more intense.  Ask your Mendaihu contacts when you meet them, Poe.  I think your meeting is in twenty minutes.”  He concluded by clasping his hands on the desk again, tapping his thumbs.  This time there was a wide grin on his face.
Caren growled at him.  “How the hell did you know…?”
Another chuckle escaped him.  “Well now, we wouldn’t be called Vigil if we weren’t paying attention, would we?” 








CHAPTER SIXTEEN
Moulding Warehouse, Waterfront District

Nehalé Usarai stood on the roof of Moulding Warehouse, looking at the sky over the Mirades Tower.  He saw the world with the veil lifted, watching the sea of souls converge with the skyscrapers and BMPD helicopters.  There was a strange peacefulness in watching the two realities intermingle like that, the physical and technological with the spiritual.  They were never quite aware of one another on a conscious level, yet each moved in symbiotic fashion, one held aloft by the other.
He watched and listened for what seemed like hours.  The Sprawl's music — the steady, ominous rush of human spirit waves crashing against the shores of the land — echoed through his own soul; the sound of unguarded tension and unaccepted fear rattled through the city, engulfing everyone and everything.  His psychic blast and the hrrah-sehdhyn response had awakened many in the past few days, though still an insignificant number compared to the full body of Shenaihu now amassing in the area.  He would need more, thousands more, if his instincts were correct.
This thought disturbed his meditative state, and he was pulled back into the noisy reality of Bridgetown and the Waterfront District.  Cars trudged westward down McCleever Street towards the I-91 freeway a few miles distant, escaping Sculler's Crossing and all the shoreline shops and office parks.  Those who actually lived in this sector relied on public transit instead.  This made the area a little quieter and less congested than usual, and that was one of the reasons he’d chosen this warehouse as a base of operations.
The other was the vibe.  The people of West McCleever and the Waterfront were the most spiritual and the least violent in all the Bridgetown districts, despite their history.  He knew a great many of them through his charity work, and others through their spirit signature.  They talked, word got around, and he was a familiar and welcome face.  He loved being a part of this community, helping it spiritually any way he could.  Their strong personal faith and sense of extended family amazed him every day, from the shelters to the education centers.  Their lives were strengthened by their fierce pride in refusing to give up.  These were the souls whose song he'd heard so strongly these past few hours, crying out almost immediately after Nehalé had escaped St. Patrick's Church.  His departure had been aimless other than finding shelter, but they had called him here, hearts open wide, letting him heal.
Nehalé, the voice said, coming from somewhere behind him.
He turned to see Anando Shalei, the young university student from the eastern end of the McCleever District, standing behind him, close to the roof access door.  He was someone who had grown up in one of the hardest neighborhoods of Bridgetown and emerged an intelligent Meraladian adult.  His appearance hid his intellect and made him look at least five years younger than he actually was, with ill-fitting jacker clothes and short, unkempt faded-blonde hair.  He must be in his mid-twenties now, and the fashion actually looked a bit silly on him, but he must have had a reason for it.  He wasn’t about to judge.
“Somfei, Nehalé,” Anando smiled.  “It's been a while.”
“Anando, my friend,” he replied, cutting the distance between them.  He opened his arms and embraced him, brother in Light that he was.  “It's wonderful to see you.  What brings you here?  Better question, how did you find me?”
Anando laughed, scratching the back of his neck in self-conscious amusement.  “Your essence was the first one I ever memorized, sehnadha.  It wasn't particularly hard, once I got into the neighborhood.  Just a matter of sneaking into the warehouse unnoticed.”
“You've got better things to do in your life than breaking and entering,” he laughed.
“I certainly do,” Anando said soberly.  “I've been listening, Nehalé.  To the souls, awakened and otherwise.  Everyone's feeling a little tense, ever since the Awakening.  Your followers wish for guidance.”
Nehalé's smile faded slowly as he contemplated that.  Followers.  He had merely opened their eyes, but they were looking upon him as a leader already.  Warrior of the One he may be, or even Prophet, but this was far beyond his capabilities, let alone his wishes.  He was awakening them, opening their eyes!  They needed teachers, but the Mendaihu sehndayen-ne of this city could not handle this many people in a short amount of time.  Unless the One of All Sacred awakened...he shivered at that thought.  To assume such a task of the One was nothing short of blasphemous!  No, he would have to find the teachers of this city.  Briefly, he felt the guilt of releasing them into the Gharné world without showing them the way...but there was little he could do now.  So many balances to maintain. “They are not my followers, any more than I am their leader, Anando.  They need to understand that.  I may give them opportunities, but they are rulers of their own fate.”
“True,” the young man said, though not fully convinced.  “But that just creates chaos.  We must find The One of All Sacred in order to reset the balance between the Mendaihu and the Shenaihu.”
 “Then I am at a loss.  I did what I could to maintain the balance of power, Anando.  But the Shenaihu are responding in a much more dangerous fashion than I’d feared.”
Anando crossed his arms at him.  “Do not confess to me, sehnadha.  But if we end up with another season of war, you have every right to be worried.”  He reached a hand out to him and laid it on his shoulder, grasping it.  “Such is fate, my dear friend, but we have faith.  I am sure the One is alive and well...”
Nehalé whirled at him, eyes wide.  “The One has not fully awakened, Anando!  Don't you see?  Just as the Elders taught us: Without the One of All Sacred there is no balance, and all is mere chaos.  No one knows where the One is or how she is to be awakened!”  He turned away and returned to the roof's edge, frustrated.  “Anando, I beg you to understand why I must continue to awaken these souls.  Do you?”
The silence between them lasted long enough for Nehalé to calm down, his eyes fixed on the intersection down below.  The surge of cars had abated somewhat, the nervous energy of drivers dissipating into the air, adding to his relief.
I do understand, Nehalé, Anando said from within.  And I believe I do know where she is.
Nehalé turned and stared at him.  “What?”
“I’m not exactly sure of the location,” he said quickly, fumbling his words.  He was caught between wanting to explain everything and reveal nothing.  “I’ve met her sister,” he said quietly.  “I’ve known her from elsewhere.  Her name is Karinna, and she’s…she used to be someone I knew, a long time ago.  Maybe in a previous time, I think.  She’s a Protector…an extremely strong one, at that.  She has the Shalei spirit within her...as does the One.”
His shoulders dropped in shock.  Why hadn’t Anando told him earlier?  “You...you talked to the One?”
Anando waved his hands quickly.  “No.  I talked with Karinna.  She remembers me.  She remembers me as well, though neither of us quite know the exact time right now.”
He frowned at him.  “She’s a Trisandi soul, then?”
Anando nodded.  “If she can Lightwalk as easily as she did in her lumisha dea, she must be.  I…I looked her up the other day as well, and she’s also an ARU officer.  A Mendaihu Gharra, Nehalé!  A World Protector!  Do you know what this means?”
He certainly did know, and it shook him to his core.  It meant that the One of All Sacred was a Trisandi soul.  A pure soul from the homeworld, neither a Mannaki nor a Meraladian.  Of all the Embodiments of the One on this planet...none had ever been Trisandi.
This was something even Nehalé hadn’t foreseen.
“Do you know her name?  The name of the One?”
Denysia, Anando said, inner voice quieter than a whisper.  Denysia Shalei si Emmadha si Dhumélis.  Pure Trisandi spirit through three clan ascensions, Nehalé.
“Goddess...” Nehalé whispered, awed by the reality and the miracle of it all.
Neither spoke again for quite some time.  They stood side by side, leaning over the railing and watching the traffic below.  Still stunned by Anando’s news, Nehalé could not hold a thought, except that he knew...tomorrow, or in the next few days, he would meet her for the first time.  The One of All Sacred!
Nehalé turned to say something, but Anando had already stepped away, the access door still ajar.  The kid was already downstairs making plans for the deserted warehouse for him, taking mental notes and measurements for the near future.  He smiled, an unexpected reaction to the situation and the choices he now had to make.  Perhaps he was a Prophet after all...the thought of it humored him, to expect an unassuming Meraladian charity worker to be the one to open up Gharné eyes to a Universal Truth.
Anando, he said within himself, unsure if the kid still heard him.  Send the sisters here, to the warehouse, if you can.

*

“Surely you’ll let them in, Nehalé,” Anando said.  “The main floor is certainly large enough to hold them.  Rain should be coming by this afternoon.”
Nehalé stood in the supervisor’s office overlooking the floor, arms crossed and grumbling.  The crowds outside had amassed to nearly five thousand people, and more were going to come before day’s end.  They were flocking to him for answers he did not have.  He had expected their presence, even before the Awakening, when it had all been just a long-planned idea.  But now that this moment was here, he unsuccessfully wished it away.  He was a soulsenser and a soulhealer, not a savior or a prophet.  Those were not his roles as a Mendaihu.  He was not their leader or their teacher.
“I know I should,” he responded.  “Though I’m still unsure if the floor can handle such a number.”
“Five thousand?” Anando laughed.  “Trust me, this place is solid enough.”
Anando was blissfully optimistic for such a young Mendaihu, a fact Nehalé kept in mind when talking to him.  It was a trait that had gotten Nehalé himself in trouble more than enough times when he was that age, when he’d confused optimism with plain ignorance.  Anando, however, had traded ignorance with intelligence long ago on the hard streets of McCleever Sector, when he gave up the street life and followed his Mendaihu fate.  His awakening four years ago had a profound effect on the both of them; Nehalé had found him alone, shivering in a forgotten alleyway not too far from this warehouse, completely lost physically and spiritually.  He’d taken the kid in and taught him all he could, and before long, he’d come to see Anando as a younger brother, one he could be proud of.  During the course of the next few years he saw the kid enroll at Bridgetown University and excel; he was now making plans to join the Mendaihu Division of the ARU.  That was still down the road, but for now he was happy enough just to help Nehalé care for those less fortunate that dwelled in the Waterfront and McCleever Districts.  He’d considered it an apprenticeship that was well worth it.  They’d worked together ever since, up until about five months ago, when Anando had chosen to take a soulsearching break.  He’d vanished from the city soon after, but he’d left a note with Nehalé, explaining that he’d return when the time was right.
To see him today was very much a mixed blessing.  He was excited to see his good friend again, and he appreciated the help offered that he would no doubt need, but at the same time he couldn’t help but worry about Anando’s eternal optimism.  There were just too many uncertainties at this time, and he could not afford ignorance, especially at this point in time.
“Very well,” he said and theatrically waved his hands in the air.  He flashed him a quick smile and nodded.  “Let them in.”
Anando stood there for a moment, looking at him.  “Edha Usarai,” he said.  “What’s really bothering you?  If you think you’re playing the reluctant hero here, I’m afraid to inform you that there are more key players here than can fit on the marquee.”  Nehalé frowned at him, not quite comprehending.  “You’re just a part of a larger play,” Anando continued.  “You may think you have an important role, but it’s actually just a bit part.”
Nehalé caught the Shakespearean reference but asked him to elaborate.
Anando smirked.  “You’ve awakened the One of All Sacred, my dear friend.  You were the Mendaihu that let the Spirit of the One stir out of its womb.  Your part is done here.  You’ve completed your quest.  What I’m saying is that these people outside need you.  They’re not looking for another deity to follow.  They’re not looking for a…a priest or even a religious man at all.  They’re looking for a sehndayen-ne.  Someone who knows what the One of All Sacred means to them.  They’re here because you know what the One can do, what she can bring to everyone here.”
He nodded, unnerved by how right the kid was.  He knew this obstinate fear was little more than fear itself, his unwillingness to be in charge of such a large following.  He understood that this fear was also little more than the lack of faith he had in himself, even when his faith in this Awakening reached far past it.  He also understood that from this point on, the aftereffects of the awakening ritual were out of his hands.  Anando was right, he was indeed just another player in this performance now.  He let out a small laugh as he walked with Anando out of the office and headed towards the loading bay doors.
“What about the Mendaihu agents?” Anando asked as they descended the steps.  “Surely they must know we’re here by now.”
Nehalé shrugged.  “No doubt…they’ve already posted a security line a few blocks away, but they haven’t made any moves.  I wouldn’t worry too much; in fact, I expect a few of them to pay us a visit very soon.”  He thought, then added, “That is, if they’ve been told the whole story.  Not everyone would be as understanding.”
“No…I suppose not,” Anando shrugged.  “What do you expect of them?  The agents, I mean.  Surely they know this far from being an open-shut case.”
“Oh, of course,” he said.  His voice echoed in the vast emptiness of the warehouse.  All Nehalé had to do was open up the dock doors and everyone would file in.  All his prospective students, all at once.  “I’d do the same.  But these two are different, aren’t they, Anando?  The sister of the One…she’s important to this, somehow.  She’s important to you, isn’t she?”
Anando blushed, finally revealing the truth.  “She…her spirit, sehnadha.  It’s her Shalei spirit.  I remember it from Trisanda.  From when I was there, lifetimes ago.”
Nehalé smiled as they approached the docks.  “Yes, you hinted as much earlier.  I suppose it was a bit of coincidence, then, that you were spying on her that night?”
“Spying?” he laughed nervously.  “No, I was visiting.  I was doing you a favor by finding out who had embodied the One.  Once I recognized her spirit signature, it led me right to her.  It was only by coincidence that I recognized Karinna Shalei.  I ended up visiting her rather than the One that night.”
Nehalé stopped quick.  “You made a spiritual connection with Karinna already?”
Anando waved his hand down to calm him.  “In the Light.  I didn’t drag her in there, mind you…she was already there, just floating around aimlessly.  I wasn’t sure if she was in her lumisha dea or what.  But I bet she didn’t even know where she was until I spoke with her.  I just opened her eyes a little bit.  Just enough for her to recognize a few things, but not enough to overwhelm her.”
“Anando…” Nehalé said, shaking his head.  They stopped at a bank of switches and knobs, bolted to the wall between a dock door and an emergency exit.  He studied their labels as his fingers moved past them.  He found the switches he wanted and placed his fingers near them.  “You know better than to invade other people’s privacy,” he continued.  There was a hint of mischief in his voice.
“Of course,” he answered, smiling.  “And I did no such thing.  She sensed me first and recognized me.”
“Ha!”  Nehalé pointed at him.  “The proof!  You two are definitely cho-shadhisi.”
Anando laughed at him.  “Now you’re just making fun of me.”
Nehalé nodded.  “Yes, that I am.”  He pushed the master controls of the dock doors, all of them slowly rising at once, letting in the morning air and thousands of people.  “But I’m also telling the truth.” 








CHAPTER SEVENTEEN
Elsewhere

Caren and Poe walked north on Ormand Street towards the diner soon after Matthew left.  These walks had become tradition for them and she looked forward them, as it got her out of the office, and often it signaled a break in a case.  She looked forward to this one in particular…if the two Mendaihu agents had been holding anything back – and she was certain they had – now was the time to get them to reveal it.  As much as it irritated her, at least now she understood why they would do so.  Their previous meeting at Headquarters had been fruitful and answered many questions, but they’d still held back.  It wasn’t until late last night, after she and Denni had come to terms with who they were, that she saw the reason for their reticence.  The Mendaihu agents had wanted everyone in that cramped room to read their spirit signatures before they made any final decisions.  They’d wanted to familiarize themselves with each person’s unique signature, know its strengths and its quirks, see how each person interacted with the other, and if they were up to this task.
She could only wonder what they’d made of her own haphazard soul.
“Poe?” she said.
He turned to her, hands thrust in his pockets.  “What’s up?”
“Odd question.”
He smirked.  “As opposed to…?”
She playfully nudged him with her elbow.  “I’m serious.  Did we ever find any evidence of Shenaihu action that prompted Nehalé’s ritual?  I mean, was there any reason for it in the first place, regardless of its intended motive?”
Poe slowed up his stride as he frowned into the air, and after a few more steps he came to a complete halt.  “Nothing on Matt’s data crystal about any Shenaihu uprising that I could find.  But the motive still makes sense.  Nehalé must be convinced there’s a Shenaihu offensive out there somewhere…and I’m not entirely convinced there isn’t one…but we’ve yet to find it.”
Caren pulled the collar of her uniform closer around her neck, as an unexpected breeze rushed past them.  Goddess, it was unseasonably cold this morning!  “Okay,” she said.  “What about incidents in other provinces?  Do you think Kai and Ashan would have heard anything about NewCanta or Metronewyork or even New Boston?”
Poe shrugged, pulling at his own collar.  “No harm in asking.”  He began walking again, and turned right onto Leonard Street.  The crosswind picked up, pushing the collar of his overcoat into his chin.  With a shrug of the shoulders, he readjusted it and held it close to his throat.  “I’ll add it to my ever-growing list of questions.”
“It’s damn cold for September, don’t you think?” she said.  “Weird weather.  So — what about EdenTree?”
Poe glanced at her.  “What about them?”
“Alec, if Matthew risked stepping onto government property to tell us about them, then EdenTree must have something on the Shenaihu.”
He smirked at that.  “They probably are the Shenaihu.”
“Not funny,” she bristled.
He slowed his step again.  They were already ten minutes late for the meeting.  If he kept on stopping to brainstorm, at this rate they’d end up completely missing it.  Caren nudged him on a second time.  “Come on, think on your feet,” she said, stepping ahead of him.  “We’re almost there.”
He nodded.  “What if…”
“Poe!”
He grinned stupidly at her and caught up.  “Sorry.  But now you have me thinking…I’m not saying they’re all Shenaihu, but what about the executives, or maybe even the CEOs?  Any chance of that being true?  I mean, Janoss Miradesi and Natianos Lehanna are both on their board, and both are known followers.”
“You’re flirting with slander here.”
He shrugged.  “Just conjecture.  But Matt’s right, though.  Why else would a company least affected by the awakening ritual make so much noise?”
Goddess, she thought, pulling at her collar again.  The implications of that alone…!  EdenTree was indeed the most ubiquitous company in the Western Terran Hemisphere, as well as a major player in the Crimson Null Foundation…they held connections to both human and Meraladian technologies dating back to the first Meraladian contact nearly three hundred years ago.  And every twenty to twenty-five years there was a disturbance in the balance of Mendaihu and Shenaihu, causing another Seasonal Embodiment of the One of All Sacred, who would set things straight.  Sometimes it only amounted to a quiet disagreement and a quick resolution…and sometimes it grew out of control, like the Eighth.  And each time EdenTree held a part in it, whether sponsoring the peace agreements or donating time and money to the cleanup afterwards, always looking heroic in the process.  She tried not to think of what Matthew may have meant about it being more intense this time around.
“Okay,” she said.  “I’ll play along.  Say they are the Shenaihu.  That still wouldn’t give Nehalé a clear motive.”
“Not completely,” he countered.  “Perhaps the Awakening was also his way of corralling EdenTree — and thus the Shenaihu — within the ritual’s perimeter while those outside took part in the Awakening Process?  Maybe they were affected, maybe they weren’t.  But they were definitely on Nehalé’s mind at the time.”
Caren growled as a fierce chill slid down her spine.  “I was afraid of that.”  Feeling both defeated and angry, she continued on towards the diner.  The blinking sign for Yoshi’s Diner buzzed and swayed in the wind a block away.  “Goddess, Poe,” she said, taking his arm.  “This has to be the longest four and a half block walk I’ve ever taken with you.”
He nodded graciously.

*

There she is, Poe thought.
Kai watched him with interest as he held open the door to let Caren enter first.  She smiled and waved, to the apparent consternation of Ashan.  He looked over his shoulder at them and nodded, but his face was dark and sullen.  They moved deeper into the booth, making room for them.  By habit Caren took the seat closest to the front, which was next to Ashan, leaving Poe offering Kai a nervous hello as he sat down.
“Sorry we’re late,” Caren said, eyeing Poe.  “It was a bit windy out there.”
He let Caren’s good-natured joke slide.  “Again, we appreciate that you’ve taken the time to see us,” he said.  “And we also appreciate the information you’ve given us so far.  But I have quite a few more questions to ask…more personal in nature, shall we say.  I’m hoping the two of you will be forthcoming.”
Caren caught the sarcasm in his voice and gave him a kick under the table.
He ignored her and continued.  “We’ve pretty much exhausted our end of the investigation of Nehalé Usarai.  We have everything — proof of his whereabouts, witnesses, motive…we even know he’s at Moulding Warehouse at this very moment.  But we need to know why he did it, Ashan.  Can you at least tell us that?”
Ashan stared at him, long and hard, and leaned over the table.  “What are you accusing us of, Agent Poe?” he asked.
Poe had no intention of physically confronting someone who could easily harm him with just a thought, and leaned back slightly, opening his hands at him.  “I do not accuse you of anything, although it may sound as such,” he said with equal calm.  “I’m merely asking about Nehalé’s motives.  We have thousands of Bridgetowners out there who were affected by the ritual, directly or indirectly, and the count is growing.  Caren and I of course have theories, but come on — throw us a bone here.”
“It’s…hard to explain,” Ashan said.
Poe raised an eyebrow at him.  “Don’t coddle us, edha Shalei.  It’s doing more harm than good, and it’s only serving to piss us off.”
The toe of Caren’s boot hit him squarely in the shin again.  A short gasp of pain escaped his throat as she growled his name in shock.  She grabbed at his hands.  “What the hell are you doing?” she hissed.
“Getting answers,” he responded, and turned to the Mendaihu again.  “Look, Ashan.  I don’t know what else we need to do here.  Indoctrinate us, take us Lightwalking, give us divine inspiration, whatever the hell you need to do.  We might be ARU and we might have latent Mendaihu traits, but we need to understand what the hell is going on if we’re going to keep any of it under control.”
“We have,” Kai said timidly.  “But I agree…it hasn’t been enough.”
“Akaina…” Ashan began, his voice just above a whisper.
“No, you said it yourself,” she said.  “They deserve the truth.”
They gave each other a long blank stare and Poe could only guess that they were conversing in their heads at that point, which gave him time to calm down.  Suddenly aware his fingers were now clutching the edge of the table, he let go and leaned back into his seat.  He looked apologetically at Caren, but she refused to acknowledge him.  He had a nagging urge to light up another cigarette, but fought it off.  Instead he took out a pen from his inner coat pocket and began tapping the end of it into his palm in a slow even beat.  Anything to take off the edge.
Eventually the two Mendaihu broke their silence.  Ashan took a very slow breath and turned back to him.  “Sa’im nyhnd’aladh, Agent Poe,” he said as evenly as he could.  “I had the wrong impression of what you are trying to ask.”
Poe accepted his apology as an honest one.  “I understand, Agent Shalei,” he said.
“This truth about the case is a hard one to bear,” Ashan continued.  “We were concerned about your ability to grasp it.”
Grasp the truth? Poe thought, anger rising again like a rush of adrenaline surging up his spine.  Does he think we’re idiots?  “Ashan,” he said flatly.  “If I can handle being inside the Light, certainly I can handle —”
“You are not yet aware of the changes,” he snarled.  “Emha Caren here may be to some extent, but you are not.”
Poe slammed his fist on the table, startling everyone.  “For Goddess’s sake, Ashan!  Just come out and say what you need to tell us.  I’m about done with your damned enlightenment bullshit, okay?”
Ashan did not speak.  Instead he studied Poe at a distance, breathing slowly but audibly.  Poe met the stare and refused to turn away.  He hated being pitied like this, especially by a Mendaihu!  He felt like grabbing the man by the collar and throwing him across the room…though what good would that do?  He exhaled, frustrated with himself again.  He’d let his emotions get the best of him once more today, damn it all!  Time to calm down before it got out of hand.  He quelled his anger by matching that of Ashan’s, until he finally looked away and let out a forced breath.
We have all been Awakened, Kai said from within.  You have as well.
Poe shivered, the sound of her gentle voice carrying through his spirit.  She had spoken within him, like she had done up at the Crest.  He turned to face her.  “What did you say?”
She laid a soothing hand on his forearm.  You have Awakened, Alec.  Though you do not yet understand.
“But —”
Shhh.  Don’t be afraid.  We trust each other.  Have faith.
He did not feel the gentle, spiritual tug that Kai had given him at the Crest.  Instead he felt his conscience sliding, his senses falling away then gathering together again, stronger and more refined.  He wanted to speak and got as far as inhaling before he felt a twitch of his eyebrow and then a sickening lurch as his eyes rolled and his head fell forward. 
Come, Kai said.
Then all was Light.

*

Alec!  Caren stared in shock at the limp form of her partner.  His head hung low and off to his left, his jaw slightly open and his eyes twitching.  Alec!  Oh Goddess, Alec!
He’d gone Lightwalking again, but this couldn’t have been the same as last time.  Lightwalkers disappear, they don’t go all catatonic.  Kai had pulled him in again, before he could refuse.  Shock was replaced by anger, her hands balling into fists and nails digging into her palms.  Poe was right…they’d been deliberately left out of the most important part of this investigation.  They neglected to confirm that she and her sister had been affected by the Awakening.  They held back information that could have kept Sheila and Nick from danger at the church.  And now Poe was off in some elsewhere, against his own power.  If she was next in line, she would not go quietly.
Calm yourself, Ashan said from within.
Caren whirled at him, grabbed his collar.  “What the hell did she just do to him, Ashan?” she growled.  She added more pressure and pushed him up against the wall.  She’d push him out the fucking window if it came to it.
“I said calm yourself!” he said, grabbing at her arm and pushing her back.  
What the —
Instantly she felt a lurch.  For a second she was off balance, a wave of vertigo shaking her insides and spinning her head.  She squeezed her eyes shut and cursed.  She pushed hard off him and slid back into her seat.  The black anger was still there, but it had receded far into the background, just out of reach, leaving her with little emotion to show save a deep yet pointless irritation.  Oh, damn it!  Damn it all, he’d just crossed a personal line and she was powerless to fight it now.  She opened her eyes again and glared at him.
“Don’t you ever soulheal me again without my permission, Ashyntoya Shalei,” she growled.
He did not offer an apology.  She did not expect one, however, for he only looked at her with what had to be pity, which only irritated her more.  It was a short look however, and he quickly turned to watch his sister across the table.  Kai still had her hand on Poe’s limp arm, and she had leaned forward to touch her forehead against his temple.  She breathed slowly and evenly, her eyes shut tight.  Her other arm had gone behind his back; she had begun to pull him close to cradle him in her arms.
A strange wave of contentment washed over her, a reaction she knew she shouldn’t have had, so soon after her anger had receded.  Yet for an instant, she understood: Kai had taken him, such as an angel might take the departed soul to a higher spiritual plane, into the Light for his own protection and ultimately all of theirs as well.
“He…” she started.  Kai was right, he had been Awakened.  And for some time now, though completely unaware of it, or refusing to believe it.  His Spiritual Self had been brought forth from the human chains that had bound it for so long.  His anger…his distance from her…his flashes of conflicting emotions…his —
Oh Goddess.  She caught her breath, staring at him.  Cho-nyhndah.  After all these years, only now had she realized.  How could she have not seen his dual spirit?  How often had she mistaken his inner turmoil for a cantankerous personality?  His anger had always been exacting, never misplaced, and his compassion was complete but always earned.  He was, despite his outer shell, the most spiritually balanced person she’d ever known.
“He…” she started again.
It all makes so much sense!
“I…” she said, and wilted back into her seat.  “Oh, Goddess…I had no idea, Ashyntoya…I really had no idea.”  She felt her face burning at her partner being held so close, so lovingly, by Akaina.  Her love radiated so strongly and purely that she could not help but be pulled in by it herself.  It was so rare that she ever felt this happy for someone.  She blinked and felt her own tears falling down her cheeks.  Oh, how Alec so deserved this!
You are so close to him, Karinna, Ashan spoke within.  You look past his Inner Self, past his dual spirit.  That is why you did not see it at first.  You care so deeply for him that the bond between you surpasses the ageless animosity between the Shenaihu and Mendaihu that exists to this day.  You are his saving grace, Karinna.
“Oh, Alec…”  She reached out a hand and touched his, curling her fingers around his and squeezing.  “What —”  Her voice faltered; she coughed and started again.  “What’s happening to him?”
He’s past the pain now.
“You can speak freely,” she said.  “I’d rather we did.”
Ashan complied.  “Kai has taken him back in again.  He’s on a delicate edge, one that becomes more obscure as the days go on.  She is showing him his true Inner Self.”  He looked across the table at the two of them, and his features softened at the sight.  He was proud of his sister for being bold enough to take him there, to that otherness, to heal his spirit.  The corners of his mouth eventually turned up in a quick smile as he turned back to Caren.
“She cares for him,” he said.
“I sense that,” she said with a grin.  She wiped the remaining tears from her eyes and turned back to him.  “So where is Nehalé Usarai, anyway?”
“Moulding Warehouse in the Waterfront District, as you surmised,” he said, and bowed his head.  “We can head over there once we’re done here.”
She nodded, and squeezed Poe’s hand again.  “Thank you,” she said.
Ashan tilted his head at her.  “For what?”
“For protecting us.  I understand now.  As much…” she let out another shaky breath.  “As much as I hate to admit it, I see we’re a part of this, more than just agents working a case.  We’re a part of the Awakening, and whatever comes next.  I haven’t quite figured out how or why, but I’ve sensed it for a while now, and I think Poe has too.  It just took us awhile to come to terms with it.  You two did double duty by making sure we weren’t lost in the process.”
Ashan smiled warmly.  “It’s our Mendaihu nature, you know that.  You’d do the same for your sister.”
She thought about that and laughed quietly.  “Yes, I suppose I would.”

*

I am Awakened.
I am…?
I can feel you, Akaina.  Where am I?
…he felt the warm breeze of the otherness against his skin.  He opened his eyes and took a deep breath, savoring the clear air.  He was sitting on an outcropping of rock at the Crest, the same area he’d come to so many times in the past.  Clouds the color of soiled cotton filled the sky, a haze of distant rain showers picking up off to the west, just past the outpost mountain ranges.  From this view he could see the storm making its way towards the center of the city, its arrival imminent.  Over the ocean the sky remained clear, the light of the morning sun still dancing off the rippling waves near the Waterfront.
Despite the imbalance, it was quite peaceful here.
I am right beside you, Alec.
Kai was standing next to him, dressed as she had been before in a black overcoat covering her Mendaihu uniform.  Her hair was tied back low, the tail resting over her right shoulder.  She was smiling at him, just watching him.
We’re past the first of the walls, he said.
Yes, she answered, taking a seat on a rock to his left and laying a hand on his shoulder as she did so.  She gazed out over the city, saying little but observing everything.  Within this Lightpath she was the pure Mendaihu, ever the vigilant spirit.
He looked out as well.  Focusing was easier this time, knowing what he was looking at and how to process it.  His gaze landed on one of the larger warehouses to his left, deep in the warehouse district of West McCleever.  It was surrounded by a softly glowing aura, as if it were itself alive with spirit.  There were indeed thousands of believers and followers there now, all awakened and ready to act.  He blinked again, turning back to Kai.  How did I get here?
I brought you here.  More to the point, I directed your soul here.  You arrived here of your own volition.  Physically you’re still down on Leonard Street at the diner.  Karinna and Ashyntoya are watching over us.
He visualized a quick image of Ashan and Caren talking, and of his own body slumped halfway over the table in an inebriated stupor, with Kai cradling him in her arms.  His right arm stretched out over the table, and Caren’s fingers were interlocked with his.  He tried to focus on this, but found it hard to concentrate.  He shivered and found himself back on the Crest again.
Kai had slipped her hand in his, and squeezed it tight as he returned.  You’re a unique spirit, Alec Poe, she said, though not facing him this time.  I believe you have great potential as a Guardian.
Guardian…  He paused as the title came into his memory…of the One of All Sacred, you mean.
Yes.
Why a Guardian?  Because I’ve awakened?  Surely more than that.
She laughed.  You’re a rare and curious mix, Alec.  You have both Mendaihu and Shenaihu energies flowing within you.  A ‘cho-nyhndah.’  A twin-spirit.
Mendaihu and Shenaihu…?  He attempted to wrap his brain around that idea and failed.  He’d known he had something within, but he always figured it was one or the other.  He’d never known or sought out the lineage of his birth parents, and he knew he must have had some Meraladian blood flowing in his veins…but cho-nyhndah?  They were indeed rare, one of the rarest forms of spirit on this planet.  He couldn’t believe it…but it made sense.  Right now it felt as though he’d been looking at everything backwards and, for the first time in his life, had turned around to face his own truths that he’d been avoiding.
How is that possible?
She squeezed his hand again.  It is certainly possible to have full control over both spirits.  It comes through heritage.  Your parents or your grandparents were Shenaihu and Mendaihu and were able to contain the delicate balance.  That is why it is so rare…that mix is so potent and unstable, that one energy overpowers the other, and the offspring’s spirit chooses on its own, usually subconsciously.  There are those however, like yourself, whose subtler spiritual energies were either dormant or subdued.  Upon Awakening, every person, regardless of their upbringing or faith, is faced with a decision: to choose the Shenaihu path, the Mendaihu path…or perhaps both.  Almost no one consciously chooses, though, for it is a constant struggle to have both.  One side is always at odds with the other.  That is all I can say for now; the rest is up to you to remember.  Tell me, Alec — where do you think she is?
The change of subject was unexpected.  Who?
The One of All Sacred.
He waved a hand in the air and stopped her.  Wait a minute.  What do you mean by ‘the rest is up to me to remember’?  Don’t you mean ‘learn?’
Kai clasped her other hand around his and brought it up to her face, letting the back of his hand caress her cheek, her hair, her lips.
Dehndarra Né hra nyhndah, Alec.  To know your own True Spirit is to be One with the Sacred.  Everyone has had these memories, these ancient coded messages imprinted in our DNA and our spirits, ever since our mutual ancestors came to this world.  They are buried so deep some are never found.  That is why I say you must remember, Alec.  You must recapture these memories.
Now, if you could answer my question…where do you think the One of All Sacred is?
Where would she be…?
Wait — she?  The One is female in this Coming?
Kai kissed the back of his hand, then held it to her chest.  Yes.
His jaw rested half open as he tried to say something, anything to answer her. The Ninth Coming of the One of All Sacred had been a long-awaited event with the Meraladians, though the Coming was more of an embodiment than a reincarnation.  The pure spirit of the One chose the next embodiment itself, cocooning inside its host until it had been awakened by either by its own volition or by spiritual force.  Given the last few days, certainly it must be awake by now.
I don’t know where she is, he said.
Kai seemed to pick up on his hesitation.  Her grasp of his hand tightened briefly as she looked at him.  Do you not trust me, Alec?
Of course I do, he said, and he knew it to be true, without question.  He wouldn’t have been able to say otherwise, not here in the elsewhere.  But I don’t know where to go from here, where to look.
You will soon, she said distantly.  Just remember what I’ve shown you here, Alec.  Please understand that in my physical and spiritual lives I would never harm you.  I would find that task utterly impossible.  She face had reddened, but her expression had remained solid.  She stood, still holding his left hand, and pulled him up.  They looked over the expanse of Bridgetown together, each building, each person, each spirit in such sharp detail he found it impossible not to stop and study each one…
…and saw one Light, one spirit, brighter and sharper than all the others.  It seared through the Sprawl before him, a pinprick of intensely bright light burning a hole through the canvas of reality and amplifying its beauty in the process.  The Light was fueled by everything and everyone surrounding it — people, animals, plants, anything with some amount of life force lent its energy to this one Light.  Through miles of buildings and other dotted speckles of spirit light, this one spirit shone with such luminosity it brightened those around it, as if returning its borrowed energy threefold.
He knew exactly where she was, and who she was.
Goddess…he whispered.
She is, Kai answered.
The One of All Sacred, he finished, his own spirit shivering with an overwhelming clarity.  Here in Bridgetown.
Yes, Kai whispered.  Now you understand.  She must be protected, Alec.  And you are the only one who can do it.
Why me?  He had asked out of curiosity and not of fear, for his own spirit had already answered with its own explanation.  If destiny had given him this one task, he accepted it graciously and without question.
Because she knows you, Alec, she said.  Because she trusts both you and Karinna above all else.  You know who she is.
His hand twitched inside hers, a gesture she may or may not have interpreted as a response to her soothing touch.  His vision had been cleared, and he had realized his true calling as Protector of the One.  He had recognized Her Spirit, and She had recognized his.  Instantly he recognized the spirit pattern as that of a young girl who had just awakened amidst much confusion, yet understood completely why she had awakened and what it meant.   As he stared at the Light of the One, a shudder raced down his back and he caught his breath. 
Denysia, he thought, his heart skipping a beat.  Oh, Goddess…it’s her!
…and all was Light.

*

Poe grunted and lifted his head groggily and looked across the table at Caren.  Startled by his sudden movement, she locked eyes with him to make sure he had really regained consciousness.  He blinked several times and slowly pushed himself up, aided by Kai.  He exhaled deeply, and somehow managed to curl his mouth into a tired smile.  He looked as if he’d just woken up from a long, refreshing nap.  He looked at her again and nodded.
You’re still here, she heard him say from within.  I’m sorry for putting you through this, Karinna.
“Alec?” she croaked, wiping away new tears that had started down her cheeks.  How did he learn to speak like that?  “What happened?”
“I’m awake,” he said, and took another long, deliberate breath.  His voice was quiet but level.  “I just needed to step back and take a better look.”  He reached forward and took her hand.  This was a touch of deep understanding and close friendship, a touch that she would have felt from soulhealers and other Mendaihu…but not from Poe.  She didn’t let go, however.  She now understood that he had Shenaihu spirit flowing within him, and it was not a reason to shy away.  She had known him for too long not to abandon him like that.  It was the tender closeness they shared that she had not been aware of until just now.
“We have a mission, Caren,” he said softly.  “We have to keep an eye on Denni…”
…because she is the One, Karinna.
Her heart skipped a beat and her stomach hit the floor.  “Wh…what?”
She is the One of All Sacred.
“She’s…”  Caren let out a breath, trying to speak but no more words coming.  Again she tried, and still could not.  She even tried to speak within, but found no words, at least no real, concrete words that she could wrap around the immensity of it all.  Denni!  Denysia.  Her little sister…her sister in spirit and in flesh.  How could such a young woman, still unsure of the world and of her newfound Mendaihu traits, become a Savior for Meraladians and the human race?  How could it even be possible?  Yet inside, deep within her own spirit, she knew this to be true.  She knew, from the intense bond they shared, from the energies that flowed between them, even now, when the two of them were nearly at opposite ends of the Sprawl.  She could sense Denni right now, sitting in a classroom at school, not quite aware of changes that were taking place within her own spirit, yet barely aware that she was being watched over by Caren, and now Poe as well.  She felt both relief and gratification that the connection between them was unbreakable.
It was a connection, however, that could possibly be traced by other Soulsensers.
“This is the real reason why you were holding back,” Poe said to Ashan.  “It had nothing to do with trusting us.”
“It was for safety more than anything else,” Ashan said.  “But now that the both of you are fully aware of the situation, I am afraid others will find out quickly enough.  The same people who sensed edha Usarai during the Awakening Ritual can sense the two of you.  Even more so, they can sense Denni right now, because of her own Awakening.  Hers is continuing as we speak, so we must act fast.”
Oh Goddess…  “We’ve got to…” she trailed off, shuddering.
“Caren,” Kai said quietly.  “Just say the word.”
“I…”  Oh Goddess…Denysia!  Denni!  
She pushed herself out of the booth, ran past the startled off duty ARU officers at the counter, and dashed out the front doors and back towards Headquarters before she realized she had left the others behind in mid-conversation.  She had to get to her sister…how could she have been so blazingly stupid to leave her alone at a time like this?  Anyone could sense her now, even the nuhm’ndah…and she would not let them touch her.  She would not let them harm her.  If she could Lightwalk and fly to her sister’s side, she would at this very second, but she couldn’t, and cursed herself again for leaving her alone.  Behind her she could hear a commotion; she could sense Poe and the two Mendaihu behind her, surprised and afraid.  They were calling her back, first with their inner voices and then out loud once they spilled out of the diner.  Their voices pulled at her, beckoning, reaching frantically for her to return.  Kai’s voice was soothing and tender, nearly crowded out by Ashan’s piercing shouts, but Poe’s voice…
…Poe’s voice rumbled like violent thunder and lightning, reverberating throughout her own soul, shaking her down to the bone.  His inner voice was so unexpectedly visceral it stopped her cold.  She stumbled and nearly fell, veered sickeningly to the left, and came to rest against the cold and rough concrete of the building she’d been passing.
“Goddess…” she exhaled.  She looked down at her trembling hands.  “What…”
Karinna! he called out.  You can’t do this alone!
As she leaned against the wall with one hand, she dropped her head and found herself gasping for air.  He was right…she couldn’t watch over Denni alone.  She couldn’t watch over her every single moment of her life.  She felt the knife-pain of guilt and sadness in her heart, keener and sharper than ever before.  She pushed herself up to stand again, her raised hand balled into a fist, and slammed the flat of it against the building in frustration, sending a jolt of pain up her arm.  They were right, she couldn’t do this alone. She lifted her head to see Ashan and Kai briskly walking towards her, with Poe just a few steps behind.  Poe couldn’t meet her eyes, scowling and turning away instead.
I’m not there for her, she said, fighting back tears.  
But you are there in spirit, Poe responded. And that makes all the difference.
Angered, she let out a low growl and glared at him until he looked at her.  “How would you know, Alec?  Can a simple bond be enough to protect her from being taken or…or killed?”
Ashan started to speak.  “That simple bond, Caren, is —”
She waved him away with a quick flash of the arm.  “I don’t give a shit, Ashan!  We may be bonded, by Light, blood, spirit, whatever, but don’t you get it?  I’m…not…there!  What if some crazy bastard finds her?  What if it was that…whoever it was that killed my parents?  What the hell could she do to defend herself?  Can you answer me that?”
Faith, Karinna, she heard someone say.
“What?”  She leered at the three of them.  “Who said that?  Who just spoke within me?”
I did, the voice said.  I am Ampryss.  Have faith, Karinna.  Your sister is well protected, my dearest.  I am protecting her.
“Am…”  Caren shook her head, now more flustered than angry.  She turned to the others again.  “Okay.  Who the hell is Ampryss, and why is she talking to me?”
The two Mendaihu agents paled at the same time.
“Well?” she demanded.
“She’s the Watcher of Trisanda,” Ashan said, visibly humbled by the name.  It was the first time she’d ever seen him nearly at a loss for words.  “The watcher of the Mendaihu.  I think you can rest easy now.”
Caren found Ashan and Kai’s reaction to the name both comforting and disturbing at the same time.  She unclenched her fists, drooped her shoulders, and let out a long, slow breath of fear.
My sister, she thought, bewildered.  My sister is a goddess.

*

We’re all here for you, Karinna, he said from within.  All of us.
Poe stood away from Caren and the two Mendaihu, staring up at the overcast sky and trying to calm his own nerves.  His head throbbed and his eyes ached, like he hadn’t slept in days.  He felt his entire being, body and soul, being stretched into something he was not familiar with.  His mind raced between thoughts of Caren and Denni, and of the controlled anger that welled up within him…and of the repressed anger of everyone around him.  It was all he could do to keep himself centered, to keep himself from reacting to the emotional and spiritual overload.  As always, he focused on his partner to keep himself anchored down.   She didn’t always notice it, but he silently thanked her every time.
He dropped his eyes to her.  “You okay, kid?” he asked.
She walked up to him and laid a hand on his arm.  “Better.  You?”
He let out a long breath.  “Truthfully?  I don’t know.”
She hummed in agreement and smiled awkwardly at him.  “I, uh…I heard you calling.”
He flushed and looked away.  “Huh…didn’t expect that to work.”  All at once, the anger ebbed, and he felt the tension in his back loosen.  He rubbed at his eyes with the heels of his palms to mask his frown.  The anger had vanished, dropped and forgotten.  Only empty frustration remained.  He’d wanted to say more, to tell her what had happened and where he’d gone with Kai, but he couldn’t find words.  There were no words for what he’d experienced.
He looked over at Ashan and Kai, half hoping for some sort of explanation.  Normal human logic told him that the stress of the case was getting to him.  His emotions, however, told him he was going through something so complex and rare that even Kai couldn’t completely explain it while in that elsewhere.  The best she could do was to show him the chaotic energy of the city, and the unconditional love of a Mendaihu.  They looked at him now, she with that love, and Ashan with protection.  He gave them a reassuring nod; they took it as a sign to leave the two of them alone for a bit to gather themselves.  Kai must have seen the exhaustion in his face, for she gave him a quick smile and tugged her brother away a good distance.
Caren squeezed his arm.  “Alec,” she said.  “I’m sorry I freaked on you back there.”
“Don’t apologize,” he said.  “I would have acted the same.”
She held a hand to her face to hide a blush.  She wanted to embrace him, but shied away instead.  He didn’t mind, he understood their bond.  “Thank you,” she said, touching his arm.
“Don’t mention it.”
“We have to find Denni,” she said, not missing a beat.
“Denni’s fine,” he countered.
“You don’t know that.”
“True,” he said.  “But think of it this way: if she were in trouble, she would have contacted you by now.”
She let herself mull that over.  “I suppose you’re right,” she said.  “Can’t blame me for worrying, though.”
“No, I see your point,” he said.  “If Denni truly is the One, I’d want to have her close until I had the situation under control.”  He gestured at Kai and Ashan, who were waiting politely farther down the block, leaning up against a concrete storefront and carrying on a separate conversation.  “If you want, we can all head over to Ormand Park School and pick her up.”
She took his arm, relieved by the suggestion.  “That sounds like a wonderful idea,” she said, and leaned her head against his shoulder.  “Come on.  Let’s not keep them waiting.”
--chk chk chk-chk—
“Ah hell.”  Poe fished his comm out of his jacket pocket, only to find it wasn’t his that had gone off.
“Guess I’m the famous one around here,” she said mockingly and winked at him.  She turned away and answered her own comm, covering her right ear to cut off the street noise.  Her expression darkened quickly as soon as she heard the voice on the other end.  Distractedly she waved Poe over.  “You’ve certainly gone one hell of a grand sense of timing, edha.  Right.  I’ve got my partner right here.  What?”  She frowned at him, shaking her head and shrugging.  “Hang on, let me connect him.”  She covered her comm and leaned in.  “It’s Kindeiya Shalei,” she said.  “He wants to speak to the both of us.”
Poe fished out his comm again and pressed the appropriate code to slip into conference mode.  “Okay, Kindeiya,” Caren continued.  “You have our attention.”
“Excellent,” he said.  His immaculately smooth voice was still there, but all the joy had gone out of it some time ago, replaced by exhaustion.  “Edha Poe, emha Johnson, I commend the both of you on your patience, as well as embracing your enlightenment as well as you have.  You have no doubt just realized why I could not speak to you until now.  And I call you at this time because there is precious little of it left.  You must go to the Moulding Warehouse by four this afternoon, as it is the safest place for all of you at this time.  It is six hours away, but after yesterday we can all imagine what can happen within those six hours.  Thus, it is imperative that you listen to what I have to say.
“I am sure you’ve come to the conclusion that I am a Prophet of the One.  It is not a title I want to go around flaunting, for obvious reasons.  The reason, emha Johnson, that I did not tell you I knew who you were, was because we had to know for sure that your sister Denni was who we expected her to be.  Seeing the future is both a matter of fate and of perspective, my dear child.  If we really wanted her to be the One of All Sacred, by all means she could have embodied the One but not been the One.  But that, of course, did not happen, and because of this, your presence at the Waterfront is imperative.”
Her free hand balled into a fist again.  “Why do you say that?”
“Because Denni will already be there by the time you arrive,” he said.  “Edha Poe: to you, I wish Love, Peace and Light.  I understand your confusion…torn between light and shadow.  But if choose your path wisely, that won’t matter at all.”
Poe opened his mouth to say something, but thought better of it.
Kindeiya continued without missing a beat.  “I say this now: Denni will be at the warehouse in six hours, whether it is from your doing or not.  All I ask is that the both of you are there as well, to continue to protect her.”
“Like hell I’m going to bring her there!” Caren growled at him.  “If you think I’m going to put her in any kind of danger…”
“Remember five years ago, edha Johnson.”
Poe winced as the color drained from Caren’s face.  She winced and shut her eyes.  “What about five years ago, Kindeiya?” she said in a barely contained monotone.
“You were working with emha Kennedy at the time, yes?  She could tell you, I’m sure she remembers that day.  You were at headquarters in Branden Hill at the time, pushing paper at the exact moment that your sister Denni was in school in Pullock Street Heights.
“And at that exact moment, Karinna…”
“Kindeiya, damn you —”
“…at that moment, a man stood in the center of an abandoned apartment on Grieves Street.  This man was attempting to Lightwalk, to search for the One of All Sacred.  It had been approximately twenty years since the Eighth embodiment, and this man was anxious to meet the next.”
Caren let out a whimper.  “Please…don’t do this.”
“He was nuhm’ndah, Karinna.  One of the best soulsensers of the time, and born a pure Shenaihu.  The division of the Shenaihu and the Mendaihu are not the same as clan divisions, my sehnadha; the soul sees the self, but not the name we give it.  He was one of the nuhm’ndah.  They were…and still are, to some extent…an extremist Shenaihu sect.  The Shenaihu themselves do not recognize them politically, although they can’t help but acknowledge them as brethren in spirit.”
She trembled.  “Please…don’t —”
“You must hear this to understand, Karinna,” he pleaded.  “This is what I could not tell you earlier.  The nuhm’ndah are extremists.  Their plan is to annihilate any and all Mendaihu.  Other Mendaihu and Shenaihu know this…yet the Shenaihu have brought them back, time and again.  And for this nuhm’ndah to have the ability to find the One without any help…
“On that day, at that moment, the man had just entered Light, to find the sleeping spirit of the One of All Sacred…”
“Damn you, that’s enough!” she cried.  Poe felt a ripple of pain surge from Caren’s direction.
“…somewhere up in the Pullock Street Heights sector, waiting to awaken.”
“Kindeiya…please…” she sobbed.
Ashan placed a hand on Caren’s shoulder.  She made a movement as if to jerk his hand away, then belatedly accepted it.  She desperately needed his soulhealing touch just then.  After a second, Ashan moved closer until he was embracing her, his arms over hers, his head resting against the back of hers.  So engrossed was Poe in watching this healing process that he almost hadn’t noticed Kai enshrouding him as well.
“…and he had found her,” Meade said.
“…Denni,” she said, her voice raw.
“Yes, my dearest child.  This man had found Denysia, and had begun planning his next moves.  As Shenaihu, he was bound, at that time, to destroy the One.  At that time, they had planned to keep the One from returning in each generation.  I can only guess what would have happened to her, had he succeeded.”  He stopped momentarily, and the silence was overwhelming.  “But now…?  Now they plan to corrupt her.”
“How…” Poe began, startled by his own voice in the eerie quiet of the phone line.  “How did Caren’s parents know?  How could they know?”
“By their bond, edha,” he answered.  “The bond of parent to child, of Mendaihu to Mendaihu.  Of Mendaihu to the One of All Sacred.  They sensed something, my friend.  It could have been his dark spirit…it could have been the probability of her death…we may never know.  The bond surpassed anything they had known before, and it scared them.  But within moments they had surrounded and attacked him.”
Caren’s sobs carried quietly over the line.  Poe felt another stab of pain with each whimper he heard.  He tried blocking out Kindeiya’s voice, blocking out everything around him by squeezing his eyes shut, which only made him sense it all that much more.  He let in a short breath, exhaled it, and opened them again.  Kai still held him in her arms, cradling him, touching him, loving him.
“Aram and Celine Johnson saved your lives,” Kindeiya said soothingly.  “Their previously untapped Mendaihu abilities had been pushed to the limit in order to protect their daughters.”
I remember.  Caren’s inner voice carried through all four of them.  Poe clutched at his jacket, his heart surging with pure emotion.
Denni…Caren called out.  I remember now…!








CHAPTER EIGHTEEN
Shenaihu - Mendaihu

Janoss Miradesi.
Natianos Lehanna’s low voice thundered within his head and caught him off guard.  He tripped and fell sideways into the wall of his office, catching himself just before he hit the floor, and stifled a curse.  He’d expected to hear from Natianos at some point today, but he’d expected it to be by common means like a vid call or in person, not with a pain-inducing inner voice.  It meant that his message was not just important but imperative, and he’d damn well better answer in the next few seconds or he’d call again, louder and more penetrating.  He limped towards his desk and eased himself into the chair, forcing himself to smile.  Any feelings of disorientation would fade away quickly.  He’d forgive him that.
Yes, Dahné, he called.  I am here.
snap
“Awaken, eichi,” the voice said.  “Come with me.”
Janoss twitched, startled by the sudden and unexpected appearance of his superior and the form he had taken.  Dahné Natianos Lehanna had stepped out of Light in his true Shenaihuza spirit in the shape of a muscular bipedal winged dragonlike creature, an aspect of kiralla.  He towered over his desk, his body filling nearly every available inch of the floor in front of him.  His body was covered with dusky brown scales that shimmered under the office lights.  His long snout hung low, dark and piercing eyes fixed on him, studying him intently but not revealing why.  The Dahné held his paws crossed in front of his body, the fingers flexing anxiously every few seconds, revealing long pearly claws that clicked softly against each other.  His tail reached over to the corner of the room and curled slightly, but never touched wall or floor.  His presence inspired fear deep into Janoss’ soul.
“Come with me, my sehnadha,” he said in a low, rumbling voice, and lifted a hand.  “I wish to show you something.”
“Yes, Dahné,” Janoss said.  He let out a slow breath and closed his eyes, preparing for his own metamorphosis.  He’d done this before, long before his near-change down in that abandoned hallway, and it took him less than a few seconds to complete.  He felt himself changing form, from human to Shenaihuza, the realities blurring for a moment in his mind as his True form emerged from its sheltered soul.  In his own kiralla aspect, much more compact than Natianos’ yet similar in every other fashion, he arched and stretched every muscle and nerve, the body happy to be free of its spiritual cage.
“Where are we going, Dahné?”
“To the hundred forty-second floor,” Natianos said with no emotion.
Janoss growled softly.  “Shirai’s memstation?”
Instead of getting an answer, Natianos moved towards the windows of the office, and snapped back into Light.  Shuddering, Janoss followed moments later.
They now stood on the escape walkway of the hundred forty-second floor, the first few drops of an impending rainfall splashing against their skins.  Janoss blinked a raindrop out of his right eye and looked around, searching for Natianos.  He had expected him to be out here, the same spot where Nehalé Usarai had stood days before.  Nehalé’s spirit signature still permeated this spot, a tightening of the air much like that which preceded a lightning strike.  Janoss flexed his paws, uncomfortable with standing out in the open.
Dahné?  He looked around again, but could not see him.
You are here, but not here, was the answer Natianos gave him, his voice eerily not where it should be.  Come further into Light, Janoss.
Janoss frowned, shifting his kiralla form.  “I already am, Dahné.”
Natianos let out a quick laugh.  Not fully, my friend.
He felt a shove from behind, and before he could whirl around and grab at something to keep from falling, he pitched back and felt his left foot sliding off of the escape walkway…the last solid thing he felt before his descent into Light.

*

“Wh…where are we?” Janoss said, blinking hard, his eyes attempting to refocus.  He was standing in a field of grass stalks somewhere in the Wilderlands, overlooking a dark green valley full of pine trees.  This field stood on top of a smooth slope leading west, perhaps towards the Inland Provinces, the eastern and southern slopes obscured by a vast forest of pines.  The only sounds he heard was the rustle of windblown branches and the occasional twittering of birds.  Compared to the center of the city, this was a blessed silence.
“We’re past the veil,” Natianos replied.  
Janoss turned around.  Natianos stood behind him, back in human form, adjusting a cufflink and glancing back at him with just a touch of impatience.  Janoss looked down at his hands; he’d changed back to his own human self as well, wearing the same suit he’d been wearing all day.  There was something odd about being here, though…as if the freedom he felt while in the Shenaihuza spirit had replicated itself here.  He felt utterly at peace with his own skin for once.  The tightness of the air, the spot Nehalé had stood, had eased, replaced by a calm breeze that flowed through him, easing every muscle in his body.  It felt familiar…he’d been here before, been in this situation.  “This isn’t an aspect I’m used to,” he said.  “Have we traveled?”
“Indeed we have,” Natianos smiled.  “It’s Trisanda.  Our birth, Janoss.  Where the Shenaihuza and the Mendaihuza are one.”
Janoss shuddered, but said nothing.  Did Natianos always have the ability to reach this far in his travels?  Very few could reach this far without assistance or years of training or assistance…or unless their abilities were enhanced somehow.  It had to have been Nehalé Usarai’s doing.  Natianos must have realized this much earlier than he had, and must have started testing his limits soon after.  Janoss was impressed, but he didn’t want to let Natianos know, not just yet.  Instead, he took a slow sweeping view, taking in every detail of what he saw and sensed.  Visually it was like any other place in the Wilderlands north of the city: a healthy forest on the verge of changing its autumnal colors, a field of wild grass rolling gently in the breeze, a clear blue sky…nothing out of the ordinary.  On a more sensory level, however, he could feel it: a flow of energy he could read and touch, emanating from everything around him, from the blades of wild grass at his feet to the trees at the edge of the field, even to Natianos standing beside him, reminding him that this was his ancestral home, where his spirit truly belonged, no matter how far it may travel.  A familiarity, a spiritual bond of oneness with everything around him that only a true Meraladhza could feel.  It had to be Trisanda.
“We have all Awakened,” Natianos said with a smile.  “Some more than others, you know.  Nehalé planned this more thoroughly than I’d thought.  He awakened us all, Mendaihu and Shenaihu.”  He laughed, lifting his head up to take in the view.  “You and I came up here by Lightwalking, Janoss.  Like our ancestors once did.  Our past is slowly catching up with us.  We’re finally remembering our past again.  Nehalé certainly has leveled the playing field, hasn’t he?  Just like his Vigil friends.  Anyone can come up here now, if they’re willing to learn how.  Do you know what this means?”
Of course Janoss knew what it meant, and measured his words before he spoke.  If the Awakening ritual had done what Nehalé had planned it to do, the girl would now be coming out of hibernation and setting everything else in motion.  And if she’d been awakened, it was imperative that the right souls surrounded her, to ensure the delicate balance between the Mendaihu and the Shenaihu remained steady.  “It means the One of All Sacred has been awakened as well,” he said.
Natianos beamed.  “We need her to keep her from ascending, Janoss,” he said.  “If she ascends, then the balance is lost.”
Janoss shivered at the thought.  He wholeheartedly agreed…but for precisely the opposite reason.  She could not ascend, because that would not just tip the balance, but completely eradicate it.  “I already have people looking,” he offered weakly.
Natianos took his gaze off the sky for a moment and smiled appreciatively at him.

*

Nehalé stood on the mezzanine of an old order processing station, looking out over the hundreds of people milling about on the warehouse floor below.  Anando stood beside him, toying with the mixing board they’d jerry-rigged to the intercom system just an hour before, and gave him the thumbs-up to start whenever he felt ready.  He wished he had the kid’s optimism at that moment, as his own had inexplicably vanished.  He’d plotted out this very moment for ages, including when he would give a brilliant speech to these devout followers of the One, but now that the time was here…words had failed him.  He had the general idea, of course…that would be found in the unspoken words, the ones he’d be speaking within, underneath everything else.  Oh, if he only had the gift of words like Reverend Miriam!  Perhaps that was how to start…get their spirit’s attention first, then worry about the spoken words when he got to them.  
Somfei, edha d’ emha…mehridea shadha di nyhndah…dehndarra Né hra nyhndah.
The noise in the room immediately dropped down to a whisper as every single body down there stopped what they were doing and faced him.  That seemed to get their attention…he cleared his throat nervously, turned on the mic and began.
“I am Nehalé Usarai,” he said aloud.  “Peace, Love, and Light to all of you.”
He stopped again, closing his eyes, and thought of how Miriam had entranced his parishioners at the church yesterday.  If he could take hold of his audience…if he could capture the hearts and souls standing below him…he took a deep breath, reaching out with his soul.  He wished for them to listen.  If his words were less than perfect, then his spirit would talk for him.  He opened up his eyes and began again.
“First of all…what I say to you now is of utmost importance.  Since the Awakening, there has been an incredible surge in the number of Mendaihu and Shenaihu sensitives in Bridgetown and in surrounding provinces.  I am assuming that most of you understand, or at least have some grasp on the changes you are going through.  There are those who stand next to you, however, who are scared or confused…they have been given an overwhelming strength, and knowledge they never knew they could acquire.  I urge you, my brothers and sisters, to embrace them; give them that knowledge they deserve.
“Many of you are asking…why have we been awakened?  Why do we stand here, listening to this apparent madman, this anarchist?  Why was I brought here?
“I tell you now, eicho d’ eichi, that you are not alone.  Your spirits were awakened to celebrate the coming of the One of All Sacred.  She is here, within us, at this very moment.  She is all of us, in her purest form.  She is space, she is time…she is the Universes.  And she has come again.”
A collective gasp and the sound of inner voices surged towards him.  The One…?  Oh Goddess she’s returned!  We have been saved!  The surge of emotion washed over him like a tidal wave, knocking him back.  He rushed to recapture his own emotions in the deluge, their joy so similar to his own.  He blinked tears away as he leaned forward over the railing, catching his breath.  He had expected this reaction from many of the people here; those who followed the One of All Sacred faithfully, Mendaihu and Shenaihu alike, and those who had some degree of familiarity with their faith, had come willingly and without question.  Those who could not understand the sudden jubilation stood ashen-faced, confused and more than a little scared.  These were the uninformed, the ones who had never been taught the secrets of the Mendaihu, the Shenaihu, and the One.
They would be his first pupils, when the time came.
“You have come of your own will,” he continued, “out of your own volition, to this warehouse in the most disregarded and unorganized sector of Bridgetown, to become part of a grand awakening.  We come here to the Waterfront to congregate and praise the return of the One, but not to build an army to fight our enemies.  Our fate was never to fight amongst each other.  Our fate is to protect Gharra and the One of All Sacred at all costs from those who would destroy them.  If that means we must eventually go into battle, so be it…but that is not our fate.  We will not fight if there is no reason for it.”
He took advantage of the pause in his sermon to take another breath, and to observe the crowd again.  The inner voices had calmed down to a murmur, taking his words to heart.  “Some of you are questioning our motives,” he continued.  “I can sense your wariness, and I don’t blame you.  Why are we not attacking the nuhm’ndah?  We were provoked, I can attest to that.  I was witness to this provocation, yesterday at St. Patrick’s Church, and I can tell you that parishioners within the church did nothing to warrant such a blatant attack.
“I understand that some of you were in the area of Sculler’s Crossing, just over a mile from here…you had lost eighteen Mendaihu and five Shenaihu.  I understand that family members of those twenty-three are here today in this warehouse.  My heart goes out to all of you…nyhnd’aladh, do not misunderstand me.  I know your pain, and I pray for your healing.  I can only wish that our mission of peace will eventually come to fruition, and no more lives, no more spirits will be lost.  I firmly believe that the One of All Sacred knows this as well, and that is her aim.”
An unexpected roar of applause filled the warehouse.  Nehalé smiled broadly at them, placing his hand over his chest in a gesture of heartfelt appreciation, but his joy was short-lived.  He had padded his sermon enough to keep these people calm and attentive, but eventually he’d have to explain why they had been drawn here in the first place.  A good number of these people were going to be upset to find that they had come here on their own volition and not by some kind of summoning.  He knew from experience the unsettling feeling of helplessness when a spirit chose its own path regardless of the person’s logic or emotion.
“As it stands, the Mendaihu and the Shenaihu are at an impasse.  They want control over the One of All Sacred.  We of course do not control her, but we do have her under our protection.  I tell you now, that they will not stop until they have her.  I cannot tell you to what lengths they will go to obtain her, but we must be vigilant!  We must remain so, until the threat has passed.  They will not have her!
“So I tell you now, dear friends, my sehnadha.  We are here, in this warehouse, in order to defend.  I know this, my friends, because she is coming here.”
The crowd stopped chattering and clapping, and gaped at him in stunned silence.  Only moments later was the silence broken, first by a few brave spirits willing to voice their true feelings.  Then all at once, everyone began speaking again in a sudden storm of excitement and surprise: The One…coming here?  To us?  She’s…she’s coming?  Is she here now?
“She is not here at the moment,” he said above the din in his head, waving his hands down at them.  “But before the day is done, she will come.”
He could say no more, as the room suddenly erupted into cheers and cries of joy once more.  Another surge of emotion washed over him, and he could not brace himself against it.  He let it flow freely through his own essence this time, leaning against the railing and laughing.  How else could he react?  Having nothing more to say at that moment, Nehalé backed away from the edge of the mezzanine and sat down on one of the desks behind him.  He closed his eyes, exhaled, and laid his hands on his lap.
We are here, my dearest One, he whispered within himself.  We are waiting.

*

Father, Saone whispered to herself.  I shall not let you down.
Saone took a deep breath and slowly backed away from the edge of the crowd that filled the warehouse.  She bit her tongue hard and shoved her hands into her jacket pockets, wanting so badly to contact her father at this very moment.  He had to know about this Coming as soon as possible!  If she could get as many nuhm’ndah ready as possible before the event, before the Mendaihu were ready, there was a better chance he would be able to win…that thought alone made her giddy with excitement!
Dahné Lehanna, she called from within.  ...eilee fadayin.
A stirring of her heart.  She felt her father answer her almost immediately, first without vocal acknowledgement.  That stirring, a sudden jump of her heartbeat, heightened her awareness of the gossamer thread of spiritual link that they shared.  The connection felt more distant than usual…perhaps he’d been traveling?  Eventually she heard a humming sigh, a familial sign that she had his attention.
What is it, my daughter?
Saone’s nerves jumped excitedly.  I have just heard.  The One of All Sacred has indeed awakened, and will be here in the Waterfront District by this evening.
In that strange way, she felt his smile.  Very good, Saone…I had heard rumors, yet no truths until now.  I bless you for your vigilance.
She smiled inwardly as she moved farther away from the main crowd inside the warehouse.  She was in a prime position to do anything she wanted or needed to do to further the nuhm’ndah cause; she did not want to get sent back to her father’s mansion on Sachers Island, nor did she want to hand this position off to anyone else.  She would allow only one other person, her partner Kryssyna, to help her.
Shall I stay in position, Dahné?  She continued to call her father by his Shenaihu title, rather than ‘father,’ to prove her point of being more than just his daughter.  Kryssyna Piramados shall accompany me.
Without a pause, he answered.  You shall prove your ultimate worth as a Shenaihu nuhm’ndah, Saone, with this simple task: take the child who is the One of All Sacred, and bring her to me.
Saone smiled.  I shall, Dahné.  Wordlessly but with a final rush of both fatherly love and pride, her father accepted and disconnected from her.  The gossamer thread shrank, reeling back within her until she felt complete once more.
I shall, she thought, and left the warehouse.  She fought back a shudder as she walked out the open dock door.  She had tried not to let all the Mendaihu in this warehouse bother her, and her nerves had held out for this long, yet she had to release this tension she’d felt since entering the place.  She had a score to settle with edha Usarai — a very personal score.  By cruel fate, she had been just outside the Mirades Tower that night, having just clocked off of her late shift not fifteen minutes before.  And when Nehalé Usarai released that damned ritual, he’d nearly killed her in the process.  She’d heard him, of course…heard his words of warning before he let loose the Rain of Light, but by the time she could react, it was too late.  The ritual hit her with full force, knocking her up against the glass of the north foyer.  
The energy siphoned out of her…Goddess, she never wanted to feel that again!  And the Light…Goddess, the Light…!
He had ruined her spirit.  Of course, she dared not admit what had happened to her family, knowing they’d disown her on the spot.  She was no longer pure Shenaihuza spirit, not anymore.  He had changed her.
And damn it all, he was going to pay for that.
She walked around the smaller crowd milling outside near the entrance, and debated her next move.  There was a possibility she could stick around the warehouse, out of range of the sensitives, but close enough for her to stay with what was happening.  She could then lead a contingent of nuhm’ndah from there.  She looked upwards at the roof of the warehouse, judging the distance from ground to roof, and guessed it to be between three and four stories tall.  She separated herself from the crowd and began to circle the building, looking for any outside access to the roof.
“Hello,” she heard ahead of her.
She had been too busy looking up that she hadn’t noticed the young man standing a few yards away.  He was not quite grimacing at her, but his body language suggested he meant no harm, he was merely curious.  Perhaps he was security?  After a moment she recognized him as the guy who’d been fiddling with the electronics in the warehouse for the last few hours, setting up the sound system both inside and out.  He looked like a kid just out of university with his alma mater sweatshirt and faded jeans.
Bridgetown University, she thought.  Must be a smart one.
“Uh…hi,” she said with a hint of feigned shyness.
“Looking for something?” he asked plainly.
“No, uh, not really.”  She smiled at him, shrugging.  “Just curious as to why this particular warehouse had been picked as a meeting place.  I would have thought a…”  A church, she had almost said.  That wouldn’t have gone over too well.  “...well, perhaps KJS Arena would have been a more suitable and comfortable place for this sort of thing.”
The man smirked.  “Well, given the circumstances, I think an empty warehouse would be a lot safer.”  He held out a hand towards her.  “My name’s Anando Shalei.”
She took it and smiled.  “Somfei, edha Shalei.  I am Saone Lehanna.”
He studied her for the moment they shook hands, and Saone did her best to hide the shiver she suddenly felt.  She had been trained to mask her visual and spiritual emotions from others, but rarely had the chance to use that ability, as most of the people her father had sent her to observe were ordinary humans and Meraladians with little or no sensitivity to such things.  The moment passed and they continued walking around the perimeter of the warehouse, in the direction Saone had planned on going.
“You don’t see many of these warehouses in this district anymore,” Anando said.  “Ninety-nine percent of import-export takes place over in West Brandenville near the Nullport now.  Moulding TechWear was the last resident a few years back.  That’s why this place is still in such good shape…they took good care of it.  Nearly everything including the storage racks have been upgraded.”
Saone nodded as he continued on, pretending to be interested in the building’s history.  Every now and again she glanced up, still trying to locate any secondary entrances for infiltration.  There were countless fire exits from the main floor.  Perhaps in the melee of the celebrating the One’s return, her people could get in undetected, but that would demand keys, or at least someone on the inside to let them in.  Crashing through was out of the question, at least for now; a quiet, subtle inundation had been the main plan.
It wasn’t until they were on the western side of the building that Saone discovered the opening they would take.  Her neck had gotten stiff from taking quick glances upwards as Anando continued his tour, and she had dropped her head down to rub the back of it, when she noticed the subway grates dividing the sidewalk.  The East Sprawl Line shot directly up Holgate Street, stretching the entirety of the coastline, with older, disused lines branching off all over the city.  No doubt some of the older buildings in the Waterfront sector had access, due to their proximity and convenience to its workers.  She knew the BMPD and the ARU used these tunnels now and again for field training, and certainly the nuhm’ndah used it all the time as quick passage.  A quick investigation in the back rooms of the warehouse would give her the answer.  For now, though, she was satisfied at her discovery and the outcome of the mission so far.
Anando had been talking about the day’s festivities and had just finished giving his take on Nehalé’s plans, and was waiting silently for her response.  She had only half-listened, too intent on her planning, but had picked up enough to carry the conversation on.
“Well,” she smirked playfully at him.  “He certainly knows how to sell his message, that’s for sure.”
Anando laughed.  “You’re not the first person to admit that.”
“From what I’ve heard about him, I shouldn’t expect any less,” she said.  They had come nearly to the southern corner of the building and returned to the front entrance, and while she talked, she took one last glance at the grates.  She used her excitement of the finding and made it as general as possible so Anando could perceive it as joyous anticipation of the evening’s event.  Anando picked up on it instantly.
“It’s strange,” he said.  “Here we all are, all us Mendaihu and Shenaihu, knowing in advance of the Ninth Coming of the One of All Sacred, knowing that it’ll be tonight, knowing it’ll be here at this very warehouse.  It’s almost…”
“Preordained?” Saone said, grinning at him.
“Heh.  Seriously, it’s as if it’s a blessing from the universes themselves.”
She nodded.  “A bit profound there, Anando, but I understand the intent of your words.  It is a little unnerving to be able to know exactly when your own personal deity is going to arrive at your doorstep.”
They walked in silence the rest of the way back to the main entrance, where they found themselves competing for space with a growing crowd and, across the now-closed street, a line of vendors offering food.  The pleasant mixture of spicy aromas made her realize she was famished, and that she had not eaten since late last night.  She wandered over to a noodle stall, surprised that Anando had followed her.  She hid her irritation as she dug for money for the vendors.
The man behind the stall waved the money away and smiled.  “On the house, emha.  Compliments of KJS Corporation.”
Anando laughed behind her.  “Kindeiya Shalei!  I should have known he’d do this.”
Well then, she thought in frustration.  Guess I’ll have to entertain this Mendaihu a little longer.  She would have to wait for the next opportunity to go back inside and investigate the lower depths of warehouse.  Cursed with an incredible amount of patience and tolerance, she pushed aside her plans and made her best attempt at enjoying the day.  She grabbed two servings of ramen from the stall and handed one to Anando.
“Thank you,” he said, digging in.  “I’ve been so busy tailing Nehalé that I haven’t eaten all day.”
“I get the feeling he’s a bit overzealous,” she said, more to herself than to him.  His eyes widened, an expression only made sillier with strands of ramen noodle hanging from his lips, and she laughed.  Had she just insulted a man he looked upon as some sort of holy figure?  She shook her head at the thought.  Nehalé was many things, and may in fact be a shepherd among the masses, but he most certainly was no messiah.
Anando gathered his words eventually.  “Overzealous?  Nehalé Usarai?  Far from it!  Zealotry is a far cry from a pure faith in the One, my dear Saone.”
“I know,” she said, giving him a genuine smile.  “You’ll have to forgive me, my cynicism gets the best of me sometimes.”  Her eyes lingered on him for a second; perhaps getting stuck with this particular Mendaihu wasn’t so bad after all.  What better way for a nuhm’ndah to blend in than to be seen talking with the shepherd’s lackey himself? 








CHAPTER NINETEEN
Denni - Amna

Denysia?
The voice entered her consciousness as a whisper so quiet she almost didn’t hear it above the din of the school cafeteria, but she didn’t have the time to answer it right now.  Not when she had yesterday’s history homework to finish off before next period.  She’d been so worried about Caren that she’d forgotten all about it, and she’d be damned if she’d get another low grade in this class.  She pulled up the worksheet on her vidmat and started scribbling out the answers as quickly as she could.  She could at least accept points off for bad penmanship.
To be honest, she relished all this background white noise.  She’d been distracted during all her early classes, not just by the persistent voice but by the news her sister had shared.  It all made sense now: the dreams, the voices, the traveling, the soulhearing…and especially what Caren had told her about Mum and Dad.  Caren had also called her this morning, just before she’d left for school, just to make sure she’d recovered from it all.
“Denni!  There you are!”
Another interruption!  She lifted her head to see her friend Amna Ehramanis making her way through the crowded hall towards her table, plowing her way through pockets of students like a hurricane.  Despite her petite frame, the girl was a power to behold, and those who saw her coming always scrambled out of the way.  She never did anything quietly.  It was comical to watch, but it was also impressive.  She was well aware of her tininess and made up for it by having a larger-than-life personality.  She was sweet and cute, but she could also kick your ass if you ticked her off.  
“Girl, where have you been?” she said, still a good four tables away.  “I’ve been looking for you all morning!”
Denni glanced down at her homework, weighed the options of her excuses for tardy homework…certainly she could use the influence of taking care of Caren, who happened to be on the recently heavily burdened ARU…and smiled deftly at her own shamelessness.  “Hey yourself,” she called as she switched off the vidmat and stuffed it in her satchel.  She gestured with a nod of the head at the number of students.  “Have a seat.  Insane in here today, huh?  A bit much for fourth period study, isn’t it?”
Amna grabbed the back of an empty seat and yanked it out, nearly hitting the thigh of a passing classmate.  She dropped her load of books on the table with a resounding thump and grunted out of exhaustion.  “Just got out of Taylor’s history class,” she groaned.  “You wouldn’t believe the homework she’s got us doing…we have to finish up Kaalen’s dehndarra Né and have a ten-page paper on it by the end of the week.  If I didn’t know the tract already, I’d complain, but…”
Denni smiled, amused.  Amna was certainly an odd character who defied any mental image one might have had of her.  She was half-Meraladian on her mother’s side, her clan’s trait of good-natured belligerence running rampant in her blood.  She may be small, but her spirit was far greater than any room she entered.
“Goddess, that reminds me,” she continued.  “I’ve got a term paper for religious history class coming up next month.  I’m thinking of writing about the Mendaihu.  What do you think?”
Denni tried not to frown.  “It’s…uh,” she stumbled.  She made herself look her friend in the eye and tried to keep her voice even.  “It’s not a bad idea, Amna, but the Mendaihu aren’t really a religion-based culture.”
“Of course they are,” she countered.  “Name me one Mendaihu who isn’t part of some religious movement.  They’re all tied into one spiritual thing or another, Den.  No questioning that.”
“There’s a difference between religion and spirituality, Amzi…a big difference.”
“Says you,” she said, sticking out her tongue. 
Denysia!  Denni twitched, the voice much louder and forceful than earlier.  She muttered under her breath in response: Not now!  Please, not now!
“Den?”  Amna frowned at her, a hand on her shoulder.  “You okay over there?  Something I said?”
“No, no…I’m okay,” she said unevenly, forcing a smile and waving off concern.  “Just a weird night last night.  Caren came in late again.”
Amna nodded.  “Ah.  Those five riots, yeah?”
No tact, that girl.  “Yeah.  It’s taken a lot out of her.  Lot of weird stuff going on.”
“NewsComm was scant on the details, but that doesn’t surprise me,” she said.  “They’re not saying who or what started it, but I’m sure you can imagine the press is having a field day with speculation.”
Denni had to laugh at that.  If only they knew the truth!  “Yeah, I’ve heard some really stupid things in the last twenty-four hours.  Religious extremists, anti-religious extremists, Vigil…I think my favorite one so far is the guy on NC5 who’s convinced it’s all a government conspiracy to cause some sort of war between humans and Meraladians.”
“Hey, could happen,” Amna said, pointing at her with a self-satisfied smile.  “You never know when the day will come when I’m going to grow thirty feet tall, grow a tail, and come over to your house, honey.  I’ve been savoring the day I can finally beat your ass but good.”
Amna’s comment was so over the top and unexpected the two girls broke out in a giggling fit.  She had so needed that levity right now!  She playfully punched Amna on the arm, daring her to make good on her threat, which led to more outrageous boasting and laughter.  They ignored the stares and continued to talk through the rest of the period about countless different topics, from school to music to politics, each subject flowing seamlessly into the next one.  For the time being, Denni’s life was back to normal.  She heard the disembodied voice a few more times during the study period, but chose to ignore it.  It had no intention of leaving, but wasn’t too adamant at wrestling her attention away, either.  She would respond when she could, and hoped that whoever was on the other end could understand that.
The period soon ended, and with her still-unfinished homework tucked in her satchel and burning a hole in her conscience, she made a quick plan to meet for lunch with Amna and her other friends before dashing off to Meraladian History class.  She felt guilty for not getting the homework done, but at the moment she didn’t feel it was that important.  Instead she focused on Caren, wondering where she was at that very moment, and if she was doing okay.  She thought she could reach out and touch her sister’s spirit from across the city, and for a brief second thought she felt the gesture being reciprocated.  It was only her own spirit that made her fully believe that their wordless affection over such a distance had actually taken place.  She smiled and hummed quietly to herself as she walked to her next class.

*

Denysia!
The voice reverberated within her head with such unexpected force she let out a quick yelp that she barely contained in time.  Denysia!  Again, seconds later, with equal force.  Please, answer me!  It had started up again, this time calling her with increased frequency and urgency.  Enough! she cried at it.  Leave me alone!  But still it came a fourth time, then a fifth, all in quick succession.  She let out a shaky breath and wiped away tears that had started welling in the corners of her eyes.  Goddess, when was this going to end?  She glanced around the room, but all eyes were on the teacher except Amna’s; she’d been watching her for the past five minutes, unspoken concern on her face.  Denni waved her away.  The last thing she wanted to do was get someone else involved.
Denysia!
“Ow, damn it!” she hissed.  She shot up a hand and asked to be excused, blaming it on a sudden case of nausea, and headed for the bathrooms on the third floor.  At this time of day, only a handful of teachers were in the rooms up there, readying themselves for their midday classes, and no other students would be nearby.  She sprinted up the two flights of service stairs, out of sight of everyone, and stepped out into the quiet hallway.  The women’s room was down the end, near the faculty lounge.  She would have to make it past there without being seen.
Denysia!
“Right,” she mumbled to herself while mentally cursing the voice, and headed towards the restroom.  She had to walk past three other rooms before she got there, and stopped to peer around the doorframe of each one.  The first two rooms were dark and empty, shades drawn and teacher’s desk completely clear.  The third room had its lights on, though after a few minutes she gathered up her nerves and looked in.  A tall Meraladian sat at the desk, engrossed in the large vidmat he had displayed out before him.  His brows were deeply furrowed, his complete attention devoted to his work.  Exhaling, she tiptoed past the open door, skittered past the faculty lounge without attracting attention to herself, and darted into the restroom.
Denysia!
She chose the end stall and locked herself in.
Fine, she thought with all the angry energy she could muster, and aimed it directly at the source of the voice.  I’m here, whoever you are.  I have your attention, what do you want?
Denysia!  At last we speak.  The voice took on an unexpectedly warm tone, much quieter than before.  She could now recognize it as a woman’s voice, and again she knew she’d heard it somewhere before.  It was definitely the same voice she’d been hearing and avoiding over the last few days.  I am emha-sehndayen-ne Eprysia, the woman said.  Or em’prysia.  You may call me Ampryss if you wish.
“Empress?” she blurted aloud, not meaning to.
Ampryss with an ‘a’, my Dearest One, the voice laughed.  Surely I am not royalty.  I am merely what you might call a Priestess.
Denni cocked a curious eyebrow.  Why would a priestess be going to great pains — mostly her own — to reach her via soulhearing, and doing it so badly at that?  She had a feeling the woman was an overzealous Mendaihu, but she kept her guard in case they ended up being someone altogether different.  Gotcha, she said.  Who and where are you, and what is so important about getting a hold of me?  I don’t mean to be rude, but your beacon has been giving me one hell of a migraine.
Ampryss gasped in surprise and apologized profusely.  Nyhnd’aladh, dearest.  I was unaware of how far your awakening had progressed, Denysia.  My ‘beacon,’ as you call it, was my own doing.  Sa’im nyhnd’aladh…again, I apologize.  Now that we have connected, I no longer need to reach quite so far and so strongly.
Denni willingly took the bait.  Exactly how far are we talking about?
That depends on your point of view, Denysia, she said with a touch of amusement.  If we’re talking spiritually, I am just a few minutes away by Lightwalk.  Physically?  I am on Trisanda.
“Trisanda…?”  Denni exhaled, impressed.  “That’s one hell of a distance.”  To Ampryss she added, that’s what, one-twenty or so parsecs away? How are you able to do that?
I can sense your uncertainty, Ampryss said.  I expect it.  But you can visit me any time you like, dearest one.  I will show you there some day.  Perhaps soon.
Denni shivered with nervous excitement mixed in with a tiny bit of skepticism.  Was she really talking to someone not even in a local CNF star system?  Was that even possible?  She’d heard extraordinary things about soulhearing before, but nothing as expansive as this.  One hundred twenty parsecs!  Even for Lightwalking that was an immense distance.  A significant number of Mendaihu had that ability both spiritually and physically, and apparently Dad had been one of them.  Could she have inherited that ability as well?
Her curiosity got the best of her.  Why did you contact me?
I had to, as soon as you had awakened, she said.  Our connection is very important, Denysia.
“What’s the big deal with me awakening?” she said, more to herself than to Ampryss.  She wondered if any other people going through this had to endure these offworld voices.  There was also the nagging feeling that Caren wasn’t the only one who knew about it.  Why me, she asked, and why now?
The door to the restroom swung open, a woman’s heels clicking against the tile floor.  Denni gasped and caught her breath, and pulled her legs up above the door.  She cursed inwardly and hoped that she hadn’t been heard.  Thankfully the woman had only entered to wash her hands and fix her makeup, but she remained cramped in that odd position for close to three minutes perched on the edge of the toilet until the woman left.  Ampryss must have sensed all of this tension, as she had not answered yet.
“Denni?”
Oh shit!  Her heart jumped at hearing her own name echoing against the walls and she nearly fell off the rim.  It was only after hearing it a second time that she realized it was Amna, come to retrieve her.  How did she know she’d gone all the way up to the third floor?  And how did she get in without hearing her?  “Amna?” she mumbled in the best nauseous voice she could muster.  “What are you doing up here?”
She laughed in response.  “I should ask you the same question, kiddo.  And you can cut the performance.  I know you’re not sick.”
Stiff from the odd position she’d been sitting in, she was happy to stand and stretch now, and let out a quick grunt as she did so.  She swung open the stall door and stepped out, a sheepish grin on her face.
Amna was leaning up against the tiled wall waiting for her, arms crossed.  “Who were you talking to?” she asked.
Denni frowned.  “I wasn’t talking to anyone, just you.”
She huffed and rolled her eyes at her.  Inside, Den.  Who was talking in here?
“Oh Goddess…” she gasped, startled by her friend’s voice inside her head.  “You…you heard?”
“Every word, kiddo…” Amna shrugged as if it was no big thing.  “Don’t worry.  You were in a…well, what would you call it?  A strange frequency, I suppose.  I doubt anyone else heard it aside from me.  So who was it?”
Denni evaded the question.  “Wait a minute…how long have you known how to soulhear?  And why didn’t you tell me?”
Amna looked away in frustration.  “About three years.  It’s not something you want to advertise, Den.  You know how people are here — they expect you’re listening in on everything.”
She had a good point.  She was annoyed that she hadn’t shared this secret with her before, but she understood her reticence.  The last thing she wanted to do was infringe on someone’s privacy.  “Okay,” she said.  “It’s…good to know.”
“Thanks,” Amna said, and turned back to her, flashing a lopsided smile at her.  “You didn’t answer my question.  Who was that woman?”
Denni weighed her options before answering.  How much could she tell her friend?  How much could she trust her?  “Some Mendaihu, I think,” she said finally.  “Very distant relative, wanted to talk to me, apparently.”
Amna frowned at her.  “Come on, I know you better than that.  You know who she is, girl, I could tell.  She was a lot more than some woman, wasn’t she?”
“I…” she shivered.  “I know who she was, but I can’t remember…”
“No need to remember, Den,” she said.  “Think of the name and follow the instinct, that’s what I’ve always done.  If anything, you’ll know where you’ve heard her voice before.”
Denni thought about that for a moment, and closed her eyes.  She focused on the sound of Ampryss’ voice, the familiarity of it.  It somehow reminded her of a garden of roses and other flowers, and a long and flat stretch of green lawn stretching towards a line of trees.  She knew this place, she’d been there before, talked with Ampryss many times, in her dreams.  She knew this place, knew this woman…
Dennise Johnson…Denysia… she heard.
Denni stopped cold.  Oh goddess, she thought, with a sudden chill.  I do know that voice…
Denysia, it had said the night of the Awakening ritual, the night she had woken Caren up.  It was not the voice that had said awaken — that had been Nehalé Usarai’s — but the voice that had spoken within immediately after.  She had heard it in her waking consciousness, thinking it had been Caren at the time.  She had completely forgotten that the voice had been real and not Caren at all, but the soothing voice of Ampryss.  Of Ampryss awakening her spirit.
Denysia…my Dearest One.  You have Awakened, she had said.
Not ‘one,’ but One.  The One of All Sacred.
Oh Goddess, she whispered both aloud and within.  I am…  Her heart fell…it couldn’t be true!  Oh Goddess, it can’t be true!  She opened her mouth to scream but only a tiny, pathetic whimper came out.  Hot tears formed at the corners of her eyes.  She couldn’t be here, not now.  Not with Amna.  She had to be home — no, she had to be with Caren.  Karinna would know what to do…she caught her breath again, but it was too late…she was falling.  She felt herself pitching forward as if she were about to faint, only to jolt backwards and hit her head against the cold tile wall.
“Denni?”  Amna’s voice was crystal clear, quiet and soothing, bringing her back down to reality.  “Come on, girl, I’m here.  Talk to me.”  She had thrown an arm around her shoulders and pinned her up against the wall to keep her from falling.  Denni grabbed at Amna’s shoulder, grasping it tight, in effect pulling Amna along with every move she made.  She opened her mouth to speak, but it was too late.  It was all too late.  She gasped for air, each successive breath becoming harder and further away.
Amna!  She managed to cry out her name within, hoping she would hear.  I’m…
Denysia, I’m here for you.  Her friend’s voice echoed in the far reaches of soulhearing.
I…I’m sorry…my sister…she’s coming for me…
Denni felt a sickening lurch as the floor dropped out from under her, and all was Light.

*

Denni stepped out of the Light and onto the grassy knoll of Branden Hill Park.
“Uh…” she said.
Branden Hill Park?  How the hell did she get there?  And why there, of all places?  She was at her school in Berndette Corner’s west side just a couple of seconds ago, before she…before she what?  Did she faint?  She squeezed her eyes shut then opened them again, looking around.  She was still standing in the middle of Branden Hill Park, about halfway up the slope to Jamison Avenue and about fifty yards from Park Street to her right.  At least five miles away from where she’d been just moments ago.
She was facing eastward, in the direction of the Mirades Tower, and it was in such sharp focus it hurt to look for any length of time.  She tried focusing on something closer: the grass she stood on.  It too dipped and swayed in the breeze as if she could feel the life force moving through each blade, even those under her feet.  It rushed through her with such incoherent completeness that her head spun and her knees buckled, her body dropping to the ground.  Not an injuring fall, she thought with some relief, but a painful and embarrassing one nonetheless.  She pushed herself back up slowly, determined to figure out what the hell was going on.
She couldn’t figure out why or how she had traveled halfway across the city, leaving her with a severe case of vertigo.  She tempted fate and managed a look around again, taking time now to adjust to each object.  The edges of the tenement rooftops at the bottom of the hill were just as sharp focus as the Mirades Tower a few miles away.  It messed with her sense of depth, but not nearly as much as she’d expected.  This was a vivid clarity of her own soul, of her thoughts and emotions, the physical clarity a side effect.  This perfect eyesight, which made absolutely no sense to her logically, could only mean one thing, and that fact made her both giddy and nervous at the same time.
She looked around at the cars and the people around her.
Light.
She saw university students walking to and from classes.  She saw men and women strolling on errands or on their way to work.  She saw a young couple in love, walking hand in hand and talking as they headed towards the subway station at the park corner.  She saw commuters in their transports and on their bikes and boards, intent on their destination.  She saw a young child being dragged along against her will by her impatient mother.  The child abruptly turned and stared at her for a moment, acknowledging her presence with boggled surprise.  In each and every one of these people, she saw Light.  She saw the glittering virgin white of their souls.  She read their emotions, she heard the thoughts, and she sensed all of them.  She sensed All.  And throughout, she remained utterly calm and still.  In the midst of it all, she felt Love.  She felt their Light.  And she accepted it.
I am the One, she reminded herself…but still she could not quite grasp the idea.  She couldn’t understand what that meant.
“Ampryss?”  She called her name again, louder.
Yes, Denysia?  Ampryss’ voice floated in somewhere to her left.  She turned, but could not see its origin.  She continued to look as she spoke.  She knew the answer to the question she was about to ask, but needed to hear the answer just the same.  If she was correct, then everything that Ampryss had told her or implied, everything that Caren had told her…then it was all true.  She had been awakened, not just because countless other people had been in the last few days.  It had been done for a reason.  She was the soul of the One of All Sacred in its ninth revelation, here on Earth.
“Am I…am I in Light?”
Ampryss did not answer right away.  Yes, Denysia.  You are.
“Oh Goddess…” she breathed, the expectant chill racing down her back.  “Then it’s true.”
Ampryss did not answer.  She didn’t need to.  “Why?” Denni cried out.  It was the only thing she could say, for it managed to encompass every single question she had wanted to ask.  Why had she been chosen?  What was expected of her now?  Why was she here in Branden Hill Park?  Why this park in particular and not the Crest or Ormand Street Park, nearer to her own neighborhood?
I bring you here for your own protection, Ampryss said.
Protection?  Was there a soulsenser out there, a nuhm’ndah trying to find her?  A wave of panic rushed over her.  Caren’s words may have been truer than she had expected.  The nuhm’ndah were hunting down the One in order to prevent the Ninth Coming.  She realized her own life was in jeopardy now, simply because she had awakened.  Could Mum and Dad have known this?  Was this why she was never told she was Mendaihu?  What else hadn’t she been told until now?
“Why the nuhm’ndah, Ampryss?  Why are the nuhm’ndah attacking?”
There was no response.
“Ampryss, answer me!”
Her voice sounded faint against the howling echoes of the Sprawl.  The voices and sounds she thought had come from the city’s ambient noise had now become a low, distant thunder that reverberated in her ears.  Here in the Sprawl, the rumbling grew louder the longer she stayed in the park, and her sharp vision left a lingering uneasiness in her stomach.  She whirled around again, trying to pinpoint Ampryss’ location.  The woman had said she was on Trisanda right now but she had also said she was nearby, at least in spirit.  And if she was going to find her, it wasn’t going to happen if she couldn’t concentrate.  She’d have to calm down first.  
She’d been placed here in the park for a good reason, and not for safety.  If she really was the One of All Sacred, odds were good she wasn’t going to find a hiding place on this good Earth any time soon.  There must be a number of Mendaihu Gharra nearby, already guarding her from a distance, ready to make themselves available at any given moment.  A hollow relief, as she would never quite know who they were until that moment they were needed.  There had to be a reason…
This has to do with Caren’s case, she thought.  The church, the hrrah-sehdhyn…
“Ampryss…?”  She could barely hear herself now.
I am here, Denysia.
“The souls of others,” Denni said.  “That’s it, isn’t it?  The nuhm’ndah are taking the souls of others…before they’re awakened.  They’re trying to stop the One of All Sacred at the source, aren’t they?”
Yes, Denysia.
Denni hugged herself close, chilled by the cold winds rolling over the park slope.  “Why?”
Ampryss’ voice let out a long, slow sigh.  That I do not know, my dear.  No one knows as yet.  They are cho-nyhndah, but they are the imbalance in the universe, tamed only by the Shenaihu, as the Mendaihu have the kiralla.  They are both former soldiers of a long since ended war. It seems this war has not ended for them at all.
Denni let out her own slow breath, holding herself close.  There was no political, religious, or even logical reason for the Shenaihu or the Mendaihu for being here, let alone the nuhm’ndah or the kiralla.  The Meraladian race had brought this otherworldly spiritualism to Earth, or rather, had awakened the Earth to its ancient fate.
“This doesn’t make any sense at all, Ampryss,” she said.  “These two factions of spirits…these two energies that are really one in the same.  Maybe you’re not asking the right people.  Or maybe the wrong people are asking.  If it’s a balance you want…”
Ampryss sensed her anger and lightened her own.  I agree, she said. But that is easier thought than acted upon, Denysia.
“That’s bullshit and you know it, Ampryss!” she cried, and didn’t care if anyone heard her.  “If we can set aside differences for peace treaties during wartime, then for Goddess’ sake spirits can!”
…I’m afraid that’s not—
“Give it a shot, my friend Ampryss,” she said acidly.  “You don’t need the One of All Sacred to iron out petty differences.  All you need is your own spirit to do that.”  The temperature suddenly dropped significantly.  Denni could see the people around her — bodies illuminated by their own auras and waveforms — speeding up in their motion, heading for the nearest cover from an oncoming rainstorm that had not even reached them yet.  She herself had started pacing, waiting for the end of this conversation so she could return, if she could, to the warmth of her own body and the school in Berndette Corner.
Close your eyes, Denysia, Ampryss said.
“Why?” she frowned.  “What are you going to do?”
Please.  I beg you.  I must show you this.
“Now what?” she said.  “Ampryss, I really need to get back.  Caren’s probably looking for me — ”
Denysia!  Now!  Her rough tone took Denni by surprise and she shut her eyes instinctively, and immediately regretted it.  She lost her balance and flailed her arms again, expecting to hit the ground, harder this time.  Her feet kicked out from under her, but when she didn’t feel the ground right away, she screamed.
“Ampryss!” she cried.
There was no answer.
Karinna, she breathed.

*

Denysia…
Denni woke up with a snort.  She felt her own body and nothing else.  “N-no, I won’t,” she said, her voice a pathetic whimper.
Denysia!
“No!” she cried.  “Leave me alone!”
Open your eyes, child.
“Ampryss!” she screamed.  “Stop it!  Stop this now!  Take me back!”
No harm is coming to you…please!  Open your eyes!
Denni cursed.  A cold pain stung her skin and she could not regain her balance, as if she had continued falling into poor Amna and fell further into a black ocean.  She inhaled…pure oxygen.  Its chill combined with her weightlessness disoriented her, mind and body.  Her throat began to convulse in dry heaves.  She was coming back into consciousness.  Perhaps she had fainted after all?  She reached her hands out for some solid object, a bed or a wall or even the floor, but felt nothing.  Her eyes had remained closed, and she would keep them that way until she knew where she was.  After a long moment, however, she felt a strange yet comforting warmth, behind her and to the right.  It enveloped just that side of her body, and for a moment she felt the sensation of moving, or being moved.  She tried to focus on it, but it had stopped as soon as she had noticed it.
“Where am I, Ampryss?” she called out.
In solitude, Dearest One.  Nothing shall harm you here.
Giving into skepticism and a wavering trust in Ampryss, she opened one eye.
Then, in complete shock, the other.
The first thing she saw was the curvature.  Far off in the distance she saw the intricate cloud patterns stretching over the central American provinces, the clear, flat farming plains, the dark waves of the Appalachian range…then finally the eastern shore, directly below.  There, about halfway down that coast...Bridgetown, her home.
So small, so beautiful.
Earth loomed before her.  The warmth behind her had been the radiant energy of the sun, unhindered by the atmosphere.
“Oh…”  She could not finish her words.
I am with you, Dearest.
She flailed with little success to move — down?  Away?  Anywhere other than where she was!  A violent chill overtook her body as she tried turning away from the impossibility of what she was seeing.  The Earth!  She shut her eyes again, refusing to believe any of this.  The Earth!  She was above the planet.  So high!  So high…
“Ampryss…” she said.
I am with you, Ampryss repeated.
Earth, she thought.  She breathed deeply, then once more.  Goddess…!  She opened her eyes again.  Earth.  Peace and Light, she reminded herself.  Love, Peace, and Light.
Such a small planet in the universe.  Such an impossibly beautiful world.
Denni exhaled a third time, then wiped away a stray tear.  Earth.
“Home,” she whispered.
Gharra, Ampryss said.  Home of the Trisandi lineage.  It is yours, Dearest One.
“Goddess…!” Denni said in exasperation.
Gharra is a promised land, Denysia.  It is the destiny of the One of All Sacred to stand vigil, to protect it from harm.
Denni furrowed her brow as she began to move her arms and legs slowly, as if she were underwater, to get the muscles moving.  “And I am the One?” she asked.
We are all part of the One.  You are just the embodiment of the whole.
“So what I am…”
…reflects all that you see below you, Ampryss answered.
“And I see…”
Points of light too numerous to count, scattered all over the American continents and even into the seas and into space, blinked into existence all at once.  Denni caught her breath as the points of light flashed at her, threatening to incinerate the planet, then softening to a subtle pulsing.  She stared at her planet, in particular at the seaside city-province of Bridgetown, the land where she lived, halfway down the eastern coast.
She felt herself being drawn closer as she focused on her city.  She figured out how to control her movements…it was intent.  The unspoken half of the Anjshé language.  With a bit of bravado she made a sharp dive towards the city, focusing in on it until most of the eastern seaboard was within her focus.  Again, she caught her breath.  A soft pulsing of life energies that dotted the landscape, covering all the city-provinces and even scattered patches of Wilderlands…the energy waves expanded outwards from Bridgetown, sparking off yet more Light energies each time the wave washed over a city, an outpost, or even a Free City.
They’re still awakening, she thought.  It hasn’t ended yet!  “Ampryss?” she called out.
Yes, Denysia?
“Is this true?  Is the Awakening still in process?”
It has not ended, this is true.
She willed herself to a stop and hovered there, still miles above the city.  With a shudder, she spoke out loud: “I must contain it.”
A sound resembling a gasp emanated from her spirit guide.
“Ampryss,” she said, knowing the woman wouldn’t dare question the One of All Sacred in any way.  “Listen to me.  We can’t awaken everyone at once!  Do you realize what would happen?  Most of these people wouldn’t be able to handle the change!  Even if the One — even if I were to teach them all myself somehow, most of them are going to suddenly be full of all this…this…”  Denni stopped, still gazing over Bridgetown.  With another arcing of her body, she focused on her sister and began moving towards her home.  At the same time she directed her thoughts to Ampryss.
I’m only guessing, but since I’m the One of All Sacred, I’ve suddenly become sensitive to all these Mendaihu and Shenaihu powers that I have no real understanding of at this time.  Can you imagine someone down there, going through the same thing I am?  I don’t even know why I’m capable of dealing with this Awakening, Ampryss.  Surely I should have lost control sometime earlier this morning.  Instead, I feel peace.  I’m at peace with myself.
I guess that’s the key, isn’t it?
She was getting closer now; the NewCanta Strip, of which Bridgetown sprawl was the southernmost province, began to reveal its contours and details.  One by one she began to recognize landmarks and general destinations until she could make out the shore-hugging sprawl of Bridgetown itself.  Larger landmarks such as the Crest, Sachers River, and the island at its mouth, became more recognizable as she drew closer.  Her skin was warming up, the cold emptiness of space replaced with the warm atmosphere, and her focus getting sharper than ever.  At once she realized, upon seeing the pulses of light as well as the focus, she was still in the Veil.
She saw the tip of the Mirades Tower looming ahead of her when she had an idea.  She refocused herself to move back towards the park, and all was Light. 








CHAPTER TWENTY
Mendaihu

A brilliant streak of white light appeared in the sky from out of nowhere, tore its way past the top of the Mirades Tower, made an impossible yet graceful curve around it, then lifted and soared over the Sprawl again before touching down somewhere in Berndette Sector, all in the span of five seconds.  It was over before Kai had even registered what had happened.
“Pashyo!” she exclaimed, feeling a sudden wave of energy cresting over her own spirit…the aftershock of what she’d just seen.  She shuddered and turned to the others in the car.  “Did anyone else see that?”
Poe shot a quick glance at her as he drove on.  “See what?”
Instead of answering him, she shifted in her seat and stared at her brother.  Ashan stared back, breath held and hands gripping the back of her seat.  He did not answer right away, instead turning to Caren.  She had remained aloof, staring blankly out the window.  She seemed to be content enough that they were driving to Berndette Sector to pick up Denni from Ormand Park School.  She had to have sensed it as well, but she was showing no reaction.
“I certainly felt it,” Ashan said eventually.  He took an uneasy breath and closed his eyes.   “I’m going in.”
“Wait!” Kai said, grabbing his hand.  “Are you sure it’s safe?”
“Kai —” he began.
“I saw it with these eyes, Ashan.”  She gestured at her own irises.  “I saw it before I even sensed it.  If it bled over into this reality, it could be anyone.”
“What did you see?” Poe asked again, a slight irritation in his voice.
“A streak of light,” she said, glancing quickly at him.  “Like a se’nyhndah, a Lightbody.  Souls that can travel completely on Light energy.  Immensely strong spirits tend to leave light bleed when they travel, whether it’s intentional or not.  Never thought I’d see it, though…”
Poe bristled.  “Are you sure it was a Lightbody?”
“It must be,” Ashan said.  “It felt like…”
“Like a ripple in timespace,” Caren said suddenly.  “Bending reality.  Like blurring the line between Light and Life.”
Kai gaped at her.  Caren had not said a word, let alone show any emotion whatsoever, since they’d spoken with Kindeiya Shalei.  His words had taken a lot out of her, and she had retreated far into her own thoughts and emotions, letting no one in.  Kai reached over the seat and let her hand hover in the air for a second before touching Caren’s knee.  Ashan placed a hand on top of hers.  Double protection.
“You sensed it,” Ashan said.
“I sensed her,” Caren answered, and faced him with reddening eyes.  Her voice was trembling.  “I sensed Denni.”
“Poe,” Kai said, glancing at him.
“Yeah,” he said gruffly, and headed for the curb.
Caren took an uneasy breath.  “She’s that light…the se’nyhndah.  It had to be.”  She quickly wiped away a tear with the heel of her palm.  “I know my sister’s spirit.”
Kai nodded silently, and turned forward again.  She understood Caren’s reticence now.  She wasn’t cutting herself off from them because she was afraid…she was holding back, keeping her own spiritual energy in check.  She was extremely vulnerable right now, almost as much as Denni was, and she didn’t want anyone else coming to harm.  Not under her watch.  Kai understood this, because it was a Mendaihu reaction, and Caren knew it instinctively.
Karinna, she said, directing her voice only to her.
What, she answered.  Her voice was an unsteady monotone.
I believe she’s trying to keep you safe.  Let her.
“Wh— ” Caren started aloud.  Keep me safe?  A crooked smile of surprise and amusement crossed her lips.  Okay…I understand.  She turned to Ashan.  “Go.  We’re right here.   Just promise me you’ll tell me what she’s up to.”
“Of course,” he said, eyes already closed.
“Poe, keep heading up to Ormand Park School,” Kai said.
“Got it,” he said.  He was ready to shift back into traffic, when his comm went off.  He pulled it out of his jacket pocket and upon checking the number, cursed aloud.
“What?” Kai said.
“It’s Matthew,” he said flatly.  “One of our street contacts.  Always a sense of timing, that kid.”  He threw on a headset to free his hands, turned on the phone and answered while he pulled back into traffic.  It was mostly a one-sided conversation, one that Poe seemed hesitant to have.  He nodded and replied with one or two words or grunts, but for the most part remained silent as he drove.  It wasn’t until he reached the next stoplight that he told Matthew where he was.  Kai listened to him with concern, and reached out a hand to touch his shoulder.  He responded to her touch, much to her surprise, by covering her hand with his.  His touch was surprisingly gentle.
Confirmation, she thought, seeing that word in his eyes.  It had been Denni after all, and this Matthew knew about her, and who she was.
Poe finished the call and tore the headset off in a fit of anger.  “Damn it!”
Startled, she pulled her hand away.  “Alec—”
“Wait,” he said, holding up a hand at her.  “Just…hang on a second.”  The traffic light had changed, and he pulled forward slowly.  A slow trail of anger emanated from him, but he held it close.  He faced her again, this time with a calmness she didn’t expect.  “Kai, I want you to soulsense for me.  Matthew says there are nuhm’ndah in Berndette Corner, and they’re zeroing in on Denni’s spirit signature.  I need you to tell me where they are.”
Kai gaped at him.  “Alec, I don’t know if I —”
“Faith,” he said, grabbing her hand and squeezed it.  “Faith in yourself, kid.”
Faith… she mused over the word for a moment until she realized she had no idea how to respond to that.  Faith!  What a strange thing to say.
She closed her eyes and relaxed her muscles, and all was Light.

*

There were too many flashes of light in the immediate area to discern one person from the other in this neighborhood, and that was the one negative aspect of entering Light in such a populated area, but Kai soldiered on.  She sat perfectly still in the moving car, fully conscious of both this reality and the elsewhere.  It took nearly all of her energy to filter out the white noise and achieve that perfect balance.
She checked in on her brother first.  Ashan sat in a near-catatonic state in one reality, while in the other his spirit flickered as he searched for the elusive Denni.  Caren sat next to him in the back seat of the car, holding his hand tightly and stroking the small hairs on his wrists with her thumb.  Her first concern, and rightly so, was with her sister, but at that very moment she watched over Ashan like the Protector that she was, guarding his Mendaihu body and soul.  Kai sent a wave of recognition her way, thanking her for her selflessness.  Caren sent the wave back subconsciously, with an added amount of energy…she had chosen to protect her as well.
Ashan, she called out.  His aura rippled in response, an ethereal bluish-white mist surrounding his body.  His spirit signature was stuck in an excited state, jumping from one emotion to another, attempting to focus but never quite getting there.  Ashan! she called a second time.  His aura rippled again, this time followed by a quiet hum.  It took a few tries, but he was coming back.  The ripples eventually ceased and he was calm.
Taftika… he breathed.  She’s returned to the school.  She’s okay…but she’s in trouble.
Kai’s heart dropped.  Let me talk to her.
She doesn’t know you, Ashan started.  She won’t recognize you.  She refused to talk to me.
“…find her soon,” she heard, from Poe.  His jittery aura, pulsing between dark red and a light blue, rumbled next to hers.  “…almost there.”
“School,” she muttered between the two realities before fading back into elsewhere again.   Ashan was still having trouble holding onto a stable foundation, the winds of countless spirits had grown turbulent.  There was so much noise here in this neighborhood, much more than there should have been.  She tried again, this time reaching out only with the gossamer thread of her consciousness.  She aimed it towards the school, and felt the invisible energy pushing at it, forcing her back again.  Something or someone was keeping her from moving in Light…but why?  Was Denni doing this?
Yes.  Denni was not only protecting her sister, but everyone in the city.
She caught her breath and fell awkwardly out of Light and back into her reality.  Opened her eyes and felt her temple resting up against the window, her head lolling back and forth from the movement of the car.  Breathed in again, and with a slight pain in her skull, pushed herself back into the seat.
Mendaihu Gharra, she thought.
“She’s at the school,” she heard Ashan say behind her.  “I’ve tried to contact her, but there’s too much noise...”  He had meant to say more, but he had stopped midsentence, the point moot.  They knew what was happening, in the midst of all this chaotic energy, in the midst of the nuhm’ndah on their way to capture Denni, in the midst of the growing number of Mendaihu and Shenaihu at the Waterfront.  Denysia was now the Ninth Embodiment of the One of All Sacred, and she was exacting balance on everything, whether she fully realized it or not.
Kai closed her eyes again and concentrated, willing away the white noise of all the excess energy.  Denysia?  she called out tentatively.
Again.  Denysia?
Once more.  Denysia!  Can you hear me?
I hear you.  Denni’s voice, small and frail, burrowed through all the static and caught hold.  I hear you…you are someone new.  Who are you?
Akaina Shalei, she said.  You may have heard my brother Asyhntoya calling you.  I am here with Karinna.  Are you safe?
Karinna!  Denni gasped in horror.  Oh goddess, I’ve got to get to her…
Kai bit her lip.  Whoa!  She’s all right.  She’s with me.  Alec is here as well.
Karinna!
“She’s losing focus,” Kai said to no one in particular.
Akaina?  Are you still there?
Yes…  Kai was suddenly aware that she had taken hold of Poe’s jacket sleeve.  She softened her grip and forced herself to breathe evenly.  She closed her eyes again, trying to get at least some sort of mental picture, a remote view of what was going on.  It took her a few minutes to get a complete scan of the northern part of the Sprawl, now that she knew enough to narrow down her focus to include only Denni’s voice and any trace of the nuhm’ndah.  She focused on a dimmer Light and called out once again.
Denysia.  Are you aware of what’s happening to you?
A squeal of pain slipped out of Denni’s voice.  I think…I think I do. I know I’m the One.  The One of All Sacred…but what’s happening to me?  I feel…I feel like something’s invaded my head!  It…it doesn’t hurt, but it feels…I can’t focus, Akaina, it’s making my head spin.
Nothing can harm you, child, Kai soothed.  Light is flowing freely through you for the first time.  It can feel disorienting.  We’re coming.  We’ll be there as soon as we can.
Akaina!  Don’t go!  Talk to me!
I’m here, child, she soothed.  I’m here.  I’m not going to leave you.
“I can hear her,” she heard Caren say behind her.  “She’s in trouble.”
“She’s confused,” Kai corrected.  “She’s fully awakened now.  But she’s in no trouble.”
“What about…?” Poe said.
“The nuhm’ndah?”  She let out a quick laugh.  “She’s holding them back herself.”  Denni had no idea she was doing this; it was the Spirit of the One’s strength putting a damper on their sensing.  Kai’s reverie was short-lived, however, as she realized with a sudden fear that that had been the problem all along — Denni was accepting it all, even though she did not yet understand her own actions.  She was acting completely on faith alone.
“How close are we?” she asked Poe.
“About five minutes,” he said.
She nodded to him and closed her eyes again.  Denysia, she called out.
I’m here, the girl answered, obviously tired but sounding more relaxed.  I’m okay now…feeling better.
Good girl, she said, and breathed a sigh of relief.  Can you focus? 








CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE
cho-nyhndah

The light faded to a calm, enveloping darkness.  The turbulent ocean of noise receded into near silence, broken only by shallow breathing.  Denni regained her sense of balance and felt the ground slowly rising up to meet her again.  She felt cold tile on her back and the damp of a cloth on her forehead.  She felt a pain in her lower back, the remnants of the strain she had exerted on it during flight.  She lay there with a stupid half-grin on her face, trying to figure out the logic of that — she had flown.
Denysia?  Can you focus?
The sound of Akaina’s voice shook her completely awake.  Where was she?  Was she back at school?  Was Amna still with her?
“Ah…” she croaked.  “Amna?”
“I’m here.”
She opened her eyes with relief.  She had moved from the third floor restroom to a small, darkened room elsewhere in the school.  A faint smell of bleach and mildew lingered in the air.  The door was open slightly, letting in fresh air and a sliver of light that bounced against a large dented metal cabinet.  Definitely a janitor’s closet.  She turned again and saw the faint outline of Amna’s thin frame hovering over her, a wisp of black hair hanging over her right shoulder.  She was peeking through the narrow opening, keeping an eye out for anyone coming.
“Thanks,” she managed.
“Scared the shit out of me, Den,” Amna said in an exasperated whisper.  “What the hell happened?”
Denni?
I’m awake now, she said to Akaina.  Focused as I’ll ever be…  She frowned at the pain in her joints as she attempted to push herself up.  Back at the school.
“Who are you talking to now?” Amna asked.  “I can hear them.”
“Friend of my sister’s,” she said.  “They’re coming here.  They’re picking me up.”
“Thought I lost you for a moment there,” Amna said, and let out a quick snort.  “You’re awfully heavy deadweight, you know that?”
She gave her a feeble laugh.  “I know.  I’m sorry.”
Amna pushed herself off her knees and sat cross-legged on the floor.  She took Denni’s hand and squeezed it tight, her wordless show of affection and concern; the only way she ever truly showed those emotions.  She reached over and took the damp cloth from Denni’s forehead, tossed it into the sink behind her, and with her wet hand she pushed back the loose strands of Denni’s hair from her face.  Denni noticed, now that her eyes had adjusted to the darkened room, that Amna’s eyes were moist from tears.
So what happened?
Denni pursed her lips.  “If it’s all the same to you, I’d rather tell you out loud.”
Who was that?  Akaina popped into her head.  For the moment she’d forgotten she was still there.  She held up a hand at Amna to hold her thoughts.
Friend of mine, Akaina, she said.  She’s keeping an eye on me.
We’ll be there in a few minutes, she answered.  Can she stay there with you?
Amna nodded quickly.  Denni blushed in the semidarkness, not used to such loyalty.  She relayed the consent to Akaina, adding a special message to send to Caren, telling her not to worry, and heard nothing more.
“So?” Amna said, smirking.  “Are we going to stay hidden in here until your sister comes and picks you up?”
Denni sniffed at the tone of her comment.  “How long were we away?”
Amna checked her watch.  “A good half hour, I think.”
She laughed in spite of herself.  “Oops.  I’m sure we can find a decent excuse by the time we get sent to the office.”  With a final grunt she pushed herself up until they were both back on their feet, ready to escape the cramped closet.  She felt Amna by her side, arm around her waist, guiding her to the door, leading them back into dull reality.  Thankfully, no one had been in this hallway either, so anyone entering now would have seen a class rep walking an ill student to the nurse’s office.  Denni frowned, wondering why her friend was acting so out of character.  Showing flourishes of genuine emotion, going out of her way to take care of her, making sure no one saw them, moving as quietly as possible…on any other day, Amna would have done the same, but she would have made a production out of it in her usual boisterous way.  She appreciated the attention, but it was just so unlike her.
“I didn’t hurt you, did I?” Denni asked as a way to fill the awkward silence.  “When I fainted, I mean.”
“No,” she answered quietly.  “Shaken, more than anything else.  Um…you didn’t tell me what happened.”
Denni nodded.  “Just between the two of us, okay?  And aloud, because I don’t know who’s listening.”
Amna frowned.  “Den, if I overstepped a boundary —”
“No, no, that’s…that was fine,” she said quickly, her face hot.  “In fact, you pointed out something important.  If you could hear me, then anyone can.”  She paused again, letting out a long sigh.  “And I don’t think that would be a good idea right now, given the last few days.”
She told Amna all she could remember in the conversation with Ampryss and where she had gone and what she’d seen.  In retelling the events, she tried to understand them herself, wondering why she’d been able to do so many things she thought impossible, even for a Mendaihu.  Especially a Mendaihu with her incredible lack of experience.  She had understood exactly what was going on and what she would need to do next…but how did she know this?  Had she come up with it herself, or had the spirit of the One of All Sacred done that for her?  Who had been in charge then?
How had she been able to soar above the heavens and into near space to look over the entire planet?  And what exactly did she do, once she returned to Bridgetown?  It wasn’t her, mentally, that had made the decision to stop the awakening ritual; nor was it her idea to misdirect the nuhm’ndah that she somehow knew were in the area, triangulating her spirit signature in their attempt to kidnap her.  Or was it?
What had happened?  And why did her body feel drained of energy when her mind and spirit were radiant and overflowing with it?  She wasn’t fully in control of her spirit, not yet.  Balance…she desperately needed to find that balance in between.
Karinna, she thought, wishing her sister here as soon as possible.  Perhaps Caren could explain this duality to her.
“Denni?” Amna said after a long silence.  “I know it kind sounds weird, but…”  She paused again and blushed.  So totally unlike her.  “I…I need to come with you.  No, don’t question it.  I can feel it, Den.  I hear my soul singing, and it’s so loud right now.  I can’t…”  She caught her voice, forcing back tears.  “I can’t lose you right now.”
Denni caught her breath…she knew.  Goddess, Amna fully believe she truly was the One of All Sacred, and she wasn’t going to question it.  A hell of a lot was happening to her in a short amount of time, and Amna’s conviction only sealed this fate of theirs.  Neither had grown up second-guessing their own Mendaihu spirits, so she wasn’t about to question what Amna’s soul was singing.  She obviously feared for Amna’s own safety, but she also welcomed her.
“…taftika iedha,” she said quietly.  “You are always welcome.”
Amna did not respond, but only held her tighter.

*

“We’re almost out of time,” Denni said to no one in particular.
“We have more than we need,” Poe said and craned his neck back from the driver’s seat.  “According to Kindeiya, we have another four hours.”
Denni snorted.  “A lot can happen.”  They had been driving around aimlessly for two hours already, not really searching for anything, not even trying to find a place to await the inevitable…and she knew that she would eventually make her way to the Moulding Warehouse, even if everyone else tried to prevent it.  She dared not show her thoughts to the others, let alone tell them, but she’d immediately understood why she had to be there at that time.  It was all part of the delicate balance she had to protect.
Should she tell them that keeping her from her duties was pointless, that she knew she’d eventually fulfill Kindeiya’s prophecy, by whatever means?  She could go there now, at least through this newly acquired ability of Lightwalking.  This way she would be present, at least spiritually.  Just the idea of it exhausted her, however.  Her head was still spinning from the all the travel.  Even though she had regained her energy, her instincts told her not to waste any more.
Denysia.
She heard Caren’s soft voice calling within her.  She glanced around at the others in the car, wondering if anyone else heard her.  She was in the back seat, sandwiched between Caren and Ashan.  She half-smiled…it occurred to her that this car was probably the safest place in the entire Sprawl right now.
Again, she wasn’t quite sure how she knew this…just that it made sense.  It was that unspoken soulsensing that all Mendaihu had, of understanding the spirit and its intent.  She understood that most of all.  After a moment, she decided that it didn’t matter if the others heard them as they spoke within.  They knew well enough to honor their privacy.
Karinna, she answered back.
She felt Caren’s hand reach over and take hers, squeezing it once.  She smiled softly, like she always had done when she watched over her since she was small.  Always protective, always loving.  You may be the One of All Sacred, but you’re still my little sister, she said.  I can still kick your butt if you get out of line.
A snort of laughter burst out of her before she could stop it.  She felt her face redden, and again wondered if anyone else had heard that.  I’ll keep it in mind, she said, only half in jest.  She knew that, underneath this grand spectacle of religious fervor that would soon come to her unbidding, Caren would always see her as her little sister and she would never stop watching over her.

*

A half hour later they had made their way north on Krieger Avenue when Poe made the decision to go to the Crest.  She was relieved to be going somewhere rather than poking around the Sprawl for the next three hours, but she was more than happy to be going up to Breed’s Hill Park.  The change from manmade buildings to natural surroundings would be quite welcome.  
Out of curiosity, she asked Amna if she had ever gone up there; she had answered that she had driven by plenty of times, as a cousin of hers owned a small summer house not too far from the park.  As for the Crest, she had never actually climbed all the way up.
“It’s not so much a climb as a stroll,” Poe said.  “I go up there all the time to clear my head.”
Unexpectedly, Denni felt a connection, a thin strand of spirit between him and the Mendaihu agent.   Kai had given him a warm smile that he’d returned.  Nothing was said, but a connection had been made, a fresh one, and a strong one at that.  In spite of herself, she smiled.  Bless you, Alec, she thought, only to herself.  He certainly deserved it.  Bless the both of you.
Caren, in the meantime, had been glancing out the window at the passing buildings and markets, watching all the people walking the streets.  Denni saw a kind of resigned sadness on her face that she had not seen for a long time, not since their parents died.  She’d once again detached herself not only from the others but from her surroundings, merely going through the motions set in front of her.  She was on the verge of falling inwards again, just like she had done five years ago.  She had never properly come to terms with any of it.  The only thing that kept her from completely detaching from reality was her devotion, to her position as an Alien Relations agent and as older sister and caretaker.  She had never fully accepted her fate as a Mendaihu, and she definitely hadn’t come to grips with her little sister awakening to become a major deity.  Her own guilt, combined with the added stress of recent events, must be taking its toll on her.  Denni breathed out a long, quiet sigh and dropped her head onto Caren’s shoulder.
Hey, she said, focusing only towards her.
Hmm?  Caren shook herself out of her reverie and faced her.  The expression on her face was that of well-hidden surprise.
You know… she started, then paused.  She looked into Caren’s eyes, searching for that oft-seen tower of strength that her spirit held.  Denni knew it was there…it had always been there, through the worst of their pain.  She focused both eyesight and spiritsense towards her, and found it…in her heart chakra, right where it always was and always would be.  She focused the intent at that precise spot and started again.
Karinna… she started again.  You’ll never lose me, you know.  I know how you feel about Mum and Dad’s deaths.  You’re hurting enough for the both of us.
She stopped again, wondering what to say next.  They stared at each other, oddly without self-conscious discomfort, each wondering what the other would say next.  For a moment the rest of the worlds didn’t matter.  Denni didn’t care who else was sitting in the car or that any of this really existed.  Just the moment now, with the two of them together and feeling completely invulnerable to anything except their own emotions.  That moment was all that mattered between the two of them.  Denni reached an arm across and embraced her.
I promise, Karinna…I promise I will help you heal.  We both will heal together.
A stifled gasp slipped past Caren’s lips, a sound only Denni heard, and sent an intensely strong wave of love back at her.  Thank you, she said, offering a lopsided smile as she wiped away a tear.  She pulled Denni into an embrace and held her tight, and Denni knew she would never let go.  Not completely.
Denysia.  We must talk again.
“Oh, crap,” she mumbled.
Caren bristled; she must have heard the voice as well.  “What’s wrong?”
I heard you, she answered.  “It’s…it’s Ampryss,” she said aloud.
Caren paled.  “Ampryss?”
“She’s…” she stumbled again.  “She’s a spirit guide.”
“I know who she is,” Caren started again unevenly.  “She talked to me earlier...briefly.  I didn’t know she was the one who spoke to you that night.”
Denni sensed the ears of everyone in the car pricking up.  “I trust her.  Poe, she needs to talk to me again.  Are we almost at the Crest?”
Poe called out over his shoulder; even his voice had wavered at Ampryss’ name.  “About three miles to the exit.  We’re almost there.”
I’ll contact you in fifteen minutes, Ampryss, she called out.  She wanted to add more, but forced herself not to.
It is done, was the answer, and she left her alone.

*

Kai sat cross-legged on the rocky ground at the Crest, to Denni’s right.  Everyone had subconsciously stood or taken a seat on either side of the young girl, a miniature hrrah-sehdhyn of protection around her.  Her friend sat up front, Caren at her left, with Ashan and Poe taking up the rear.  Poe was nearest her, only a few short steps away.  She’d only noticed their positions minutes later when she felt a shiver through her spirit, when Denni had contacted Ampryss again.  
She glanced at Poe again, watching him silently.  He was looking out over the Sprawl with a different sight now…he was no longer up here to clear his head, not anymore.  There was a saddened look in his eyes, as if he understood what his city was about to face, and he felt powerless to protect it.  Tentatively she moved closer to him, sliding her arm underneath his and taking hold of his hand.  He looked down at their entwined fingers, first with an expression of surprise, then with genuine comfort.  His eyes met hers at the same time, for the first time intentionally.  Guiltily she peered through his hazel eyes into the shimmering light that was his soul…and realized that it was staring back at hers, searching and hoping for a love that transcended over all this.  With conviction she promised herself she would try to give as much as she received.
We do not need words, she thought, comforted by that.  Just ourselves.
Sitting on a boulder a few yards away, Ashan cleared his throat to make sure he had her attention.  Blushing, she covered her mouth to hide a giggle and faced him.  
She has been talking to Ampryss for the last half hour, her brother said.  But even I can’t hear a thing.  She won’t let us in.
Kai nodded, not knowing what else she could add.  Minutes after they had made their way up the winding path to the summit and settled on the rocks, Denni — who on first view of the Sprawl from this vantage point had stared in slack jawed and teary-eyed wonderment as if she had never been up here before — had suddenly grown silent and moved some distance away from the others.  She had found a seat that was a little too close to the Crest’s edge for Caren’s comfort, but had maintained enough distance to remain safe.  The young friend, Amna, had taken sentry position, sitting cross-legged on Poe’s outcropping of rock and enjoying the view.  The others had eventually taken their position soon after.
Amna can hear a little bit, Ashan said.  She said she had heard Ampryss at the school, just enough to feel a presence but not enough to understand it.  For Denni’s sake, she’s not saying anything until this is over.
Until what is over? Kai said with a little more edge to her voice than she’d intended.  This fiasco, or her conversation?
I do not know, he answered.
“What do you think?” Alec said.  Startled, Kai turned to him to answer, until she realized he’d spoken to Caren.  “Nice view, yeah?”
“Not bad,” she said, noncommittally.
Poe’s eyes suddenly sparkled.  “Hey, you know who’d love it up here?  Christine Gorecki.”
The mention of the woman’s name lifted Caren’s mood significantly.  “Christine!  Goodness, I haven’t thought of her in a long time!  Sure, she’d love it up here.  All the space and peace she’d need for her spiritwork.”
“I really should call her,” Poe said.  “I’d almost feel guilty if we didn’t involve her in this somehow.”  He turned to Kai and smiled.  “Christine’s one of the best freelance spiritworkers in the Sprawl.”
“Has she worked with the two of you?” she asked.
“Off and on,” Caren said.  “She used to be in the Branden Hill ARU, but she quit about six months ago and we haven’t seen nor heard from her since.”
“Her choice,” Poe added.  “’Spiritual burnout’ is what she told me.”
Caren turned back to the city, a somber look in her eyes.  “It’s truly a great view, but it would be better without the storm,” she said.  “Is that cell going to hit anytime soon, or is it just going to sit there over the suburbs?”
“NewsComm reported a light shower,” he answered.  “Though those clouds are a bit dark for it.  Don’t suppose this uprising has anything to do with it?”
Caren raised a skeptical eyebrow.  “Accumulation of spirit energy?  There’d definitely be some sort of disturbance, but nothing that big.  Kai, what do you think?”
“Could be, but I’m not sure,” she said, hating herself once again for not telling her the full truth.  “Although I’m not very good at reading residual energies as such.  You’d want someone who could read more closely than I could…”
“…like Nehalé Usarai,” Caren finished.  “I’ve thought of that.  Either way, it’s screwing up the launch-and-land windows for the Nullport, by the looks of it.  I haven’t seen a transit ship or a payload in the last three hours…and that’s not normal.   I know the weather’s bad, but not enough to warrant shutdowns.  Any more of this and we’ll effectively be cut off from the rest of the CNF.”
As soon as she had finished those words, Kai knew Caren had regretted them.
Poe finally answered after an uncomfortably long pause.  “Would the Shenaihu go that far?”
“It depends,” Ashan said coldly.  “But let’s not dwell on something that may or may not be true.  Besides, it looks as though she’s coming out of it.”  He lifted his chin up in Denni’s direction.  She had come out of her trance, peaceful as it may have looked to the others, shaken and wrapping her arms tightly around herself.  Amna moved in first, comforting her in her return, whispering calming words to her as she passed the waking state into full consciousness.
Aware that everyone was looking in her direction, Denni quietly stood up and stretched.  There was a strange calm about her, a peace that had risen above everything else, as if all the questions that had bothered her emotionally and intellectually had finally been answered.  The gesture of a soft smile as she looked in their direction was a blessing from her now, and they knew it.  She had uncovered the truth of the Mendaihu and the Shenaihu; it was beyond any simple explanation that she could give.  She would have to teach them herself.
“What time is it?” she asked.
Poe checked his watch.  “It’s about quarter to two.”
Denni smiled at him and with a few tripping hops over the ledge’s rocky covering she stood in front of him.  It was the adoration of a young girl who looked up to him like an older brother.  She wrapped her arms around his waist and buried herself into his uniform.  Surprised and touched, he reciprocated, encircling her with one arm around her back and the other clutching her opposite shoulder, just like he always did.
“Strength,” she said to him softly.  “Keep your strength, Poe.  It’s your greatest asset.”  She pulled out of the embrace, and made her way towards the spot she had taken earlier.  She stood there, back to the others, looking out over the Sprawl as if she commanded it, and nodded.  “It will happen,” she said out loud.
“What will?” Caren asked, making no attempt to hide her concern.
“The Shenaihu and the Mendaihu will reunite,” she said.
Both Kai and Ashan froze.  She glanced at her brother, but once again he was stone-faced.  She desperately needed to know what Ampryss had told her now; this had not been an expected move from the One of All Sacred.
Denni faced them without missing a beat.  The smile was gone, replaced by a sober acceptance.  “Not right away, of course.  And not without the expense of lives and spirits.  But if all goes according to plan, then there is little to worry about.  Which is why I have to be down at the warehouse at four.”
“What happens at four?” Ashan asked.
Denni flashed him a smile.  “You’ll know soon enough, sehnadha.  Everyone here will be a part of it.”
“Denni —” Caren started.
“Remember what I said on the way here,” she said, cutting her off.  “You won’t lose me, Karinna.  I’m always here.  You, of all people, will be there for me when I most need it.”
Caren started to ask, but thought better of it.  If Denni knew what was going to happen, then she would not bother asking.
“We should go now,” she continued.  “The earlier the better.”  She bounded back off the ledge and started down the descending path.  Amna followed quickly after her, wordlessly but with a wide smile.  The four adults remained there, feeling more than a little skeptical and unsure of what had just happened. 








CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO
Shenaihu - Mendaihu

“Let me tell you something,” Natianos said with a smile, and laid a brotherly arm around Janoss’ shoulders.  “This occurred to me some time ago, while I was sitting here in this very field of grass, contemplating the fate of Gharra.”
Janoss’ eyes lit up.  “How long have you been coming here?  I thought this was sacred ground!”
Natianos let him wonder.  “It is, my eicho.  Trisanda is indeed the most sacred ground in Meraladian existence.  We are always welcome to visit it, if we respect it.  May I continue?”
“Yes…yes, of course.”  Janoss lowered his head.  “Nyhnd’aladh, Dahné.  I am sorry for interrupting.”
“Thank you.  Now, it occurred to me…that if we, as Meraladians, do in fact have an ancestral link to Gharné humans, and that we, as Meraladians, are the more direct link of the Trisandi race, would it not be so that we should claim superiority?”
Natianos paused, leaving a long, uncomfortable silence between the two.  He could tell Janoss was formulating an answer that would neither sound blasphemous to the One nor betray his loyalty to the Shenaihu.  In his human skin, Janoss was sweating profusely, partly from the warm air but mostly from fear.  He let the man ponder a few seconds longer, just to realize the seriousness of the subject.
“That’s not exactly the point I’m trying to make, Janoss.  That was only the first thing I thought of.  There is also the fact that we can only visit Trisanda in our purest form, our True Self.”
Janoss gestured to his own simple human body.  “This is not my True Self, Dahné.  Our true Shenaihu bodies are kiralla in form.”
Again, Natianos laughed politely.  He had to hand it to Janoss; the man had intelligence, though unfortunately for him it was not always used.  “No, my dear friend.  That is the self-image of our Spirit once we step into Light.”  He quickly added, “And sometimes in other realities, if we so choose.  Just as the Mendaihu often choose the seraphic form.  It is a physical extension of how we see our own spirits.  I admit I chose my kiralla self to coax you to the upper floors of the Tower by way of fear.  But right now, as you stand here on Trisanda, everything you see, everything you envision in your mind as your self, is stripped away.  Trisanda only shows you the truth.  Look at me — I am but a man.  A tall man, as on Earth, but a man nonetheless.  Just as your appearance is nearly the same as it is on Earth.”
“I see,” he said.  “So why is it, Dahné, that you and I can come here so easily now?”
“The answer is simple,” Natianos smiled.  “It is because we have been fully awakened.  Gharné humans have not, due to their cultural evolution — religions, governments, cultures, social climes…all skewered their true history, both by direct and indirect means.  They have been distanced from us for so long that they do not remember.”
“Unless they are reminded somehow,” Janoss said.  “Perhaps if they are awakened by a ritual of some forceful magnitude…like Nehalé Usarai’s.”
“Precisely,” he nodded.  “And he’s planning to do it again.  He’s gathering Mendaihu from around the Sprawl as we speak.”  He explained the reason for the growing number of Mendaihu gathering in the Waterfront District at one unused warehouse.  He gave no clues as to what he thought about the sheer number of people in one place, though compared to the overall population of Bridgetown Central it was merely a small family reunion.  “There are claims that it’s under the guise of witnessing the Ninth Coming of the One of All Sacred, but I do not think that is his real motive.”
Janoss purposely avoided his glare by pacing back and forth in a small clearance in the field they stood in and working his jaw as if thinking deeply on all of this.  Natianos smirked, amused at his friend’s beleaguered attempts to constantly gain his favor; Janoss already had that, and had it ages ago, if he would only calm himself and notice.
“I’m sorry,” Janoss said, finally facing him, though his eyes still strayed away. “But I can’t think of any other reason why.  If the Mendaihu were gathering for battle as it were, first of all we would have seen proof already.  I’ve never known them to be agreeable to violence on a grand scale.  You know as well as I that our five-point response was just that — an equal Shenaihu response to a Mendaihu action.  I completely understand that edha Usarai’s actions at the cathedral were purely defensive.”
“That is why we are here,” Natianos said, grabbed him by the arm and gently pulled him along.  “Come, let us walk.  This planet is too beautiful to enjoy in just one spot.”  He led him down a small embankment and towards the sound of a nearby creek.  He said nothing the entire time, letting Janoss take in the scenery.  The man found considerable fascination in the wildlife that roamed nearby, clearly not expecting to find mammals similar to Earthbound bears and deer roaming in the same forest as Meraladian creatures such as the wolflike gundaevi and the feline jenha and not trying to tear each other apart in a territorial war.
“As soon as we return, we must bring our forces together,” he continued.  “Our nuhm’ndah brothers still occupy the areas surrounding the hrrah-sehdhyn points, but we must have more.”
Janoss grimaced, hiding his frown behind a hand.  “Could be viewed negatively,” he said after a few long moments.  “It would look too much like a battlefield.”
“So much the better,” Natianos smiled.  “If that’s what we have to do to get the point across.”
Janoss looked at him aghast.
“Understand this, my dear brother in spirit,” he warned.  “The Shenaihu are not to be deserted again.  Twenty-five years ago we tried again to reclaim our rightful place within the Realm of the One of All Sacred, and again we were shunned…nearly annihilated.  What the Mendaihu do not understand is that we truly are equals.  One cannot exist without the other, for everything would fall apart.”
Natianos paused, giving Janoss a brief moment to let it sink in.
“Look,” he said, pointing towards the animals.  The gundaevi had stopped near the creek and lowered its head to drink.  Not twenty feet downstream on the opposite side, the jenha had done the same.  “On Gharra, one would have picked up the scent of the other at a distance of at least twenty yards.  The gundaevi would have preyed on the jenha by now and fed on its carcass.  Yet there they are, sharing the same water.  Here on Trisanda, where all is truth, they are equals.  Their spirits acknowledge one another.  That is not to say that the gundaevi do not kill jenha at all — its instinct to survive overwhelms that moral standing — they do hunt each other…and it is accepted as a truth of Life.  Do you understand, my sehnadha?”
Janoss could not bring himself to look him in the eyes.
“Picture the Shenaihu as the gundaevi,” he continued.  “We prey, we kill, we feed…but all in the name of survival.  That is our inherent nature, Janoss.  The Mendaihu see us as cold-blooded and coldhearted.  We are just as vulnerable, just as spiritual as they are!  But they do not understand.  Or they do not care to understand.  We Shenaihuza felt abandoned when the Mendaihuza departed for Meraladh.  Why did they leave our second homeworld?  Come to think of it, why did they leave Trisanda in the first place?”
Janoss glanced at him in curiosity.  “Which continent are we on, by the way?”
The question momentarily took Natianos off course, but he recovered quickly.  “I believe we are on Gharra Shehiza, Janoss.  The larger of the five.  Why do you ask?”
“This place just seems so damn familiar to me,” he said, “though I’m not sure why.  I know I’ve never been here before.”
Natianos laughed.  “Ancient memories, my friend.  Everyone has them.  I’m sure if any Earth human were to come here, they would no doubt feel the same.  I felt the same thing when I first came here.”  He ventured a little further, seeing that Janoss was finally beginning to grasp what he was telling him.  “The Shenaihu and the Mendaihu were once a single sacred tribe of the One of All Sacred, Janoss.  You’ll forgive me if I misuse Earth mythological analogies here, but the idea is essentially the same.  From these two tribes the rest of the Trisandi race descended.  The two tribes lived here, on the Gharra Shehiza continent, in relative peace for thousands of years.  The One of All Sacred visited them numerous times, teaching them the ways of the Spirit, and reminding us — more of a constant nagging, really, if you ever read the Trisandi Texts — that Trisanda is the homeworld, our homeworld, and that we must never forget this ground we stand on.
“To reinforce that rule, the One of All Sacred then gave responsibilities to the two tribes.  The Shenaihu grew to be keepers of the planet, watchers of nature.  They were given the responsibility of maintaining the natural evolution of Trisanda.  That is not to say that great cities were forbidden…”  Janoss pointed off in the distance, what he believed was eastward.  “In fact, the great city of Bahn Dassah lies about fifteen miles that way.  Over time, the Shenaihu became the landowners, the farmers...the agriculturists keeping this planet as pristine as you sense it now.
“The Mendaihu, on the other hand, were chosen to be keepers and watchers of the people.  They have maintained their responsibility to this day, a quality that is quite commendable.  They became the civil leaders, the protectors, and the doctors and healers, all occupations that helped other Trisandi.”
“Fascinating,” Janoss said.  Natianos couldn’t tell if his tone of voice had been sarcastic or not.  “However,” he continued, “that doesn’t account for why the two are such spiritual and mortal enemies.”
He pointed at the two animals.  Both the gundaevi and the jenha were busy grooming themselves at opposite sides of the bank.  Natianos let out a piercing whistle.  The animals perked their heads up in alarm, saw the two humans, and darted away in separate directions.
“A division of souls,” he said.  “Somewhere, at some point, the two tribes split.  It could be that expanding skyward was the next logical step in Trisandi cultural and spiritual evolution, and the Mendaihu took to it more than the Shenaihu did.”  He watched the two animals continued to flee, soon lost among the trees and the underbrush.  “I’d like to think that our animosity was caused by something a little less trivial.”
“I would think so,” Janoss said.  “One would think that the expansion towards Meraladh was not a purely Mendaihu project.  There must have been Shenaihuza involved.”
“And Mendaihuza who were not,” Natianos added.
“Precisely.”
“There is no evidence to the contrary,” he said.  “All the spoken histories tell us of the bitter division that grew between the two tribes.  The Shenaihu are reportedly angered by the fact that they are left alone on Trisanda.  I for one would not have been, but considering the importance of the symbiotic culture at the time, I can understand.  The Mendaihu tried to maintain the connection across space, perhaps as a compromise or maybe even as a genuine attempt to keep everything as it was between the two tribes.
“This is where nulltech comes in, Janoss.  A combination of technical and spiritual energies that lets the spirit carry the body instead of the logical vice versa.  The spatial nothingness between the two points — the lack of space and time, I mean — is a highway for the surreal, the energies of the spirit.  It is how you and I have made it here to Trisanda.”
Janoss shot him a sarcastic half-smile, as if to say well that would finally explain things, and started towards the creek.  He bent over, cupped his hands, and lifted the cool water to his mouth.  Natianos was sure that was a calculated move, just to prove to himself that he was, in fact, on Trisanda.
“Does it taste any different?” Natianos asked.
Janoss popped his head up.  “Should it?”
“I wouldn’t know,” he laughed.  “I’m merely curious.  I haven’t drunk the water here yet.”
“Tastes okay to me.”  He pushed himself up, drying his hands on his jacket.  “So nulltech was their form of transworld communication and travel, right?”
“Yes,” he nodded.  “And there’s no proof to the contrary that it didn’t work.  In fact, it did quite the opposite of what the legends say.  Once they mastered communication and travel between Trisanda and Meraladh, there was only one logical next step.”
“Skyward again,” Janoss said.
“Gharra, to be exact.  Although, it was not the Meraladians who shot to Gharra…it was the remaining Trisandi.  The Shenaihu, the ones who stayed.”
Janoss stopped walking.  “The Trisandi?  But wouldn’t it have been shorter, going from Trisanda to Meraladh to Gharra?  Why would they make such an insane leap from here to there?”
Natianos shrugged, and gently prodded him forward.  “Again, I do not know.  Maybe to create a direct link.  The halfway point — Mannaka, in the Andromeda galaxy — is where they stopped temporarily.  It is unknown how long they stayed there, but Mannaka soon became one of the most important colonies in this part of the universe.  It’s now the main thoroughfare of the Crimson-Null Federation.  Personally, I believe the origin of our animosity comes from our time at Mannaka.”
Janoss frowned at him.  “How so?”
“At that time, the Shenaihu and Mendaihu were still bitter enemies.  Our histories concede to that.  But that does not explain how they came to be peaceful allies once we arrived at Gharra.  Something must have happened within the Shenaihuza tribe while at Mannaka, or Gharra would only be populated by Mendaihuza.  That is all I know, however.”
“So after a while, the Mannaki sent others onwards towards Gharra, correct?” Janoss said.
“Indeed.  They became the Earth humans you see today.  The Gharné are left alone for untold eras, creating their own civilizations, cultures and histories.  It isn’t until quite recently — close to three hundred years ago this October — that the Mannaki decide to contact Gharra again.  By this time, Gharra is now named Earth, and Earth has completely forgotten about us.”
“You said the Mannaki contacted Earth,” Janoss said.  “Forgive my boldness, my Dahné, I thought the Meraladians contacted them.”
“They did,” he said flatly.  “The Meraladians met up with the Mannaki later on, but before they re-established Earth contact.  In true Mendaihu form, they felt it was high time that we did so, and if we weren’t going to do it, they would.  This is central to my theory of the Shenaihu-Mendaihu split.  A Shenaihuza would not have given in to such bossing around so easily.”  He kept his own opinion on that subject to himself: they didn’t give them a chance to prove themselves, even though they sowed the seeds of thousands of generations.
“A matter of trust, perhaps?” Janoss ventured.  “Perhaps the Mendaihu didn’t fully trust the Shenaihu?”
Natianos grimaced.  “Possible, but highly unlikely.”
But Janoss was on a roll.  “Think about it, Dahné.  The Shenaihu were more in tune with nature’s spirits than they were with their own.  Perhaps the Mendaihu saw that as a flaw, a weakness if you will.”
Natianos scowled at him.  “Make some sense, will you, Janoss?  That goes completely against what we’ve been working for all this time!  Pashyo!  Our hrrah-sehdhyn would have been completely pointless if that were true!”
Janoss blanched, suddenly realizing his mistake.  “I am sorry, Dahné.”
Natianos brushed off the apology.  “We attacked, Janoss, because we needed to stop the Mendaihu before they get out of hand.  They’re trying to awaken everyone at once.  Do you realize what would happen if they succeed?”  Janoss chose not to respond, and Natianos answered for him.  “They Awaken to the spiritual side of the Mendaihu, Janoss.  Regardless of their Shenaihu influence.  Completely oblivious of the spirits of nature.  We’d have a planet full of egotistical zealots.  That is why we need to get a hold of the girl, Janoss.”
“The…?”
“Dennise Johnson,” he said flatly.  “The One of All Sacred.  We need her.  We all need her, to give us balance again.”
Janoss understood, and nodded silently.
“Let us return, Janoss,” Natianos said as they climbed the hill back to the clearing in the field.  “There is precious little time left.”

*

Nehalé was exhausted.  He needed to get some rest soon, even just to close his eyes for a few minutes.  There were now over five thousand people here, filling up nearly three-quarters of the warehouse, all under his care now.  Some had clustered into talkative packs in the vacant nooks where machinery once stood, while others had taken refuge within the remaining storage racks to create a flat house type of shelter.  Nehalé had made it a point to prove to these people that he was Mendaihu as they were, on the same level and not a prophet or elder above their stature.  He’d spent the entire afternoon making the rounds and talking with whoever wished to speak with him, and there had been many.  It had been slow going, but it had been worth it.  He’d also been able to get a bead on the signatures of a good number of people here.  He didn’t want a repeat of the church, or the awakening ritual.  He learned his lesson…he didn’t want to relive that knife-pain of spirit loss again.  If he lost anyone else, he needed to know who they were.
He returned to the main office area to calm himself down and relax, when he found Anando standing near the stairway, talking to two younger women who were listening to his words with middling fascination.  He grinned, wondering what the kid could possibly be doing to impress them, because it obviously wasn’t working.  He made his way over to them, but the girls had bid farewell and walked away before he could introduce himself.
“I don’t know how you do it,” Anando said.  “I could say the same words you do, with the same conviction, and yet you somehow win people over.  I just bore them.”
Nehalé laughed and patted him on the shoulder.  “You don’t bore them, my friend, you’re just not speaking from the heart.”  He prodded at Anando’s chest with his fingers.  “Your heart, Anando. Not mine, nor theirs.  It’s not about conviction…it’s about belief.”
Anando nodded and gave him a sheepish smile.  “I know...it’s just hard to explain what’s going on to those who may be unwilling to fully listen.  I’ve been talking with one of them off and on…Sonia’s her name.  I get the feeling she and her friend are here not so much to witness or be a part of the One’s return, but to find an opportunity.”
Nehalé cocked his head at him.  “How so?”
Anando hedged.  “I’m not sure.”
“Even if they were, what could they do?” he said.  “If that’s their plan, then they’re merely reacting.  Doing the same predictable thing they always do, and it’s something we count on.  Not depend on, mind you, but we can certainly use it to our advantage.”
Anando frowned at him.  “Yes, but what if this is different?” he asked.  “I’m not expecting the Shenaihu to take this gathering lightly.  Sure, I’ve been hearing the same rumors you have, but that’s not what’s bothering me.”
Nehalé nodded slowly, and directed him into the one of the back offices to continue the conversation privately.  “Of course the Shenaihu know what we’re up to,” he said.  “But right now, they’re too busy falling over themselves, trying to fix all the minor problems, and in the process they’re avoiding the larger one — we Mendaihu.  They’re too focused on their own side, grabbing the One of All Sacred and not paying attention to what would happen if they succeed.”
“You seem so sure that it won’t escalate,” Anando said.  “I may not be a truthseer, Nehalé, but I just don’t expect them to stay quiet.  Please tell me you at least have backup plans.”
As much as he wanted to reassure this young man that the probability of a fight was negligible, he could not do it.  He knew there were Shenaihu planted here in the warehouse already, but they were the least of his worries now.  When the girl arrived, when the One of All Sacred stepped through those doors in an hour or so, his role in this game would be over.  Anything else that happened would be the One of All Sacred’s doing.
Nehalé sighed.  “I can’t promise anything.”
Anando glared at him.  “You started this, Nehalé.  Don’t back out of it now.”
Those close-hitting words left him wincing, but before he could answer, Anando had turned and left.  He thought to call him back but chose against it; the kid had a point.  He alone knew exactly what he had to do to finish what he’d started, and he had purposely not given anyone the full details.  Any non-action on his part would have looked like inaction to anyone else, and in effect any explanation after the fact would have sounded like an excuse.  He forgave Anando his moment of frustration…the kid understood quite well what was going on and what he had to do on his own.  His words were borne of impatience and fear.  The awakening had affected him significantly more than he’d expected, and he was still flailing without a spiritual anchor.  He willingly accepted his current role, but it would take time for him to adjust.
He poked his head out one of the side entrances to check on the oncoming rainstorm.  It was yet to start raining but the darkening gray clouds were now directly above the Sprawl, and the temperature had fallen significantly.  He thought of the Rain of Light he had witnessed days ago, on the roof of his apartment in Branden Hill.  That delicate ballet of spirit energies dancing peacefully over the city, skimming the Mirades Tower, showering down on the Sprawl…the cycle had been healthy, growing stronger and brighter.  His original plan had been to let this Rain cycle and recycle itself until it grew and became self-sufficient enough to become a life channel for the recently awakened.  The hrrah-sehdhyn had affected the cycle somehow, perverted it, enough to affect the physical plane.  This was where he was at a loss…he couldn’t quite grasp why it had happened, and how he could stop it at this time.  An overwhelming sense of sadness and failure had washed over him, realizing the loss of innocence he had witnessed from that rooftop, and how he had not thought twice about it, too wrapped up in preparation for this so-called ‘spiritual war.’  Not even the knowledge that he would in just a few hours see the One of All Sacred, the savior he had worked for so long to bring into this world, could lift his melancholia.  The cold breeze picked up; suddenly shivering, he drew the collar of his jacket closer and pulled himself back into the building, and secured the door.
Somfei, edha Usarai.
Nehalé spun around, looking for the source of the unfamiliar voice.
Do not be so hard on yourself, edha, the woman said.  You are closer to the truth than you think you are, you just need to clear your vision before you can truly see it.
He scanned the crowd before him.  There were at least thirty people close by, and nearly all were distracted by their own conversations both within and aloud.  Eventually his eyes landed on a slender Meraladian woman, standing twenty feet away and separated from the crowd.  She was leaning up against a wall with her arms crossed and looking elsewhere, but he recognized her immediately.
Somfei, emha Udéma, he said, surprised and more than a little confused.  What was one of Governor Rieflin’s round table members doing here?
A smile crossed Mancka Udéma’s face and pushed herself off the wall, and made her way towards him.  She had a look of determination and conviction in her eyes, which made Nehalé nervous.  She might have been here to witness the return of the One, but she had more than just that on her mind.
“I admit I’m surprised to see you here, Councilor Udéma,” he said, bowing slightly in her direction.  She had a classic Mannaki build, somewhat taller and larger than a normal human but a much lighter skin tone than a Meraladian, and she was well toned in muscle.  For some reason he’d always imagined her as timid, if only because she was the quietest member of the Governor’s Council, rarely speaking during the Council’s public outings unless prompted.  The conviction she exuded made sense to him, now that he could sense her spirit so clearly before him…she was a true Mendaihu Watcher, listening and processing and only speaking when necessary.
“I assure you, I am here of my own will,” she said, and flashed another smile at him.  “I caught your speech earlier…”
“Oh?”  He offered his arm and walked with her back towards the mezzanine.  “I admit, it was a bit unrehearsed…”
“Sometimes the intent comes through clearer that way, edha,” she said.
“Please, call me Nehalé.”  He let her go first up the stairs up to the platform he’d stood on a few hours earlier, and followed behind.  “I must agree at any rate.  Had I come with a prewritten soliloquy, I’m sure half the crowd would have booed me off the stage.”
Mancka’s laugh filled the air.  It was a distinctively Mannaki laugh, a quick fit of high-pitched giggling and ending with a satisfied sigh, a trait he’d heard from no one except direct descendants of that outpost planet.  It was a trivial and unlikely trait that had no basis in fact except for in his own experience, but it had done its job; he had instantly felt relaxed and safe in her presence.  He played along, his mind already in motion.  Her ancestors must have been part of the first landing party on Earth, which said quite a bit; there was a good chance she knew the history behind the One of All Sacred on this planet.  As they entered one of the rear offices on the mezzanine, he asked her point blank about all this.
“Why yes,” she smiled.  “One of my matriarchs was a child at the time of the flight.  She eventually became part of the new provincial government, holding the same title I have now, for close to fifteen years.”
“You must be proud,” he said, profoundly impressed.
“Yes, I am.  It’s an honor to be doing the same thing she did.  Now, Nehalé…I must ask you a few questions, before anything else happens here.  I ask both as a Mendaihu, and as a Provincial Representative.  But I am not here to judge, edha.  I am a Mendaihu first and foremost…I observe.  I do not judge, lest I be judged.”
Nehalé appreciated her words, and had expected them.  “Ask away.”
She nodded, and took a seat on the edge of lone desk in the room.  She focused her eyes on the floor, taking her time to organize her thoughts before she spoke again.  “Nehalé…I must ask this.  Why are you summoning the One of All Sacred?”
Nehalé blinked, surprised by the simplicity of the question.  “It was prophecy, Mancka.  It was foretold by Kindeiya Shalei.”
He did not like her reaction to the name, but continued to tell her of his constant discussions both at the Mirades Tower and here in the Waterfront Sector.  Kindeiya Shalei was very blunt with his words, one who would foretell events as he saw them, without fanfare or flourish.  Because of this, he was not a very popular as a reality seer.  His discussions on the One of All Sacred bordered on fanatical, as if he’d been waiting impatiently for the deity much longer than he wanted to admit.
“Denysia has already awakened as the Ninth Embodiment then,” she said.
“Yes.  I’m unsure of her whereabouts, but Kindeiya says she will be here shortly.”
She seemed appeased by that answer and continued.  “I must also ask, edha…what really happened at St. Patrick’s?”
He consciously rubbed the fresh scar above his eye, and looked away.  So many lives, so many spirits forcibly pulled away…  “Is this for a report, or off the record?”
“Nehalé?” she started.
He glanced at her, then away again.  “I’m okay, Mancka.  They’re just memories I’d rather not have to relive so soon.”  He summoned up his courage, looked her in the eyes, and told his story.  He left nothing out, as he had no reason to keep anything from a Watcher of her stature.  He trusted that she would understand.  Once he’d finished, he remained quiet for a long time afterwards, and she did not prod him.  “The truth is, I’m not entirely sure what happened,” he said eventually.  “Or why.  If the Shenaihu want the One of All Sacred so badly…taking her by force has to be one of the most miscalculated ideas I’ve ever seen.  Perhaps with your background you can explain that to me.”
She reached out a hand and touched him on the shoulder.  “I promise I will.  But I must ask one more question.”
Nehalé nodded again, more exhausted than ever.  His fatigue added to the sadness he’d felt earlier, the antithesis of what he should be feeling, the elation and love and energy that saturated the air below them.  Instead, he felt dejected and completely alone.
“Nehalé…” she paused.  Her sudden silence disturbed him, and he was forced to face her again.  Compassion filled her eyes, as if realizing he had never known all the facts in this convoluted game of spirits, and chose to take pity on him.  He frowned, not exactly sure what to expect.
“Nehalé,” she started again.  “For this last question, we must go elsewhere.”
He completely understood, and closed his eyes…

*

…and opened them again a second later, to find himself in a wide field in the middle of a forest, lined with grass as high as his hips, and a breathtakingly blue sky above.  There were small, square clearings in this field, each connected by a long, curving path that led away into the forest.  Each clearing had a discoloration where the deep green grass had turned a wheaty brown and formed unique shapes and symbols.  He recognized these symbols as the emblems of the Clans of Trisanda…a few yards to his left, he saw the triple arc of the Lehanna clan, and a little farther on he saw the twin diamonds of Mancka’s clan of Udéma.  He and Mancka stood in the center of two intersecting circles, used for many things: the Shalei clan, the sigil of the Mendaihu, and the Trisandi symbol for duality.
Trisanda, he thought.  This was not Earth that he stood on now, he could tell just by sensing.  This was an altogether different place.  The dread he had felt upon entering the Light had vanished as soon as he had taken his first breath of naturally clean air.
“We are where we need to be,” Mancka said to his right.
“I thought so,” he answered, smiling.  He had not been that surprised that they would end up here; in fact he was quite pleased.  He’d only been up here in dreams, visiting his lumisha dea, but never physically.  He had never mastered Lightwalking long distances.  “The spirit winds feel very clean here,” he said.
She laughed.  “One way to see it, Nehalé.  I brought you here because I need your True Self to answer this last question.  Come…there’s someone I’d like you to meet.”  She took his hand and led him to the eastern edge of the field.  
The sun shone behind them at a lazy angle, suggesting it was late afternoon.  She wordlessly pointed out various things as she saw them…the clear blue sky above them, a gundaevi that had stopped at the edge of the field to watch them, and a bird that resembled a crow as it soared above the tree line.  Nehalé drank all of this scenery in and felt the most contented he’d ever been in his life.
Hra khera, hra mehra…at peace, he thought to himself.  This is the true homeworld, for it is at peace.
When they came to the edge of the field, the grass sloped down slightly and gave way to the forest in front of them.  The footpaths had all converged at a clearing in the woods and joined a dirt road that wound deeper into the forest, though any signs of transportation other than by foot had long since vanished.  This path curved as often as it lifted and dipped on the wild terrain, and soon he wasn’t sure which direction he was headed.
“Where exactly are we going?” he asked, but Mancka said nothing, keeping it a surprise.  Nehalé didn’t mind.  If it meant staying longer on this wondrous planet, he had no problems with that.
After a few more turns, Mancka abruptly stopped and left the road.  This second path, which had made itself visible after a few yards, rode a gentle curve and dropped down slightly as it went on before emerging on another clearing a good few hundred yards away.  It was here that Nehalé suddenly picked up the scent of burning wood and cooked meat, and he suddenly realized he hadn’t eaten in hours.  The thought of carnivorous people on Trisanda confused him for a moment, as it went against a longstanding myth, but only until the aroma grew stronger.  The burning, cooking meat of a beast grew stronger with each step he took.  His stomach began to rumble.
“She is here,” Mancka said as they walked into another and much smaller field, this one filled with shorter, darker grass, as if it had been someone’s back yard.  At the other end of this field he saw a giant bonfire, the trails of grayish white smoke lifting up into the sky.  Near the bonfire was a long table, with perhaps twenty or so people sitting around it.  Above the sound of crackling fire, Nehalé could just barely make out voices talking, their voices just above whispering.  Mancka moved faster now, eager to see whomever it was they were meeting.  Perhaps she had visited Trisanda countless times already and knew this woman well?
“…dehndarra Né hra nyhndah,” she said, when they came close enough to be heard and noticed by those at the table.  They all turned nearly in unison, most of them in midbite, and nodded or waved their hellos.  A tall, thinly bearded man with light hair stood and dropped his satchel on the table next to his plate, and made his way to them.
“Welcome to the Great Table,” he said in Terran English but with a very heavy Mannaki accent.  “I trust your travels were without incident?  My name is Dolan Usara.  Please, make yourselves comfortable.”  He gestured towards two spots on the long bench near the end of the Great Table.  Nehalé sat down across from Mancka, relishing the chance to rest his aching feet, and Dolan left to retrieve their host.
“Usara…” Nehalé said.  “I sense he is a cousin of mine.”
Mancka nodded.  “And I’m sure he senses the same thing.  No need for introductions here, Nehalé.  If they don’t know you by name, they certainly know you by spirit now.”
“They rely on spiritsensing that much here?” he said, more as an observation than a question.
“A taste of what used to be,” she said wistfully.  “And what may come.”
He considered that a playfully underhanded comment and chose not to reply back.
Minutes later, after someone had graciously handed them goblets filled with a sweet-tasting concoction for them to drink, Dolan returned with a young woman in tow, a thin and frail-looking woman whose face was hidden from them by the hood of her robe.  Long, full and fiery red hair streamed out from its corners, coming down past her breasts.  She held a half-filled glass of the same sweet wine between thin, delicate fingers.  Mancka quickly stood up to greet her.
“No, Mancka my dearest…” the woman said, her voice soft and kind.  She held up a hand to motion her back down.  “Don’t get up on my behalf.  I shall join you.”  She took a seat between them at the very end of the table.  It was then that she pulled the rolls of the robe’s hood back to rest on her shoulders. Nehalé caught his breath and stared at the young and startlingly beautiful woman smiling back at him.  Sparkling hazel eyes looked down upon him with compassion and peacefulness.  “Greetings, Nehalé,” she said, and rested a gentle hand on his.  “It is wonderful to meet you.  I’ve heard many great things.”
“You have?”  He blushed, awestruck by her beauty, warmed by her touch, and embarrassed by his complete lack of nerve.
“I am emha-sehndayen-ne Eprysia, Nehalé.  I hear everything,” she said.  “I am Ampryss, the Listener of Souls.  I listen to all the spirits that originate from Trisanda, so you can well imagine that there are more voices in my head than one could ever wish for.”  She smiled at her own self-effacing joke, and took a sip from her glass.  “I am not a Judge, Nehalé, but merely a soulhealer and, to some extent, a guardian.”
Nehalé brightened.  “Ah!  Ampryss!  I have heard your name spoken in many Mendaihu circles.”  He covered her hand with his in a sudden wave of renewed bravado.  “It is a pleasure to finally meet you!”
Ampryss nodded in acceptance and flashed a wide smile at him.  “You are here, my eicho, because you have put certain things in motion on Gharra that were a long time coming…things that should have taken place much earlier, but that is neither here nor there.  I have been talking with the young woman who has recently Awakened.  The dear child is The One of All Sacred in its ninth embodiment, as you are well aware.”
“Yes,” he managed.  “I have felt her presence.”
“I will speak her True Name, Nehalé, for I now know she is truly the One of All Sacred in her Ninth Embodiment.  Her name is Denysia Shalei si Emmadha si Dhumélis, and she is a direct descendant of the Imperial tribe of Shalei.  There has not been an Imperial since the second Mannaki embodiment, Andra Mayden, at least eight hundred Gharné years earlier.  She is also the first truly Gharné embodiment.”
“So I understand,” he said.
“Therefore, it is imperative that you guard her with all that you are, Nehalé.  There are forces out there who wish her dead.”
“Yes, I know.”
Ampryss’ hand tightened around his.  “I’m afraid you don’t, my friend.  At least, you don’t understand fully.  It is more than just the beliefs of two ancient tribes from Trisanda.  It is more than just the Mendaihu versus the Shenaihu.”
Nehalé bowed his head.  “I know that as well, Ampryss.  That is why I performed the Awakening when and how I did.  There are forces…spiritual forces on both sides that want Denysia, dead or alive, for their own reasons.  I am yet to learn what their motives are, however.”  Lifting his eyes to her, he was surprised to find her wincing and shaking her head at him.
“Nehalé, my little eicho…” she said sadly.  “My dear, it is far, far more than that.  What you have done…this ‘awakening,’ as you call it…has released more than you are willing to admit, even to yourself.  These spiritual forces you speak of are inside all of us, you see…every Trisandi, every Meraladhza, every Mannaki…and by consequence, every Gharné.  In awakening the One, you have, in essence, awakened most of Gharra in the process, and it is continuing.  Do you realize the extent of what you’ve done?”
In truth, he hadn’t.  How could he have known?  How could anyone?  He was only fulfilling the prophecy of Kindeiya Shalei and that of the One of All Sacred.  He needed no higher answer.  He had only imagined the consequences of his actions up to the point that the awakening would have affected the immediate Bridgetown Province, perhaps further out, perhaps to NewCanta and other sprawls, but no further than that.  He had vastly underestimated the situation, perhaps dangerously, and that had been the source of his current sadness.  The Embodiment of the One was so much more than just the beliefs of two ancient tribes.
“I’m beginning to understand,” he answered.  “But perhaps there is a way I can ensure we do not descend into chaos?”
Ampryss smiled proudly at him.  “Of course there is.  You must find the source of this opposing force, and join with it.”
Nehalé was not expecting that.  “Join with Natianos Lehanna?  We’d end up killing each other first!”  He had not meant to say that aloud, but he was too shocked to hold it back.  Never had the Shenaihu and the Mendaihu ever come to lasting, peaceful terms with each other.  But he had to remind himself: they’re the same as us, Nehalé…we’re both the same.  He needed to believe that before he could even start to logically find a solution to this problem.  How was he to meet Natianos Lehanna and explain what happened and how they both could come to terms with it?  He was sure that he wouldn’t even get past his underling, Janoss Miradesi, without more bloodshed…
“I understand your unwillingness to mend what you have torn apart,” Ampryss said, cutting into his thoughts.  “But you must have faith, dear Nehalé.  I have seen this faith in you before, as you defended a house of worship.  Your strength lies in that faith.”
Finally, Nehalé lowered his head again in acceptance.  Ampryss still held his hand, though not as tight as before, and now stroked it lightly in an attempt to soothe his defeat.
“He will not accept your reasoning at first,” she continued.  “And your path will most likely be blocked by others who will not agree to your terms.  Do not think ill of them, but do not dismiss them as harmless, either.”  She paused, cupping a hand under his chin and lifting it to hers.  She looked deep within his eyes and witnessed his fear…the uncertainty of what lay ahead, and silently prayed for him.  “There will also be forces that you do not understand, forces that could be the death of you and those around you, Nehalé.  You must remember that, above all else.  I suggest you at least keep your senses aware.”
With that, she stood; Mancka and Nehalé joined her as she began walking towards the other end of the table.  Halfway down, she turned and took Nehalé’s hands.  “I grant you Peace, Love and Light, Nehalé.  You have strength beyond your own imagination; I know you can do all that I ask.”
On impulse, Nehalé grasped her hands and kissed them.  “I shall do all you ask, dearest Ampryss.  Thank you for the illumination.  Peace, Love and Light to you as well.”

*

The sun began to set when Nehalé and Mancka reached the edge of the larger field where they had arrived earlier.  The sky had begun to glow in the many shades of dusk, from the rich oranges and reds of the clouded horizon to the deep navy blue of twilight, the first of thousands of stars making their presence known.  Nehalé gazed up at them, wondering where in this universe the great and wondrous Gharra spun silently and serenely, despite the tensions on its surface.
Answering his unspoken question, Mancka looked up herself, squinted in deep thought as her eyes skimmed over starpoints, and eventually landed on a milky-white smudge in the south-eastern sky, halfway towards the horizon.  “Gharra System,” she said, her voice no more than a murmur.  “Hiding somewhere in the Milky Way…right about…there.”
He looked up and stared at that smudge for a good few minutes.  There, in that corner of the sky, was his physical home, where his family and friends were.  Where all the souls he’d known resided.  He felt…not exactly humbled, but a little less alone now.
She smiled at him and tugged at his sleeve.  “Come, Nehalé.  We must get back to the warehouse.”
Nehalé nodded and followed her to the Trisandi duality symbol in the center of the field.  He found the sigil more symbolic than serendipitous as he stepped into it, closed his eyes with a satisfied grin, as all became Light. 






CHAPTER TWENTY-THREE
Gharné

Governor Rieflin stood at Nandahya Mirades’ office window on the one hundred tenth floor and watched the storm clouds roll in.  The wide expanse of North Main Street shot straight from the Tower towards Breed’s Hill and the Crest.  The majority of Bridgetown’s historic buildings followed this thoroughfare, from the CNF Building and the Provincial Government House a few blocks down, to the Scientific History Museum and the Data Research Library near Pendergast Boulevard six miles away.  “Quite a vantage point you have here,” he said.  “How did you manage to get the north side?”
Nandahya knew a pointed question when she heard one, and continued shuffling the paperwork on her desk.  “I was assigned the space, Anton, just like you were,” she said, and gave him a weak grin.  “Affairs of Meraladian Society always had a northward office, just as the First Landing plaque faces north.”
“Why is that?” he asked, turning from the window.  “Just curious.”
“Meraladian trajectory, I suppose,” she shrugged.  “We came in from the north when we landed here.”
Anton took her brush-off as a sign to change the subject.  “I see you’ve also got a view of the Waterfront.”
Nandahya lifted her head.  “What does that have to —”
“Settle down,” he laughed.  “Just an observation.”
“Governor, sir,” she said, glaring at him.  “Is there a reason you came in to bother me?”
“Yes, emha, there is,” he said, and promptly took a seat across from her desk.  “In all seriousness, I’m concerned about what’s happening down in that sector.”
“Have you called Reverend Mackenzie of Saint Paul’s Church?  That’s his community, he’d know best.”
Anton nodded.  “He’s been out.  Left his office for the warehouse district, just like everyone else.”
Nandahya bristled, pushing herself way from her desk.  “That’s not like Joe to abandon his post,” she said.  “At least not without reason.  Have you gotten any reports?”
Anton gave her a shrug and glanced over at the windows briefly before he spoke.  “Agents are saying it’s a sort of a street fair right now.  They’ve taken over the old Moulding Warehouse on the corner of Holgate and McCleever.  It’s been peaceful, really.  They’ve all been behaving themselves.  I’ll be honest, though…I keep expecting something to happen.”  He dropped his head and laughed quietly to himself.  “Guess who owns the warehouse?”
She raised an eyebrow at him.  “Nehalé Usarai.”
He nodded.  “No big surprise.”
“So what does this have to do with me?” she asked.  “I don’t mean to sound like I’m avoiding you, Anton, because I’m not.  But I can tell when that brain of yours is up to something.”
“Some of our Mendaihu adepts say close to ninety percent of the warehouse crowd is either Mendaihu or Shenaihu, and it’s a pretty even balance,” he said.  “Or at least have Mendaihu and Shenaihu abilities but have not fully awakened.  Now, I still stand by what I said: this is a peaceful gathering, so I won’t have anyone move in.  But you’ve got to admit, when a gathering expands from a few dozen to nearly five thousand in under twenty-four hours, there is cause for concern.”
Nandahya frowned at him.  “You’re expecting violence, sir?”
“I expect anything,” he said soberly.  “And Mancka Udéma is missing.  I have no idea where she is, and she’s the only person who could really help right now.”
“What?  Mancka is gone?  She’s not downstairs?  I just saw her an hour ago!”  Her complexion had withered somewhat, and she started to fidget.  “She wouldn’t…” she said, her voice barely a whisper.  She glanced out her window herself.  “She wouldn’t go down there…not alone.”
“She left no message,” he said, glancing out the window himself.  “I think she was summoned there, for lack of a better term.”
She grimaced at him.  “Mancka?  No, she wouldn’t do something this reckless.”
“She must have gone down there, Nandahya, there’s no doubt.  Maybe edha Usarai summoned her, maybe she went of her own volition, maybe the spirit called her.  It doesn’t matter.  But when it’s a member of my council, and at this point in time…”
“Let’s assume she is down there,” she said warily.  “She’d have a good reason for it, sir.  I can only hope that she’ll report soon enough.”

*

Father?
The voice of his youngest daughter filtered through the din of the Tower’s energy flow and hit Natianos unexpectedly from behind.  He had been continuing his talk with Janoss and stopped midsentence, more surprised than inconvenienced by the interruption.   Saone had interrupted him before like this, more often than not during important meetings and with trivial matters…but the urgency of her voice suggested otherwise.  He finished with Janoss and sent him on his way, and retreated to his own office ten flights up.
Saone had taken it upon herself to prove her worth, if not to him then to her own conscience, by infiltrating the Moulding Warehouse with her own team.  He worried about her.  She always meant well, but she was woefully ignorant in situations such as this.  She had never been the devout Shenaihu nuhm’ndah to the level her three older sisters were, stealthily integrating themselves into commerce and society.  No, Saone had chosen to go it alone.  She had to find her own way…and she had chosen anarchic resistance.  She and Kryssyna — that Piramados tomboy, nothing but a bad influence on her — integrated themselves into the nearly dead underground movement of the McCleever-Waterfront corridor, and had gotten themselves mixed up with the Mendaihu.  She knew a lot of citizens down there…but no politicians, no engineers, no intellectuals, where it counted.
Still, he played along to let her hopes up.  It was the least he could do.
Father, she called again, her voice filling with anticipation and anxiety.  He entered his office just as she called a third time, and was able to answer this time without interruption.
Saone, my dearest child, he answered.  You sound distressed.
I’m fine, she said breathlessly.  I’ve found a way in.  I already have people in place.
Natianos shivered.  He honestly had not expected her to fulfill this impossible mission, to capture the One of All Sacred.  She might have been able to watch her, but capture?  He already had spies at the warehouse, had sent them quite early in fact, and had fully expected this team to do most of the legwork.  The most Saone would be able to do is distract.  He hoped she would know enough to back away in time.  He wanted this event to be as peaceful as possible.  There was no telling what The One of All Sacred would do to them if it turned violent.
Stay where you are, he warned her.
You don’t trust me?
Since when did trust enter into this?  Of course I trust you, Saone.  You know that.  But please, there are—
Let me do this, Dahné.
Her words had set him on edge so easily; if she had planned on attacking the Mendaihu at the source, the only outcome would be death.  The death of nuhm’ndah spies, fighting what would essentially be a pointless battle.   The death of Mendaihu volunteers under the mistaken idea that martyred victory was theirs.  The death of his youngest child.  And very possibly, the death of the One.
Saone, he called out, pleading to her.  You’ve got to understand that this gathering does not concern you.  This is a matter to be dealt with between the Shenaihu, the Mendaihu and the One of All Sacred.  It is not revenge.
Saone did not answer right away.  He made use of the quick silence to switch on the vidmat to scan for footage of the Waterfront.  If anything happened down there this evening, he would want to see it.  Especially now that Saone was lurking somewhere down there.  He was able to log onto the same feed the Branden Hill ARU had linked into, four corner traffic cameras now focused solely on the warehouse.
Her voice entered again.  But it does concern me, Dahné.  More than you know.
She had taken pains to calm herself and understand his trepidation of her being there, and Natianos applauded her for it.  But would she understand why this violent history was destined to repeat itself if these things kept happening?  Nehalé Usarai had been terribly lucky in his first attempt to call the One of All Sacred to him at the church…and it was only by chance that Janoss and his team had inadvertently stopped him just before it was too late.
“Saone…” he said aloud, knowing she wouldn’t hear.  “Be careful, my child.”
It is done, he said finally.  That must have sated her, as she spoke no more, even when he called out to her.  He admitted it wasn’t exactly the answer he was looking for, but it would have to do for now.

*

“I really shouldn’t be here,” Nick said, perfectly deadpan.  “It’s a wonderful crowd and the eats are great, but I don’t have a single iota of Mendaihu or Shenaihu blood in me, I tell you.  Some ancestor five hundred years ago on my mother’s uncle’s side was from Mannaka, but that’s about it!”
Sheila giggled and backslapped him on the arm as they walked down the closed street, past the many booths and tents that lined the sidewalk.  Her mind and spirit buzzed with frenetic energy, and she didn’t care this time if it spilled out.  When there were this many Mendaihu surrounding her, she couldn’t help but drink in the Light.  “It’s our day off,” she said with a wide smile and took his arm.  “I’m having fun for the first time in months.  Besides, I’m considering this grunt work just in case something does happen.”
“Oh, I’m quite sure something will happen,” he said.  Sheila started to respond, but stopped when she saw Nick’s distant look as he scanned the crowd.  His take on things was always opposite of hers, which was why they were perfect partners.  She had come to understand his cold, clinical way of analyzing situations, all the while knowing that it was just part of his job, a part he kept distant from his private life.  So when she had noticed his emotionless and wary glances, she had to take notice.  She let go of his arm and faced him.
“Talk, kid,” she said under her breath.
He exhaled.  “They’re getting ready for something.  This isn’t just a street carnival or a celebration.  You know, like Landing Day.  You don’t notice it, do you?”
“No, not really…” she frowned.
“Thought not.  No offense,” he added with a patient half smile.  “I’m just guessing that the sheer number of sensitives here is a bit numbing.  It’s obscuring your sense of why you’re here in the first place.  Just the fact that all these Mendaihu are here and letting their energies run rampant is causing many of them to lose their sharper focus.”
“Getting caught up in the moment, you mean?”
“Exactly what I’m talking about,” he pointed at her.  “And that’s what’s worrying me.  I can’t help but feel that something isn’t going to go as planned tonight.”
His words made her shiver.  “You mean the One of All Sacred?  If all that buzz about the Ninth Coming is true…Nick!  Think of how exciting that is!  Think of what she can do to end this imbalance once and for all!”
Nick pursed his lips and looked away.  As much as he wanted to argue that point in particular, he kept his words to himself.  Instead he turned and began walking away, towards the far corner of the warehouse.  Sheila watched him for a moment, dumbfounded by his actions, then caught up with him.
“What aren’t you telling me, Nick?” she said flatly, latching on to his arm again.
Back in character, Nick flashed smiles everywhere around the crowd.  “From what I’ve heard, Nehalé is expecting some opposition tonight when the One arrives.  Probably the Shenaihu, maybe the nuhm’ndah, though he didn’t exactly say who or when.”
Sheila tried not to think of the images she saw yesterday at the church.  She motioned for him to stop at a shaded booth selling flavored ice drinks.  She bought for the both of them, and led him to a fleet of folding tables littering the street.  They found a less crowded corner with an empty table and sat down.
“What do you want to do about it?” she said after a long silence.
“I’d sit tight,” he said.  “No doubt the rest of our team will be here before long.  Besides…I think our sightsensing is working just fine, don’t you think?”  He winked at her as he took another sip from his drink.
She smiled at his pathetic and obviously self-deprecating joke.  “I’d have to disagree,” she said.  “I don’t think sitting this one out is a good idea.  We’re team two but it’s our duty to work as if we were team one.  We’ve got to talk to Nehalé.”
Nick let out a snort.  “And say what, exactly?  What good will talking do?  Look around us.  Five thousand against two?  Oh yeah, I’m fine with those odds.”
“You think…?”  She stared at him, angered by his remark.  “You can’t be serious!  You really think that all these people would be against you if we just up and took him in for questioning right now?  Don’t be stupid.”
He pursed his lips and shook his head.  “We wouldn’t be able to do it anyway, not the way things are now,” he said quietly.  “Not to mention the, shall we say, selective listening going on.”
Annoyed as she was, he had a point and she wasn’t about to contest it.  She may be Mendaihu-sensitive to a certain degree, but she wasn’t an adept.  There was no way to be sure they could question Nehalé without soulsensers listening in.  A wave of paranoia swept over her at the possibility of being overheard at that very moment, but he shrugged that off just as fast and forced herself to forget about it.
Nick worked his jaw and stared at the table.  “What if he willingly goes through interrogation?”  His eyes brightened as the germ of a plan imbedded itself in his mind.  “That could be an advantage for us.”
“Advantage?  How?”
Nick did not answer, but only smiled.
“You’re an insane man,” she said flatly.  “I hope you know that.”
A third voice entered the conversation behind them.  “Oh, that he is.”
Sheila perked up and turned to see a woman behind her, about to sip from a large flask of water she’d pulled out of the satchel draped over her shoulder.   She was tall with a long tangle of curly blond hair tied back, and offered her a wide, inviting smile.  Sheila did a double take, amazed by the presence of this enigmatic woman she’d last seen nearly six months ago.  Christine Gorecki was the last person she’d expected to see.
Christine ran a private investigation firm in the lower half of the Waterfront District, just a few blocks from this warehouse.  A former ARU agent, she went freelance some six months ago after a case she’d taken on had become extremely personal.  Sheila did not know what had happened exactly, and had never brought up the subject.  Christine had maintained minimal contact, mostly with Poe, but she’d been scarce the last few weeks.
“Christine!” Sheila exclaimed as she sprang up to give her a hug.  “Have a seat!  Pashyo, I haven’t seen you in ages!”
“I’m only stopping by, but thanks,” she said, genuinely happy to see the two of them.  She reached over and gave Nick a hug as well.  “I’ve been keeping busy the last few days.  Getting the vibe, doing a bit of recon since it’s so close to home.”
Sheila nodded.  “Got it.  You working on anything new?  Last I knew, Poe said you were taking some downtime between cases.”
Christine shook her head in amusement.  “Downtime is not an adequate description, but to answer your question…I’ve been doing a few things here and there…soulreadings, a bit of reiki, what have you…nothing impressive.”
“You still down on Haden Street?” Nick asked.  “Near Bosko’s Music?”
She nodded.  “Still in the same apartment.  You guys should stop by once this all blows over, have a party or something.  It’s been too long.”
“That it has,” he said.
“Right,” she said, and hitched the strap of her satchel higher on her shoulder.  “I really hate to take off so quick, but I prefer to keep moving in situations like this.  So hey — do me a favor?  If you run across Alec or Caren, have them call me as soon as they can?  Nothing too important, just thought I’d offer help if they needed it.”
Sheila smiled at her.  “Of course.  Goddess, it’s good to see you, Chris, you’re looking great.  We all miss you down at HQ!”
Christine barked out a laugh.  “Like hell they do!”  She waved at them and began to turn away.  “Take care, you two.”
Sheila watched her disappear into the crowd before turning back to face Nick.  She greatly respected Christine, even if they hadn’t become close friends or even close coworkers.  The woman was extremely intelligent, strong, and soft-spoken, and one hell of an impressive former ARU agent.  She lived under her own rules, however, shunning authority wherever possible.  Sheila remembered a particularly sticky incident between Christine and the Assistant Director that had nearly gotten her fired because of her refusal to go along.
“Think she’s doing her own research?” Nick asked.  “Certainly seems that way, doesn’t it?”
“Of course she is,” Sheila smiled.  “We’ll be hearing from her soon enough.” 








CHAPTER TWENTY-FOUR
Approach

Poe left the car idling as he got out and climbed onto its hood so he could get a better view of the street ahead of him.  Traffic had been rerouted off Holgate Street as far back as Chapel Avenue, a good ten blocks away from Moulding Warehouse, and had ultimately caused the bottleneck of a six-lane boulevard emptying onto a four-lane side street.  He was at least a good mile before Chapel, closer to Sculler’s Crossing than the warehouse itself.  If he was somehow able to cross two lanes and take the next left, he might be able to park at the market garage there, though he was unsure if the others would want to make the nearly two-mile hike.
“It’s up to you,” he offered, once back in the car and relaying his idea.  “If we’re stuck here any longer, I can’t promise if we’ll get there by four.”
Caren sighed noncommittally, not caring either way.  “Denni will be there, Poe.  That’s inevitable.  I just want to be there with her.”
“We all do,” he said with an even voice, choosing not to argue a moot point.  He pulled out of the line of traffic and cut down the side street.  With each stolen glance at her from his rearview mirror, he could tell that this was definitely not the path of fate she’d expected.  She had finally accepted the reality of her situation, that her little sister was someone so important and special to so many people, she felt powerless in her attempts to keep her protected.  Her gaze out the window was disconnected from the real world, as if she was trying to take in the last few calm moments of her life before the chaos took over.  A few times she caught his reflection in the mirror, offering a weak smile or a roll of the eyes.  No words were offered.
Poe could read Denni’s mind as if it were his own.  Although she had quietly preoccupied herself by watching the pedestrian traffic, inside her thoughts were racing, competing with each other for attention.  While he could not read them, the tension they bore was intense.  She was questioning her actions as the One of All Sacred…she believed in them, trusted them, used them to the best of her abilities, but deep within she was doubting.  Was she truly doing the right thing?  Could she truly be a savior when she could also cause so much pain?  These rampant thoughts of hers left her emotionally drained.  The only thing keeping her going was being surrounded by those she loved, and those who loved her.
Dehndarra Né hra nyhndah, he thought.  The duality and the individual, existing at the same time.
For a brief moment, the concept of dualities made perfect sense to him.  After all, wasn’t he a duality himself?  A cho-nyhndah, both Mendaihu and Shenaihu in blood and spirit?  He understood the concept and the fact that Denni’s case was not just unique but wholly special in and of itself.  She had become a deity among the mortals here on Gharra…yet here she was, still just a young, beautiful and ultimately confused girl.
But did she have to choose one over the other?   Could she be like him, forever fighting that internal battle?  Could she be both at the same time?
“Poe?”
He shivered.  “Yeah?  What is it, kiddo?”
Denni leaned forward and touched his shoulder.  “Drop me off here at the corner.  I can make it the rest of the way myself.”
Caren grabbed her sister’s arm.  “I’m coming with you.”
Denni let out a shaky breath.  “Caren, please, you can’t, not right now.  Your place is here with everyone else.”
“I’m not leaving you, Denni!  I don’t care who you are!”
Denni sullenly sat back in her seat and faced her.  Poe bit his lip as he began to slow the car up to the curb.  The two sisters glared at each other for a long moment, Caren in barely contained anger, Denni in pity.  “You don’t understand, Karinna,” she said softly.  “I cannot take you.  You must find your own way there.”
“You’re damn right I don’t understand!” she cried.  “Damn it!  Don’t do this to me, Denni!  I can’t…I just…”  Further words died on her lips as tears began to form.  I can’t lose you too.  Poe knew those were the words she would have said.  I can’t lose my entire family.  He felt her pain as deeply as anyone else in this car would have felt it.  Rising above that, slowly and deliberately, was her sense of logic.  One way or another, Denni was going to be at the Moulding Warehouse at four.  Wordlessly, Caren let out a long, choking breath and opened up her door.  Amna squirmed in the front seat, and Kai quickly let her out.  The girl was her protector now.
Kai climbed back in without a word or a glance in Poe’s direction, but dark concern had crossed her face.  Then a stray tear fell from her eye, quickly wiped away before it even passed her cheek.  “We all have to make the decision eventually,” she said.  “One way or another.”
Poe nodded, knowing that truth all too well now.
Outside the car, the two sisters were holding each other tightly, talking within, consoling and soothing each other and reaffirming their safety.  Poe respected their privacy and did not listen in.  Goddess, he thought, shivering and fighting back tears himself.  For all anyone knew, this would be the last time they’d ever be together.
That dark thought fell away as Denni’s hand reached through the open window and rested on his forearm.  He managed to face her, but stopped just short of looking her in the eyes…he was too afraid.  “Love, Peace and Light to you,” she said.  “…and thank you for being there.”  She touched his arm, squeezing it.  “Please take care of my sister, okay?”
His hand dropped on hers as he forced himself to gaze upon her.  He offered a weak smile as he squeezed her fingers.  It was a pathetic attempt at consolation, but at the moment he wasn’t sure what he was supposed to feel.  “You know I will,” he said.
She bent down and kissed him on the cheek.
Thank you, Alec, she said within him.  I love you.
He laughed, despite the tears.  Love you too, kid.

*

“She comes within the hour,” Anando said.
Nehalé shivered unintentionally at his words.  “You’re sure about this?”
Anando remained at his perch on the warehouse roof and avoided Nehalé’s eyes, instead watching the storm clouds as they rolled and rumbled past the Mirades Tower.  Its mass had doubled since earlier this afternoon, expanding outwards in all directions, covering first the southern districts then moving northeast, and would reach them within the next few hours.  Already it had obscured the sun, casting unnaturally murky shadows over the city.
“I am very sure,” Anando said.  “I can sense her.  She’s not too far from here.  I felt her presence ten minutes ago.  She’s walking towards us.  I’m surprised you haven’t picked up her signature yet.”
Nehalé ignored the taunt.  “I only wish I could connect with her, Anando,” he said.  “I only wish I could speak with her before she comes…”
“She won’t speak with anyone, Nehalé, except those closest to her,” he said.  “Believe me, I tried.  She’ll hear you, I don’t doubt that, but whether or not she’ll answer is something else entirely.”
Nehalé cocked an eyebrow at him.  “My student is teaching me,” he said.  “I suppose this is what happens when I leave the party for a few moments.  Anything else I should know, sehndayen-ne?”
“Well, she has a friend with her, a Protector, about her age.  She’s a self-trained Mendaihu.  I believe she’s…” he paused.  He closed his eyes and listened to the whispers of his spiritsense.  “She’s part of the Ehramanis clan…which means she’s loyal to her, if she’s anything like her ancestors.”  Nehalé seemed relieved by this news, so he pressed further.  “Nehalé…” he ventured.  “Do you have any idea what will happen once she arrives?”
Nehalé pondered over how he would answer.  He had done everything according to plan: awaken the One of All Sacred, awaken the Warriors, and gather them all together.  Not once had he questioned why it had to be done.  He only understood that the One of All Sacred needed to be awakened at this time…at the same time as the Rain of Light.  Kindeiya Shalei’s prophecy had demanded it.  And yet…he did not dare to question why.  He just knew it was part of the path.  Faith was all he needed.
“She will lead us towards the next stage of spiritual ascendance, Anando,” he said truthfully.
Anando’s face drained of color.  “Ascendance?” he sputtered.  “That is the reason for this bloodshed, Nehalé?  For this chaos?  Are you even remotely aware of its consequences?  This is going to lead to an even bigger war, you know that.”  Enraged, he pushed away from the edge of the roof stalked away from him.  “Goddess!  You might feel the pain of spirits taken by force, Nehalé, but your prophecy is making that happen.  Who gave you the right to decide who gets to sacrifice themselves, anyway?”
Wordlessly, Nehalé caught up with him and spun him around, grabbing him by the arm.  Forcefully he pulled him back to the edge of the roof and pointed towards the clouds above the city and their slow movement towards them.
“See those clouds, Anando?  They have quite a bit to do with this,” he growled.  “Those clouds are Lightbodies, manifesting themselves.  We are seeing spiritforms gathering above us.  Spirits being born and reborn.  They’ve been there for the past few days, ever since I began the awakening ritual.  The Rain of Light is a spirit dance.  These spirits gathered the very next day, rejoicing in the fact that the One had returned.  However…”
He paused as he saw Anando’s skepticism dulling his original shock.
“I see you do not believe,” he said.  “Or at least, do not understand yet.  But you will soon.  The One already understands this.  She’s not here just to fix the balance the Mendaihu and the Shenaihu, not like the last Embodiments.  She’s also here to raise the stakes.”
Anando crossed his arms and turned, leaning against the ledge.  “Please explain.”
Nehalé complied.  “Normally such a manifestation would be little more than thin clouds, perhaps a bit of precipitation.  However…something is not quite right.  Yes, just like all the previous seasons of Embodiment, there is a severe imbalance between the Mendaihu and the Shenaihu that needs to be adjusted.  A spiritual imbalance, both individually and as a collective.  The spinning top is coming perilously close to its last revolutions before it falls.”
“How can you tell?” Anando asked.
“How can anyone tell?  It goes far beyond good and evil, you know that.  That’s entirely the wrong way of looking at it.  None of us are completely ‘good’ or ‘evil’ in body or in spirit…we are just not fully knowledgeable either way.”
“That makes absolutely no sense,” Anando growled.  “If we started this because —”
Nehalé held up a hand to stop him.  “Remember this, above all else: we did not start anything,” he said.  “We are finishing what needs to be completed.”
“Completed?  That doesn’t —” Anando stopped and stared at him, eyes wide and mouth half open, unsure of what his next words were going to be.  A spark had gone off within, and it had made his spirit sing.  “Ascendance,” he managed to say.  “Both the Shenaihu and the Mendaihu…we are both one after all.  The One is here to reunite us.”
Nehalé threw his hands at him.  “That’s what I’ve been trying to tell everyone, Anando!  That’s the message I’ve been trying to give everyone downstairs.  Now do you understand?”
“Yes,” he answered quietly.  “I think I do.”
“Good,” he said, and turned towards the roof door.   “Let’s go welcome her in, then.”

*

She’s almost here, Saone thought.  Her senses tingled with the excitement of the crowd anxiously awaiting their savior, and of her own Shenaihu blood, hungrily awaiting its vengeance that had never been sated.  It took enough energy for her to focus just on her own plans.  It is not revenge, her father had told her.  If the nuhm’ndah were not here for revenge, what were they here for?  The two senses, the anticipation and the hatred, conflicted each other yet flowed evenly side by side, as if one were the symbiote of the other…the duality of the whole…
“Madness,” she whispered to herself and shook the thoughts out of her head.  She did not have time to dwell on such trivial things, not if she was going to capture this young girl.  She would have to keep her mind and her spirit separate from everyone else if she were to succeed.
Saone, a voice called within.
Kryssyna, is that you?  She answered quietly, hoping those on the floor did not hear her.
It is, she responded.  We’re in position in the basement whenever you’re ready.  Just say the word.
A chill washed over her as she confirmed Kryssyna’s report.  She leaned back against the rickety wall, daring not to question her own plans, now that they had been put in motion.  Again she thought of her father’s words.  Again she thought of what this all meant to the Shenaihu nuhm’ndah, what she had been taught by her father as well as her older sisters, of what happened to the Shenaihu…to the Mannaka settlers…all the way back to Trisanda, when the Shenaihu had been abandoned.  Abandoned!  The Mendaihu…the Mendaihu…had left.  They’d broken the ties first, the connections that never should have been severed in the first place!  If it was not revenge, what was it, then?
She wished Kryssyna was here, up in the mezzanine instead of somewhere in the disused subway tunnels beneath her.  She needed someone by her side right now.  She’d known Kryssyna since childhood, and trusted no one else as fully as her.  If anyone would understand the confusion she now faced, it would be her.  Kryssyna had sacrificed much of who she was for her, truly believing in their spiritual and emotional connection.  Kryss was once a pure Shenaihu like herself, at one time.  But in a selfless act of love, she had chosen to change that.  For Saone.  She needed Kryssyna to be here, next to her.  She wrapped her arms around her knees and shivered.
No time like the present.  Send them in slowly, she said.  Let them mingle into the crowd first.  I will give the signal for the next move.  You will meet me near the stairs to the northern mezzanine as soon as possible.
There was a quiet pause before her response.  Understood, Saone.
She left the office as quietly as she had entered it, headed back down to the main floor, and slipped back into the mass.  No one had seen her go up to the mezzanine a half hour ago, and had not wondered about her absence.  There was something worrisome about the fact that anyone could have followed, some busybody sticking their noses in where it didn’t belong.  Were the Mendaihu that confident in their soulsensing?  It was hard to avoid that cloying wave of overwhelming positivity they possessed…it wasn’t blissful ignorance, but it certainly felt that way.
Even the Shenaihu here were caught up in the excitement, and that worried her even more.  They should know better than to lose themselves in this!  They should not be so quick to trust anything the Mendaihu were to offer here.  She’d given them the benefit of the doubt when she’d arrived this afternoon.  She even let herself get lost in the flow for a while, especially whenever she ran into that Mendaihu boy, Anando.  It was just a bit of harmless flirting and playing along to make him believe she had no ulterior motives.
Such fools, she thought, shaking her head and laughing to herself.  Her father was right, this wasn’t revenge at all.  It was a mockery.  A mockery of her spirit!
Moments later, Kryssyna emerged from a large group of followers who barely noticed her, slipped awkwardly through the tight pack and tripped to a stop in front of her.  “Too much happiness here,” Kryssyna smirked.  “It’s giving me a headache.”
“Always the voice of reason, I see.  They are all getting in position?”
Kryssyna nodded, and began pointing at various parts of the warehouse floor.  “We have at least two nuhm’ndah in all the major gathering points in the main area.  There’s at least a dozen near the main rolling door.  There are others in the holding bays behind us.  There won’t be too many down below, but I’ve kept at least ten at the tunnel entrance.”
Saone nodded, impressed by how fast she had gathered these extras in a short amount of time.  “They’re saying the One of All Sacred should be arriving any moment now.  I’ve heard from the outside posts that she has made her way on foot for the last mile and was last seen three blocks from here.”
“I’ve confirmed that,” Kryssyna responded.  “To come without guard, though…very unexpected.”
“She has one Protector with her,” Saone said.  “A girl of the Ehramanis clan.”
She snorted out a derisive laugh.  “She won’t do much damage.”
Saone dismissed her gruff answer by putting an arm around her.  “Come…” she said.  “We have a few more things to —”
She comes.
The calm, soothing voice was so unexpected that Saone stopped dead in her tracks and gasped.  She felt the dark chill rolling down her back, doubling back when all the sounds and voices that filled the warehouse quelled at once, leaving quiet and cold silence.  Someone, perhaps Nehalé, had spoken within everyone in the immediate area at once — no mean feat, even for a well-trained Mendaihu — and had commanded the attention of every single person inside and outside the warehouse.
She comes!
A second chill raced down her back.
The One of All Sacred is here.
Saone dared not speak into this silence, either aloud or within.  She dared not even think a complete thought, for fear that it would disrupt whatever was about to happen.  Even as she shifted weight from one leg to the other, turning herself around to face the open dock doors, her steps were muffled by the overbearing quiet.  The only noise came from the wind from the storm outside, racing down the cross streets and spilling into any open building.  Many of the dock doors had been opened on the southern end, and now a cool breeze pushed through the warehouse, stilling the crowd even more.  She heard the soft murmur of the transports at the detour a few blocks up, and the rumble of the storm reaching the Tower a few miles away.  It was only seconds later, when it rumbled again, that what she actually heard was something entirely different.  This was not a thunderstorm.
Rain of Light, she mouthed silently.
A dozen or so people surrounding her turned slowly and faced her without so much as a word or a sound, as if to confirm her darkest fear.  When they turned back seconds later, she felt a tear fall down her cheek.  It was then that she saw the crowd slowly parting to make way for the One of All Sacred.
I am here, the young girl said.

*

I am here, she said.
Denni stood just inside one of the warehouse doors and slowly scanned the thousands of Mendaihu and Shenaihu, who were all staring back at her in rapt silence.  She sensed each and every one of them.  They were quiet, reverent…and they were all waiting for her.  For her, the One of All Sacred in its Ninth Embodiment.  She stood there, not daring to move another step, not yet.  She felt their eyes on her, the gossamer threads of their spirits reaching out to her, afraid to touch but powerless to ignore the attraction.  They were anxious for the moment…they were patient and subdued.  Their spirits were in flux.
I am the One of All Sacred, she said within.
She felt Amna’s presence behind her.  Always behind, never beside.  She recognized her stance as reverence, not as subservience.  She would be the closest to her from now on, an ever loyal and trusted sehnadha.  Amna would remain close to her from here on in…yet the spiritual bond she and her sister shared would not be surpassed.  Caren…Karinna…she would always be the closest spirit to her, the Protector.
I have come to Awaken you all.
She exhaled and very slowly stepped into the warehouse.  She did not know exactly where she was headed in this place…except that they moved back with each step she took.  She scanned over the crowd at the racks and the mezzanines, searching for a place where she could see all of them and they could see her.  The words she spoke within were reaching them clearly.  She raised her lips in a half-smile…and the people closest to her returned her expression ten-fold.
I am Dennise Johnson; I am Denysia Shalei si Emmadha si Dhumélis.  I am not Meraladian or Mannaki by direct bloodline; I am Gharné, and I am Trisandi by spirit and by ancient bloodline.  I am my own; I am part of All.  I am singularity; I am duality.  We are all duality.
She found the steps to the northern mezzanine and made her way to them in a slow arc.  She needed a high place for everyone to see her when she at last spoke aloud.  As she walked she remembered the words given to her by Ampryss…her Spirit Guide.  Ampryss!  She now understood who she was!  Ampryss was Trisandi, her anchor to all other realities, and the One of All Sacred was the only spirit who could safely and knowledgeably travel all of them.  If it wasn’t for the fact that her spirit was giddy with this sudden influx of Light and Knowledge, she would not have been able to accept this daunting fate.
We are all duality.  We are One.
Did anyone out there on the floor understand what she was saying?  Would they in time?  She shook that thought out of her head, realizing that she could ill afford to doubt herself right now; she was their chance to learn all that she, the One of All Sacred, had to teach them.  She was their only chance.
We are here, you and I, to set things right.  We are here, ultimately, to learn and to evolve.  We wish to ascend, to lift our spirits to higher plains of consciousness, to higher states of being.  Hear this now: none of you — NONE of you! — are unworthy of this simple quest.  Because we are all descendants of Trisanda, that is our ultimate goal, and it is one we are all able to achieve in our own way.
Balance.  Love.  Peace.  Light.  Understanding.
Denni stopped at the bottom stair, and turned to look at the still-silent crowd.  They were waiting in rapt silence for her to say more…yet she found herself wanting someone, anyone, to join in.  This journey was not just hers.  This was everyone’s.  She could feel the presence of non-Mendaihu souls here; some were curious onlookers who resonated with everyone, but most were Shenaihu.  The element of danger — the possibility of danger, she reminded herself — was there, with the two polar opposites here in this ultimately confined space.  It could just as easily turn into another pitched battle, but she refused to let that happen.
I hear…I see Light and Dark surrounding me.  I feel it.
Her eyes stopped on a young woman.  She was slim with an athletic build, with short jet-black hair, and dark eyes open wide in equal parts awe and terror.  She tentatively reached out her senses to touch her aura, when the most unexpected and surprising thing happened: the woman flinched.  
Fear!
“Do not be afraid,” she said aloud, directly at the woman.  Again, she reached out her senses, this time with a deliberate slowness.  “You are not alone here, eichi.  There is no need to cower.  I will not harm you.”
“I —” the woman started.  Fear gave way to anger; she changed from stock still to defensive stance in one fluid movement.  The surrounding crowd gasped in shock.  Was she really that terrified of being touched by the One of All Sacred?  “I —” she said again.  Her hands wavered slightly, dropped a few inches.  A single tear appeared under her right eye.  
The crowd surrounding them stood still, not daring to move for fear that their motions would be construed as an attack.
D-Denysia… the woman whispered.  Do not tempt me.
“I do not tempt you,” Denni said quietly.  “I welcome you.”
“Don’t —” she growled.  The woman shifted in place, hands still in the air in front of her, ready for combat.  The inner demon held fast.  Yet there was confusion within this anger, within this fear, as if she’d had a revelation, that something she’d never wanted to understand, had come to light and she had been cruelly forced to accept it.  She choked back a sob, blinked out the tears, and held her stance.
Kryssyna… the woman said.
Another woman, brilliant auburn curls framing her oval face, moved closer and took the woman’s left hand.  This woman looked absolutely terrified, yet refused to back away from her friend.  Denni sensed the ripple within her senses of the second spirit moving in, giving this woman her strength.  She had given it selflessly, without question.  Denni felt the second woman’s fear, channeled through the first woman’s spirit.  Denni knew not to fight against these two together, for their combined strength could obliterate that of a fifteen year-old girl.  She did not have to remind herself of her mortality.  They were both Shenaihu, and they were here to do something…something not according to plan.
“You are Shenaihu,” she said.  “You, Saone Lehanna, are perhaps one of the strongest Shenaihu I’ve sensed yet.  Your energy knows no bounds.  I commend you for that.  And you, Kryssyna Piramados, you are her anchor.  You are her shadhisi.”  The two women lowered their hands slightly and stared at her in a mixture of disbelief and panic as she moved closer towards them.  “You two are blessed to be here.  Your presence here shall not go unnoticed.”  She reached out and touched their clasped hands.  Another wave of energy rippled through of her own emotions, mostly of love and acceptance of those around her.  She touched them, and felt everything align.  Their spirits, their minds slowed to a restful peace, their inner storms quelled for the time being.
Saone gasped.  “N…no…p-please, I beg you…”
For the moment, Denni did not pay any attention to the thousands of people circling them.  They were all still fixated on her, watching her every move.  They would do whatever she told them to.  For now she just wanted them to wait.  There were some things here that she felt were more important.  Saone and Kryssyna had come so close in their attempt to undo what Nehalé had started, that they commanded her attention.
“You are the duality,” Saone managed to whisper.  Her voice was speaking her anger through the tears, as well as her faint hope that violence would not come after all.  “You’re the duality we seek…do you understand?”
“I understand your pain,” Denni said.  “I understand your misery, your feeling of abandonment…but what I do not understand is why you have chosen the path you have.  Why such animosity?”
“We…”
The answer came to her in thousands of growling, screaming voices, directed everywhere at once, within her.  They are the Shenaihu!  Save them!  They are the nuhm’ndah!  The Nameless!  Their violence knows no end!  The crowd began to move.  Something had shifted, and she felt it all start to spiral.  They have refused to accept the Mendaihu…  Save them…!  No, kill them!  They have killed our own!  Save them, Dearest One…  I am Shenaihu…please, we need this peace…  Help us!  Show us the way!
More voices, more than she could count.  Saone’s answer had been drowned out by the unsolicited voices of all those around her.  They spoke within her, they spoke out loud…and not one person had cared to listen to anyone else around them.  Denni staggered back from the force of the wave, and nearly tripped on the bottom stair behind her.  It was only by luck that Amna caught her before she fell.  The voices grew even louder, everyone now shouting over each other, both aloud and within.
Stop…please, Denni cried.
Save them first, Saone said to her.
Amna took hold of her arm.  Denysia, I’m right here…are you all right?
“I…”  Her own voice was lost in the din.  She looked up, saw Saone and Kryssyna backing away, a look of defeat on their faces.  No, that wasn’t defeat; it was acceptance.  Acceptance of the fact that Denni was not going to be able to help them after all.
“Stop!” she yelled, to no avail.  Saone!
Save them first! Saone cried.
She tried to move forward to catch the two women, but she had already lost sight of them.  Saone!  She could feel her moving away, towards the western end of the warehouse, towards the empty offices…she was retreating further and further away, and she couldn’t reach her.
STOP IT, ALL OF YOU!
Something inside of her shifted.  She felt the glow of energy welling up inside her, pushing her backward again.  Tears of pain and anger welled up in her eyes, blurring her sight.  She twisted and darted up the mezzanine stairs.  Below her, the others had become lost in their own cacophony, their disbelief that the One of All Sacred may just have let them down in so short a time.  They didn’t dare think that, Denni knew, but they sure felt it, and she could feel it as well.
STOP!  ALL OF YOU!  In the name of the Goddess, you WILL stop this foolishness!
Denysia, she heard the voice within.
“Damn it!” she cried, more at the voice than at the situation, but at that point it didn’t matter.  She chose to answer.  “Ampryss, what has happened?”
They hear, yet they are still deaf to your words, child.  They see, yet they are still blind.
Denni cursed again.  What should I do?
Find Nehalé Usarai.  He will help you.
Nehalé Usarai.
Denni shivered.  The man that had started the awakening ritual days ago…who had brought all of these spirits here to this warehouse…the man behind her own Awakening.  The man who had brought Caren and Poe and Nick and Sheila together to solve a case Denni now knew to be unsolvable.  There was no case.  It was the Goddess’ Divine Plan.
Karinna… she thought, fighting back tears.  I am so sorry…  She wiped the tears away, and looked at Amna.  She was crying as well, her disappointment running deep.  They stood silently at the foot of the stairs, looking out at the floor.  The loyal followers, who had invited her here, who had expected her here at this time, had fallen back on their old ways of linear thinking, of seeing the Mendaihu and the Shenaihu only as polar opposites.  They were arguing amongst themselves, some quietly and some violently, at who was right and who was wrong.  They all ignored the fact that the One of All Sacred, their supposed savior, stood among them.
Still others fell silent, kneeling before her.  They were near the back, the ones who understood.  She felt the peace within them, centering their own energies and attempting to reach out and touch the others with them.  They sacrificed their own safety by opening their hearts completely to all those around them.  They radiated Love and Light in all directions.
Denni sensed Nehalé among them.
“Amna,” she said over her shoulder.  “Can you reach Nehalé Usarai from here?”
She nodded.  “Not too hard finding his spirit signature in this mess,” she said with a smile, wiping away the tears.  “I think I know what you have in mind.”
“Good,” Denni answered.  “Find him and get him here as soon as you can.”
Amna skipped back down the stairs two at a time and plowed her way through the crowd.   With her small frame, she was able to slide through gaps in the crowd almost without notice, and within minutes she had reached the far end of the crowd.  Amna stepped gingerly around the followers kneeling in prayer until she found the one man who still stood amongst them.  Nehalé Usarai stared directly at her from across the warehouse, hands clasped tightly in front of him and head cocked slightly down, waiting.
Come, Nehalé, Denni said to him.  Your work is not yet over.
From this distance she could see his shoulders sag, his eyes close and his head lift up to the ceiling, relieved by her words.  He bowed in her direction, and took Amna’s outstretched hand.  He smiled.
As you wish, Dearest One, he said.  After a moment she realized his reaction had not been relief but of a closely guarded elation.  The joy he felt shot through the crowd and hit her squarely in the heart, making her laugh.  They took two steps towards her…
Gone.  Their bodies blinked out of existence.  Denni grasped at the railing in front of her and gasped.  Where…?
A second later they reappeared at the bottom of the staircase, both of them at a full run.
Where…?
Come, Dearest One, Nehalé said.  Take my hand.
Before Denni could protest, let alone turn to follow, Nehalé had grabbed her and pulled her into the maze of half-collapsed readymade offices.  She tripped over a metal runner, lost her balance and went sailing on her right side towards the concrete floor.  She closed her eyes and braced for impact, but to her surprise there was none.  She opened her eyes, and All was Light…

*

Caren ducked her head down and held the collar of her jacket close as they made their way towards the warehouse.  An unseasonably cold wind pushed towards them, coming from the storm front that had overtaken the city.  She wondered where her sister was, if she had made it to the warehouse, if she was safe.  She was old enough and smart enough to protect herself…but from this?
Have faith in yourself, Denysia, she thought.  Stay safe.  I’ll be there soon. 
They had managed to ditch the car at a nearly vacant police precinct house just a few blocks away from Chapel Street.  An officer just coming off duty offered them a ride as close as they could get by car. The officers and the soldiers were not forbidding people from crossing their lines, but they were not advising it.  Their safety measures were understandable.  They had also heard the low rumbling of thunder, and were now feeling the occasional stray raindrop hitting their faces.  Caren was relieved that at least they were at least on McCleever Street so they could get there as quickly as possible.
“Goddess,” Poe said, his pace slowing.  His head was up, looking at the storm front now nearly upon them.
“What?” she said.
“Rain,” he said, stopping in his tracks.
“Don’t stop now, Alec,” she said, frowning at him.  “It’s just a damn storm cloud.  What’s the problem?”
“It’s not a storm cloud,” he said, and turned to look behind her.  He pointed at the darkness pulling over the center of the city.  “Kai…when was the last time you and Ashan took at the weather in this sector?”
Goddess, Caren thought to herself.  Now is not the time, Poe…
Kai squinted then frowned. “Maybe once after our meeting.  Ashan?”  She looked at her brother, but he had already closed his eyes.
“I’m checking right now...it looks like — gahhh!”  Ashan clutched at his eyes and hunched over in pain.  “Ahhh….ah…Goddess, that stung.”  He moaned deeply and bowed his head.  “Pashyo, we’re too damn close now.”
Kai immediately held an arm out over him, pulling him close.  He sputtered a few words of Anjshé, shook his head, and opened his eyes.  He looked up at her, blinking furiously and attempting to focus on her face.  He resisted temptation to continue rubbing at his eyes and pushed himself erect.  He’d reacted as if someone had unleashed a cloud of pepper spray in his face.
“We’re too close,” he repeated, his head bowing down again in acute pain.
“Too close…?”  Caren shook her head.  “What the hell are we talking about?”
“It’s a Rain of Light,” he muttered.  “I can’t look at it this close.  It’s…”  He groaned again, rubbing his eyes with one hand and clutching his other hand in a tight fist in front of him.  “It’s almost too late,” he said.  “She’s there already, Caren.  Denni’s already there.  She can’t handle this Rain alone.”
Caren did not want to hear those words, not after the way she left things.  She looked at Poe, who stared transfixed at the cloud in front of them.  He frowned at it, as if trying to understand it somehow, and having no idea how to confront it let alone combat it if it came to that.  Eventually he turned to the east, then back to the storm, measuring its distance.
Denysia…if only I could reach you, she thought.
“Kai,” Poe said.  “How do I know this?”
Kai looked at him from her hunched stance as she tried to comfort her brother.  She didn’t answer.
“We’re inside the hrrah-sehdhyn, aren’t we?” he asked, and started pointing in several directions.  “Sculler’s Crossing is right down the street.  Lexington Square is south-southwest…I think we’re just on the inside.  If we went to the beach, I think we’d be outside of it.”
“Bring it home, Poe,” Caren said.  She glanced down the street towards the warehouse, then at him.  She decided that she desperately needed to hear what he had to say.
“If we split up…” he started.  He glanced at Caren, as if expecting her to object, but she remained calm enough to hear him through.  They both knew this was not just a matter of getting Denni back.  “You and I head toward the warehouse, Kai and Ashan to the beach, I think we can ground ourselves.”
Ground…?  Caren threw up her hands.  “A little explanation please,” she said flatly.
Poe struggled with his words, and finally turned to Kai.  “I think you could explain it better.”
Kai frowned at them, or rather in their direction, at the storm clouds, and huffed in frustration.  She nodded silently at an unheard comment from Ashan, and stepped away from him.  “Come,” she said, directing them back around the corner and out of sight of the cloud.  Caren thought that odd, wondering what difference their moving could possibly make.  Once safely on the steps of a brownstone on a narrow side street, Kai continued.  She laid a hand on her brother’s shoulder as she talked.
“The Rain of Light,” she said, “is somewhat of a spiritual limbo, I suppose you’d call it.  The reason I chose to move us out of its line of sight is that it is, in fact, sentient.  Its main nerve center is in its core, which looks to be situated directly above the warehouse.  It must be choosing to anchor itself there.  I don’t know how far their sensory reach is, but being just out of its direct line of sight might help.  Especially now that it knows Ashan is here.  
“Each province and settlement has one or more Rains, spirits who have passed from this plane but have not yet ascended for one reason or another.  Some are lost souls that have forgotten their way, but eventually they remember their True Fate and move on.  Most Rain spirits, however…they are here permanently, by choice.  Normally they are there to assist those still on this plane.”
“How do they assist?” Caren asked.  “And how long have they been here?”
Kai reached out and touched her on the arm.  “They’ve been there for as long as humans have been on Gharra.  It’s only been recently, with the arrival of the Meraladians that we’ve been able to recognize them.  I believe our heightened consciousness in spiritual matters — the Mendaihu and the Shenaihu, for instance — has something to do with that.  However…I think we’ve underestimated the Rain of Light this time out.”
“We?” Caren said.  “You mean Nehalé.”
“I mean all of us,” she answered, waving her hands wide.  “I mean the Gharné, the Meraladhza, everyone.  I personally thought these sentient spirits were always benevolent.  These kinds of spirits usually are.”  She paused, looking upwards at the lighter cloud cover.  She sensed that these outer clouds were simply condensation gathered up by the Rain, harmless in their being and action.
“Something may have disrupted them,” she said.  “I believe the Rain has been…injured somehow.”
“The nuhm’ndah?” Poe offered.
“Perhaps…” Kai shrugged.  “Although I don’t know how the Shenaihu could possibly have had a part in it.  Unless…”  She stopped in thought.
“Unless that was his reason for the Awakening,” Caren said.  “He must have tried to get Denni — I mean the One of All Sacred, to Awaken as protection from something the nuhm’ndah had done.  Or was going to do.  It’s not the first time, right?  This must be…”  She shook her head, angry and exhausted at the same time.  It sounded so easy, they should have figured this out that first day!  This had been the missing motive all along, and they’d just been too blind to see it.
“This is the same thing,” Kai finished.  “The Rain of Light must not be meddled with.  Deliberate disruption of spirits in Rain manifestation is dangerous…some spirits could be easily swayed towards chaos, especially the lost ones.  Very much like stirring up a hive.  If one spirit is pushed in the wrong direction — say, as a slave to the Shenaihu or to the Mendaihu, to pit against one another — there’s a very high probability more will sway to its side.  That may explain yesterday’s attacks, to some extent.”
Goddess, Caren shuddered.  Did that man even know what the hell he was doing when he set off that ritual?
“Sure…but ordinary people?” Poe said.  “These were B-Towners attacking the church.  Not ethereal spirits!”
“They must have been directed somehow,” she said, frowning.  “Spirits have been known to cohabit with the original in its body.  Citizen or not, innocents were used and slaughtered by twinning souls.  It’s been done countless times before.”
“Who would do that?” Caren winced in revulsion.  “Who in their right mind would even contemplate doing that?”
“The Dahné, Natianos Lehanna,” Ashan said.  “The leader of the nuhm’ndah here in Bridgetown.  No one knows quite what he has in mind, but there’s no doubt he could pull this off.”
“And?”
“…and I personally believe he’s twisted enough to do it.  He knew who was behind the…um…” he faltered, averting his eyes from Caren.  “I’m certain that he knew who killed your parents, Karinna.  He must have been the one to request the case be shut down unsolved.”
Goddess…even you?  Caren seared her anger into Ashan, regardless of the psychic pain he’d received earlier.   Who else knows more than I do about my own parents?  Why have I deliberately been kept in the dark for so fucking long?
Chief Inspector Farraway.  That bastard had to have known all this time.
Ashan winced and shied away, but spiritually he was of stone.  Many know, though I cannot say I know who they are, just that they kept quiet to protect Denysia and yourself, Karinna.  Believe me when I tell you this: you would not have survived had you known when it happened.  You were not yet ready…though you are more than qualified now.
Damn you!   Caren squeezed her eyes shut tight and fought the urge to release the windstorm of anger that welled inside her.  It billowed and ate at her, consuming her own will, and it had begun to scare her.  She felt the tears rolling down her face, realizing they were not tears of rage but of fear.  She recoiled from her own fear, sought the solace of the here and now…
…Denysia…
…and brushed off the hand that Kai had extended.  She would not accept, nor ask for a soulhealer, not now.  She had had enough of running from that past.  She would finally face this pain once and for all.
Denysia…gods, please!  Please, be safe, Den…
“No,” she said to Kai, as quietly and evenly as she could.  “Thank you, but no.”  Then, to Ashan: “I do apologize, my eicho.  That will not happen again.”
Ashan accepted her apology with a silent nod.
“Well…” Kai said eventually.  “I think I know what Poe had in mind.  Although I can’t say whether or not it will work.  The hrrah-sehdhyn could act like a barrier for the Rain, if there were someone or something grounding it.  What Nehalé had in mind was the awakening of the Rain.  The nuhm’ndah had planned to keep it within those five points, thus keeping it all within a confined space.  We’d need a spiritual link — the four of us, two on either side of the pentagon border.  Two to go in and act as the conductor, two to act as the ground.  The best we can hope for is to contain the cloud in the area.  Our goal would be to drain it of energy.”
“It’ll work very much like a lightning rod,” Poe said.  “I’ve heard about it…never seen it done, though.”
Kai nodded with a smile directed at him, and proceeded to explain the steps they would have to take within the next hour or so, if they were going to stop or at least calm the storm.  Caren listened with the rapt attention she gave her ARU position.  The Alien Relations Unit certainly had its share of spiritual cases outside of its normal interspecies workload…but this, in Caren’s eyes, had to be some sort of crowning achievement.
Denysia…  Caren pursed her lips and tried hard not to let the tears well up in her eyes as she focused on her sister.  She so desperately wanted to be with her right now, to be there when she needed her help the most.  If it meant going in to uncertain territory…if it meant facing something she did not fully understand let alone trust…she would do it for her.  She would do anything for her.
“I’m going in,” she said.  “It would only make sense.”
Poe nodded.  “I’m going with her.”
Caren smiled, still choking back tears, and caressed her partner’s back.  Thank you, Alec, she said to him. 








CHAPTER TWENTY-FIVE
Consequence

…Denni picked herself up off the grass.
Grass?
She was facing a line of trees bent from the wind, set back and slightly downhill, marking the edge of an outcropping of grass and rocks.  A small footpath cut through the brush and down towards…?  She was at the Crest again.  How had she gotten up here?  That’s right…Nehalé had taken her away from the warehouse and stepped into Light.  So why here?  Why now?  Frustrated, she shook the jumble of questions out of her head, and faced the city.
Above the storm front, it was clear as day.
She caught her breath.  The immense, muddy gray clouds hovered over the city, obscuring the entirety of it save the uppermost floors of the Mirades Tower.  Its weather beacon blinked in a steady warning pattern, almost in time with the sway of the searchlights that tried in vain to cut a swath through the storm.  She felt an icy chill…an inner chill that dulled her senses and made her lethargic.  She stepped back, for all the good it would do, and willed herself not to fall prey to it.  She remembered her conversation with Ampryss, and shuddered.  
Denysia.  Amna was calling out to her.  Denysia…do not worry.  I am only waiting.  She was close by, though she could not tell where.
Amna?  Where are you?
“She is safe,” he said behind her.
“Nehalé!” she gasped, startled by his voice.  “Why are we up here?  Where’s Amna?”
Nehalé bowed his head, but it seemed more out of shame than reverence.  He was well aware that he’d been the cause of all the events up to this point, and he could no longer hide from the guilt.  “I brought you up here, Denysia, so you can see what is happening from a distance,” he said quietly, a hint of anxiety in his voice.  He gestured at the blanketed sprawl with a sweeping hand.  “The Rain of Light…the cloud covering you see before you…”
“It’s consuming us,” Denni said gravely.  She bit her lip and watched the cloud cover in silence, holding her arms tight around her in another attempt to escape the chill.  It was so ominous, so unnatural to her.  When she was last up in that otherwhere, this was exactly what she’d seen, knowing what it was even before she could understand it.  She’d seen thousands of satellite clouds like this, covering nearly all the cities up and down the coast, even in the inner Wilderlands.  “I had hoped this wouldn’t happen,” she continued.  “I’d hoped I could have avoided everything by accepting those two Shenaihu women.”  As soon as she’d said it, she knew that would not have made a difference.  Something else…something to placate the Rain of Light, to retain the balance, had to be performed.
“That was the problem,” Nehalé said.  “You see, it was your simple act of unconditional love that took them by surprise.  The Shenaihu are not always as peaceful as the Mendaihu may be, Denysia.  The Mendaihu tribe is the spiritual manifestation, they gather intellectually; it is their nature.  The Shenaihu are the physical manifestation of the Trisandi energy.  They gather physically, as that is their nature.  The nuhm’ndah are Shenaihu extremists...they gather out of a deep physical want.”
“I understand that now,” Denni said.  She shifted position again in another attempt to keep warm.  Where was this cold snap coming from?  Outside the Rain of Light, it was a humid eighty-three degrees and not a cloud in the sky.  She eyed the Rain again and huffed.  There was something she had to do, to clear it all, make it all good again.  But how?
“Denysia?” Nehalé said.  “Are you all right?”
“I’m fine,” she said, waving him off.  “So…what I don’t understand is what’s going on now.  You caused this, Nehalé Usarai.  You caused the Rain of Light to wake itself up when you woke me up.  But I am equally to blame now.  It reacted when I touched those two women, as mundane as that act may be.  Perhaps it resonated with my actions?”
Nehalé nodded.  “I’m certain that’s it.”
“What I don’t understand is why the Rain is acting the way it is.  ”
“Here,” he said, and held out a hand.  “Let me show you.”

*

“Denysia.”  Amna’s voice was clear now, speaking aloud.  She felt her hand on her shoulder as her eyes adjusted to the brighter and sharper view.  This was just like when she was at Branden Hill, when she was up in that otherwhere.  This was Lightseeing.  “I’m sorry I couldn’t be with you just then,” her friend said.  “Nehalé told me I’d be safer here.”
“I agree with him.  Things aren’t looking…”  She stopped in midsentence as she began to turn around and face the city below…
…and saw instead one giant, swirling spiral of light, and the eye of its hurricane hovering over the Waterfront Sector, specifically over the Moulding Warehouse.  All was Light.  She saw the energies of the world, felt them and understood them.  Down below, in the city, the Rain of Light had condensed to such a degree that it had become a small sun, scattered arms of Light pulling human energies ever closer to its center.  If it had not been so close and so threatening, she would have accepted the spiral’s majestic beauty.  It closely resembled a galaxy formation, in a way…
Galaxy, she thought.
That’s it!  She turned wide-eyed at the two of them, and waved her hands frantically as she fought to speak words quicker than she could come up with them.  She abruptly giggled at herself, remembering that gesture as one of her mother’s personal quirks, and began to pace as she spoke.
“We can contain it,” she said.  “We can bring it back to its dormancy again.  All we need is someone to gather it.”
Nehalé seemed to twitch at her suggestion.  “It’s highly unstable, Dearest One,” he said.  Other words hung in the air, waiting to be said, but he would never dare to call the One of All Sacred crazy.  “Who would have the strength to handle a Gathering?”
“Pool our resources,” Amna said.  “I’m sure Den could handle it on her own.  It’s just a matter of someone being there to keep everything grounded.”
Denni hid a shiver by fidgeting again.  Nervous energy coursed through her body, a mixture of excitement and intense conviction.  Caren and the others were most likely thinking the same thing, and were acting on it already.  This was an idea Poe would have come up with as well; he of all people would understand the sheer magnitude of attempting to realign the balance of such a force of energy.
“Protectors of the One are there for that reason, aren’t they?” Denni said.  “Caren and Alec are somewhere down there, with Kai and Ashan.  They’ll know what to do.”  She nodded towards the Waterfront.  She held her gaze at the swirling mass of Light and energy for a moment, watching its imminent threat and impossible beauty.  She could tell from this distance that its epicenter was over the warehouse, and there was indeed precious little time left.
“It’ll work,” she said.  “I have faith it will.”
Again, Nehalé left words hanging.  His lack of faith worried her.  She only hoped his faith in himself was as strong as he displayed it.
“I suggest we return to the warehouse first,” Amna said.  “We need to calm everyone down before we can do anything else.”
“Let’s go then,” she said aloud.  “Nehalé?”
He bowed slightly towards her.  “Yes, Dearest One?”
“Thanks for bringing me up here,” she said, touching his arm.  “I had to see what was going on from the outside before I could act.  I would have come to this conclusion eventually…but not as quickly.”
“I am but a Warrior, emha,” he said.
She grinned at his stubborn subservience.  “And a great one you are,” she said, and took his hand.  “Let’s go.”

*

Governor Rieflin stood at the tinted floor-to-ceiling windows that lined the northern wall of the governor’s quarters, silently debating how to proceed.  The billowing storm cloud circled around them and effectively cut them off from the rest of the world below.  The view of the sea of clouds and little else bordered on the surreal, and Anton felt extremely uncomfortable by it.  He stared outside, contemplating the storm, but found little in the way of answers.
He had watched it for a good part of the afternoon, especially since the disappearance of Councilor Mancka Udéma, and began to wonder about the inevitable political backlash he would be receiving soon.  He hated to think that way, but as a provincial governor, there was no getting past the vultures.  He’d be hearing from the corporations again soon enough.  He chose to ignore them for now, his main focus remaining on the situation at Moulding Warehouse.  His eyes and ears were the police and ARU forces lining the perimeter, and he trusted them.
Nandahya Mirades stood beside him, her arms crossed.  “There’s no threat to the Tower, Anton.  There’s little more we can do right now other than watch.  That storm out there seems to be hovering over the warehouse, by the looks of it.”
The swift change of subject temporarily took him by surprise.  “You’re saying it stopped there?”
“Stopped,” she echoed.  They both stared at the storm’s eye in silence for a long moment.  “Stopped,” she repeated.
“Storm clouds don’t just stop,” he said.  “Unless you can explain to me what this anomaly is, I’m afraid I can’t do a damn thing except stare at it.  Any ideas, Nandahya?”
She shrugged.  “A few, but none that make sense.  I’m thinking there might be some…” she trailed off, thoughts suddenly lost somewhere.  She dropped her arms heavily and returned to the couch on the other side of the room.  Her mouth slowly dropped into a frown, and her eyelids grew heavy.  Belatedly Anton realized she was trying to sense someone down below, so he left her alone.  He debated calling Shirai, but chose against it.  There was little she could have done anyway other than analyze the situation.  It would have to wait until…until when?  He felt lost, having no way to gauge his own emotions and thoughts against what was going on down there.  Unlike the events of the last few days, no one was coming to harm, and everyone around him had assumed that nothing dangerous would happen that he’d have to answer for.
He was clearly out of his league, and it bothered the hell out of him.
“Rain,” Nandahya suddenly said, her voice louder than expected, and he twitched in surprise.  “It’s not raining down there.”
Anton frowned.  “Excuse me?”
She shook herself out of her daze and faced him.  “It’s not raining down there.  With clouds that thick, you’d expect some form of precipitation.  I’m sensing from others down there right now that the front lobby’s cool and dry.  Not your normal cloud cover, Anton.”
Anton shivered.  “I’ve already read the meteorologists’ reports.  They just think it’s a late summer storm.  I’m feeling otherwise.”
Nandahya studied him as he said that.  “How?”
“How what?”
“How are you feeling that?  How do you know it’s not a summer storm?”
He shrugged as he glanced at the windows again.  “I don’t know…just a hunch, I guess.  And storms normally don’t stall like that, even if they’re slow moving.  Why do you ask?”
“Because I think I know what’s happening.  But before I say anything else, let me ask you a question.”
Anton cocked an eyebrow.  “What does this have to do with anything?”
“It could mean everything,” Nandahya said.  “Please, sir.”
He nodded and took a seat in the opposite couch, facing her.  They both sat on the opposite ends of their couches, she near the main exit and he near his desk.  It was an odd arrangement for them, sitting at such an angle to each other, as if they’d subconsciously tried to get as far away from each other as possible.  He had no reason to do so, it just happened by coincidence.
“I’m sorry, sir, if I’m making you uncomfortable…” she began.  “I’m just trying to understand things, just as you are.  Unfortunately, there are no ways to go about asking this without causing some kind of unease, so forgive me if I’m blunt.”
“Blunt I’m used to.  Ask away,” he said kindly, though his pained expression betrayed his voice.
“Governor…I’d like to know if you’ve been awakened.”
Awakened!  He came close to breaking out in laughter, only to stop himself just in time.  Goddess, maybe he was too exhausted to think straight.  What a thing to ask!  He was frequently mistaken for having Meraladian blood in him due to his height and body shape, but being a part of the Awakening?  Definitely not.  He’d been spared, just like everyone else who’d been inside the Tower that night.  He tried to give her the most honest and calm answer he could muster.  “As far as I know, Nandahya, I haven’t,” he said with a brief, uncertain smile.  “Although I can’t say I would have noticed any difference if I had.”
“You’d know,” she assured him.
“That would be a ‘no,’ then.  All I’ve felt is stress, annoyance, and a nagging urge to get some blessed sleep sometime this week.  I can’t say I’ve felt anything different.  Nothing out of the ordinary.”
Nandahya blushed.  “I do apologize, Governor, for being so straightforward…”
“No need for titles here,” he said, waving a hand at her.  “There’s no need to apologize.  I’m just curious, however, as to why you asked.”
She shifted in her seat, still clearly embarrassed.  “The Awakening ritual affected quite a lot of people in this city,” she said.  “More than anyone’s expected.  I needed to know.”
“I understand,” he said.  “And as I said, I don’t think I have.  However…that does make our jobs more complicated, doesn’t it?  We’re in charge of taking care of these people.  If they all happen to have a religious epiphany, great…but we still have to make sure the zealots don’t start with the witch hunts.”
Nandahya frowned at him.  “Witch hunts?  Honestly, Anton…”
“I can’t rule them out,” he persisted.  “As improbable as that may be.  Meraladians have been around for two hundred years, with very little antialien uprising against them, other than the radicals here and there.  We Gharné lucked out in that respect.  You have no idea how many of us thought your race had ulterior motives at first.”
Nandahya’s face had turned pale.  “Sir…”
“Please, let me finish,” he interrupted.  “Like I said, you’ve been around for two hundred years.  Now us Gharné?  We’ve had our own religion and spirituality for millennia, and we’ve had all levels of it, from peaceful to downright apocalyptic.  Now forgive me if I’m way out of line here, but the last time we had a major uprising of a religious or spiritual nature was a quarter century ago…and we all know how that ended.  I’m sure that nearly everyone who’s awakened the last few days have been changed for the better…but I can’t ignore the possibility that it could happen again.  I’m not about to evacuate the entire damn Sprawl any time soon, however.  I absolutely refuse to take that course of action unless it’s necessary.”
Out of the corner of his eye he saw a flash of lightning outside.  It was followed by the sound of a low rumble of thunder a few seconds later.  Perhaps the storm was finally breaking…?  In the dimming light of the office, he couldn’t tell if her reaction to those words was well-hidden shock or just plain surprise.  He pushed himself back off the couch and headed to his desk, hiding the amusement on his face.
“Don’t get me wrong, Nandahya,” he continued.  “I don’t plan to outlaw these…these divisions, for lack of a better term.  I don’t plan on stifling anyone’s freedoms.  But I won’t turn away when the violence starts, either.  I caught a lucky break when that ARU agent called the Sentinel team to St. Patrick’s, making my own non-police security agency look good in the process.  I’m sorry if that sounds crass, but I don’t mean it to be.  But when the Sentinels got involved, I was forced in myself.  You know how the media charade goes, don’t you?”
“All too well,” she said distractedly.  She’d begun staring off into that nonspace again.
“So I’m forced to keep an eye on everyone,” he continued, seating himself behind his desk.  “Or else it looks like I don’t care, or that I’m ignorant.  So many centuries of mass-produced media, and you’d think that the political mudslinging would have died out ages ago.  Again, I’m sorry if that sounds crass because I’m trying to keep my job here, not my marketability.  At any rate…the Sentinels are raring to go just in case anything happens.”
“Nothing good will come out of military intervention in spiritual matters such as this,” she said.  “I hope you know that.”
“Of course I do,” he said.  “And I hope you know that military invention in spiritual matters can save many lives as well.  Purely as a peacekeeping mission, of course.”
“Don’t start, Anton,” she countered, facing him with a devilish grin.  “You know how these kinds of arguments end up.”
He very nearly answered that with a wisecrack but decided not to.  “I’ve got the BMPD near the warehouse,” he said.  “They’re stationed four blocks away, ready to move in if anything happens.  I’ve done the same with the BMFD and emergency services.  No one moves unless they hear from me.  I’ve also got the Sentinel troop from North End close by, just in case.  Again, no moves without my say-so.”
Nandahya huffed at him.  “This is a peaceful congregation.  Admittedly it’s an illegal one, because no permit was sought…but what makes you think anything will happen?”
“What makes you think nothing will?” he asked.
Her silence answered that question for her.  He may not have had any experience in this kind of situation, but he certainly wasn’t going to go into it without being prepared.  He pushed himself out of a slouch, woke up the desk vidmat, and waited to make his next move.
“That’s why you’re here, Nandahya,” he said, facing her.  “You’re the first representative for the Mendaihu in Bridgetown.  Second in Command in the Provincial Governor’s Council.  Normally I’d contact Mancka on this sort of thing, but as she’s still missing, I have to go higher up and talk to you.  Now, we can argue spirituality until we’re blue in the face, or we can act.  I’m about to establish contact with all my divisions down there, and I would like you to be a part of this.  There’s another vidmat on this desk if you so wish to use it.”
She stared at him in utter surprise.  His words must have sounded like an ultimatum that she was nowhere near ready to face, but he had to be adamant.  After a moment she accepted, took the chair facing him, and signed herself into the network.  She watched in silence as he tapped in security codes and talked his way through at least twelve people before getting the officers he wanted.
“This is just protocol I have to follow,” he explained during a lull in the setup.  “Any questions before we go live?”
“None that I can think of,” she said.  “Am I cleared for all of this, though?  Codes and all?”
He nodded as he arranged all the connections in a grid pattern.  “Don’t worry about it,” he said and laughed quietly to himself.  “As much as it pains me to say this, I set up access for everyone on the Council a few days ago.  Yes, even Philips and Priestley.  I just haven’t had the time or the chance to feed the upgrade into your ‘mats and get you logged in.”
Nandahya frowned, but didn’t say anything right away.  She must think he was crazy, giving everyone access like that!  Especially Priestley...if Crimson-Null gave him the word, his power would trump everyone else’s, including his.  He had thought about this ahead of time, of course.  He had his own plans for his old friend from Hallera.
He glanced down at all the miniature blue screens, then back up at Nandahya.  “Are you ready?”
She nodded.  “I trust you,” she said.
He glanced at her for a second, debating the intent of those words, but chose not to dwell on it.  He reached over to the vidmat switchboard and brought all the screens to life.
But instead of seeing dozens of faces, nothing happened.  No, not entirely…one screen came to life immediately and unexpectedly, in the top right corner.  He tapped to enlarge it, and to his surprise saw the face of a civilian he hadn’t contacted at all.  The young man sat in what looked like a bedroom, though instead of furniture, an ungodly amount of techware cluttering the wall space.  He was sitting in a workstation cage.
“Ah!” the man said with an altogether too pleasant smile.  “Governor Anton.  So glad to finally meet you, sir.”
“What the — this is a restricted channel!” he barked in surprise.  “Disconnect now or you will be traced and arrested!”
“Now, now,” he said in a calm, somewhat hoarse voice.  “Is that any way to talk to the people you govern?”  He raised an eyebrow and waited for an answer.
Anton growled.  He had little time for these games, and switched the man’s feedscreen off, only to find that it had remained frozen open.  Even after prodding and punching the screen repeatedly, it was clear he no longer had control of his own vidmat.  He grunted with annoyance and contemplated calling Shirai but couldn’t, not with this civilian hacked into the system.  He glanced at Nandahya again, but she was fixated on the man’s image on the screen.  Did she know him?
“Listen…sir, I believe we need to talk,” the man said.
“Who are you?” he seethed.
Again with the self-satisfied smile.  “Let’s just say I’ve been watching you for quite some time, sir.  Just watching.”
“Watching…?”  He paled.  “Vigil.”  The man had brazenly hacked into a Provincial Governor’s deck, and he’d done so bypassing all security and evading the countless firewalls, including Shirai’s.  And he hadn’t even bothered to mask his face!  Anton stared at the man, wondering how the hell this punk had managed to do it, and why he looked vaguely familiar.  There was little he could do now, despite his best efforts, except wait out the hijacking.  If rumors about Vigil were true, he would not be able to do anything at all until this man disconnected first.
“Again, a distinct pleasure, sir,” the man said and bowed his head.  “And a pleasure to meet you as well, edha Mirades.  Now…before you move ahead with your little conference, sir, I’d like to speak with you about a few things.  Things you may find important.”
“More important than…” Anton caught himself, and prodded at the close-screen function again.  “What do you want?”
“Just to talk,” he repeated.  “It seems you and I have the same goals, and I believe we can work together.  We all want peace between the Mendaihu and the Shenaihu, of course…but that’s where you’re making the mistake, sir.  The battle is not linear, but one of balance.  The culprit here is not edha Usarai and his Mendaihu, nor is it the Shenaihu and their nuhm’ndah henchmen.  The problem, sir…lies within what you see out the window there.  The Rain of Light.”
Nandahya choked on her words.
Anton glared at her.  “You knew?” he spat.  “You knew all this damn time, and you didn’t fucking say anything?”
Nandahya said nothing, but lowered her head.
“I’m surprised you didn’t,” the Vigil said.
“Shut up!”
“Honestly, sir,” he said, holding up his hands.  “I really thought you knew.  Well — no matter.  I just want to tell you that if you continue with this uplink with your poor man’s army, I’m afraid that there may be irrevocable circumstances.”
“They’re there for security, damn you!” he yelled.  “There will be no movement unless I tell them!”
The Vigil shot him a pained expression.  “You trust them that much, sir?”
“Yes,” he said, though he knew there wasn’t enough conviction to it.  Not enough to placate this man.  “I do.”
“Well, your loss,” he quipped.  “Seriously, I’m sure they all do great jobs…but they’re way out of their league here.  Get ready to be taken completely by surprise, sir.  The playing field is about to be taken over.”
“What is that supposed to mean?”
The Vigil smiled.  “You’ll see soon enough.  Just sit tight for now.”

*

“What do you see?” Natianos Lehanna asked.
Janoss Miradesi stood at the windows of Natianos’ office, looking out over the sea of rippling clouds, and at the fleet of Special Forces helicopters hovering tentatively above them.  The sun had begun its slow afternoon descent and the resulting brilliance of color as sunlight refracted off the condensation was truly breathtaking.  Janoss, however, had not been seeing with completely human eyes, not since they had returned from Trisanda.  He had decided upon arrival that this new way of seeing offered much more truth than in a normal field of vision.  He thought of himself as a Watcher of the Shenaihu now, the first of hopefully many.  This new spectrum carried thousands more shades of Light, thousands more frames of focus.  It was a clearer, more intense vision than anything he’d ever seen, and it told no lies.  If he had chosen to switch back from Watcher to human eyesight, he would have seen Natianos as the tall, slightly stocky and intimidating man he had always known ever since he began working under him.  Now, with Watcher eyes, he saw him as he truly was: a slender, intelligent and youthful man, the same he had seen on Trisanda.
“It’s a disorganized mess,” he answered.  “Many hues, but it’s almost impossible to distinguish one from the other, even with these eyes.  There are too many to comprehend.  There’s no order to it.”
“With Lightseeing,” Natianos said, joining him at the window.  “You would have been blinded.  You would have seen only the brilliance of the souls’ energy, and not the consciousness.  A collective consciousness, though in thousands of places at once.  Each soul following its own separate destiny within the confines of a spiritual community as the Rain of Light.”
Janoss winced.  “And Nehalé believes he can control them from the warehouse?”
“He does,” Natianos smiled.  “He wishes to use the dual spirits.  Those he has gathered in the warehouse, and those inside the Rain of Light.  He wants to create a duality by Gathering.  This ritual would create a body equally Shenaihuza and Mendaihuza…a cho-nyhndah by ritual rather than by inheritance.  Most of the spirits within the Rain are Shenaihu, did you know that?”
He stared at him, the aside unexpected.  “No,” he said after a long pause.  “No, I didn’t.”  Then, after another long pause, “How did you know?”
“Because I was once one of them.”
Janoss stared at him warily.
“And I tell you this: so was Nehalé Usarai.  He and I were both in this Rain of Light that you see now, countless ages ago.  Of course, he is Mendaihu, so naturally our two souls existed side by side.  He is my duality, as it were.  My spiritual twin.  He cannot create a duality for himself, since I exist.”
Janoss frowned at him, unable to say a word.  Had he not just looked at him with Watcher eyes, he would not have believed him.  Spiritual twins, he thought with a shudder.  True enough these two were so completely polar opposites, but that one observation was not enough to prove the Natianos / Nehalé relation.  His eyes saw truth, but they did not speak it to him.  He would have to find out for himself.
“You are trying to undermine him,” he said.
Natianos’ eyebrows went up, as if he were genuinely offended by the accusation.  “Not in the least,” he said.  “I am merely showing him how duality works.  If he is to awaken the Mendaihu soul within these people, then I equally must awaken their Shenaihu side.  He’s gotten it all wrong, you see.  He’s thinking in terms of polarity.  Quite a few people are, really.  It seems we’re lucky, though…the One of All Sacred seems to understand the truth this time out.”  He paused, laughing to himself.  “Simple misconception, really.  Polarity is the belief that there are two sides to a human soul…good and evil, let’s say…and that they exist separately.  One is inherently this or that, chooses one or the other or has it chosen for them.  Duality, on the other hand, is the belief that these two sides coexist symbiotically.  One can be this and that.”
He turned back to the window.  “Nehalé thinks he’s going for a duality, but for what reason?” he continued.  “Does he think that a cho-nyhndah will nullify the animosity between the two?  That is trying to rewrite history, and it makes no sense.  He must join with us in peace, if he’s going to get anywhere, and that is the only way it can happen.  That is what I was trying to tell you on Trisanda, Janoss.  The Shenaihu and the Mendaihu are together a duality.  One that cannot be abandoned and forgotten again.”
The bitter truth hit Janoss hard.  He had coordinated the hrrah-sehdhyn yesterday at Natianos’ insistence.  He had even fought Nehalé himself!  Now, with his own words, he was faced with an altogether different reason why the attacks had taken place.  Duality?  He shivered, and didn’t care that Natianos was watching him closely, watching his every action and reaction.  Did everything come down to some cosmic game played by some unknown god, perhaps even the One of All Sacred?
“What about —” he started.
“Free will?” Natianos said, cutting him off.  “Oh, that we still have.  Trust me, if we didn’t, would you and I be here right now, doing nothing but watching the Rain of Light try to devour the city?”  He let out a small laugh and shook his head.  “Okay, that was uncalled for.  But truthfully, Janoss…this is bigger than the freedom of the soul.  This is absolute freedom.  The reason we’re not doing anything right now, is because Nehalé and the One of All Sacred are about to save us from a potential disaster.  It’s his turn to play now; all we can do is watch.”
Janoss hid a sickening shiver.  He was more confused than ever now; did this mean that there was Mendaihu blood inside his own skin as well?  That there was Shenaihu blood inside Nehalé?  That he could channel a side of him so bent on the destruction of its twin!  And he had tried to do just that at the church yesterday…he had tried to kill Nehalé with his own hands!  “What happens next?” he said quietly.  
His voice barely reached Natianos, who had moved back to the couches against the far wall.  He turned away from the window to see him sitting comfortably in one of the couches, one muscular leg crossed over the other.  “I really do not know,” Natianos said, throwing his hands up.  “Once we are all awakened…truly awakened, mind you, to the duality…it is up to the One of All Sacred to tell us what we must do next.”
Janoss remembered that one man…that one Shenaihu who had died early in the fight, when Nehalé had slammed him down into the ground, breaking his neck in the process.  That man, whose name he no longer remembered, had spoken within, his voice screaming in vengeance.  He had heard him…how could he not?  His anger had consumed him, and his voice had carried throughout the place.  Anybody who knew to listen within could have heard him.  That was why he had returned to meet Nehalé face to face, rather than keep his distance.
Knowing what he knew now, he began to think that attacking the man as he did might not have been the greatest of ideas after all.
Knowledge is Light, he reminded himself, and took a seat on the second couch.  Learn from your mistakes.  He contemplated saying something to Natianos…but could not find any useful words at that moment.  Whatever was done was done.  He would have to make peace with his actions.  Despite all that he was and everything he believed in, fate was completely in Mendaihu hands now.








CHAPTER TWENTY-SIX
Faith

Anton glared at the man on the vidmat screen who’d stopped talking to him ten minutes ago.  “You still haven’t told me why you’re here,” he said.
“In time, Governor,” the Vigil said distractedly, shooting a side glance his way as he tapped away at an unseen keyboard.  “In time.”
Anton dug his fingernails into his palms.  This punk kid from Vigil had not only frozen his link with his Special Forces troops, but had also frozen any other link to the outside.  He couldn’t even raise a link to his secretary just outside.  Again he thought of reaching out to Shirai, and again decided against it.  There was just too much of a chance she could be corrupted, and Goddess knew what would happen then.
“Keep in mind, there are ways we can work around our situation,” the Vigil said.  “I’ve already told you what could happen.  The choice is yours.  What I do suggest, however, is that you tell those people of yours not to advance.  I know that was your intent — I only need to ensure you make good on it.”
He glanced at Nandahya.  She only shrugged in response.  “And once I do that?” he grumbled.
The Vigil smiled at him.  “Once you do that, you can give yourself a congratulatory pat on the back for not putting millions of civilians in harm’s way once the Rain clears away, and you end up being one of Bridgetown’s best-loved Governors in the process.”
“Comforting,” he said flatly.
“It had better be comforting,” the kid said gravely.  “If I were to let you wreak havoc under an unstable Rain of Light, there’s a good chance you would be looking at a death toll of at least half the city, Governor.  Here, let me show you what I’m talking about.”  He and Nandahya were both startled by the sudden appearance of a hologram covering the entire desk surface.  It was a low-res image of the Bridgetown Sprawl, from the Crest all the way down to Sachers Island and a little beyond.  “This is what is happening right now.  Here’s the Rain of Light…”  Another few keystrokes and a transparent orange haze of clouds covered most of the city.  It covered the entirety of the Sprawl, with only the Crest and the upper half of the Mirades Tower reaching above it.  “And here’s what’s going to happen, if everything goes as planned.  This is sped up, but the Cleansing ritual itself lasts about a half hour.”
Somewhere close to Moulding Warehouse, a tiny pinprick of light flashed on and off.  Nandahya pointed out the second flashing point of light closer to the ocean’s edge.  After a few moments the cloud-matrix began dissipating, drawn towards the inland light until the sky was once again clear.  The two pulses of light slowed until they two finally disappeared.
“Wait for it,” the Vigil said.
Seconds later, the hologram buzzed and twitched, building in intensity until the entire image burst into bright light.  And just as quickly as it had appeared, it died away, leaving the hologram city once again in peace.
“What the hell was that?” Anton said, his voice just above a whisper.  His heart beat hard and quick in his chest.  He’d read and remembered Shirai’s initial report, but until this very moment he hadn’t realized just how right she’d been.  What the hell was going on in his city…?
“That is an energy dump,” the Vigil answered with an added level of fascination.  “A ritual takes up all the excess energy in the Rain of Light you’re seeing out there, and grounding it.  If I’m not mistaken, that’s a Benjamin’s Key they’re using.  Quite impressive.  I didn’t know they were still around.”
Anton exhaled, dreading his next question.   He had to know.  “And if things don’t go according to plan?”
“Well…” he paused, frowning deeply.
“What?”
He nodded, tapped again at the unseen keyboard, and looked at him.  “Don’t say I didn’t warn you.”  He capped his words with the loud solitary clack of a keystroke.
There were no two points of light this time.  The clouds remained.  Golden arrows, denoting his own forces, moved towards the various parts of the city where action had been reported over the last hour, as well as towards the warehouse.  Arrows turned to dots as each point became secure and closed down.  Everything seemed to go smoothly through the haze of the clouds.
“So my teams take over,” Anton said.  “I don’t see anything happening.”
“That was the first two hours, sir,” he said.  “This is what happens ten hours later, when the Rain keeps charging itself up with energy.”  The cloud-matrix grew thicker, heavier, until the entirety of the city had become obliterated by an inky darkness.  It became a storm cloud of immense size and power, eventually growing higher and higher until even the tip of the Mirades Tower had been swallowed up.  He could see the arcs of light again, and other makings of a tremendously violent hurricane.  “Ten hours later, Governor.  Winds have reached catastrophic speeds just within the area covered by the Rain.  Most of the city is now under the throes of the worst natural and supernatural disaster it has ever faced.  Buildings are demolished...millions of people die...spirits consume themselves, fueling the Rain more and more...but it gets worse.”
Anton shivered.  “Worse?”
“Much worse, sir,” he said.  “The energy just keeps building, literally siphoning the life force out of those who’ve survived thus far.  Eventually the Tower itself is destroyed.  Until…”
Another white flash of light appeared within the darkness and just as quickly, expanded.  And, just as quickly, faded into nothingness.  This time leaving the entirety of Bridgetown a barren, cratered wasteland.
Anton felt bile rising in his throat.
“That is what happens if you let your teams take over, Governor.”  He smiled apologetically.  “Believe me when I tell you, sir.  I don’t normally agree with everything you say or do, but on this one thing I am on the same side as you.  I only wish to serve and protect the citizens of Bridgetown.  Let whoever is using the Benjamin’s Key do what they have to do.”
Anton sat silently, staring at the hologram of a decimated city.  No one had ever seen such devastation since the nuclear uprisings over three hundred years ago.  He had seen data on it himself, and this low-res holo was a far cry from those disquieting files…yet this was his city.  He could not let that happen.  As much as he hated to admit it, he could not ignore the warnings of Vigil in this instance, jacker punks or not.  It had been his plan all along not to move in…but now he had reason to doubt these team leaders.
“So what do I do now?” Anton said, fatigue creeping into his voice.
“Now…” the Vigil said, and paused to think.  “Now, we wait.”
Anton groaned.  “Wait?  We don’t have the damn time to —”
“Yes, Governor,” he growled at him.  “We do have time.  Have patience.”
He opened his mouth to say something else, thought better of it, and let out a breath of resignation.  He glanced at Nandahya but she did not respond, only catching his gaze for a moment, before distractedly looking back down at the screen in front of her.
“Fine,” he said, closing his eyes.

*

Caren stood on McCleever Street four long blocks away from her sister, and despite her conviction she could not help thinking she would never see her again.  She’d fought with that inner demon constantly, but never was it as strong as it was now.  As she stood under the archway of the apartment building, waiting for Poe to contact her again, she arched her neck and looked up towards the warehouse.  Streetlights illuminated its concrete and corrugated metal a warm pale yellow-green, making its appearance somewhat forgettable, were it not for the fact that the darkest of clouds hovered less than a few thousand feet above it.  A dark, painful loneliness hung over her own head, as if in her heart and in her mind she had already accepted Denni’s departure.
Denni hadn’t died or been harmed, she was quite certain of that.  She could still feel her presence among the chaos that swelled within those four walls.  Or rather, she had sensed her physically returning to the warehouse ten minutes ago, where she previously had only felt a lingering thread, a hint of consciousness tethered to a distance much farther away.  Had she stepped into Light?  Where had she gone for that last half hour?  She could feel a lingering chaos within the warehouse as well…what had happened?  Caren growled in frustration as once again she became all too aware that she had not yet come to terms with her sister being a goddess…every disappearance, however temporary, still hit her squarely in the gut.  It was the reason she’d decided to split from her partner and make her way back to the warehouse.
Poe knew more about the One of All Sacred than anyone else on her ARU team.  She’d often wondered what powers the One may have…and how he or she would use them.  The Awakened had been under the rule of eight previous Dearest.  They all followed the One of All Sacred to varying degrees, some with devout conviction while others regarded her as little more than a spiritual presence taken for granted.
Would Denni be any different?
Caren’s commlink, clipped to the epaulet of her overcoat, crackled with static.  “Poe to CJ, you read?”
She tensed up instinctively, and forced herself to shake it off.  “CJ here, go ahead,” she responded.
More static filtered through, this time followed by the bzzzzzt of a stray lightning charge disrupting the bandwidth; she saw the white flash of light somewhere to her left.  Three seconds later she heard the thunderclap rumbling down the street towards her.  Less than a mile away.
Poe held for a few seconds before responding again, but his voice cut out under another bolt of lightning, followed by the thunder four seconds later.  Farther away, but still dangerously close.
“Unheard, Poe,” she responded.  “Repeat.”
He started again, his voice clearer this time.  “Are you still on McCleever?”
“Yes I am,” she answered, and stepped out onto the sidewalk, the chilling wind pushing at her face.  “Just getting out of harm’s way at the moment.  I don’t trust that lightning.”
“Get as close to the warehouse as possible,” he said.  “Inside if you can, that’s the safest place for you.  I’m almost at Christine’s place…if we’re going to pull this off, we’re going to need a Benjamin’s Key.”
Caren blinked.  “You have got to be kidding me,” she said, more to herself than to Poe.  “I thought those were outlawed after the Seventh Embodiment.”
“Unsanctioned use, yes,” he said.  “She’s got a license for it.”
“Are you sure it’ll work?” she asked, laughing despite her misgivings.  “That’s a pretty small grounding wire for a damn huge storm.”
“Well…we’ll find out,” he said.
“Here’s to faith,” she said.  “Good luck, Alec.  Hope to see you soon.”
crrrrrrraaaaakkkk--
Caren cursed and jumped back into the archway as a lightning bolt came searing down into the middle of the street.  Her heart skipped a beat as she saw it hit not a hundred feet away.  For a brief moment she felt the tingling of electric energy shooting through her nervous system and fell backwards, slamming up against the heavy wooden front door.  She blindly grabbed at the concrete railing and slid down onto it, gasping for air.
With a sudden rumbling whoosh a wall of heavy rain and wind pushed its way down the street towards her, turning everything a dark gray.  Within seconds the downpour was on top of her, drenching everything and everyone in sight.  Caren cursed again, hiked up the collar of her uniform, and despite her still spinning head, began to run towards the warehouse.  She only had a few more blocks to go.  She was instantly waterlogged, cold and miserable as soon as she’d stepped out from the stoop, and the fright of the close lightning strike had made her temporarily forget where exactly she needed to be.  Once at the end of the block she darted across the street and continued up McCleever, towards the warehouse.
“You okay, Caren?” she heard from her commlink.  “Thought that one hit you.”
“I’m fine,” she said as she ran.  “I’m getting drenched here, Poe, but otherwise all is well.  Thanks for the concern.”  She hadn’t meant that to sound so sarcastic, but it seemed to amuse him.  “Coming up on Holgate, about two blocks ahead.”  She slowed to a jog, then to a brisk walk until she came to a long row of restaurant awnings.  Crowds packed themselves in below them, and it wasn’t until she hit the third one that she managed to find a spot to catch her breath.
“Damn, Poe,” she huffed.  “Had I known, I would have worked out before doing this marathon.”
Poe’s laugh came over the static.  “Where are you now?”
“DiTaranto’s Ristorante,” she said, craning her neck to read the sign in the window.  “You know, I’ve always wanted to go here.  I hear they make great calzones.”
Poe waited a few seconds before responding.  “Hey,” he said.
Exasperated, she huffed quietly.  “Yes, Alec, what is it?”
“Last chance, kid.  You sure this is what you want?”
She smirked despite her annoyance.  “Forget it.  Give me five minutes to get my bearings and I’m off.  There’s no talking me out of this.  Denni’s in there, Poe.  I can’t leave her alone.  If I’m walking into my own death sentence, so be it.  As long as I did it trying to protect her.”
“I see your point, Caren, but…” he trailed off.
“But what?”
He stuttered, started to say something, and released the comm.
“Yeah, I know,” she smiled.  Goddess, she was one damn lucky girl to have him as a partner.  “Don’t worry, Alec.  Drinks on me tomorrow at Yoshi’s, okay?”
“I’m there,” he said.  “Good luck, Caren.  Tell Den I said hi.”
“Heh.  Sure thing.”
Caren let go of the commlink, looked up the street at the warehouse, and contemplated her next move.

*

Sculler’s Crossing had always been a marketplace bustling with shoppers and tourists and vendors, but now it had become a cold and desolate crime scene.  Kai and Ashan walked briskly past the southern entrance, a tall and elaborately carved marble archway beckoning locals and tourists alike onto its brightly set walkways.  The attack had occurred three blocks in, close to the southern food courts and well out of view of the main street, but the resulting violence had deeply affected the marketplace.  Kai sent out a thin sliver of energy down the deserted alleyway.  She felt the lingering terror and pain, too close and sharp, and quickly retracted her Mendaihu senses.  Ashan met her eyes but said nothing.  He didn’t have to, his scowl said it all.  He’d felt it just as deeply as she had.
Much like the attack at St. Patrick’s, it had been a cold, calculated move against the Mendaihu in the area by a violent nuhm’ndah mob.  They had also been indiscriminate in choosing their targets here, killing twenty-three civilians in the process before Sentinels had arrived.  This had been a smaller attack aimed at no certain person in particular, and smaller than at the church, yet it had claimed the most lives.  It was heartbreaking…Kai could only hope the healing would come soon.
Ashan had turned away and was looking further up the street.  The normally congested intersection of McCleever and Northern Avenue was eerily empty.  “We can go anywhere past here,” he said, pointing at the six-lane cross street.  “Then we’ll be out of the hrrah-sehdhyn.  The coast is five blocks on.”
Kai checked her watch.  They certainly had enough time to get on the other side of the avenue, but any farther than that would be pushing the timeframe they had set up.  She motioned ahead and continued walking.  She didn’t say anything to her brother, but she still felt that swell of fear she’d sensed moments ago, a fear that would stay there for some time despite the healing.  She felt the pain of the loss, and the anger of the survivors and loved ones.
“We have twenty minutes,” she said.  “One street past Northern is fine.  We need a perch, though.”  That had been in the back of her mind, ever since Alec had suggested it.  In order to channel whatever excess energy and Light that might spill out of the Warehouse once they harnessed the Rain of Light, there was a chance they’d have to deflect it elsewhere, anywhere, in case the Benjamin Key would not be able to ground it.  This would require at least a few minutes for them to access the tallest building they could find in the vicinity so they could direct it out into the ocean.  Most of the offices and apartments past Northern Avenue were evenly built and no taller than six stories, and she hoped that would not present a problem.  They would then need another few minutes to prepare themselves as Soulhealers.  They would have a window of, at most, five minutes in which to contact Caren and Alec before anything else.
Kai noticed with interest that in the hundred yards they walked from the gate to Sculler’s Crossing to Northern Avenue, the unspoken sense of fear she’d felt had dropped away considerably.  There had been a sudden release of tension in her shoulders and temples that she hadn’t noticed until that moment.  Ashan had sensed it as well, looking over his shoulder.
Did you feel that? she asked.
Ashan nodded, his worry giving way to curiosity.  It’s like…a barrier. 
She looked back herself.  Surely she wouldn’t be able to see anything…?  But there they were, dark shadows falling across the sidewalk they had just traveled down, fading into light just a few yards away.  She dismissed her thoughts just as quickly, knowing that made no sense.  They were on the edge of the storm cloud, the late afternoon sun peeking just past the edge.  She looked up into the sky, confirming the much more logical reason.  The shadows along the sidewalk were just that, nothing more.  Unless…
“The hrrah-sehdhyn,” Ashan said, mirroring her next thought.
She closed her eyes and sensed.  She dared not use her Lightseeing, not after her brother had been nearly blinded looking directly at the Rain of Light.  But standing this close, she did not need to see, because the difference in energies between where they had been and where they stood now was unnervingly stark.  She could almost visualize a demarcation line cutting across the street.  It is no longer cold, she said within.  I no longer feel the dread, the anger…the pain.  You’re right, Ashan.  It is a barrier.  It’s keeping the pain within.  It’s gathering…which means…!
She hid a gasp, turning away from him before he could notice.  “We have little time,” she said quickly, hiding her sudden wave of fear, and turned back ahead.  She didn’t want to say anything, not right now.  But they needed to get in position right away, before it was too late.  They ran quickly to the end of the block and weighed the options in front of them.  Ashan pointed to an eight story office tower a block and a half away.  She nodded, already heading that way.  “Can you sense Alec and Caren?” she asked.
“Checked in on them a few minutes ago,” he said, a hint of annoyance in his voice.  “Caren’s close.  Too close.  Alec’s four blocks south.”
It took Kai a moment to catch what he’d meant.  “They split up?”
Ashan shook his head.  “Call it fate.  Maybe she was meant to be at the warehouse…to be with Denni after all.”
There was nothing she could do or say to that.  It was too late to adjust their plans.  They had to make their way up to the roof of this building in the next few minutes and prepare themselves for whatever Alec threw at them.  She had little worry in Alec keeping his part of the plan, she knew that much.  He was making his way to the apartment of the former ARU agent they spoke of at the Crest, and presumably she was to be their Diviner.  As for Caren…
Goddess…she’d never been able to accurately read her, so she had no idea what could happen with her.  She held herself so close, so guarded, that no one had been able to pinpoint her true self.  Not even Alec fully understood what she might be within.  She felt a stab in her heart every time she thought of her like this.  She could only hope…
Peace, Love and Light, Karinna, she said within, hoping she heard.

*

Peace, Love and Light, Karinna.
The voice stopped her in her tracks and sent a shiver down her spine.  She managed to stumble under another awning before she realized it was not Denni who had spoken, but Kai.  She had just blessed her…what had she done?  Was there not enough time?  She glanced at her watch; she had another ten minutes to reach the warehouse, only two blocks away.  She had more than enough time.  She’d make it there in five.  She’d spoken with Ashan on her comm right after she’d finished talking with Poe, and had shown little concern aside from making sure this insane plan actually worked.  Why had Kai blessed her…?
The question quickly faded from her thoughts when she saw the lone man standing under the next store awning, fifteen feet away.  He was young with long dirty blonde hair tied back in a tight ponytail, and his features were plain.  He looked to be somewhere in his early to mid-twenties.  He was taller than her by about five or six inches, but his build made him look shorter than he actually was.  He was standing there, humming to himself and holding two large umbrellas.  One he had open and held aloft, the other closed and pointing down, the tip resting on the toe of his right boot.  He twirled the handle of the second umbrella around, mindlessly playing a balancing game with it.  He seemed to be off in his own little world despite the chaos unraveling around him.  Eventually he looked up, straight into Caren’s eyes.
The effect was instantaneous.  She stared right back at the young man and caught her breath.  She knew him intimately.  Goddess, she knew this young man as if they’d been friends and lovers for years!  Her brain refused to believe at first, but her heart immediately knew.  It was the exact same connection she’d made with all those people she knew she’d never met before on Trisanda.  And this was the man who had brought her there, in that dream.  A dream that had only been days previous, yet seemed so long ago…
He was a connection.  An anchor.  Her anchor.  Yes, that was it.  You’re…
He smiled at her.
A…Anando? she said within.
His eyes.  His eyes were magnificent shade of brown, warm and inviting.  He had willingly opened up a portal to his soul to her, reaching out with gossamer tendrils that reached straight through the thickest, most impenetrable wall she had built within herself.  No one, not even Poe or Denni, or even her parents, had been able to tear that wall down so easily.  His spirit touch felt so…alien, yet so familiar.
So familiar…
Anando, she said again.
His spirit touch felt like love.  An uncompromising love that went beyond anything she’d felt ever in her life.  It was beyond family, beyond physical and emotional.  It was pure.
“Somfei cho-shadhisi eilee,” he said.  Hello, my dearest love.
Caren stared at him, mouth open but no words coming out, but every single wall of defense she’d ever built in her life came crumbling down all at once.  Years of anger and frustration at the world…years of physical and emotional pain she’d endured…the hurt and sadness of the loss of her parents, the terror that she’d lose her sister.  She felt another shudder as he nodded, a nervous giggle escaping his lips.  It was the simple lopsided smile of youth and the loving glance of someone she’d known throughout all her lifetimes, who had always been there for her.  And would be forever more.
Lifetimes… she thought.  She knew him from some other life, some other time, some other universe…it made no sense!  No one ever fell in love — no one ever knew love this easily!  This could not be possible.  And yet at this very moment, they were standing a half-block away from her little sister…the most holy and revered One of All Sacred, the one who would save the worlds and protect them from harm.  Maybe it could happen…?  Her mind reeled.  She felt some deeper connection with Anando, some unexplainable attraction that went beyond physical and emotional.  She was so sure of this connection she dared not question it.  She was Mendaihu, and her spirit had never lied to her.  And at this very moment, it sang.
Somfei Anando…cho-shadhisi eilee, she said.  Cho-shadhisi…he had used ‘twin’ in his Anjshé.  Not dearest love, but soul mate.  And she had answered the same, knowing it to be the truest thing she’d ever spoken.  His smile widened, his dark eyes looking down on her with such a radiant love she found herself shivering.
I… she started.
No need to explain, dearest Karinna, he answered.  I understand.
He held out the opened umbrella to her, covering the gap between the two awnings.  Wordlessly she took it, her hand brushing up against his.  She walked out from under her own awning, under the umbrella, and immediately into his awaiting arms.
She felt her own spirit dance…gossamer tendrils of her own making, slowly rising from the shell that she had kept closed all this time.  It was the spirit dance of one who has found pure peace within and with others…and she had found it, at long last.  The source of this peace was so mundane, so unexpected she had reason to doubt it.  Surely there was more to love and inner peace than this!  Still in his arms, she gazed up into his eyes and into his soul.  A soul that so perfectly complemented hers, though she still could not imagine how.
“Goddess…” she said, her voice but a whisper.  
Anando…lifetimes have passed.  I have forgotten it all… She held him as tightly as she could, not daring to let go.  She felt tears welling up and forced herself not to show them.  I wish I could remember!
With a flick of his wrist, he opened up his own umbrella and directed her towards the warehouse.  We will have all the time we need to rekindle those memories, he said within.  Come.  Denysia needs you now more than ever.
She nodded silently, wrapped an arm around him and walked with him the rest of the way.  Their link was forever, that much she remembered.  If she had to wait a day, a month, another eternity to bring back those memories, so be it.  For now she rejoiced in knowing she would soon be with two of the small handful of people she loved more deeply than anyone and anything else in the universe.  And together, they would protect Earth.
Mendaihu Gharra, she thought.  I shall protect the Earth.
And I shall be there beside you, he answered.

*

“Poe to CJ, do you copy?  Where the hell are you?”  
Poe cursed after calling her name for the third time.  He stood outside the storefront on Haden Street, under the awning, holding the comm up high and swiveling in place in the distant hope that her lack of response was actually a bad satellite connection.  He tried once more to no avail and gave up, reclipping the comm to his jacket.  He stepped into the small storefront office, sparsely decorated with office furniture and exactly one large painting of the Bridgetown skyline, and knocked on the doorframe as he passed it.  “Hello?” he called out.
“She has found another way,” Christine said, stepping out from behind a beaded curtain that hung across the wide arch of the back hallway.  “She will dispel these inner demons with and without your help.  Make no mistake: you are still important to her.  There is nothing personal in her decision.”
“Hello to you too,” Poe said, smiling at her.  “Goddess, it’s great to see you again, Chris.”  She stood at the doorway, white towel in hands, briskly drying her rain-drenched blond curls.  She looked at him with stunning blue eyes, one brow arched higher than the other in amusement.  Poe’s pulse quickened as he saw her, and remembered all too clearly how beautiful she was.
“Alec Poe,” she nodded. “Just the person I’ve been looking for.”
“It’s been too long,” he said, and gave her a tight hug.  “Listen — we’ve got an emergency, and I need your help.  We have about ten minutes to kickstart a Gathering using a Benjamin’s Key.  You up for it?”
Christine burst out laughing and pushed him away.  “Are you kidding?  Is that what you came up with?”
Poe winced, and pointed upwards with his thumb.  “Best we could, given the situation.  The weather is going nuts out there, and it’s not slowing down.  You were the first person I thought of, plus I heard you were looking for me.  We have two Mendaihu as grounders out on Northern Avenue if we need to redirect.”
Her amusement died a quick death and she glared at him.  “You aren’t kidding.”  She studied him for a moment, thin arms crossed in front of her.  A moment later she turned and retreated to the back of the store again.  “Hold on a second.”
Immediately Poe felt guilty.  This was a woman he hadn’t talked to for over six months, since she took a well-deserved break from soul divining.  He could have come over to visit her at any time, and yet it hadn’t occurred to him.  And here he was, throwing a life-threatening emergency at her as if it was nothing.
A moment later she returned wearing a black B-Town Saints ball cap and a dark green overcoat and carrying a large briefcase, which she pushed into his arms.  She smiled at him as if she hadn’t minded his sudden rush; in fact, she looked as if she was looking forward to it.  She closed and locked her office, and led him to a rear stairwell.  She bounded up the stairs so quickly that Poe nearly had to run in order to catch up.
“So what are we looking at?” she asked over her shoulder.
“The Rain of Light,” Poe wheezed.  “Pashyo, will you slow down?  You know I still smoke.”
That elicited a laugh from her.  “Then quit, Alec.  Rain, huh?  Sounds like corruption.  Anyone I know cause it?”
This time Poe laughed, though his was laced with a bitter taste.  “Haven’t you been watching the news, Christine?  This is a spiritual war we’re fighting here.  That thing was awakened by a Mendaihu and corrupted by a nuhm’ndah.”
“I know,” she kidded.  “Just wanted to make sure you were up on things.”
He shook his head.  “Knew I could count on you.”
“Damn straight.”  She rounded the last flight of stairs and stopped just short of the roof access door, waiting for Poe to catch up.  She placed her hand on it, but did not push it open.  “Let’s get one thing straight, Alec,” she said, not facing him.  “Any other Agent, any other day, I wouldn’t think twice about kicking their sorry ass back out the door.  You…”  She took a deep breath, then another.  “You’re like an older brother to me, Alec.  I can’t forget that.”  Finally, summoning up her courage, she turned and flashed a forced grin at him.  “Besides…I kind of figured you’d be looking for me anyway.  Consider me hired.  Adjust your collar and let’s go.”
She gave the door a much harder kick than expected, and they were met with a wall of icy rain pounding directly upon them.  They both yelped and shielded their eyes as they crossed the roof towards a small wooden shed set up near the rear of the building.  She fumbled with her keys, unlocked the door and pushed Poe in.
“You are invited,” she said, waving a hand around the shed.  “I do most of my spells, rituals, and healings up here now.  Put the case near that floor latch.”
“I remember this place,” he said.  It was once a bare room with very little in the way of comfort, though comfort was not always a concern when she did spiritual work.  Now there were several throw pillows on which to kneel, a kotatsu for gathering circles, a supply of candles and incense, and a tiny refrigerator in the corner for refreshment.  The room looked well used.  In the months since she’d left the ARU, she’d done well.
Christine opened the briefcase and pulled out a sturdy leaden hoop shaped in wide oval.  It had no ornamental carvings or meaningful symbols inlaid on it, nor did it have any intricately placed objects reaching to the heavens.  It was a simple, dark-colored, egg-shaped hoop.  She had him fasten a heavy rod into the base of the hoop while she held it in place.  Lastly she opened up a roof hatch, and together they stuck the artifact through to the outside and secured a weighted stand at the base, and secured it into the notch in the floor.
The Benjamin’s Key stood before them, twelve feet high and completely uninspiring.  Poe had only seen one once before, and that had been in the artifacts library of ARU Headquarters.  It seemed like an ordinary scepter, and to an untrained eye it would have been little more than a curious conversation piece.  Its true power, however, lay within its wielder.  It was a conductor of spiritual energy that needed to be drained as quickly as possible.  Such energy was usually unstable, chaotic and in such vast quantity that only the best of wielders were physically and psychically strong enough to withstand it.  The misbegotten name had come from an old pre-Landing myth of a provincial forefather experimenting with energy using lightning and a key, and it had stuck over time.
Satisfied, Poe reached out to Kai and Ashan over his comm to let them know everything was set on his end…and added with some trepidation that Caren had returned to the warehouse.  The news was met more with curiosity than with worry.
“Perhaps it is better she’s there with her,” Kai suggested.  “If anything happens…”  She herself did not want to finish her words, the same Poe had thought but had dared not say.  The silence hung for what seemed too long a time.  “Ashan and I will start the ritual,” she said finally, her voice cold.  “Christine can activate the Key whenever she feels ready.”
“I’ll be here as well,” he said, and held the commlink away from him for the moment.  “We do this together.”
“You don’t have the knowledge or the experience,” she said.
“I have the faith,” he said, giving her an impish smile.
The comment made her laugh, and she nodded approval.  “Yes,” she said, “that you do, Alec.  In abundance.  Tell Kai to give us ten more minutes so I can give you a crash course.” 








CHAPTER TWENTY-SEVEN
Revelation

In the span of twenty-four hours, Denni had gone from protected little sister and recently awakened Mendaihu to the world-revered One of All Sacred.  She had gone from Earth to Trisanda and back in under an hour.  She’d figured out how to control Nehalé’s ritual almost as soon as she’d seen its reach from space.  She’d returned to the warehouse with the ability to calm the emotions of everyone within.  She suddenly had a claim to such a vast amount of knowledge it could not be measured; a knowledge she couldn’t completely fathom, yet she could access it with ease, and understand it instantly once within her grasp.  She could do so many impossible things with her newfound power she feared she was losing focus.  She ran on Mendaihu instinct as much as possible, and thanked Caren profusely for giving her reason to trust it.
And now Caren was here.  Thank the Goddess, her sister had come!
Led by Anando, Caren entered through one of the bay doors with her eyes wide.  She’d expected a gathering, but nothing this large…and luckily, she had come after the crowd had calmed again.  Denni could sense her from across the room…her whole spirit shimmered with equal parts confusion and awe, but when Caren finally found her standing at the top of the mezzanine stairs, that confusion turned to such a powerful love and relief that Denni nearly lost her footing.  She giggled in delight, never having felt such a strong energy from her, and bounded down the stairs to meet her.  She darted past the throng of people who were making way for her as quickly as they could, and finally crashed into Caren’s awaiting arms.
Oh Denysia… Caren spoke from within, her arms wrapped tightly around her.  You wouldn’t believe how much I love you right now…
She sank into her sister’s embrace, remembering the countless times she had done so before when she was younger, smaller, and not yet awakened.  She could feel her own spirit intertwining with Caren’s, forever bound.
Karinna, she said.  My one constant.  My anchor.
Caren looked down at her quizzically but with a sense of amusement.  In their lives together, Caren had constantly told her of her personal troubles and how constantly chaotic her own life was.  But to Denni it was Caren’s unending pursuit of that perfect inner peace that drove Denni herself to achieve it for the both of them.  She knew this was not out of the many psychic gifts she now found herself with.  This was from within her heart.
“Poe is setting up a Benjamin’s Key a few blocks from here,” Caren said out loud, not only for her sake but for others to hear as well.  “I believe they’ll be ready within the next fifteen to twenty minutes whenever you want to start the cleansing.”
Denni gaped at her.  “How did you know…?”
“As soon as I saw Anando, I understood,” she said, and blushed.  Blushed!  Caren never did that!  “As much as it pains me not to dig into past lives in order to remember where I’ve met Anando before…”  Caren turned to Anando and gave him a knowing smile.  Denni stole a glance at the young man she had seen floating throughout the place an hour before.  How had she not recognized his signature before now?  “I had to figure out how everyone fit in,” Caren continued.  “We were all wrong from the beginning…we all thought it was chaos out there, that Rain of Light, an aftereffect of edha Usarai’s ritual and the hrrah-sehdhyn, but that wasn’t it at all — it was there for a reason.  It wasn’t chaos, but a gathering of spirits.  I knew a cleansing was coming as soon as I saw Anando, because he was there for me, to guide me back to you.  Every action had a reason, Denni.  There was no chaos at all.  And it all fell into place at that moment.”
“Like things finally made sense,” Denni said, more to herself than to Caren.
“And about damned time,” she groaned.  “When Kindeiya Shalei contacted us, he said that you’d be down at the warehouse by four.  Why the warehouse?  And why so many Mendaihu and Shenaihu jammed into one large place?  Then it hit me: the reason I couldn’t sense the Rain was because I was expecting to feel Mendaihu souls up there…of which there are very little.  Isn’t that right, Nehalé?”
Denni looked over her shoulder.  Nehalé, who had kept his distance, now stepped forward to join the conversation.  “That is correct, emha Johnson,” he said evenly.  They both stared at each other for a long and uncomfortable moment, she with the cold professionalism of her duty, and he with what seemed to be both wariness and pity.  For that long moment, Denni dared not breathe.  This one moment decided the fate of more than just her duty or his achievement in the Awakening.
Slowly and deliberately, Caren let out a long breath, yet never taking her eyes off of him.  “Kindeiya knew about the Rain of Light being mostly Shenaihu spirits,” she said coldly.  “So did you.  You planned on equalizing it once you had a fair number of Mendaihu and Shenaihu here in this warehouse.  Using the polarities to what, cancel each other out?”
Nehalé smirked.  “No…not entirely.  Many have thought that was my only motive.  I was trying to disperse them, and in the process, increase the flow of Light.”
Denni frowned.  “Then why awaken me?  Why did you need me, as the One?”
He looked down at her with kind eyes and a reverent smile.  “To be honest…” he said, placing a gentle hand on her shoulder.  Caren stiffened, but restrained herself from doing anything.  “My Dearest One, originally to awaken you was not part of the plan at all.  Mind you, that was years ago.”  He glanced quickly at Caren.  “Many years ago, emha Johnson, before either of you knew or understood what you are now.  And please, nyhnd’aladh, I say this with nothing but reverence to them…but Kindeiya Shalei knew that Denysia here was the One of All Sacred when your parents sacrificed themselves to protect the two of you.  He never told me it was your sister…only that she was here, and being protected by Cheylan and Aaramis Shalei.”
Surprisingly Caren did not lash out.  “So…” she said, and bit her lip.  She crossed her arms and moved closer in, much closer than comfortable.  Denni saw it purely as a protective move.  In the small time she had known Nehalé, however, she had learned and eventually understood his motives for what he had done.  His plans may not have been executed perfectly, but in the end…
…in the end, he had performed miracles, and had protected them all along.
“So,” Caren said again.  “You disperse the Shenaihu souls throughout the city…why?  Were you planning another attack on a church?  Saint Paul’s up the street, perhaps?”
“I planned no such thing,” he said as evenly as he could without showing he’d been offended by the implication.  “That…”  He cleared his throat, and continued in a softer voice.  “That was an unfortunate backlash of the Awakening…one that had been exploited by Natianos Lehanna.  I’m sure you know who and what he is by now…”
“Yes…” Caren said, her voice as low as his.  “Yes, I do.”
Nehalé had said Natianos’ name so disdainfully that Denni almost hadn’t made the connection.  Saone Lehanna, she thought to herself.  The girl she had run into not a half hour ago.  If Natianos had been behind the hrrah-sehdhyn, then Saone had either come to stop the Gathering…or had hoped to take part in it.  She felt the pang of heartache when she thought of Saone and Kryssyna running away amidst the craziness that had erupted so soon after…they felt they’d been chased away from a chance of real peace.
“Natianos believes he has the upper hand,” Nehalé continued.  “He truly believes that the Shenaihu will prevail, once the Cleansing commences.  I am doing all I can to keep that from happening, and at the same time ensure the Mendaihu will not be the overriding power, either.
“In answer to your question the Cleansing would, in broad terms, let the souls within the Rain of Light disperse themselves throughout the city, perhaps even beyond the limits of the Sprawl.  The result would be…well, a bit like your partner.”
Caren frowned.  “Excuse me?”
“Nehalé is one of the strongest Soulsensers in this hemisphere,” Denni said.  “He might not have known it was me, but he found me as the One of All Sacred, when he performed the Awakening ritual.  I’d give him the benefit of the doubt.”
Caren glared at both of them, first at her own sister’s audacity, then at Nehalé’s intrusiveness.  She waved her hand frantically in front of her.  “What does that have to do with Alec Poe?”
“Everything,” he said.  “He is cho-nyhndah, the twin spirits.  He has both Shenaihu and Mendaihu in him.”
“So?”
Nehalé reached out a hand to touch Caren on the shoulder.  She flinched, about to jerk away and out of his grasp, but thought better of it and let him do so.  “The cho-nyhndah is extremely rare, emha.  He is the pure soul.  The completeness of the Trisandi life thread that so many ancestors have wished for.  It is not hereditary by blood, but by spirit.  By releasing the Rain of Light…many of the souls within would merge with the souls of those willing to participate, becoming cho-nyhndah themselves.”
Caren stared long and hard at him.  “Who gives you that right?” she asked.  “Who gives anyone the right to do that?”
Nehalé sighed, dropping his head. “You misunderstand, Karinna,” he said.  “I am not forcing anyone to do anything at all.  I have merely given everyone a chance to make their own decision without influence or ignorance.  Just as I have awakened your sister as the One of All Sacred so she may guide us.”
“And yet…” she said, moving closer to him with an icy hatred in her eyes.  “Did you give Denni a fucking choice at all?”
But Denni was too quick.  “Caren, don’t,” she said quietly, taking Caren’s hand and holding it tight.  “Please…it’s okay.  You don’t have to do this.”
“I can’t forgive him, Den,” she said, her voice frail and cracking.  “I cannot forgive him for what he did to you.”
Outside, they all heard the low rumble of thunder.
“No, Caren.  Please, it was my own choice as well!  Don’t do this!”
“Do you realize what you’ve done, Nehalé?” she spat.  “Do you realize what you’ve done to this city?  My city?  Are you aware of how many people you’ve affected?”
“Caren!”
“Karinna…” Nehalé said unevenly, and took a safe step backwards.  “Believe me, I am fully aware —”
“Bullshit you are!” she screamed.  “Do you even see or sense what you’ve unleashed out there?”
“Caren, please!”
The air split open with a deafening crack.  The sudden jolt of electricity surged through the crowd, knocking dozens off their feet, and Denni instinctively lifted her arms up to shield herself.  She tasted the pungent smell of sweat and smoke, and suddenly she felt the surge hit her right leg and travel upwards.  A tiny spark of Light shot out of her uplifted hand.  She felt her knees give out from under from her, the room shifting sickeningly to her left.
To her right, Caren had already fallen to the floor in a dead faint.

*

…Karinna?  Sis?  It’s me, Denysia.  Can you hear me?
I know you’re okay…I sense you from down here.  You might ache a bit, but you’re not injured.  Anando and Amna brought you to one of the back rooms in the mezzanine, you’ll be safer up there.  Don’t worry about me.  I’m surrounded by good people, good spirits.  They’ll protect me.  It’s their job to do so.
Listen…I…
I need to do this, and I need to do it now, before it gets too dangerous.  I want to tell you everything, explain it all to you…but I can’t, not right now, I don’t have time.  All I can say is that I know what I’m doing.  I know you look out for me and all, but you don’t have to try so hard…not anymore.  I have a lot of people on my side.  
I want to thank you for what you told me.  You know, that night, about Mom and Dad.  I kind of knew some of it, but not everything.  Hearing the truth made all the difference.  I don’t feel nearly as afraid as I thought I would, being who I am now.  I’d sort of made peace with Mom and Dad dying, but…this was like closure.  Like I finally had a reason for moving forward again.  It still hurts sometimes, but I’m strong.  I can handle it.
I want — I need to say more to you, but I also need to focus on what I’m doing right now, so this is going to sound a bit disjointed.  Bear with me.
Look — I know you’re afraid.  I know you’re afraid you’ll lose me like we lost our parents.  You’re afraid to let me go, and you’re absolutely terrified that I’m now the One of All Sacred.  Hell, the moment I understood who I was, it scared the hell out of me too.  That’s why I disappeared the way I did this afternoon — I had to back away to regain myself.  But I had Ampryss helping me then, and I have all of you helping me now.  I’m not alone, sis!  I’ve got so many people watching me right now!  It feels so weird, yet so comforting.  To be loved with absolutely no strings attached.
I…
I have to step away again for a little while, so you may not see me when you awaken, okay?  But please…have faith in me.  This will all end peacefully.  I can do this.
Never forget that I love you, Karinna.  You are my anchor.  You won’t ever lose me.

*

Christine lit a single narrow candle and placed it in a holder on the north wall of the room.  It flickered slightly in the wind, but never went out.
First there is Light.
Light is.
Light becomes.
Light is the essence of the soul, the sustenance of the mind, the fuel that burns within the fires of the heart.  Light is the beacon that unites all souls together under the protection of the One of All Sacred and the Goddess Who Is.  Light is the protector of all souls, the mother of faith and father of strength.
On the southern wall, she placed a vidmat still of Caren, an older picture of her friend and former associate taken seven years ago, during a holiday party.  Caren’s eyes were full and bright, caught midway in spirited laughter.  She dipped two fingers of her left hand in an oil solution and drew a clockwise circle on the wall around the picture.
Second there is Love.
Love is.
Love becomes.
Love is the essence of the heart, the sustenance of the soul, the fuel that burns within the fires of the heart.  Love is the thread that binds all souls together under the protection of the One of All Sacred and the Goddess Who Is.  Love is the reminder of our existence, the sister to compassion and brother to community.
Finally, she returned to the center of the room, and embraced Poe.  She exhaled slowly and relaxed every single nerve in her body, focusing only on the deep trust of her closest friend.
Third there is Peace.
Peace is.
Peace becomes.
Peace is the essence of a complete existence, the sustenance of a community.  Peace is the road to knowledge and the leader of all under the One of All Sacred and the Goddess Who Is.  Peace is the knowledge that Love and Light exists eternally, the family whole.
Took another slow breath, letting every emotion bleed freely out of her very soul.
Dearest One of All Sacred, under the protection of the Goddess Who Is, we ask your divine help in our time of need.  We ask your help in divining balance from chaos and peace from dissent.  We ask that you guide us and protect us, Dearest One, from the energy that knows no master.  We ask that you guide us as we channel this errant energy into Light.
Dearest One, we pray for your guidance.
Light is.
Love is.
Peace is.
Christine exhaled and fell out of Poe’s arms, the prayer sequence completed.
Poe saw the surge of blistering white energy pulse from the clouds before he felt the current pushing at the two of them.  Beautiful and bright and in such contrast to the deep hues of the cloud cover, it illuminated its underside to an impossible swirl of pink and white.  All sound had stopped, rain and wind and thunder.  He managed a sharp intake of breath and remark about its beauty before the force of it hit the Key and propelled the both of them backwards.
He was off his feet and sailing with no time to grab hold of anything.  He slammed up against the wall, shoulders first then head, and fell limply to the ground, onto the throw pillows.  He groggily shook his head, wondering what in the Goddess’ name had just hit them.
Christine, by luck of all the gods she knew, had dropped quickly to the floor just at the right time and had cushioned herself for the shock.  She had skimmed across the floor, pushing the pillows into a heap against the wall with her in the middle.  She lay on the scattered pile, eyes shut tight and hands clenched, close to her temples.
“…ow,” she croaked.
“Chris?” he called out.  He staggered in her direction but got only halfway and he fell to his knees.  “Christine?” he said again.  “Are you all right?”
One eye opened and focused on him.  “What…the hell was that?”
“Uh…”  Poe shifted into a sitting position and rubbed gingerly at the back of his head.  He focused on the Benjamin’s Key in an attempt to regain his bearings.  It had blessedly remained solid and true, ready and waiting for the possible siphoning of spirits out into the sea.  It vibrated at such a speed that it produced a soft, low hum.  “That,” he said, “…was either the beginning of something worse, or we’re connected.”
“That had to be the worst shock I’ve ever had with this blessed thing,” Christine moaned.  She stood up, wobbled a little, and caught herself against the wall.  She pushed herself off again and studied the Key hesitantly, grabbing onto Poe’s shoulder for support.  “I just hope this thing can withstand the intensity.”
Poe felt a shiver race down his spine.  “You mean…?”
“I’ve never used it on something this strong before, Alec,” she said, and gingerly moved towards the door.  She pushed it open and giant whoosh of chilly humid air came rushing in.  She looked up at the sky for a few moments, frowning.  “It should hold…as long as it doesn’t get any stronger.”
“Here’s to hoping,” he said.  He grabbed his comm and called Kai again.
She answered after the first ping and spoke quickly, barely able to mask her concern.  “Everything is connected?  Are you okay over there?  We saw the lightning hit…”
“We’re both fine, just disoriented,” he said.  After a few moments, he added: “It’s Caren I’m worried about.”
Kai hummed in agreement.  “Each person has his or her own duty to the One…and she is Protector.  I wish I could say more, but I can only pray that she has the strength to fulfill that duty.”
Poe wanted to say something, anything, but the words that came to him would have betrayed what he really felt.  He wanted to believe she had that strength — she did have it, especially when it came to her sister — but this was more than just protecting her younger sibling from the outside world.  He’d known Caren for years…but even now, he wasn’t sure if he ever truly knew her spirit.  She had never willingly shown it to anyone.
“Faith, Poe,” she said softly.  “Have faith in her.”
“Oh, that I do,” he said, but knew it was a lie.  Without question, he trusted Caren as a close friend and as his partner on the force.  He trusted her wholly…but did he have faith in her?  He did not know.  He’d never had the reason to question it.
Kai chose not to push the matter.  “You’ve harnessed the spirits with the Key,” she said in a lighter voice that betrayed her own nerves.  “Ashan and I will take up the rest if need be.  The spirit energy needs either release or storage, so it’s up to Denni now to decide what to do with it.”
Poe bit his lip.  “Which is safer?”
“Actually…” she started, her voice uneven.  “If it is released, there’s a chance it will remain chaotic.  In which case, we’re back where we started.  If we stored it…”
Poe shut his eyes tight with dread, and swore under his breath.  If Denni decided to store it at the warehouse she might be able to stabilize it, but there was also an equal chance she could lose control of it…and who knew what would happen after that.  He couldn’t see any clearer solutions.  There was so much that he still did not know about the Rain, about the Mendaihu and the Shenaihu, despite everything he’d prepared himself for.  There were so many unknowns here that he felt his anger surfacing again.  This time he sensed it coming and held back, redirecting his emotions towards the task at hand.  If he had to lash out, it would be to protect, not to destroy.
“…Kai?” he said.  His voice sounded pitifully small.
“Yes?”
He closed his eyes and started rubbing at the lids.  Damn it all, why was this so hard?  “Umm…never mind.  You be careful, okay?  I’m worried about the two of you.  How are you going to send it to the warehouse after it hits us?  You don’t have any reflectors.”
Kai laughed in spite of herself.  “That’s the interesting thing, Poe.  The hrrah-sehdhyn?  I finally figured out its other purpose.  It wasn’t just an offensive strike, Poe.  It’s a barrier.  It’s supposed to keep everything in.”
“You’re kidding,” he said.  “Even after the church…?”
“I believe they’re at peace, Poe,” she said.  “Those civilians weren’t supposed to die, but they understood what would happen…and now they’re part of the Rain.  Poe…it wasn’t supposed to happen like this, not so soon.  Nehalé sped up the schedule.”
“Forget about Nehalé,” he growled, then realized the futility of his anger again.  He was beginning to hate this quick change of emotions that always came at the wrong time.  “Whenever you’re ready, Kai.  We’re set here.  The rest…”  He stopped again, thinking of Denni.  I have faith in you, Den.  As the wonderful kid you are.  Take care of Caren for me.  “…I guess the rest is up to the One of All Sacred,” he said.
“She’s already started the Cleansing, Alec,” she said quietly.
“Good.”  He wished he could reach out to Denni to comfort her, yet somehow he knew she would be just fine.  He shifted his focus towards Kai, standing just outside that barrier with her brother.  If Denni failed, they would have the hardest job of all, redirecting the angered spirits back towards the warehouse.  He had no idea how they would do it, and he had a feeling they had no clear plan either.
“Kai?” he said.
“Hmm?”
“Peace, Love and Light to you, Akaina,” he said so softly he wasn’t sure if she had heard him.  “Take care of yourself.”
“Alec…” she started, and could not completely get her words out all at once.  “You take care as well.  Love prevails.”
He laughed and felt himself blush.  “Yes…yes, it does.”

*

All is Light…
The air trembled around her.  The Rain of Light throbbed and thrummed with a nervous, directionless energy that could not be seen or heard, only felt by those within it.  She immersed herself in this energy, allowing it to seep well within her own spirit until she understood its collective voice crying out in confusion.  She had heard the voices some time ago, but only as aggressive white noise.  She chose to drift even deeper into the Rain than Nehalé had suggested or even thought possible.  She wanted to know her limits and surpass them.  She wanted to hear them as they would hear her.
All is Light.
The Rain of Light had heard her voice…and waited.
Denysia exhaled slowly and opened her eyes within the Light, stared into its blinding whiteness, and spoke to the Rain, first in Anjshé, then in Terran English.
Hra Denysia Shalei Shé nyhndah eilee…madin Aaramis si Cheylan Shalei si Emmadha si Dhumélis…kinléshi Mendaihu Gharra Karinna Shalei…hra Shé.
Rhade hra imhsha.
I am Denysia Shalei, One of All Sacred…daughter of Aaramis and Cheylan Shalei si Emmadha si Dhumélis…sister to Protector Karinna Shalei…I am One.
Do not be afraid.
A million voices, all at once, spilled forth like a burst dam and raced outwards, howling and screeching as it engulfed everything within its reach.  Denni braved the onslaught and stood her ground, letting the disembodied voices wash through her and over her.  She waited now, expecting one voice…or any multitude of voices…to call back.  Nearly five minutes passed before she heard something coherent.
Denysia… the unified voices said.  She could not guess how many were talking in unison, each voice and tone blending into one another, creating a surreal echo within her spirit.  Denysia… it called again.  You are the One of All Sacred…the Shé nyhndah eilee…you enter the Rain of Light of your own free will.  The Rain of Light welcomes you.
Despite the utter seriousness of the situation, Denni found herself smiling at the invitation.
You bring a brother, it/they said.  We sense the Watcher Nehalé Usarai Né Mendaihu Gharra.  The one who awakened us.  He is close.
Had Nehalé made it this far?  She had not sensed him at all since her arrival here, yet she knew him to be here…somewhere.  She called his name but recieved no answer.
It seems he finally sleeps, the voice said eventually.  He has done his part.  It is now our duty to disperse…to Truly Awaken the city.
Denni drew an uneven breath.  She had to ask now, before it was too late.  What is happening?  Why has Nehalé Awakened you all?  I was…  She paused, measuring her words before she spoke them.  She may be the One, but she was also just a fifteen year-old kid dropped into the middle of this insanity, and she was certainly far from perfect.  She concealed her own embarrassment and continued.  I was under the impression that you were already sentient to the level of Gharné.  I was led to believe that you could become cho-nyhndah with anyone whenever you chose.
The silence that followed was unnerving.  She felt a dread of having asked the wrong question of these bodiless souls, and pleaded silently to herself that they answer with words and not destructive action.  She was the hope of millions of civilians in Bridgetown.
Finally, they gave their answer.  It was not spoken in anger, nor did they reply with another violent storm surge, but it was not what Denni wanted to hear.
We do not know, Dearest One.  Only the eicho Nehalé can answer that question.
…and he’s ‘asleep,’ she thought miserably.  What happens next?
The voices once again erupted in a cacophony of excitement.  So many different explanations and hopes and fears poured forth at the same time, inundating her mind and heart with more than she could possibly handle.  She squirmed in this Lightspace, arms flailing at bodies and energy that were not truly there in physical form.  She barely found her voice within it all.  Please, she cried.  Please!  Give me order!
The voices faded to a low rumble just as quickly as they’d risen, and the change made her feel strangely off balance.  She staggered forward, then backward until her legs finally gave out from under her.  The sensation of falling, however, did not come.  She was being cradled by the souls themselves.  She was hovering above nothingness, and still they caught her, easing her fears.
Thank you, she mumbled.  I have recently Awakened myself…and I’m still not completely comfortable with everything here.  Please grant me patience, if you will.
It is granted, the voices responded softly, to her relief.  We understand.
I must explain my presence, she said.  We here on Gharra…we are fearful of your anger.  If unattended, it can do us harm.  I am here to guide you the rest of the way.  This is part of my duties as the One of All Sacred.  The voices agreed quietly amongst themselves and let her continue.  I admit I am following instinct here, she said.  All I can say is that I can feel — no, I can sense all of you here, both individually and as a whole.  I can sense you are equally as lost.  Can you tell me…what it is that you seek?
We seek Light, they said.
Light?  She blinked, noting the irony.  Here she was, in this formless reality of brilliant whiteness, unable to see anything except her own shimmering form, itself a shade of white ever so slightly brighter.
What is this Light, she asked.  She had to ask, even though she knew the answer to some extent.  Peace, Love and Light… the creed of the Mendaihu.  It was the simple yet unending search for the completeness of being physically and spiritually.  Light could only mean one thing to her, and ultimately to these souls.
It is knowledge, Dearest One.  We all search for the Universal constants, for the concrete and scientific.  But that is all easy to come by, given the supplies, the dedication, and the time.  That is not the Light we seek.  We are looking for the Light that feeds us, Denysia, and that which keeps our souls forever alive, even past mortal death.  It is hard to describe in such words…it is something we can only experience individually.
But to us, it is Peace, and it is Love.
Denni nodded, visibly relieved.  Their motives were pure enough, in that they did not wish to utterly destroy Bridgetown.  She now understood that these souls, if they were to fully awaken and leave the Rain of Light once and for all, they would need to become fully conscious within a human body.  It was something about humans…humans from Gharra/Earth…that these souls from Trisanda held so dear.  This adoration went far past the ancient familial ties, however.  It was as if…
…as if a profound change were to happen regarding the human race.
We must all be awakened, the voices pleaded.  Those of us here, on this spiritual plane, and on the physical plane.  We must all awaken soon.
Come, Dearest One.  Let us show you what will happen.
And inside this Light, she felt the rush of love of these spirits surging through her, filling her with such unspeakable bliss she could no longer speak within or without.  She was drowning in this ecstasy that went beyond anything she could ever have conceived.  She no longer felt any fear within herself, so certain was her trust in these spirits.  Inside this Light, she felt herself disintegrating, her physical and spiritual body falling apart and becoming one with the universe.  With all universes.  She no longer feared anything, even death.
The only thing keeping her here on this plane was her sister.
And inside this Light, she felt herself stepping through to a much higher level.

*

Caren gasped in a lungful of cold, bitter air and immediately knew that she was not where she wanted or needed to be, even before her eyes had opened.  She had been lashing out at Nehalé Usarai when she’d been struck by…lightning?  Wait, no.  That wouldn’t make sense.  Then she’d be dead, or at least in a lot more pain.  She was…fine?  She felt dizzy, same as before, but her eyes no longer felt the pain of the searing white Light.  She was lying down on a bed, in a darkened room that somehow felt familiar to her.  She reached out a hand tentatively in the air, touching nothing but the cool night breeze.  She drank in its iciness, her head spinning from its purity.  She recognized it as pure oxygen…like the oxygen tanks she wore once, after she and Poe had gotten caught in that burning apartment in Branden Hill…
“…Karinna.”
“Who —”
This is not right.  She sat up quick, her hair a complete mess and covering most of her face.  She stubbornly pushed the strands back and tucked them behind her ears as she looked around the darkened room —
Her room.  In her apartment.  A quiet night in Berndette Corner.
This is not right.  She jumped out of her bed and scrambled into the dimness of the hallway and over to her sister’s room.  The door was locked, but she could see light spilling out from underneath.  She immediately started pounding on it, calling her name.
This is not right at all...  “Denni!” she screamed.  “Denni!  We’ve got to get out of here!  Now!”
“…Karinna.”
Caren stopped dead in her tracks.   Her voice…so calm.  So frighteningly calm.
“…Den?  Is that you?”
“…Karinna.”
She shivered at the sound of Denni’s voice.  She spoke in quiet, soothing voice that sounded all too unnatural.  It wavered synthetically like a voice construct, almost exact in its replica yet never completely hiding a clipped digital soundwave.  That isn’t her talking.  Or is it…?  It sounded like…
It sounded like many voices at once, all imitating hers, all speaking in unison.
What the hell is going on here?  “Denni?” she called out.  “Where are you?”  
Silence.  No…not a silence.  She hadn’t heard a thing just a moment ago.  Now she could hear but not feel a breeze, almost beyond the edge of hearing, and it came from Denni’s room.  
“Denni!”  She rapped on her sister’s door again.  “Den?”  She started again, quieter this time.  “Den, are you in there?”
The door opened slightly, and muted light spilled out of the room and into the hallway.  She stared inside, which looked every bit like the bedroom she’d always known, and saw nothing amiss except for the unseen light source.  Warmth spilled out towards her, the source of the breeze as it pushed outwards at Caren and out into the hallway.  The walls behind her and beside her absorbed the light, absorbed the warmth, and soon the entire apartment was awash with…
Light, Caren thought.  Goddess…she’s —
“…Karinna, I am everywhere.”  The pulsating light inside the room grew in intensity, at once pulling at her and warning her.  “I am…”
The light of the room suddenly burst into high brilliance, its energy sending a sharp wave of heat past her.  “De—Denysia,” she called out, waving her arms half-blindly.  “Oh Goddess, Den…What’s happening?”
“Come, Karinna,” she said.  “Come and see.”
“See?” she cried, shielding her watering eyes and taking a tentative step into the bedroom.  “See what?  Where are you?”
As if in response, the light dropped back down to its ambient hue, a semi-dark room just before dusk.  Just as before, nothing had changed.  This was Denni’s personal hiding space, her own world away from the pain and confusion of the Bridgetown Sprawl.  Her plush animals were still piled haphazardly on top of one another on a corner of the still-unmade bed; the heaps of clean and dirty clothes she hadn’t yet divided were still scattered around the floor.  Her vidmat on the desk near the window still blinked in the dark green of her screen saver.
This is where you sing me to sleep, Caren.
“…sing,” she said, shaking herself back to attention.  She reached up and wiped away tears that had begun to form.  Sing, she thought.  Yes…I remember that.  That had happened ages ago…when her mother and father had taken night duty at ARU Headquarters.  When they were still alive.
Do you remember the song?
She laughed despite herself.  She could not remember the song to save her life.  It had been so many years ago…she’d been in her third year at the ARU Training Base just over the Sachers River.  She’d chosen to live at home then, just to help out around the house while her parents adjusted to their new schedule.  She remembered life being so much more stressful then…she had been so short of money that she was afraid she wouldn’t be able to afford her last year at the base.  She’d refused to take her parents’ patronage on the simple fact that everyone she had ever known had expected her to.
Caren sniffled.  “Sing it for me?” she asked.
Denni began to sing, and each note began to resonate within Caren’s heart.
Do you know, my dear sweet child…that the love within your heart will keep your soul living forever?
Caren smiled as more tears came.  “Yes, now I remember…
“Do you know, my dear sweet child…” she sang.  Goddess, yes!  She remembered this song now.  She felt it now, so deeply within.  “…that the love within our hearts…is stronger than anything in this world?”
Denni joined her in the chorus.  “I can see your Light, dear child, and it’s shining within mine…”
I can see your Light, dear child, and it’s shining within mine…
“Denni…” she whispered.  “Why am I here…?”
You are my anchor, Karinna.  You always will be.
“Your…”  Caren stood in the center of Denni’s bedroom…a place that seemed so cluttered and small to her in the past, yet so empty and fragile without her there.  That was it — now she understood why she had been brought here.  She recognized everything in the room as distinctly Denni’s; everything here was an anchor to a reality she’d known her entire life.  This included Caren herself.  This was her fate as Protector of the One: to watch over the One of All Sacred at any cost, in any situation, no matter how dire…or mystifying.
I am your anchor, she said from within.  Stay with me, Denysia.  I will be here.
Denni laughed softly.  Thank you, Karinna.
Caren suddenly felt the rush of warmth pushing by her…and stopping.  She shivered as the air displaced itself around her.  This was not only Denni’s love but her spiritform she felt swirling around her in a surreal dance with her own spirit.  She felt her own soul intertwining with Denni’s, becoming one.
Come see, Karinna.  Come see what I’ve seen…
“I…can’t.”  The words seeped out before she could stop them.  Of course, she should have said.  I’d love to!  But she had shied away.  She truly could not begin to guess what Denni may have wanted to show her, but she knew it would have been well beyond her understanding.  She did not want to lose hold of her own anchor…this place, this apartment.  This city!  She had lived in this city for so long she could not comprehend leaving it, especially now that her fate had been sealed along with Denni’s.  If she were to be a link to this reality for her…then it would be wise to be the strongest damned link she could be.
“I’ll see it soon enough,” she said.  “You can tell me when you return.  Do what you have to do there, kid, and come back to me real soon, okay?”
Denni laughed.  ‘kay, she said, and the warmth surrounding Caren slowly started to dissipate along with the light.  The room dimmed to the point of ambience, just enough that she could see where she was, and just enough to make out certain objects in the room.  I love you, Karinna, she said, her voice now just a whisper.  I’ll be back.  I promise.  I’ll call if it’s going to be longer.
Caren laughed, instantly recognizing those same words she had said to Denni just a few days earlier.  “I love you too, kid.”

*

Watching with Lightseeing eyes, Kai felt the first blast of spiritual energy rebounding against the hrrah-sehdhyn barrier, pulsing and thrumming against it in a dense white cloud.  Though she and Ashan stood well away from the barrier at least two blocks away, the force of the wash sent an unexpected and disorienting shockwave past it.  The building lurched and swayed under their feet, then after an agonizing moment, swayed back.  The people below stopped or slowed momentarily, then stopping completely, staring up at the overcast sky.  Kai sensed the brief wave of uncertainty from them, of a sudden reckoning that hit hard in their souls and in their minds.  A sudden guarded awareness.  A sudden taste of senses and memories come back to life.  Kai shivered, sensing all of this and not wanting to look away at all.
The City was at last, truly awakening.
“How are we doing?” she asked Ashan, who stood to her right, watching plainly.
“It depends,” he said, letting go of the ledge he had held for his own support.  “The storm is winding down  It isn’t as violent.  But I’m wondering how it’s affecting those within.”
Kai nodded silently, thinking the same thing.  Aside from Alec and Caren, she could think of no other contacts within the hrrah-sehdhyn.  They had earlier sensed Nick and Sheila near the warehouse, against orders to take the day off, and odds were good that Caren was inside.  She frowned as she watched another rolling wave emanating from Alec’s direction, billowing out as harmless white energy and expanding towards them.  The shock was softer this time, barely detectable.
“What about Inspector Farraway?” she offered after a moment.  “As far as I know, he’s still at ARU Headquarters.  Perhaps he can be of help.”
Ashan winced.  “I don’t know about that.  Are you suggesting he go in, or send other soulsensers?”
Kai blushed, realizing the futility of her suggestion.  “I suppose you’re right.  Still…we need someone in there to tell us what’s happening.  Alec’s busy…so I’m going to try to pick up Nick and Sheila.  Hopefully they’ve left their commlinks open.”
Ashan nodded.  “If you can, get them as close to the warehouse as possible.  If they can’t get in, at least get them in the neighborhood.  I’ll watch while you call.”
“Are you sure?” she said, touching his arm.  “Your eyes…”
“They’re better, thank you,” he smiled.  “Only retinal flash burn.”
She nodded and attempted to raise the two on her comm, trying several times on different frequencies.  The airwaves were filled with crackling static, an aftereffect of the spirit waves, making it tough to raise anyone at all.  She had to test all of them three times before finally finding Nick, who happened to be calling for Alec at same time using the same method.  The rustling of raindrops hitting pavement echoed behind his voice.
“Kai?” he called out, his voice somewhere between excitement and bewilderment.  “Where the hell are you?”
“Northern Avenue,” she said.  “Gelinas and Associates Building.  Just outside the hrrah-sehdhyn zone.”  She explained to him the manner of how the storm had started and what was being done to prevent it from becoming much worse.  She also informed him of everyone’s relative safety both inside and outside the barrier, and that she needed confirmation that all was well within.
“No issues I can see,” he said.  “We’re across the street from Moulding’s.  Me, Sheila and about twenty other people, we all ducked into an open dock bay door at another warehouse…Dubois and Sons.  That’s the name of it.  We have a good view of Moulding’s from here, and there doesn’t seem to be anything out of the ordinary happening.”
Kai pursed her lips.  We have to get him inside.  
Only if he is willing, Akaina, Ashan reminded.  You must ask him.
To her relief, Nick had answered the simple question with an excited affirmative, more than willing to investigate.  She worried that his motives had been fueled by the church attack, however, and made a point to remind him who had been behind that.
“Sheila and I are more than willing to do this,” he reiterated.  “Although for separate reasons.  I want to make sure Caren and Denni are safe…but I think Sheila has other plans.  I think she’s getting more of this spirit energy than I am.  She wants to make sure everyone’s safe on that level.”
Kai nodded in Ashan’s direction.  “Thank you, Nick.  Stay on this channel and keep in touch with us every ten minutes.”
“Will do.  Sheila and I are heading over there right now…”  The sudden ticking sound in back of his voice grew louder.  “That’s the rain, if you’re wondering.  You wouldn’t believe the downpour we’re having here…”
Kai laughed.  “Don’t worry about it.  We’ll be here.  Alec is on E8 if you need him as well.”
“Got it,” he said.  “Back in ten.” 








CHAPTER TWENTY-EIGHT
Anchors

Abandonment.  Saone felt it more than anything else, and it stung.
This must be how it feels, she thought as she crouched to the floor of the office.  To abandon everything you truly believe in.  To be abandoned by all that you love.  She wiped a stray tear from her eye as she watched the warehouse floor through the long hallway connecting the two rooms.  With her limited field of vision she could still see the hundreds of people huddled all over the floor, all in some meditative trance that she could not understand.  Kryssyna stood above her, leaning against an empty desk with her arms crossed, waiting patiently for her to make the next move.
“You never got a hold of your dad, did you,” she said.
Saone shook her head.  “No…he wouldn’t answer me.”  She grimaced and faced the wall behind her, knowing it was in the same direction as the Mirades Tower.  “What the hells are you doing up there, fadayin?”  She shook her head and stood up, feeling the strain as she stretched her muscles out again.  “Nrgh…ouch.  Shouldn’t have stayed in that position for so long.”
“Definitely lacks the stamina of a True Warrior,” Kryssyna said, grinning at her.
Saone shot her a nasty glare and continued as she paced the room.  “He knew something, damn it all, and I’m not sure what.  He knows what Denni’s doing right now, this second, and he won’t tell me what it is.  He expected the Gathering and the Cleansing.  He knew it would lead up to this, but what am I missing…?”
“You mean he and Nehalé are working together?”
Saone came up short.  “What?  No!  Not in the least.  He knew the plot well beforehand, I want to know if he knew who the characters were.”
Kryssyna smiled.   “Interesting choice of words.  This coming from the daughter of the producer of the latest Johnny Goto movie.”
“I’m serious!” Saone laughed at her friend’s odd joke despite her frustration.  “You’re in a good mood, aren’t you?”
Kryssyna stepped up to Saone and gently took her hands.  “It’s the Rain, Saone. The Cleansing of the Spirits has already begun.  And despite our plans, we’ve become part of this cleansing.”  She pulled Saone close and embraced her.  “You and I, we were born Shenaihu, but we both had our spirits altered when Nehalé performed the Awakening.  You by force, me willingly.  We’re both cho-nyhndah now, and we’re still making our peace with that.  And as much as it pains me, I admit Nehalé’s right.  Better a peaceful unity than an eventually unstable segregation.”
Saone shivered.  “What do you mean?”
Kryssyna took her face and held it in her hands.  Her light blue eyes were wide, willingly inviting Saone to take hold of the spirit within.  “Listen, Saone.  Your father, the Dahné, wants another season of Embodiment where we’re at constant odds with each other.  No, don’t even tell me otherwise.  You know very well he’s scared to death of what would happen if we had peace instead.   To him, it would mean the Shenaihu lost.  He sees it only in reaction — for every move Nehalé makes, he has to respond in kind.  And all his plans were turned into Mendaihu positives.  The nuhmn’dah spying on Denni’s parents back then?  The hrrah-sehdhyn now?  It’s as if Dahné Lehanna is handing the Mendaihu this victory.”
Saone huffed in frustration.  “And he doesn’t give up this easily, either,” she said.  She frowned at her in defeat, but despite her annoyance, she couldn’t stay mad at her.  She couldn’t be mad at her, especially when she was telling the truth.
“So what are we doing here, shadhisi?” she said, arching a brow at her.  “If it wasn’t our fate to stop the Cleansing process, why are you and I here?  Are we to be cleansed as well?  And if so, why aren’t we in some meditative state like those out there?”
Because your fate has not been completely fulfilled, Saone.
Saone gasped at the voice that came from nowhere, and everywhere.  “D...Denysia?”
I was so very glad to meet you, Saone Lehanna, she said.  Saone recognized the voice, and yet it sounded wrong somehow — no, not wrong, but changed.  Peaceful, wiser.  And despite our lack of communication, I could feel you.  I only recently realized you were Natianos’ youngest daughter.  It’s only by chance now that I could feel your presence here at the warehouse, and found you had not left at all.
Saone’s jaw trembled as she spoke.  “Den…Denysia?  Is that you?”
She felt a wave of positive energy, of pure love, wash over them in reply.  Yes, Saone, she answered.  It’s me.
“Where are you?”
I…am everywhere, she answered.  I am in each and every person’s conscience right now…although I’ve managed to narrow my attention down to just those directly involved.  I believe I’m currently carrying on conversations with about five thousand people at once at this very moment.  She let out a youthful laugh.  And I don’t even know how I’m doing it.
“You’re…” Kryssyna started.  “You’re the One of All Sacred.”
Of course I am, but still…I’d like to know how I’m doing all of this.  I’m not going to just accept it blindly.  I’m stubborn enough to want to know why I can do everything I’m doing.
Saone stared into an empty space, focusing on the girl’s presence.  Slowly and awkwardly she pulled out of Kryssyna’s embrace and sat down on the desk.  She glanced down the hallway again at the meditating people, and wondered what kind of conversation she was having with them at the moment.  Were they praising her as some otherworldly goddess?  Were they talking about the more mundane things in life?  What was she asking them to do?
Were they asking what would become of their old soul, once the Cleansing did what it was supposed to do?
I need your help, Saone.  I need help from both of you.  You are unaffected by the Rain of Light and the Cleansing, for some reason I still can’t figure out.  Perhaps you are both cho-nyhndah already…?
“Yes,” Saone said, and for the first time she found herself accepting that truth without mortification.  Yes, she was cho-nyhndah.  It was time to embrace that now.  “Kryss and I were both pure Shenaihuza.  We can trace our lines back to the original Trisandi tribes.  But we…well, it’s a long story.”
A ripple of something happy, perhaps amusement, emanated from Denysia’s presence and washed over them.  All the better, she said excitedly.  There’s only one way we can end this Cleansing, you know…this isn’t something that’s going to just burn itself out.  Nehalé Usarai opened the door to this otherness, and opened it far too wide, far too early.  I’ve managed to contain it, thanks to the hrrah-sehdhyn barrier, but it needs to be closed again, before everything falls out of control.
Saone felt a sinking feeling in the pit of her stomach as the memory of Nehalé’s ritual came rushing back into clear view.  Her pain and agony at the foot of the Tower…all that energy siphoned out, and that vision…the vision of blistering white light, burning and obliterating everything…all this time, she believed that had been the Rain’s doing.  She’d believed what she saw was the Rain spiraling out of control, destroying Bridgetown.  How wrong, how dreadfully wrong she had been!  She hadn’t been caught in the Rain at all, but in the connection of pure Light, of both Shenaihuza and Mendaihuza spirit forms…and she had witnessed their terrifying strength firsthand.
The only way to stop it was to let her father, a Shenaihuza, perform the closing just as he’d planned.
“Goddess…” she whimpered.  “Denysia…I—I can’t do that!”
You can and you will, Saone.  There was a hint of force to her voice.  You know this is the only way it can happen.
“Denysia…I can’t,” Saone cried.  “People are going to die!”
Not if I can help it.
“What can you do?” Kryssyna called out.  “You just said yourself that you can’t close this by yourself.  How can you say you can save these five thousand people you’re talking to?”
By continuing to talk, she said.  I shall be their anchor in these worlds.
“An anchor?” she said, eyes wide.  “How do you expect to hold the spiritual bodies of five thousand people while their bodies burn to cinders?”
Faith, she said.  Both Kryssyna and Saone were sure there was a hint of mischief in that one word, for they both looked at each other with looks of pained inevitability.
“I was afraid you’d say that,” Saone said.  “A cryptic and religious answer to an ethical scientific fact…the worlds have enough of those, Denysia.  I’d like some proof.”
Proof you shall have, she answered.  First we must close the door.
Saone let out a curse, grudgingly accepting her vision as prophecy.  She closed her eyes tight and lifted her head to the ceiling, wishing that Kryssyna would not have to become part in this.  This was her vision, her supposed fate, and not Kryssyna’s.  She had sworn never to lead her into danger unless she had volunteered willfully, and this time she dared not ask.  She did not want the both of them to die, when it came down to it.  She would die for her…but not with her.
This includes the both of you, Denysia said.
“I can do without the invasion into my brain, Denysia,” she said with more than a hint of anger.
Kryssyna took her hand and squeezed it tight.  “Don’t worry about me, Saone…I think I know what she’s up to.  There’s still a way out.”
Saone pulled away, staring at her.  Was there a way out of certain inevitable death that she did not know about?  Apparently Kryssyna did know, for she now had a peaceful smile crossing her lips.  She drew a finger across her forehead, pushing back an errant strand of hair.  “Think about it,” she said.  “Peace, Love and Light, Saone.  They truly are what is protecting us — not just you and I, but the thousands out on the floor.  And everyone else out in that world.”  She let out a small giggle and embraced her again, giddy with emotion.  “All we need to do is keep the three energies bound together, keep them in everyone’s mind and heart.”
Saone didn’t fully believe it herself.  If she could feel that unconditional love she felt when Denysia touched them…and if she could feel that love now, even with only her voice to hear, then maybe there was a chance after all that these people would survive.  What stories they could tell years from now, she mused, a ridiculous grin crossing her own face.  Those touched spiritually by the One of All Sacred…the followers of the One.
“Lead on,” she called out into the air.  Inspired by the moment, she recited a prayer she’d remembered from her youth.  “I am yours, Dearest One…I come to you with my spirit and my love, to lay down and pass into countless realms for you.  And, ultimately, for all of the universes and realities.”
I am honored, Denysia said quietly.  You shall be remembered in my heart.
Saone laughed…it was the only reaction that made sense right now!  “…and you in mine,” she said.  She took Kryssyna’s hand and led her to the hallway door.  “It’s time.”  They walked out the door together and into the Light…

*

Caren stirred and opened her eyes, and once again knew she was where she needed to be.  Anando was holding her close, his fingers caressing her face and hair, keeping her close to his chest and watching over her in silence.  His eyes shone when they met hers, completely happy to have her back.  She inhaled slowly, tasting the sticky sweet air of energy that swelled around her, and realized that for the first time in her life she felt completely relaxed and at ease with herself, both spiritually and physically.
Hra khera, hra mehra, she thought with a smile.  I am at peace.
She pushed herself out of his arms and into a sitting position, getting her bearings.  They were in a small and dimly lit room, presumably in one of the mezzanine offices at the warehouse. It had grown dark outside, with barely any sunlight coming through the frosted windows.  How long had she been out?  “Where are we?” she asked.
“Upstairs offices at the far end of the warehouse,” Anando said.  “We felt it best to distance you from the main floor for now.  Amna has left to be with Denysia, so it’s just you and me.”
To her complete surprise, she did not feel the sudden shock of not knowing where her sister was or being able to get to her.  For the first time in ages, she no longer worried about Denni’s welfare; rather, she now felt an immense pride, trusting her completely.
“Denni…” she stopped, twisting in place to face him.  “Denni brought me to our apartment up in Berndette Corner.  Just for a little while.  She said she’s using me as an anchor for her own spirit.”
Anando nodded.  “Amna is there for a physical anchor.  Now that Denysia is bound to the both of you, she cannot be taken away.”
Caren didn’t like the tone of those words.  “Tell me, Anando.”
Anando pursed his lips and frowned, looking away briefly.  “She understood the consequences of the Cleansing, Karinna.  She has to perform the Closing.  Those down on the floor may be experiencing the blending of the spirits, becoming true cho-nyhndah, but unless one wanted to perform this ritual on the entire world…someone needs to close the connection.  Otherwise this will continue to go on indefinitely, eventually expanding outwards into the Universe.  And that is not part of the plan.”
“No…” she said.  Despite her revived strength, she could not will herself to stand up.  She felt so tired, so exhausted…the worlds had taken so much out of her the last few days, had asked so much of her that she now felt herself resigned to fate.  She hadn’t made peace with it all, not even close.  But for now, all the fight had gone out of her.  All she could do was hope that Denni would be able to bring this all to an end somehow, bring everything back to a peaceful stasis.
Faith… she thought.  I have faith in you, Den.
“I’m sorry,” Anando whispered, breaking the silence.
Caren frowned at him.  “What are you apologizing for, Anando?  You weren’t a part of all this…were you?”
“I’m sorry that we did not explain everything to you so long ago,” he said, looking away again.  Was he ashamed?  “The Mendaihu could only watch and protect Denysia and yourself…we could not prevent fate.”
“To hell with fate!” she growled, waving a hand at him.  “If Denni and I were destined to do this?  I wouldn’t call this fate at all!  Predetermination?  Sure.  Prophecy?  Sure.  But it is not fate.  We have a choice, Anando.  Free will.  We could have chosen not to follow at any time, you know.  Our souls may sing, but we still have the ability to ignore it.  It could have gone differently.”
Anando sighed patiently.  “Nehalé still would have started the Awakening.  Denysia still would have become the One of All Sacred.  But you’re right, it was not fate…it was inevitability.”
Caren swore again, this time inwardly.   He was right, damn it all.  Despite her resignation, the situation still aggravated the hell out of her.  Denni, Poe, Sheila and Nick, everyone else…they had been drawn into this by Anando, by Kai and Ashan…by Farraway…by her parents…and by Nehalé Usarai.  “And I had the chance to beat the shit out of that bastard just a half hour ago,” she mumbled to herself.
Anando cocked his head at her.  “What?”
She smirked at him.  “Nothing.  Sorry I yelled at you.”  She reached out and held his hand.  “Can’t escape this, can I?”
He squeezed her hand and offered her a weak smile.  “I’m afraid not.”
“I figured as much,” she said.  “Listen…whatever happens next…I want to thank you for finding me.”  She suddenly found herself blushing and turned away.  “Look at me…laughing like a moron.  Damn it, I’m supposed to be pissed right now, Anando!  I’m thirty-three, damn it.  I’m too old to be falling in love again with an apparent soul mate I don’t even know.”
Anando let out a hearty laugh.  “Ha!  So you admit to it!”
She smacked him on the shoulder.  “Shut up!  I don’t even know how I feel about you right now!”
“Never try to explain love, you’ll only get yourself in trouble,” he said with a wink.
“Truer words never spoken,” she said, and pushed herself up, offering him a hand on the way.  “Let’s go do this.  I’ve a feeling we’re supposed to be going somewhere right now.”
Anando stopped in his tracks.  “We’re supposed to stay here, in this room, Karinna,” he said.
Caren shook her head.  “I’ve healed enough for now.  I have you and I have Denni, and I’ve never felt safer.  I don’t need to be here, not now.  I believe I am already cho-nyhndah.  Maybe it’s inherited from my parents…maybe Nehalé woke up the Shenaihu side of me that night…I don’t know.”  She placed a hand on her chest, feeling her own heart beating, and it was completely calm for the first time in years.  “I believe both sides are here within me, Anando.  I can feel it, just like I can feel your connection to me.”  She blushed again, laughing quietly.  “I’m sorry…it’s hard to describe without sounding like an idiot.”
Anando smirked.  “Trust me, dear one, you don’t.”
“Maybe I don’t,” she said.  “Maybe you’re right, that this awakening was fate after all.  Maybe it had to happen.  For some of us, like Poe and myself, we already had our cho-nyhndah within.  All we needed was for something to trigger our consciousness of it.  Nehalé’s ritual.  Do you understand what I’m trying to say?”
“I think I do.  But what about those downstairs?  Are you saying that they don’t have that other side, as you put it?”
“I wouldn’t know,” she said, her brows lifting.  “Who am I to be the judge of that?  It could be anything.  But letting those corresponding spirits — gods, that sounds so cold and distant, doesn’t it?  Those newer spirits make me think of Prometheus, oddly enough.”
“A…a jinko?” he said.  It took Caren a few moments to realize he’d used a street word of bastardized Japanese used coarsely and often rudely to describe the manmade AI so prevalent in office structures.  A created lifeform, but devoid of soul.  It was not quite what she had meant, but in a way it was close enough.
“Sort of,” she said.  “Like Shirai at the Mirades Tower.  It’s something so new to us that we, as a human and by extension a Meraladian race, aren’t quite sure what to make of it.  We all have our ideas and opinions, but none of us really know what’s true and what might be imagined.  I can’t help but wonder what their lives are going to be like once this is over.”
“If all goes according to plan,” Anando said soothingly, “there won’t be a difference at all.  If Denysia keeps them close to her, they’ll keep their focus.  The only change will be that of another awakening…that of memories.  The other spirit’s memories…and they’ll perceive them as their own, which will be true, since both spirits will become one.”
Caren stopped him with a hand and shook her head.  “Okay.  That I didn’t know.”  She paused, sorely tempted to continue this conversation, but she knew that there was little time left.  “We can continue this later, Anando.  Right now I’ve got to get outside.”  She held out a hand.  “You’re welcome to follow if you want to.”
Without a second thought, he moved forward and took her hand again.  Together they stepped out of the office and made for the opposite end of the warehouse.  She stopped momentarily at the end of the aisle, gazing at the thousands of people at the other end, kneeling in silent prayer.  She watched them with both reverence and awe; these were the followers of the One — her sister! — and believed in her so deeply that they had put their very lives in her hands.  Caren knew she was here among them, in spirit if not in person.
Peace, Love and Light to all of you, she said to anyone who could or wanted to hear.  Love is with the One Everlasting.  She turned back, and exited with Anando onto the rain-slicked street.
It had stopped raining for the most part, the clouds above slowly fading from a deep charcoal to a light gray.  Whatever had been done, it was working.  The Rain of Light had been successfully harnessed, and now the spirits would soon be released.  She turned on the commlink on the lapel of her uniform and called out to Poe, hoping he was still there.

*

Poe did not expect to be so relieved to hear Caren’s voice over the comm, but he felt himself tearing up the moment she called his name.  He truly hadn’t expected her to, once she entered the warehouse.  Her primary motive, after all, had been to be with Denni, no matter what the cost.  The Key already forgotten, Poe moved to a corner of the small shed, settled down on a pile of pillows, and leaned up against the wall.  Just outside the one window, he could see Christine pacing back and forth in her own thoughts.
“Pashyo, Caren.  It’s great to hear your voice,” he said, and meant it.  “Thank the Goddess you’re okay.”
“This has been a very weird hour, Alec,” she said.  “You’re on Haden Street, right?  Two or three blocks down?”
“Yeah,” he said.  “I’m still at Christine’s, up on the roof.  The Key is holding.”
“Tell her I said hello, and thank her for me…for all of us!  Anando and I are heading out, we’ll meet you there in about ten or fifteen minutes.  I suggest that if there’s last minute things that need to be done, you do them now.”
Poe frowned.  In the back of his mind he remembered the name from Matthew’s data crystal.  “Who’s he?  And what’s going on?”
“You’ll meet him soon enough,” she said.  He could just about hear the smile on her face.  “In the meantime, I suggest you hold your position if you don’t have anything else going on.  I’m going to get a hold of Kai and Ashan and get them up to speed.”
“Caren, what’s going on?” he asked again.  “What aren’t you telling me?”
“It’s too complicated right now, but I’ll explain when I get there.  You’re going to be involved, Alec,” she said.
Poe bristled at the comment, but let it pass for now.  “Did you happen to see our second team, by any chance?” he asked.  “They should still be at the warehouse.”  He had been about to say something else when Christine walked back in, noticed him in the corner, and lifted her head at him in question.  He mouthed Caren’s name, tapped on his watch, and waved an open palm at her.  Frowning, she nodded and left the shed again.
“Alec?” she called.
“Sorry.  Just telling Christine we’re getting more company.  Anyway, last I knew, they were inside the warehouse, or at least nearby.”
“They shouldn’t have come,” Caren cursed.  “I just came from there.  It’s too late to go back now.”
“Don’t worry about it,” he said quickly.  “I’ll try to hail them again.”
“Right.  See you in ten,” she said, and signed off before he could say any more.
“Damn!”  He pushed himself up and headed out of the shed.  He cursed again as he strode towards the edge of the roof, wiping his brow with his shirt sleeve.  With the last of the Rain calmed, the air had gotten humid and uncomfortable.  Everything was a discomfort right now…Denni was off in an otherwhere, Caren had left the warehouse, Kai and Ashan were too far away, and team two were in the wrong place.  So many things could go wrong right now.  The chances of Nick and Sheila getting out of the warehouse so quickly were slim and falling.  He blessed is luck when Nick answered after a few tries on different frequencies.  He hurriedly explained the situation to him and tried talking him out of staying at the warehouse, at least for his own protection.
“Sheila’s right here,” he said.  “She wants to stay.”
“Caren told me to get the two of you out of there, Nick,” he warned.  “Now, I’m hoping that nothing will happen…perhaps you’ll all be safe there, I don’t know.”
“So what do we do?” he asked.
“Use your judgment.  If you think it’s safe to stay, fine.  I just wouldn’t recommend it if you’re not ready for it.”
Nick did not answer right away.
“We’re all meeting at Christine’s place, on the roof,” Poe added.  “She’ll have the door open.”
“Sheila still wants to stay,” Nick finally answered, his voice quiet.
“Fine,” he growled.  “It’s your own choice then.”
Nick paused again before answering, leaving Poe in an uncertain predicament.  Had he just broken up the second team?  Had he just put Sheila in danger, inadvertently or not?  By rule of seniority, it had fallen on him to make such decisions.  But this had not been a normal situation, even by ARU standards.  He could only hope he had made the right decision.
“I’ll try to be there as soon as possible,” Nick said, almost sullenly.  She must have almost talked him into it.
Poe gave him directions and let him sign off.  He cursed one more time, trying to keep a handle on this rapidly deteriorating situation.  He pulled out a cigarette from his inside uniform pocket and lit it, leaning heavily on the railing.  A moment later Christine joined him.  Without a word she plucked the cigarette from his fingers, took a long drag, and placed it back in his hand.  He pulled another out, lit it, and handed it to her.
“Thanks.  A Closing ritual,” she said before exhaling.
He nodded and took another drag.  “I just signed off the fate of two of the best people I work with, Chris.”
She squeezed his shoulder.  “They’ll be fine, Alec,” she said.  “They’ll be changed…but they’ll be fine.”
“I sure as hell hope so.”

*

Matthew glanced at the multiple security camera images blinking across one of the leftmost screens.  He had most of them trained on Governor Rieflin’s forces to make sure they did not act without his say so.  Matthew had let him contact each captain in charge to remind them of that fact, and in retrospect, he was amazed that Rieflin did not attempt to defy him.  Rieflin had told them quickly and forcefully that they were not to shut down this ritual, no matter what they witnessed.  He was greatly amused by Rieflin’s self-added threat that those who defied his orders would not answer to him, but to Jack Priestley and the Crimson-Null Foundation.  It was a bit overboard, but it certainly did its job.  No one dared disobey his orders now.
Rieflin’s face appeared on the main screen, worn and sweat-streaked.  “Everyone is accounted for, kid.  Now do you mind telling me what the hell is about to happen?”
Matthew smiled.  “Greatly appreciated, sir, and of course I will.  That storm you see out there, the Rain of Light, has been grounded.  Excess spiritual energy has been harnessed, calmed, and sent back to the warehouse, where it’s still collecting.  The ritual in question…”  He paused, thinking of the best way to put it without stirring Rieflin’s doubts or fears.  “…is what’s called a Cleansing.  Physically, it’s harmless.”
Rieflin seemed to soften a little.  On a separate monitor he saw Nandahya Mirades biting her bottom lip, her face growing paler by the moment.  She knew what this ritual entailed, but she did not dare tell Rieflin.  Matthew, who felt he was somewhat a better judge of character than Nandahya, had maneuvered Rieflin to the point that he could sway him to his side, but he did not want to chance it so soon.  Instead, he continued with a softer version of what was going on.
Nandahya must be cho-nyhndah, he mused.  That has to be why she’s holding back.
“There are, however, some physical side-effects to the ritual…I’m going to warn you now, sir, that there may be some people who will find some of this a bit disturbing.”
“Okay,” he said unevenly.  “How so?”
“No one will be harmed.  That I can promise you.  They will be changed, spiritually and emotionally…but physically no harm will come to them.”
Just then, to Matthew’s right, a flash of light on a screen caught his eye.  He turned to the monitor, stopped in his thoughts, and shivered.  Caught by the security cam outside the warehouse, a pinprick of white light had pierced the roof and shot skyward.  He tapped at the monitor and zoomed out, showing the beam slicing clean through the clouds above.
“Huh,” he said, lifting his brows.  He hadn’t expected that so soon.  “Sir…” he continued, and turned back to Rieflin’s image.  He cleared his throat and started again.  “Sir, I repeat.  No physical harm will come to anyone.  All I ask is that you understand…this is not an offensive or defensive move.  It’s merely a closing.  An endgame.”
Rieflin frowned at him.  “What are you talking about?”
“Sir,” he said.  “Look out the window.”
Matthew watched as Rieflin craned his neck to the right, his brows pinched together.  A second later his whole face went slack and pale.  A word, possibly a curse, died on his lips.
“Welcome to a new reality, sir,” Matthew said.  “Keep in touch.  I trust your judgment.”
Matthew tapped a single key, and all of Rieflin’s connections flickered back online.  Rieflin had not noticed, for both he and Nandahya had risen from their chairs and moved towards the windows, where they stared at the beacon of light coming from the Waterfront district.
He did not bother to check on Rieflin’s forces.  They were smart enough not to move in on something this enormous.  Instead he pushed himself out of the chair, stretched the kinks out of his muscles, and left the room.  He stopped in the kitchen to grab a bottle of water and left the apartment for the roof.
He saw the beacon of light shooting through the Rain of Light as soon as he passed through the door.  He chose a spot near the edge, sat down in a lotus position, and began to meditate. 








CHAPTER TWENTY-NINE
Awakening

Denysia?
Denni opened her eyes to the brilliance enveloping her body.  She felt nothing...no wind pushing at her, no temperature to scald or freeze her, no gravity to pull her down, no objects for her to touch.  The only other sound besides her own breathing was that of Ampryss, quietly but anxiously calling her name.  She twirled in midair and let herself stop in what she thought was the direction of the voice, and leaned forward ever so slightly until she felt the sensation of moving towards it.
Ampryss, she called back.
Denysia, she repeated, a tone of relief in her voice.  I am happy to hear your voice again.  You have initiated the Cleansing?
I have, Denni answered.
Despite the freedom, despite the boundless knowledge she had acquired, she still felt something had kept her from knowing precisely why all this was happening.  It had remained unattainable, even through her transformation, and she knew she was not the only one feeling this frustration.  Caren had voiced hers quite a few times throughout this ordeal…she, of all people, deserved some sort of answer.
As if reading her thoughts, Ampryss spoke into the void: This is the way it has always been, Denysia.  For you alone, to awaken as the One of All Sacred, all you needed was to comprehend the infinite power of knowledge.  For you, it was the simple task of equating comprehension with Meraladian sensing.  Because of that, it became instinct for you.  You do not feel intimidated by your godlike status, because you trust yourself.  You have simply accepted that You Are.  That’s all it is, nothing more.
For others, however…for untold numbers to awaken at once to their True Nature, we as spiritwatchers have found it necessary for a life-changing event to trip people up, as it were.  When Nehalé Usarai initiated the First Awakening ritual, the psychic blast caused a great number of people to see life with different eyes.  When he brought you back to the Crest, you learned to achieve clarity by stepping away temporarily.  Down there, in your city, those most affected were also the most changed.  Their ancestral link to Trisanda had become strengthened by both your awakening and by the Rain of Light.
Denni let a long silence go by before she answered.  That doesn’t answer my question, she said.  Why is this happening?
Perhaps that is not the question you want to ask, Ampryss replied, because it is too vague.  You are asking for a meaning to life.  Perhaps if you narrowed your question down?
Denni growled in frustration.  Ampryss was right, she needed a sharper focus.  What would Caren have asked?  She would have been able to get a straightforward answer out of anyone if she was angry enough.  Okay, then, she huffed.  What, exactly, was Nehalé’s motive for starting the Awakening?  Are we awaiting — no, let me rephrase that.  I understand the concept of Return, Ampryss.  Countless religions, myths, what have you…most all of them have some sort of Return.  It could be a soul’s return to a higher plane of existence…or a Messiah’s return to the mortal world.  She let out a satisfied chuckle.  I suppose I can be viewed as the latter.  But all of this?  Nehalé’s psychic blast…the Rain of Light…the hrrah-sehdhyn…the ongoing animosity between the Mendaihu and the Shenaihu…just so we can all achieve some sort of personal godhood?  That’s not the full story.  If Nehalé caused all that just to Awaken us, I’m sure he could have done without the sacrifices.  Something scared him.  Is that it?
Nehalé Usarai is a reality seer, Ampryss said.  What he sees in the future is only one of a number of possible realities, all of which hinge upon the events that happen before it.  He saw the possibility of your Awakening and moved on that without question.  That tends to be his weakness most of the time, but truly, he had honorable intentions.  As for the cho-nyhndah ritual, to bring the Mendaihu and Shenaihu souls together…
Ampryss left her in an uncomfortable silence as she gathered her own thoughts together.  Denni squirmed in the sea of Light, already becoming restless and wishing that she were back on Earth, with her sister, with Amna, with her friends…with anyone now, in the physical plane.  But to leave this Light now would be to leave the thousands she watched over as the Gathering and Cleansing rituals took place.  It was her selflessness and love for them that kept her from leaving, but it was her own youth and individuality that screamed to let go.  These were her own twin spirits manifesting themselves.
Ultimately, he believes he is building an army of Warriors of the One, Denysia, Ampryss said finally.  He is readying Gharra for another war of the spirits.
“He can’t!” she barked. “I won’t let him, Ampryss!  We cannot have another war between the Mendaihu and the Shenaihu!”
No, we cannot, she answered.   That is why you must stop him from falling into the same trap again, Denysia.  You’ve calmed the spirits now, but they need rest.  They need direction if we are to avoid another war.  It is your duty as the One of All Sacred to ease this tension and find a peaceful balance again.
Denni wanted to answer that, but she could find no words right now.  Why was Nehalé trying to destroy everything he’d been working so hard for?  And why was Natianos Lehanna responding to every peace offering with violence?  Why was any of this happening?  She already knew the only way to end this Cleansing ritual was to have Natianos interrupt it.  He had to close the cycle, just as Nehalé had opened it.
She shivered, saddened and angry at the same time.  I feel so…so frustrated, Ampryss.  We’re all doing our best to be at peace, and yet our spirits wish otherwise.  It’s like we’re victims of our own dichotomies.
Ampryss did not answer, but instead sent a ripple through Denni to let her know she was still there.  Denni found her silence disconcerting.  Ampryss had never manifested on Earth, not once during all the Embodiments.  She would remain at her Great Table on Trisanda, forever welcoming those who visited and offering guidance, but never forcing it upon anyone.  Ampryss was the ultimate reality seer, knowing all three levels of history: past, present and future.  And yet she refused to become an active part of it.  Denni ached for her, wondering if she had ever wished to participate, even once.  Witnessing all, but never part of the whole.
She reached out for a random thought from the Light — from any of the thousands of people she was connected with — and within moments she was able to find the two names she wanted.  They were from Saone Lehanna, the woman she had touched in the warehouse.  Saone had given her these names freely, as a gift.
Natianos Lehanna and Janoss Mirades, Denni said, keeping her anger in check.  They’ve visited you, haven’t they?
Yes, Ampryss admitted without guilt.  Yes, they have.
Denni nearly exploded in a tirade of curses and accusations at the mere thought of Ampryss conversing with the enemy, but found the strength to keep herself in check.  There was no reason to attack someone whose impartiality was the one thread keeping this delicate situation from unraveling.  Her anger was dangerously misplaced, and the spirits around her were starting to respond in kind.  She took several deep breaths and calmed herself.  Peace, Love and Light, she told them.  I have erred.  Do not judge those who may be allies in the future.  They shall trust you in time.
Well done, Ampryss said.  You have calmed storms using only words and love. 
I have screwed up, Denni replied flatly, and grunted.  So…what am I to do now?  Somehow I don’t think a summit between us all will help matters right now, even if it was at the Meeting Table.
My table welcomes everyone, Ampryss said.
Denni laughed bitterly.  If only it were that easy!  For that I thank you, Ampryss.  Perhaps after everything has calmed down some.  Getting them all together in one place seems like wishful thinking right now.  It doesn’t seem like the right thing to do just yet.
You may contact them at any time, you know, Ampryss offered.  They will listen.
It was tempting, but again her soul did not sing out for it.  It was not the right time.  There were too many variables, too many things that could still go wrong.  I may eventually.  The Cleansing Ritual is nearing its end, and I must give my full attention to it.  I will contact you when I can, regarding this summit, however.  Perhaps within the next few weeks.  I’m sure that we all will need time to heal first.
Ampryss laughed.  My Dearest One, your intelligence knows no bounds.
That’s what’s so annoying about it, she retorted.  Thank you, Ampryss.  You’ve opened my eyes once again.  I shall call for you soon.  Peace, Love and Light to you.
…and with you, Ampryss said, sending another ripple of Light through Denni’s spirit as she exited.
Denni floated in silence for a long time, thinking and meditating, before she decided what the next step would be.  She nodded to herself, sent out her own ripple, this time of Love, out to her newly awakened, faithful followers.  Her newfound friends.  Her soldiers.  Her Warriors of the One.

*

“Ashan…” Kai whispered.  “I can feel them…all of them.”  Eyes blurry with tears, she couldn’t keep from staring at the beam of light that shot up from the warehouse.  She reached out blindly and caught the sleeve of his shirt, grasping it tightly.  “It’s working…by the will of the One, it’s working!”
“Yes, it is,” Ashan answered, his voice no louder than hers.  He watched the Light energy with his sharpened sight as it condensed itself within the warehouse and soared skyward into the heavens.  The storm clouds had dispersed, leaving nothing but an immaculately clear blue sky.  All the dormant spirits within the Rain were now part of the cho-nyhndah.  It was now up to Denni to lead them in the right direction.
Kai reached out again with her gossamer thread of conscience to sense as many of the cho-nyhndah as she could.  She felt the ripples of excitement from the awakened, sensing their eagerness to live, to take in all the knowledge of spirit that they could, and to follow the One of All Sacred to the ends of the universes.  Their euphoric song touched at Kai’s very soul, pulling her ever closer in.  She loosened her inhibitions and drank in the warmth.  She felt anticipation; they were waiting for Denni.  They were waiting for orders.
“Can you feel her?” Ashan asked.
“She’s very distant…as if she’s assimilating into all of the spirits around her.  They’re just soaking her in.”  Kai let out a small laugh.  “Goddess, she knows more than she’s ever let on!  She understands…dehndarra Né hra nyhndah.”
Ashan broke out of his stare and glanced at her.  “How old is she, anyway?  Fifteen?”
Kai frowned in thought.  “Yes, I think so.  Why do you ask?”
He shrugged.  “Just an observation.  There’s a chance she may just remember what she was taught in services when she was young…but it’s got to be more than that.  She’s acquired so much in so little time, and not once has it come back on her.  Everything she’s done is purely instinctual.”
Because it is instinctual, Kai said from within.  Though she was born Dennise Johnson, she was reborn Denysia Shalei, the One of All Sacred.  It is because of her faith in her followers as well as herself that she does not stray from her own heart.
The beam of Light caught Kai’s attention again.  It had begun to pulse, very slowly at once every ten or twelve seconds.  Her own instincts had picked the pattern up just as she had caught the pulse in the corner of her eye.  Her heart quickened each time it happened.  “Tell me you caught that,” she said.
Ashan hummed in agreement.  “That’s new.”
“What’s happening?”
He continued watching the beam, frowning.  “I honestly do not know.  I have never seen or heard of a Cleansing beacon pulsating before.”
“Nor have I.”
Ashan took a step back and shifted his focus back to Lightseeing.  It took him a few tries to focus in on the spirit body rather than the spirit energy, as the former had almost blinded him earlier.  Once there he found it harder to stay focused in this different view.  He tried again and looked in the direction of the warehouse.
What he saw was a delicate play of shapes and hues, bobbing and weaving above the entire area of the hrrah-sehdhyn in what had begun to resemble a spinning galaxy.  Each spirit signature, each aura shone in its own degree of color and radiance.  They intertwined with one another, creating a complex rainbow of Light, the strength of which he had never seen.
“They’re not gathering anymore,” he said unevenly.  “They’re assimilating.”
“What?” Kai gasped.  “That’s impossible!”
“See for yourself,” he said.  “I have no idea what she’s doing.  None of the others in the same position have ever pulled Warriors of the One together this quickly…let alone in this fashion.”  He exhaled, shaking his head and adjusting his eyes back to normal.  “It’s beyond my understanding now.”
Kai shuddered, realizing what that meant.  It meant that all the Mendaihu, all the Shenaihu…all psionic sensitives here on this planet were on the verge of a new awakening, one that would surpass those in the past.  It meant she had found a threat no one else, not even Nehalé or Natianos, could have expected.  It meant this was more than just a war between the Mendaihu and the Shenaihu.
She had decided to awaken everyone on Earth after all.
“By the Will of the One,” she said, and found her voice wavering.  We have become enlightened, Ashan.  The division of souls is being reversed.  She’s gone ahead and awakened the Earth.  Gharra will return to Trisanda.
Ashan did not answer.  In the silence she could see him quivering, and for the first time in many years, there were tears in his eyes.  He had come to the same conclusion, and he was terrified.

*

As far as Poe was concerned, it was the end of the world as he knew it.
Christine Gorecki had come to the same conclusion, and in a bit of gallows humor she had pulled out a number of folding chairs and set them up on the roof facing the Moulding Warehouse, giving them front row seats.  All conversation had stopped once the beacon of Light appeared, and for Poe it meant he could now wrestle his inner demons on his own, without interruption.  Caren had arrived with Anando minutes after she’d signed off the comm, and Nick had just arrived as well.  Poe acknowledged their presence with a nod before taking the chair closest to the edge.  He got up again seconds later however, his nerves getting the better of him.
Calm yourself, he heard from within.  Caren silently walked up to him and took his hand.  This is just a small step.
He felt a tickling sensation between their touching palms, and immediately his adrenalin level decreased dramatically from its peak just seconds ago.  He had felt the same relaxation just days ago on the Crest, when Kai had —
He stared at her.  “Since when have you been able to soulheal?” he said, his voice barely a whisper.
She gave him a satisfied grin.  “It just happened,” she said.
It just happened.  A hell of a lot of things had “just happened” in the last few hours, come to think of it.  This was Caren, who had gone through soulhealing therapy five years ago to deal with the death of her parents, who had trouble falling asleep at night, whose emotions tended to be a jumbled mess, just like his.  This was his partner, who had taken the awakening ritual personally and nearly drove herself towards an emotional breakdown.  This was Karinna, whose sister was just blocks away, the source of that terrifying beam of Light.
This was Caren Johnson, calm and balanced, for the first time in her life.
“Thank you,” he said quietly, and meant it.
“It’s nearly over,” she said.  “Once the Cleansing is done, everything will be back to normal.”
He nodded, and laughed as a thought struck him.  “You know,” he said to her.  “Farraway is going to be pissed that we completely failed to apprehend the man who performed that illegal ritual last week.  I’m guessing we can kiss that raise goodbye.”
A giggle escaped from Caren’s lips.  “I came so close, Poe!  I was as close as you and I, and all I did was yell at him!”  The giggle turned into a laugh.  “Seriously, I should have kicked his ass!”
“You were under the influence of your sister,” he said.  “I’m sure she was holding you back for a good reason.”
She elbowed him in the side.  “Yeah, fat lot of good that did.  I nearly screwed it up.”
“It’s true, kid,” he said.  “I’m serious.  We were all affected.”  He smiled as he turned and looked back at the warehouse.  The Light had quickened its pulsation.  “I mean that in a good way,” he added.
Caren brushed a hand over his arm.  “I know you do,” she said.  “Come on…let’s sit down.”
Poe let out a wavering breath.  Relaxed though he was, soulhealing would not deaden the anxiety he still felt.  He returned to his chair, Caren taking the seat to his left.  Anando sat on the other side of her, leaning forward with hands clasped between his knees.  The kid’s constant change of position in his chair every thirty seconds or so betrayed his façade.  His brain must be on overdrive, trying to calculate what would unfold next.
After a few quiet moments, he glanced over at the two of them again.  Anando’s presence had an extremely positive effect on Caren, there was no doubting that.  She’d been fascinated by his name just days ago, but she’d never explained why.  There as a connection there, one he couldn’t quite grasp, but he could sense it.  It was comforting, seeing her at peace like this…she deserved it.  If he truly was her cho-shadhisi, then she truly was blessed.
Anando sensed his attention and met his eyes briefly before returning to the Light.  Though Anando said nothing, Poe could tell the man had anticipated questions.  He shifted slightly in his chair to face him.
You wish to know about the Light, he said from within.
Poe nodded.  It hadn’t been his primary thought at the moment, but that question had indeed been bothering him ever since it had appeared.
This beacon functions the same way the Rain of Light did, Anando said.  We’re seeing this Light because it is stronger than usual…it’s infused with the Light of the One of All Sacred.
Poe nodded.  “Where is it going?”
Anando grinned.  “Funny you should ask that,” he said.  “Ever read Kelley James’ poetry?”
“No,” he replied.  “The former CNF Councillor, you mean?”
He nodded.  “Great statesman, brilliant peacekeeper…but also an extremely talented writer.  There’s a line in one of my favorite poems of his that I think nails it: hitting the roof of heaven and raining right back down.  He’d meant it as a reference to the early days of Earth’s new awakening centuries ago, but in this case…”  He nodded towards the warehouse.  “The Light is going to rain back down on us.  All of us.  The entire planet.”
Poe winced at him.  “The entire…from just five thousand people and one teenage girl?  I find that a little hard to believe.”
“Put that way, sure,” Anando smirked.  “I wouldn’t believe it myself.  But the five thousand people are cho-nyhndah, twin-spirited Warriors of the One, the Light is full of millions of awakened spirits…and the teenage girl is the One of All Sacred herself.  A goddess and her army.”
Poe shivered.  “For what battle, though?  Isn’t this supposed to balance the Mendaihu and the Shenaihu?”
“Eventually,” Anando he said.  “But there’s more to it than just balance, Alec.  She must know this, if she’s gone this far to awaken everybody on the entire planet.”
Words died on his lips.  He glanced at Caren, astonished by her lack of concern.  In fact, by the look on her face, she felt nothing but pride right now.  Perhaps he needed to rethink this…perhaps he needed to understand just how dire the situation had to be in order for Denni — for the One — to do something this drastic.  He was cho-nyhndah himself, yet he did not understand.
Anando had returned to looking at the beacon of Light with avid interest.  Though its luminosity gave the surrounding area a whitish glow, it was still muted enough that it could be watched with the naked eye.  If Poe concentrated enough, over the sound of stalled traffic and hushed voices, he could just make out the beacon’s slow rumble.
Wake up, he thought to himself, to the twin spirits he held within.  He felt no response, however, and his barely concealed agitation began to reappear.  He ignored it by reaching into his uniform and taking out a cigarette.  He didn’t light it right away, deciding to twirl it between his fingers instead.
I give you Peace, Love and Light, he called out to Denni, wondering if she could hear him.  I’m proud of you, kid.  I may not really know what you’re doing…but I trust you.  Know that I love you, Den.
He almost didn’t feel the faint ripple of energy washing through him in response.  But the ripple started to expand, doubling then tripling in its intensity.  It expanded a fourth time, so intense he could barely contain it.  There was no question...she had heard him.
Thank you, Alec…she said.  I love you too.
“…Denni…” he whispered, so low that not even Caren heard him.
The wash of energy — of Love — crested, and then slowly ebbed until it remained only as a subtle pleasant reminder.  He knew Denni well enough that she would have hidden a secret note for him somewhere in that wash if she’d wanted, and most likely did.  He’d look for it in time.  He relaxed for the first time in days and smiled, wiping tears away.

*

For the first time in her life, Sheila Kennedy knew she was truly at peace.  She no longer felt the hard concrete of the floor below her, nor did she feel the cooling breeze at her back that came through the open dock doors.  Instead she felt the vague sensation of floating above the city.  She opened her eyes, tears bleeding from the corners, and knew instantly that she was seeing with Lighted sight…the heightened senses and perceptions of everything around her, entering her mind and her cho-nyhndah spirit with a new radiance she had never before experienced.
She chanced a look down, and recognized the Waterfront area immediately.  She frowned at the blind spot in her vision that obscured Moulding’s Warehouse, which lay directly below.  She was outside and above with the others from the warehouse, nearly half a mile up and still climbing.
You are a Protector, a young, bodiless female voice called to her.  I know you.  You are one of Karinna’s closest friends.  She cherishes the friendship, but only recently has she been able to show that to you again.
Sheila wavered.  Denni?  Pashyo, that was Denni talking to her right now!  She sounded so different, so mature!  She shivered, first with awe, then with delight as she called out to her, thanking her profusely for accepting her into the fold.
No need to thank me, she laughed.  I should be the one thanking you.  You’ve sacrificed so much to become a Warrior of the One.  Peace, Love and Light to you, Sheila Kennedy.
Sheila opened her mouth to speak, but found no words.  This young girl she loved and watched grow up over the last ten years, all this was her doing!  The reality of it all was too much.  She felt her body sway and tremble, and it took nearly all of her own energy to maintain her position.
“Why are we here?” Sheila called out.
You, Sheila, are here to protect not only me but also my followers.  You’re in good company…you will remain close with Alec Poe and my sister.
There were words unspoken here.  “Denni, what’s happening?”
The nuhm’ndah and the kiralla.  They have returned.
Goddess, if that were true…!  “Are you sure?”
Quite, she said softly.  I’ve sensed them for some time.  You should know who they are, Sheila.  You were at St. Patrick’s yesterday.
The shiver turned into a steady tremble.  “Oh Goddess…” she whispered.  “Then…then the nuhm’ndah weren’t Shenaihu at all…”
Those in charge were in fact Shenaihu, Denni said.  But those who broke through Reverend Miriam’s barrier…they are the ones we must watch.  They’re the primal spirits, the original, pure spirits.  They’re strong, Sheila.  Incredibly strong, even more so than anyone realizes.  They want something…but I don’t know what it is.
She looked down at her hands; they were shaking terribly.  She held herself tightly and felt the world below her fading and evaporating into white.  Into Light.  She’d dreamed about this place, this otherwhere that she never completely understood, yet had wholly trusted it with her heart and her spirit.  This Light was a sanctuary for souls, a middle ground between spiritual and physical realities.  The Light curled around her body, warming her, soothing her.  Cradling her.
“…I’m afraid,” she whimpered.
Don’t be, she soothed.  You are a Warrior of the One, and a Mendaihu Gharra, Protector of Earth.  You’ll have the strength.  It is why you decided to join me, Sheila.
“I joined to get some questions answered,” Sheila started, felt her words too harsh, and started over, slower and calmer.  “I joined because I felt the need, Denni.  Not because of any overwhelming devotion to the One of All Sacred.  That’s all I can say.  It was purely an instinctual move in the spiritual sense.”
Because your soul sang to you.
“Yes.”
An even better reason, Denni hummed.
“I only wish that Nick were here.  Or Caren.”
I wish Karinna were here as well…but her fate is different than mine.  I will not go against that merely because I want her here.
Sheila looked around the air tentatively.  “And what is Caren’s fate?”
She is the Protector of the One.  The closest one to me, in spirit and body, and she’s my focus point for it all.  I cannot risk losing her.  That isn’t to say I’ll risk losing you, Sheila…far from it.  As both Warrior and Mendaihu Gharra, you fulfill the dual role of…well, intelligence, I suppose.  I need you here to witness it all.  You are Mendaihu, my friend.  You always have been.
Sheila nearly argued that point, but stopped herself.  Denni was right; she had always known, somewhere in her own spirit, of her True Self, yet for many and varied reasons she always refused to completely believe it.  She was first and foremost Sheila Kennedy, a female member of the human race living on Earth.  She would never forget that, regardless of who she was spiritually.
I admire you, Sheila, Denni said.  You know yourself better than others would.  That is your strongest form of protection.
She shuddered at the idea and pushed it away.  It was several minutes before either of them spoke again, though she could still feel Denni’s presence.  She was literally everywhere.  She could sense the young girl’s boundless spiritual energy reaching out, web-like, over the entire city, and making its way to each horizon, without hesitation or depletion of strength.
“How do you do that?” she asked.
Do what?
“I don’t know…reach like that.  It’s as if you’re a soulhealer in the most extreme sense.”
Denni laughed.  Perk of the job, maybe?  I’m not pushing myself, but I’m not holding back either.  I’m just…setting it free, without any boundaries.  After a moment she added: I still don’t know how I’ve become so omniscient, either.
“Can’t be a deity if you aren’t, kid,” she said.  Denni was years ahead of everyone else in maturity…and yet so young and naïve at the same time...
It’s strange…I thought I’d be overwhelmed by all this information at my disposal.  I’m just not conscious of everything all at once.  It’s like I hold the keys to everyone’s Akashic library.
Sheila cocked an eyebrow, amused by the obscure reference.  There was truth in Denni’s words; in the many religions on this planet, and under many names and versions, the Akashic library was the spiritual collection of every person’s memories, thoughts, actions and emotions, over many lives and universes.  It was a living, ever growing temple of the soul.  Perhaps Denni was right…maybe she could tap into this resource after all.
“So what happens now?” Sheila asked after another long silence.
We awaken everybody else.
Sheila frowned.  “That’s it?”
That’s all I can do, for now.  The nuhm’ndah and the kiralla are spirits I cannot read or control.
“How very sacrilegious of you to say that, Denni,” she smirked.  “So you aren’t fully omniscient?”
Denni let out a frustrated sigh.  I can’t explain it very well, Sheila.  They’re…I want to say that they’re a heightened version of us, maybe an alternate one.  All I know is that they did not evolve here on this planet, and that they are much stronger than the Mendaihu and the Shenaihu.  I’m not even sure of their origin.  It’s…maybe they’re from an alternate Trisanda.
“That doesn’t make sense!”
Of course it makes sense, Sheila, she countered.  Did you think this was the only universe in existence?
Sheila blushed and didn’t answer.
I’m sorry.  Didn’t mean to scold you like that.  But now that I’m here in this otherwhere again, amongst all this Light, I’ve been thinking.  It’s been about twenty-five years since the last Embodiment, yes?
“Just about,” Sheila said.  Suddenly and unexpectedly her body quivered, sinking down then lifting up again, as if she’d just temporarily slipped out of Denni’s grasp. It unnervingly like an earthquake tremor, and it scared the hell out of her.  “What the hell was that?” she yelped.  She wavered in the air again, drooping much lower that time.  “Denni?”
I…I don’t…this isn’t the Dahné.  I’m not sure what this is—
Her body began to fall again.  This time, she did not stop.
“Oh Goddess…Denni!”
Sheila!  What’s going—?
Denni cried out in pain and suddenly she was gone.  
Sheila could not feel her anymore.  She could not feel anyone.  She was no longer within the Light, either.  She was back in reality, hovering in the sky above Bridgetown, completely alone.
“Denni!”
…falling.
“Denni!”
There was absolutely no way of saving herself.  The blind spot below her had vanished, revealing the rectangular flat roof of Moulding Warehouse, the exact target where she would die horribly and violently within the next few seconds.
Denysia, she cried into the silence, her body gone completely limp.  The spirits surrounding her had vanished, leaving her utterly alone.  Denysia…
Denni, sweetest Denni…where are you…?








CHAPTER THIRTY
dehndarra Né hra nyhndah

“Perfect,” Natianos said, clasping his hands behind his back.
The beacon of Light stuttered, sputtered, and vanished out of existence within a few seconds, leaving the city in an unsettling silence.  He cast a sensing thread over the immediate area to gauge the reaction; the overwhelming feeling was that of shock and dread.  Too early to tell if anyone would take action after that, but he doubt anyone would want to, not after that spectacle.  He and the One of All Sacred had both come to the same unspoken conclusion: for every action, there was an opposite reaction.  He had to shut down what Nehalé had started.  It was the only way to do it right.  The only way to do it justice.
This young Embodiment was more intelligent than he’d expected her to be.  This season was going to be interesting.
He turned to Janoss, who’d remained at his side during it all.  The color had drained from his face, the creases in his forehead and near his eyes folding into deep furrows.  “What…just happened?” Janoss muttered.  “I know you’d sent out a hell of a lot of energy just a few minutes ago, but…was that supposed to happen?  Wasn’t the beacon supposed to, I don’t know…fade, instead of die out like that?”
“I did two things, Janoss,” he said quietly.  “The Cleansing ritual was completed by way of my willing it closed, which you witnessed yourself.  And in a much more dignified way than Nehalé and his Awakening, I should add.  I only had to connect to the spirits and direct them to stop, with a little help.  And in doing so, an Ascension was neatly corrupted.  I couldn’t let the young One make a move I consider hasty.  I merely caused a Fall.”
Janoss nodded slowly.  “Angel metaphors,” he said, and cocked an eyebrow at him.  “You didn’t pull her wings off then, did you?”
Natianos chuckled.  “No, Janoss, I didn’t.  I merely clipped them a bit.  I’m sure they’ll grow back.”
Father!
Saone’s voice invaded his thoughts with a vengeance.  He pushed her anger away just as quickly.  Not now, Saone, he responded.  Be patient.
Father, hear me!
Another wave of anger tore out of him, stronger this time.  Not now!
Silence lingered in their spiritual link, Saone no doubt wanting to fight back but knowing better than that.  After a few seconds he felt her grudging acceptance.  She left wordlessly and did not call again.
Janoss finally turned from the window, the color returning to his face.  He took a tentative step towards the long couches, then another.  Finally he paused in front of one, hand up near his mouth as if to speak, thought better of it, shook his head and sat down instead, his back to Natianos.  Clearly the man was starting to have second thoughts about their place in all these rituals, and he couldn’t blame him.  Eventually Janoss dropped heavily onto the couch and sulked.
“I have to admit,” Natianos said, remaining at the window.  “I can’t help but worry about my youngest daughter, Janoss.  You remember Saone, don’t you?  Wonderful girl…though she’s more rebellious than I’d like.  I’d rather she not be a casualty if it comes to it.”
Janoss did not answer.
“Anyway,” he continued.  “She’s down there at the warehouse.  Did she get caught up in the Cleansing?  Was she part of the Ascension?  Was she even part of the Awakening, and is she now cho-nyhndah?  Who knows?  It’s out of my hands, Janoss.  She is my daughter, but I do not own her spirit.  And certainly dear Saone is old enough to live with her own decisions.  I just hope she chose wisely.”  Finally turning away from the city, he faced Janoss again.  The man was still stewing in his own juices, arms crossed and stuck in his thoughts.  “No barriers here, Janoss,” he said, joining him on the opposite couch.  “What’s on your mind?”
Could he be having a crisis of faith?  The mere thought surprised him.  Janoss had gone in and orchestrated a bloodbath at St. Patrick’s Church just yesterday, and had done so without hesitation.  Why did he feel troubled at this point?  Certainly not guilt…he was not a weak man.  He would accept the outcome of his own actions, one way or another.
“Something’s…not right,” Janoss said eventually.  There was no emotion in his words.  “Nyhnd’aladh, my Dahné, but I don’t think we should have done that.  Not so soon.”
Natianos bristled.  “So soon?  What are you talking about?  That was the perfect time.  Had she achieved full Ascension right then, this struggle would have ended before it even began.  She was trying to awaken everyone.”
Janoss exhaled again.  “I know…”
“Everyone,” he repeated with more force.  “Everyone on this blessed planet!”
“I understand, Natianos,” he snapped.
Natianos shook his head impatiently and leaned forward in his seat.  “You don’t, Janoss, not completely,” he said.  “That’s the problem.  What would have happened, then?  The nuhm’ndah and the kiralla would be a moot point, that’s what.  Our beliefs, our lives, our heritage would have been wiped clean.”
“But…the cho-nyhndah—”
“…is a myth, Janoss!” he said, waving a frustrated hand in the air.  “Where is the balance if it exists in the body of one person?  Each person’s spirit would be exactly the same!  This is why I did what I did, do you not see that?  The cho-nyhndah have indeed awakened.  The people of this world are on the verge of awakening to their Trisandi heritage, just like those here in our city.  But the cho-nyhndah, the true twin spirits, still remain a small percentage.”
“…to maintain the balance,” Janoss said, eyeing him.  “With the awakened.”
“Precisely,” he said with finality.  Now he understood.
“And what of the One?” Janoss asked.
“Dennise Johnson?” he smirked.  “She’s a fifteen year old girl from Berndette Corner.  She might have most of the One’s abilities, and she shows quite a high intelligence that some of our previous Embodiments may have lacked…but she’s still learning.  She’s far from ready to lead right now.”
Janoss nodded slowly.  “I see.”
“That’s why I caused the Fall,” he continued.  “If the One had ascended at this moment, knowing only half the truth from the Mendaihu, and hardly anything at all about the Shenaihu, the war would have been lost from the beginning.  She would have shunned us all eventually, put us back in our cages before we could even ascend ourselves.”
Janoss grinned at the turn of phrase.  “Are you sure you she’d shun us?  Come on.  She would have given up, just like all the other Embodiments.”
Natianos shrugged after a moment.  “Maybe so…but the outcome would have been the same.  The effects of the ritual would fade, and we’d be back to square one.  No further to our goals, once again frustrated and lost until the next Embodiment came along a quarter century later.”
Janoss nodded, and did not speak again.  They both sat in silence for a long time afterwards, each with vastly different ideas of what that regression would have entailed.  Eventually, Janoss left to return to his own office without saying a word.  Natianos stood up again and returned to the window.  He looked out over the Sprawl, a smile slowly crossing his face.
His reverie was short-lived as soon as Saone called again.  Father, I demand your attention!
Speak, child, he said with all the patience he could muster.  I am listening.
He felt her anger and disappointment in cascading waves, and had expected as much.  Once again she had gone in not knowing the full extent of the consequences, joining with the One of All Sacred as she did.  She had tried to win his trust and his faith in her, and had utterly failed.
Father… she said.  What the hell have you done?
I have kept our heritage alive, Saone.  He left it at that.  He did not want to have to explain his actions all over again.  You are nuhm’ndah, Saone.  You are not Mendaihu.
I am cho-nyhndah, she said defiantly.  I am not the daughter you once knew.
You are no such thing, he growled.  Look deep within and see the truth for once.  Stop lying to yourself.
Saone’s waves of anger faltered, giving way to confusion.
You are Saone Lehanna si Oktanis si Alnaisu, a pure Shenaihu nuhm’ndah through three spiritual clan threads.  You are capable of many things, Saone, but you cannot disown your heritage.  It is what you are.
Damn you, Saone growled at him.  Damn you, father!  Why have you done this?
Natianos sighed out of frustration.  You are free to follow any wind of doctrine you wish to follow.  That restriction I cannot force upon you.  I am giving you a chance to redeem yourself, madin.  The choice is yours.
That’s… she started.  Her faith in herself had already started to wane.  I cannot choose on a moment’s notice!
He chuckled despite himself.  It did not seem that way when you met with the One of All Sacred.
She did not answer for a long time after that.  He had become used to these long pauses in their spiritual conversations.  I am still your father, Saone, he reminded.  I am still here for you spiritually.  But do know that I shall no longer welcome you in this house until you embrace your nuhm’ndah heritage.
You—
Enough, he snapped.  No more talk of this!
Damn you, father, she cried.  Don’t do this—
No more!
With that, he effectively shut off all spiritual communication with her.  If she would not return to the fold now, then she would not be welcomed again.  He had prepared himself for this ever since his eldest daughter had come of age, and so he did not feel the slightest bit guilty in disowning her.  The nuhm’ndah heritage was not something to be taken lightly.  It was a sacred following that deserved the same kind of permanence as the Mendaihu.  If she could not embrace it, then she was not deserving of it.
I do love you, Saone, he thought.  But you are no longer Lehanna madin.
No longer my youngest daughter.

*

Sheila…wake up, dear.
She woke up, seconds, maybe minutes after she had passed out.  She was no longer falling…but she had no idea what had happened.  She felt someone’s arms around her, holding her closely and whispering calming words into her ear.  She opened her eyes and saw…stars?
What —?  The dryness in her throat tickled a gagging reflex and she began coughing violently.  She came close to vomiting twice before she got herself under control and began to breathe again.  Disoriented, she started to move out of the woman’s grasp, tried standing up, and immediately tumbled.  She braced herself for a hard crash to the floor…and felt nothing.
Steady, girl, the woman said, grasping her shoulders from behind.  Steady, now.  Shhhh…I have you.  You’re safe, dear.  You are among friends.
Dead, she thought.  I should be dead!  With a sickening rush, images of the fall invaded her mind.  She staggered, tripped over her own foot, and fell again, though this time she anticipated it and rode with it.  She and her guardian tumbled slowly and gracefully in this otherwhere.  She breathed in deeply and slowly, whispering her own calming mantras, until her heart slowed to a quieter, safer pace.  Her throat no longer parched, she took several more deep breaths until she was both centered and fully aware.  Seconds passed before she felt the hardness of an imaginary floor underneath her feet, put there to calm her balance.
Welcome back, Sheila, the woman said behind her.
Sheila turned to thank her, and nearly fainted again at the sight of Denysia — no, it was not her but an older, more mature, and strikingly beautiful Denni.  She was draped in a loose and flowing dusk-colored robe with a formfitting black bodysuit underneath — the uniform of Elders of the One of All Sacred.  She appeared as old as Caren now, her youthful features still there but worn by time and action.  Her brown eyes still sparkled with fascination and her high cheekbones framed a wide, addictive smile.  She looked so much like her mother Celine!  She beamed at Sheila as if she hadn’t seen her for decades, the reunion filling her with joy.
Denni?  Sheila blinked at her.  Is…is that you?
I am the One of All Sacred, she replied.  And I am Denysia.
She shivered, understanding her words all too clearly.  All this time, they had seen her as the young teenage Denni, with the spirit of the One within her…a young girl with a special power within her.  The woman before her now was the same Denni, but vastly changed.  This woman was no longer the Denni she knew...this was the One of all Sacred, in both spirit and body.  The Daughter of the Goddess.  A goddess herself...!
She felt weak.  This woman so like Denni in so many ways…this woman, revered and sainted, who now stood in front of her, who had caught her, who had saved her life.  The One of All Sacred had heard her cries for help as she fell.  She had answered her prayers.
She was talking to a savior.  Her savior.
Weakened and humbled, Sheila fell to her knees, tears forming in her eyes.  She bowed her head deeply and dared not look this beautiful woman in the eyes again, no matter how much she resembled Denni.  She admittedly had not been a devout Follower of the One…but in her presence, all doubt had escaped.  She believed.
The One...the One of All Sacred, she sobbed… dehndarra Né hra nyhndah.  It had been the only thing she knew to say to her at this moment.
She heard the One let out an embarrassed giggle.  Denni’s self-conscious yet amused laugh.  At the corner of her sight, Sheila saw the robes fold to the floor as she knelt down and touched her again, this time a palm at the top of her head.
Stand up, Sheila, she said warmly, and brushed Sheila’s unruly auburn hair out of her face.  She held out her other hand under Sheila’s lowered eyes.  She stared at it fearfully, pursed her quivering lips, and took it.  Warm, inviting.  Calm.  Loving.  She did not let go as she stood up.  Despite her fears, she found herself staring at the One again, completely entranced.  Why...why did she look so old now?  Why did she bring her here?  She yipped in surprise; suddenly they were moving again, floating towards the starfield she’d seen earlier.
Let me show you something, she said.
I am yours, Sheila responded.
Look out there, she said, pointing at the starfield.  What do you see?
She stared out into the heavens.  Light and energy from such immense distances she could not even fathom.  An expanse of life so vast it frightened her as much as it had humbled her.  I see…a universe, she said.  And in that universe, she found herself drawn to one point in particular.  A smudge of light, a cluster of white energy and life, no different than all the other starfields she could see if she spun around to look, and yet she’d immediately felt a kinship with them, a connection that made more sense than anything else at the moment.  In this impossible vision she knew to be the universal reality she lived within, here on Earth — on Gharra — she focused on that one elsewhere because it had called out to her.  So far away, a frightening distance away…yet so close!  The gathering of stars had called her true name, a string of Light that had resonated within her own spirit and made it sing out.  The starfield began to revolve in a strange and predetermined pattern she could not quite comprehend.  It was only with another shift of focus that she began to see that pattern.  The circular, pulsating revolution of an infinite number of stars revealed itself to her, as simple as a circle but impossibly complex as a...  
I see a galaxy, she said, her heart beating fast.
The One of All Sacred nodded.  You see Lightbodies, dear.  This is their true ancestral home.
Sheila frowned in confusion.  Trisanda?
The One smiled, amused.  That is but one of a myriad of planets.  As is Gharra — Earth.  As is Meraladh, as is Mannaka.  Trisanda is just the birthplace of a Lightbody within a human form.  Right now you are seeing just the cluster of Lightbodies that originated from Trisanda.  There is so much more, however…so much more than just what you see!  She pointed towards the galaxy of Lightbodies proudly, as if they were her own creation.  The intensity of emotion swirled within the One and within the spiritual galaxy.  Sheila began to absorb this energy drunkenly.
There is Love, The One said.  There has always been love; there will always be love, no question.  What we all decide to do with it is completely up to us.  She took Sheila’s face in her hands again, looking her in the eyes.
Therein lies our fate, she continued.  Do we continue to keep the nuhm’ndah and the kiralla at bay, or do we reach out with compassion and lead them on the path to rebirth?
I…  Sheila bowed again.  I want to believe in compassion, Dearest One.
The One smiled at her, and together they began to float again, away from one galaxy and towards another.  The celestial spheres around her shifted in place and time, some flashing out of existence, others born in a spectacular billowing forth of gases, radiation and Light.
Compassion you shall have, she said.  She moved close, kissed her on the forehead, and nodded.  You know who I am and who my counterpart is.  I spoke truth earlier…you are chosen as a protector and as a witness, but I ask one more thing: that you help Dearest Karinna with your life in guarding Denysia.
Sheila frowned.  What do you mean?
Surely you understand, she said.  I am the One of All Sacred.
You’re Denni as well…aren’t you?
The One nodded.  I am she and she is me…dehndarra Né hra nyhndah, Sheila.  I cannot exist without her, and she cannot exist without me. 
They paused before another galaxy, this one much larger in size and shining so brilliantly she could hear its energy singing.  Its luminescence nearly blinded her.  The Lightbodies here were the strongest she had seen, so strong she felt the energy pulsating from its center and rushing towards her.  She felt herself drawn to this energy, pulled ever so gently with both her heart and her spirit.  Her entire being sensed a feeling of warmth, of home within this galaxy.  It was...?
That is your galaxy, The One said.  They are the Chosen, the Awakened.
Sheila caught her breath.  This...this isn’t...now, is it?
This is approximately twenty-five years on, Sheila, The One smiled.
She gazed her, fascinated and terrified at the same time.  Why are you telling me this?
The One waved a hand at the galaxy.  As if in response, the Lightbodies reflected her gesture in a sparkling display of multihued excitement.  They are yours, Sheila, she continued.  Help to lead them.  Help guide the nuhm’ndah and the kiralla towards rebirth.  I offer my love to you, Dearest child; it is the Light you see before you.  But above all else…watch over Denni…watch over me.  And watch over Karinna.  Be sure she stays true to her spirit, Sheila.
Sheila shivered.  I shall…I shall.
They looked at each other once again and embraced.  So warm, so calm…it felt so wonderful!  To be here, to be at peace.  With a slight wave of the One’s hand, Sheila suddenly felt herself losing sensory consciousness as the One of All Sacred faded from view.  She was returning to the Moulding Warehouse, back to her real, mortal body.  For a brief second, she wanted to cry out, to ask her all the questions in her head, yet she knew there was no need.
She still had Denni.
Sa’im taftika, she called out to the One of All Sacred.  Bless you.
Back to Gharra, back to life.

*

The beacon of Light blinked out of existence, leaving such an ominous quiet in the air it screamed in Poe’s ears.  Ten different thoughts immediately surged through his mind in a maddening blur; questions about the safety of the Warriors, about the Protectors…and most of all, questions about Denni.
Denysia, he called out, hoping to get a response.  He did not get one.
Denni?
Nothing.
“Oh Goddess, no…” Caren gasped, a trembling hand covering her mouth.  She reached out with her other hand and grabbed Poe’s jacket sleeve, pulling it tight within her fist.  Those bastards, she growled within.  Those fucking bastards!  They did it!
“No, Caren,” he whispered in the silence.  “You don’t know that.”
They did it… she repeated.  He could feel the walls of her psyche crumbling all around her, the protective walls of her own soul, falling away like weak twigs in a strong wind, and she did not have the strength or the heart to defend herself.  He reached out and put a hand over hers; her grip had already slackened enough that it was on the verge of falling dead away in defeat.  He tried to send his own comforting energy over to her, and failed pathetically.  He truly had no idea if he had actually done it, only relying on instinct and a nearly forgotten healing sequence.  She halfheartedly tried to pull away, but it was too late.  Her head dropped. She had given in.
“Don’t you dare give up that easily,” Poe said quietly but sternly into her ear, doubling it with the same inner voice he’d used earlier.  “You’re not weak, Karinna.  Don’t believe you’ve lost her until you know for sure.”
Poe heard her throw a weak curse at him, and ignored it.  He kept it up until she returned to her true self again.  Anando was useless right now; he continued to stare slackjawed at the empty sky above the warehouse.  He couldn’t believe what he’d just witnessed, had not expected it, and had no idea what would happen next.  Poe sensed an overwhelming fear within him, and understood completely.  Those within the warehouse were indeed safe, but spiritually…
…spiritually, he truly did not know if the One of All Sacred had survived.
“You come back to me, Karinna,” he said, raising his voice, but still close.  “You give up now…?”  He exhaled unevenly and closed his eyes.  He knew she was going to despise him deeply after what he was about to say.  He wouldn’t blame her if she never talked to him again, professionally or otherwise.  He hated himself for having to take this step.  But there was no other way now.  He took another breath and opened his eyes again.  He took Caren’s tear-stained face in his hands and pulled it towards him until they were eye to eye.  They connected fully and completely, spirit to spirit, on equal grounds.
Forgive me, Karinna.
“Caren?  Listen to me,” he said.  “You give up now, Karinna, and you’ve given up on your entire family.  Aram…Celine…and especially Denni.  You can’t do this.”
Caren stared at him, wide eyed.  “A-Alec…”
It killed him to say that, and he would never forgive himself.  But he did not dare look away.  He was the anchor now, the only one left.
Alec… she cried from within.
Finally he felt something stir in Caren’s spirit.  Something harsh…something buried deep within, so hidden they had never known it was there before now.  Something dark and sinister, something so black in devoid of Light that it terrified both of them.  A solitary tear fell from her eye.  Her lips started to quiver.
“Karinna —” he started.
In one quick move, she pulled out of his grasp and punched him in the face, sending him flailing backwards.  She had not held back; in fact, she had used the strength of both her Mendaihu and Shenaihu power and had nearly knocked him senseless.  The side of his face instantly went numb and he tasted blood.  It took all his energy not to pass out.
“Go to hell!” she screamed, and let out a primal wail.  She jumped out of her chair and headed towards the metal railing at the edge of the roof.  She moved incredibly fast, determined to get past that barrier at any cost, even if she had to force her way through it.  Instead she purposely crashed into it and doubled over, the metal bar hitting her squarely in the stomach.  She let out a strangled gasp of pain.  As if she hadn’t been satisfied enough, she backed up and did it again, hitting railing even harder this time.  She let out a primal howl of physical and emotional pain.
Heartbroken, Poe ran dizzily to her, instantly at her side.  He reached out a hand to touch her, only to have it violently swatted away.  She was choking tears as she pushed herself against the railing, as if she were intent on breaking her ribs.  He reached out again, this time with the threads of his spirit…and felt fire.  A deep-seated, raging hatred that had never been released before, it consumed Caren’s spirit whole.  It tore her apart viciously and relentlessly, and it horrified him.  He backed away to a safe distance again.  He glanced over at Christine, who only stared back at him with a vague, unreadable expression.  She had lit a cigarette, and now took a very slow, long drag from it.  He turned back to Caren, only to find her inching away from him, sliding further down the railing.
“Get away from me,” she hissed.
“Damn it, Caren!” he pleaded, stepping close again.  “What the hell are you doing to yourself?”
“I’m not giving up, you damned D’haff Sshalé!” she shouted, whirling around again and pushing him away, nearly knocking him over again.  “I’m not giving up!  Are you fucking happy now?”  She gasped for air as she trembled, tears still flowing.  “I’m not giving up.  I never said I was.  Just…give me this, Poe, damn it all.  Give me this one thing.  I know you have faith in me.  Please…let me have this.  I need to…I need…”
Poe shuddered, the full force of her words and the revelation hitting him deep.  It was not healing she had needed all these years…it was release!  She’d held this energy for so long, this white fire and black energy, and had refused to ever let it escape.  She had denied herself this one thing for five long years, and she could no longer hold it all in anymore.  He knew exactly what was coming next.  In the corner of his eye, he saw Anando stand up and move towards them.  Poe held out a hand and he jerked to a stop.
“Sit down, you,” Poe barked.  “This is between me and Caren.”
“It’s bigger than that, Alec.  It’s between all of us,” Anando said, standing his ground.  “This is Caren’s choice, and hers alone.”
“Her choice?” he frowned.  “What choice are we talking about, Anando?”
Faith, he said from within.
Faith, Caren repeated.  She wiped at her eyes and cheeks, and she was still in deep pain…but something had changed.  Poe felt it now; there was some new, even stronger emotion that had hidden itself under all that intense anger and had finally surfaced, radiating within Caren as brightly as a supernova.
“I am Mendaihu,” she said to him, softly this time.  So calm.  “But I am also cho-nyhndah.  Which means I am Shenaihu as well, Poe.  Do you understand?”
“But…” he managed.
Faith in the Light, Caren said from within.
…and faith in oneself, Anando said.
All at once, it made clear, disturbing sense to Poe as well.
“Come,” Anando said, and took her hand.
“Where are —” Poe started.  A flash of light and a near-silent whoosh of displaced air formed in front of him.  He lifted up his arm by instinct, yet the flash had already disappeared.  He stared, eyes wide, at the spot where Anando had once been, then where Caren had stood.  They had stepped into the Light, into the otherwhere.  Into the unknown middle ground.
Caren… he called out.  He felt the lump in his throat and tried to force it back down, yet he could not.  A tear formed in his left eye.  He did not wipe it away.
Karinna… he said again from within.  I am sorry.  I should not have said—
No apologies, he heard, and shivered.  Her inner voice, her True voice, was so clear, so calm and true to her spirit.  It sang to him.  You were right, Alec.  I am the one to apologize.  All these years…I should have accepted this sooner.  I was just afraid…afraid to face who I was…who I am.
In spite of himself and his swelling cheek, he laughed.  His shame had been replaced by an intense pride for her.  Where are you?
Within the Light, she said.  Same thing my dad did.  Ironic, isn’t it?  Anando and I went in to find some answers.  And maybe find Denni.  I think I know where she is.  Don’t worry, we’ll be back soon enough.
How— he bit at his lip and frowned.
I’ll explain later.  And hey — remember this: you’re my sehnadha, Alec.  Practically my spirit twin.  I don’t know what I’d have done all these years without you.
The furrows in his face eased.  Slowly, a smile crossed his face.
Peace, Love and Light to you, Karinna Shalei, he said.
…and to you, my dearest friend, she answered, and was gone.
“…Goddess,” he exhaled, and rubbed at his eyes.  Fatigue tore at his body and his mind, but a tremendous weight had been lifted.  A hard-earned sense of relief washed over him.  The Awakening, the Cleansing, the corrupted Ascension…the case itself!  It was all over, at least for the time being.  All he needed to do now was go back to his apartment and wait for Caren and Anando to return.  There was nothing more for him to do.  Nothing but get some blessed rest.
Off in the distance to the southwest, the Mirades Tower shot up over the surrounding buildings, the eternal vigil.  He watched it for a few seconds as a civilian instead of the profiler that he was, attempting to accept the behemoth as the center of commerce, for the economic shrine that it was.  He wanted to accept it, but his conscience told him otherwise, without fail.  It was an unexplainable dread he felt, something he’d dismissed so often in the past as nerves, which kept him from giving anyone in that building the benefit of the doubt.  It ebbed and flowed within him now, pulling him towards the Tower.  If he tried, he could ride those waves with ease, as he had been there before, to that spiritual darkness within.
That was something he did not want to remember.
Why now?  Why did he feel this dread now?  Was it because of the nuhm’ndah or the kiralla?  Or because of his cho-nyhndah spirit?
He chose to ignore those questions, to ignore the dread, to ignore everything and go home and sleep.  He was sure Caren would have agreed with this decision wholeheartedly.  He exhaled again and headed for the roof access door.
Nick stood up and blocked his path.  In the commotion, Poe had completely forgotten about him and that he sat just a few seats behind.  He smiled at him crookedly, for lack of any other reaction to show.
“What…” he visibly shivered.  “What the hell just happened?”
Poe shook his head and laughed.  “Honestly?  I have no clue.”  He patted him on the shoulder.  “Thanks, Nick.”
Nick frowned and cocked his head at him.  “For what?”
Poe shrugged and shot him a lopsided smile.  “For joining the team,” he said, and walked on.
“Hey, wait!”
He stopped and glanced at him again.  “Sheila is fine,” he said with a smile.  “I believe Anando was able to sense the people in and around the warehouse, and sensed that no harm at all had been done.  She’s still there if you’d like to go see her.  I know she’d be happy to see you.”
“I…uh…”  Nick turned away, visibly relieved and feeling a little self-conscious.  “Thanks, Alec.  Maybe I will.”  He gathered his uniform coat and shot past Poe, and dashed through the door.
Good kid, Poe thought.  He watched him leave, started to move towards the door himself, and stopped, this time in front of Christine.  He had not spoken to her for at least six months, yet he still considered her a great friend and an extremely gifted spiritworker that had helped protect Bridgetown from destruction.  He believed she was not Mendaihu, nor was she Shenaihu—in fact, he was sure she had no direct alien lineage at all over the last two hundred years.  She was only the brilliant and beautiful Christine Gorecki.
Wordlessly, he embraced her.  It was his way of thanking her for all she had done today; all spur of the moment, all selfless.  She moved into his arms instinctively, pulling him close, sharing a deep love and a profound respect.  He kissed her on the cheek and slid out of the embrace.  He gave her a genuine smile and a nod, and walked through the open door, lighting up a cigarette as he left.
###




BRIDGETOWN TOURIST GUIDE TO ANJSHÉ

Anjshé is the #1 most-used language on the Crimson-Null Foundation worlds, with Terran English a close second, and the Mannaki xh'omké trade language a distant third.

Most humans and other sentients find it quick to learn, as many find it easily accessible.  Bridgetown University and Spender College both offer degrees in Anjshé studies.

It is the main language used in transworld negotiations within the CNF.  One can make a lucrative career out of negotiation translating.

The real intended meaning behind Anjshé is not just in the phrasing or the inflection, but also in the spiritual and emotional intent given by the speaker.  Therefore, a very literal translation to Terran English would come out as poor, vague grammar.  One must listen and sense what one is saying in this language in order to fully understand it.  Most humans have learned to do this instinctively after two and a half centuries of communication with the Meraladian society.


THE FIRST WORDS SAID IN ANJSHÉ TO THE HUMAN RACE,
22 SEPTEMBER, YEAR 2383 CE, MAIN STREET SECTOR,
BRIDGETOWN PROVINCE, 05.18am:

dehndarra Né hra nyhndah

Although there is no single correct translation of these words, its basic meaning is a creed of Meraladhza heritage.  Some have taken it to mean the same as Descartes' "I think, therefore I am," though its intent is more spiritual.  A near-literal translation ("To know thyself is to be One in Spirit") offers a much better example of the Meraladian faith in the One of All Sacred.  Without going into too much detail, the meaning of the creed is for a person to understand their own spirit fully in order to be part of the One, and its place within the One, as well as the One's place within their spirit.

A 20" by 20" plaque with these words inscribed on them is on permanent display at the northern entrance of the Mirades Tower, celebrating its place in history.



You can find out more about the Mendaihu Universe at the official blog:
Welcome to Bridgetown





AN ANJSHÉ GLOSSARY

NOTE: Pronouns and names usually accentuated on the second syllable, and regular nouns and verbs accentuated on the first, though there are exceptions; those are often due to the Terran appropriation of the word to make it easier to pronounce.  The dh diphthong should be pronounced as a ‘d’ with a slight lisp.

NOTE: Unless otherwise noted, all names and words that have spiritual reference to them are capitalized.  All other words, including the first words of an Anjshé sentence, are rarely if ever capitalized.  They are capitalized within the novel, however, for grammar’s sake.

aiye, aiya: \EYE-yay, EYE-yah\  love
alaiadh: \ah-LYE-ˌadh\  to give
aladh: \a-LADH\  to be given in kind
allei aiya: \ahl-LEY EYE-yah\  ‘I give my love to you’; used mostly as a way to say ‘I love you’ but can also be used to convey deep gratitude
Anjh: \ahng\  word
Anjshé: \ahng-SHEY\  ‘Word of One’; the Meraladian native tongue
braudha: \BROW-dhah\ a group of people; a collective with a similar goal
cho: \cho\  Meraladian term for duality, used in spiritual matters as well as physical and philosophical.
cho-nyhndah: \cho-NYEEN-ˌdah\  twin-spirited
cho-shadhisi: \cho-shah-DHEE-see\  'twin lovers'; soul mates
chufyo: \CHOOF-yo\  ‘unaligned’; weird or odd
dahla: \DAH-lah\  a leader physically (front of line) or economically (top manufacturer)
Dahné: \dah-NEY\  leader, specifically in spiritual situations
dayen: \DEY-en\  to know
dayen-ne: \dey-YEN-ney\  knowledge
dea: \DEY-ah\  rest, or to be at rest
dehndarra: \den-DAR-rah\  to believe
D'haff Sshalé: \djaff SHAH-ley\  ‘dark-minded reptile’; old Meraladian curse, now often used against someone ill-mannered, stubborn or mean-spirited
dhyn: \dheen\  star (or stars/night sky)
di, d’: \dee\ general conjunction, usually ‘and’ or ‘with’
edha: \EY-dhah\  formal male title
eicho: \AY-sho\  ‘male spirit’; brother
eichi: \AY-shee\  ‘female spirit’; sister
eilee: \ay-LEE\  general possessive (my, your, etc)
emha: \EY-mah\  formal female title
esha: \EY-shah\  center
fadayin: \fah-DAY-een\  father
fadhyané: \fah-DHYAH-nay\ parent or parental guardian
fadin: \fah-DEEN\  mother
fesha: \FEY-sha\  eyes; often used to mean 'eyes of the soul'
fesh crahné: \faysh crah-NEY\  ‘eyes opened’; open-minded, patient, or attentive
fesh piann: \faysh pyahnn\  ‘eyes closed’; closed-minded, ignorant, or having a big ego
fi, fiyé: \fee\, \FEE-yay\  general pronoun (fi = singular, fiyé = plural)
Gharné: \GAR-nay\  Earth human
Gharra: \GAR-rah\  Earth
hra: \hrah\ to be
hrrah-sehdhyn: \RRAH sey-DHEEN\  ‘five old stars’; refers to spacefaring years, specifically a Meraladian five-point maneuver in which five ships would surround its main focus (whether its prey or the ship it was defending); this move would purposely cause a stalemate.  [the double ‘r’ is slightly glottal]
iedha: \ee-YAY-dhah\  friend
imhsha: \EEM-shah\  to be afraid
jinko: \JEEN-koh\  (derogatory) unclean or undeserving of spirituality
khera: \KAY-rah\  here, there
kinléshi: \keen-LAY-shee\  sibling
kiralla: \kee-RAH-lah\ ‘light spirits’; the highest ascended aspect of the Mendaihu
lafiyaah: \la-FEE-yaah\  freedom [the double ‘a’ is slightly extended]
lumia: \loo-MEE-ah\  sight, or what someone perceives
lumisha dea: \loo-MEE-shah DEY-ah\  ‘the center of vision at rest’; a deeply personal place set aside for meditation and relaxation
madin: \mah-DEEN\  daughter
madayin: \mah-DAY-yeen\  son
madhyané: \madh-YAH-ney\  child, offspring
mehra: \MEH-rah\  spiritual state
mehridhea: \MEH-ree-DHAY-ah\  peace
Mendaihu, Mendaihuza: \men-DYE-hoo\, \men-DYE-hoo-zah\  Meraladians of Mendaihu Descent
Meraladh: \MER-ah-LAHDH\  ‘heaven returned’; current Meraladian homeworld after leaving Trisanda
né, Né: \nay\  one (number), The One of All Sacred (m) [cap. only when referring to the deity]
nehko: \NEH-koh\  untrustworthy, or to distrust
nuhm'ndah: \NOOM’n-dah\  ‘dark spirits’; the highest ascended aspect of the Shenaihu
nyhndah: \NYEEN-dah\  heart, spirit
nyhnd'aladh: \NYEEN-da-LADH\  'I give my heart'; given as an apology
pashyo: \PAHSH-yo\  general exclamation of surprise or frustration
piann: \pyahnn\  closed or closed-minded
rhade: \RAH-day\  general qualifier to add negativity or warning to a word
sa’im: \sah-EEM\  general qualifier to add grandness or excitement to a word
sehna: \SEY-nah\  old
sehna lumia: \SEY-nah loo-MEE-ah\‘old vision’; analogous to Akashic records, memories of past lives, including actions and thoughts
sehnadha: \sey-NAH-dhah\  old friend, best friend
sehndayen-ne: \sen-DAY-en-ney\  ‘old knowledge’; teacher
se’nyhndah: \sey-NYEEN-dah\  ‘old soul; a particularly strong spirit able to travel past the physical barriers of Light and physical reality
shadha: \SHAH-dha\  to love
shadhisi: \shah-DHEE-see\ ‘love’ or ‘from my heart’; a term of affection
shé, Shé: \shay\  one (number), The One of All Sacred (f) [cap. only when referring to deity]
Shenaihu, Shenaihuza: \sheh-NYE-hoo\, \sheh-NYE-hoo-zah\  Meraladians of Shenaihu descent
shimshiya: \sheem-SHEE-yah\  start of a spiritual event, akin to 'call to arms'
si: \see\  general conjunction, used mostly as a time reference in genealogy and history
somfei: \SOM-fey\  general greeting
taftika: \taff-TEE-ka\  general phrase of thanks or appreciation
-za: \zha\, \sha\  suffix used to denote someone’s land, or alternately their clan descent
-zi: \zhi\, \zee\  suffix used as a nickname,  often added only to first syllable of name, i.e.  Nandahya = Nanzi, Amna = Amzi, Karinna = Karzi



A NOTE ON THE NAME 'MERALADIAN': 
In Anjshé, the proper word would be Meraladhza (literally, ‘those from Meraladh’) and is pronounced as such on other planets within the Crimson-Null Foundation, but due to the overwhelming use of Terran English on Earth by these peoples, this word gets the "Terranized" version on Earth.


A NOTE ON MERALADIAN SURNAMES:
One will often find variations of Meraladian clan names, such as Mirades/Miradesi and Usara/Usarai.  The additional letter ‘i’ at the end of the name pertains to clan ancestry; in this case, it denotes a distant relation of some kind (like a cousin), rather than a direct descent of the main clan who would maintain the original.  Names ending in that letter simply have another ‘i’ added, such as Shaleii and Runeii.




Acknowledgements

As the Meraladhza would say: taftika allei aiya.  Thank you from my heart.
I am indebted to my wife, Amanda, who has put up with my crazy ideas, incomplete thoughts, and the frequent hiding in Spare Oom to write, and offering much-needed feedback during post-production.  You’ve been the anchor I’ve always needed, and given me the drive to get things done to the best of my ability.  Allei aiya, shadhisi.  I love you!
I would like to give my deepest thanks to the many, many people — friends, family, coworkers, and fellow writers — who have assisted me, heard me out, or simply cheered me on as the Mendaihu Universe evolved over the course of two decades.  There are far too many names to mention here, though I must definitely thank all my former co-workers at the record store and the candle warehouse, all of whom kept me moving ever forward when I began this series.  It was a pleasure working with all of you during the day, and it kept me going when I wrote at night. Special thanks to Bruce Pendergast, who listened to all my weird plot ideas for nearly five years running, and never complained once!  Here you go, man.  It’s finally done!
Thanks to my family, who put up with my late night writing sessions in the Belfry for ten years, and with all the books and music that piled up during that time.  Special thanks to my dad, Richard, who supplied me with many spiritual and religious reference books when I needed them for this series.
To Judith Tarr: many thanks to you for the wise words and relentless critiquing of my manuscripts over the last few years.  Those harsh words were exactly what I needed to get even better at this crazy business of ours.  To Kate Elliott: thank you for the friendship and the inspiration; it’s always a pleasure talking with you!  
To Beth, who saw a very early version of this, and taught me many things about spirituality: I thank you — Peace, Love and Light to you.  To Janice: we’re all in this together, us writers who love our craft even when it’s driving us crazy.  Thanks for the beta reading and the friendship, and I wish you luck on your own wonderful stories!  To Allison: thanks for being one of my first fans and cheering me on all this time, hope you like the final results!  To Dae: my ‘little sis’ and one hell of a great gal, thanks for being awesome and cool.
Big props to Holly Lisle, Lazette Gifford and the members of the Forward Motion online community, past and present; a great bunch of guys and gals from all corners of the world and levels of profession who love to write, chat, and cheer each other on.  I thank all of you for your wonderful assistance and friendship over the years.  The Mendaihu Universe owes a large debt to many of you.
Lastly, as I am an obsessive music listener and collector, I would like to thank my enablers: the record stores, online retailers, and especially all the musicians whose recordings they sell, as well as all the radio and internet stations that play them, for supplying me with an unending cornucopia of sounds.  Your music has given me inspiration and a soundtrack to my writing and my life, and it wouldn’t be the same without you.




About the Author

Jon Chaisson started writing science fiction in a tiny apartment in Boston after watching way too much anime and consuming most of the nearby public library’s Japanese SF section.  He then spent nearly a decade in a cool basement in central Massachusetts, working on the Mendaihu Universe.  He now lives in San Francisco with his wife Amanda, several books, a few guitars, and a ridiculously large music collection.


I’m online at these fine establishments.  Come and say hello!
Twitter: https://twitter.com/joncwriter
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/jon.chaisson.7
Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/joncwriter/
Walk in Silence, my music blog: http://jonchaisson.com
GoodReads: http://www.goodreads.com/JonChaisson
Smashwords: https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/jonchaisson





