
A Fairy’s Tale
Battle for the Kingdom

by
Heather Wielding
Copyright 2022 Heather Wielding

License Notes

This free ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please download an additional copy for each recipient. 
Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Prologue

Everything was ready for the child. 
She placed him into the crib, and as she did, demons gathered around her to marvel over the miracle of life. Their kind couldn’t create or reproduce: a newborn child was a sight few of them had ever witnessed. 
“He will grow up to rule the entire Universe," Alaene said softly, her hand needlessly arranging the blankets around the babe. “He will grow to be the most powerful Incubus the world has ever known.” 
“Yes, mistress," the demons whispered, their eyes wide with wonder. 
Alaene wasn’t looking for their acceptance, but welcomed it nonetheless. The only thing that mattered to her now was the well-being of the child. 
A swarm of adoring demons would benefit to keep him safe and happy, she knew, and allowed the demons to remain. 
“We must make certain he is pleased," she said. Her hand left the blankets alone. 
She’d prepared the rooms hastily. The child had everything he needed, but little to entertain him. She’d given him a bed, dressers filled with necessities, nursemaids, a small demon to keep a never-closing eye on him. Now that he’d arrived, the rooms seemed empty. Barren. 
A child needed more than necessities, Alaene decided. 
He needed toys, bright things to look at, to touch and taste. 
Magic arrived to her aid. Demons around her smelled it, felt it tickling their bones. They greeted it with oohs and aahs, eager to see it working. Lesser demons had no access to might; they could only enjoy it through their masters. Those who served Alaene were all lesser, tiny, puny things bent and broken, things with no power to challenge their mistress with. 
The room quivered with might as Alaene’s will reached out to all corners of the Universe to find things the child might like. She brought out brightly coloured figurines, stuffed animals, buntings, paintings, books with stories trapped between leather covers, all colourful, stimulating to look at. 
The child paid no mind to her efforts, but the demons around her watched, eyes wide and bright, as the room filled with splendour. 
“Now then," Alaene said, her hand returning to the blanket the child had kicked to disarray. “Isn’t that better?” 
The demons bobbed their heads in agreeance, but the child only saw her. A small hand reached out to touch her, and Alaene bent to press it against her cheek. The contrast between purple skin and white was strong, but no-one made an effort to notice it. The demons didn’t care, and Alaene felt nothing but love for the child. 
“I promise," she whispered, her breath warm on the child’s cheek, “you will be safe here.” 
A small hand reached out to grab a fistful of hair, and she allowed it with a loving smile. 

*** 

The cage swung slowly back and forth, like it had for years and years, giving its occupant pleasant motion sickness. The small demon sat, without blinking, without moving, without allowing itself to spill the contents of its dried-up stomach. Mistress had given it a task, and it would obey. 
The small demon remembered its every task. It had enjoyed them all, perhaps even more than the reward that came later, after tasks had been completed. The mistress had a heavy hand. The demon’s skin, purple in tone, was marked with scars left by the rings she wore. 
“Anything for the mistress," the demon thought, its throat too dry to form words. 
It had watched the child for sixteen years. First, the scenery had been peaceful. The child had slept, woken to cry and feed on human milk, and slept again. Soon, it had learned to move, to speak, to play. The small demon had enjoyed the nausea this domestic bliss had given it. 
As the child’s territory grew wider, the scenery started to change. Instead of a locked angle, the small demon now enjoyed a view that spread out over the child’s left shoulder. It had been taken to school, to forests, to numerous adventures which caused it to feel a slight jealousy. 
The small demon had never been free. It had been made to keep watch, first over a beach, then over a half-mortal fairy, then over the child. The destiny given to it didn’t please it, but the demon never complained. It had a task to do, and it would do it well. 
Anything to please the mistress. 
And the child she had taken in. 
The demon wasn’t oblivious to the ways of the world. It knew how most living things reproduced. It knew of the infestation, and the time required to gestate. It knew of birth, the bloody mess of it. 
Mistress hadn’t gone through any of that. She had remained intact, flawless. 
A creature to entice the utmost terror. 
The small demon shivered in delight at the thought of the mistress and the terror she spread on all those around her, even the smallest of demons. Its tail coiled itself around the bars of the cage, and for the first time in sixteen years, its eyes closed for a moment. 
A brief moment, no more than a heartbeat. 
A moment during which a child, who had grown into a young man, stood to chase a purpose new to him. 
As the demon opened its eyes, frightened by its own weakness, the young man had created a Portal. His magic worked like that of fairies, the demon had noted. All young master needed was to wave a finger, and think of the things he desired. 
Today, it seemed, he had desired a Portal. 
The small demon watched as he entered, and was drawn in with him. Portals created by fairy magic were fickle and unstable, quick to be born, eager to die. One needed to move fast in order to walk through one. 
Young master was nothing if not fast. Years of chasing prey for fun had left him slender of build, strong enough to battle any animal. His wings were translucent, quite different from those of his mother, strong enough to carry him to the stars and back.  
The Portal transported young master to the outskirts of a small village, to where the daily lives of mortals took their course. Days followed each other, repeating themselves slowly, steadily, disrupted only by birth, death, and illness. 
The small demon supposed young master had chosen this location to disperse some demise of his own. The anticipation made it giggle. Life had become much more pleasant after young master had arrived. It had found itself giggling more often, enjoying the days and nights watching him – live. 
Today, sixteen years had passed since Azán came into its life. Sixteen years since its life gained a new purpose. 
The small demon was lost in thought, lulled close to sleep by pleasant memories. 
It watched, through half-closed lids as a young man, tall and fair of face, his wings now concealed in fairy magic, smiled to a young woman. It watched them share a kiss, an embrace. 
It watched as the woman fell lifeless to the young man’s arms. 
Watched as the young man inhaled the vapour escaping the dying woman. 
Watched as his eyes shifted to purple, just for a moment. 
The small demon flinched, sleep escaping it, terror replacing it. 
This was what the mistress wanted to see. This was what she wanted the demon to look for. 
Signs of the young master becoming what he was meant to be. 
“Soul," the small demon tried. Its throat hadn’t made a sound in sixteen years. It was dry and hoarse, and the effort of words cut it like a dozen blades. 
“Master has taken a soul!” 
Its tail squeezed the bars of its cage hard, like it had a will of its own. 
“Soul!” the small demon croaked, and close to the cage, a servant girl fell pale, and rushed to inform mistress of the news. 

*** 

The castle was quiet as the Portal closed behind him. Azán wiped a drop of blood from the corner of his mouth, licking it off his fingers. Mortal blood was sweet, perhaps even sweeter than the soul he had devoured. 
The warmth of the girl still lingered. He could feel her dreams, her desires, the plans she has made for the future. 
“To marry, bear children, and grow old," Azán spoke, as though he was reciting a poem. 
The dreams of mortals were simple, all about days following each other in a slow, boring progress. They lacked ambition, aspiration, the need to better themselves. Even now that magic once more filled the Universe, mortals dreamed of making babies, of eating and sleeping, of dying in the company of loved ones. 
“Fools," Azán spat. 
“Don’t forget, you are half-mortal yourself.” 
“A fact I would change, if I could.” 
Alaene moved quietly, without drawing attention to her presence if she so chose. Azán didn’t need to look at her to see the disappointment on her face. For reasons unclear to him, Alaene seemed to value his mixed blood as an esteemed quality rather than a flaw. Why, he could not comprehend. Mixed blood was nothing but a weakness, reducing him from a demon to a filthy half-breed destined to die. 
“I hear you have taken a soul.” 
“Isn’t that what you told me to do?” 
Alaene smiled, and her voice was soft like a kitten’s purr. “You have made me proud today, child," she said, “like I knew you would.” 
Her hand was cold on his arm. The contrast was a painful reminder of his mortal blood; her purple skin and black claws against the whiteness of his. He wanted to push her hand aside, but still enjoyed the comfort it gave. 
“How could you do it?” he asked, softly, speaking words he hadn’t dared utter earlier. 
She didn’t understand. “Do what, my heart?” 
His eyes were piercing like clear ice as they met hers. “How could you allow a mortal man to – touch you?” 
For a moment, confusion lingered within her. Then, as the meaning of the words sank in, she laughed, and her laughter was like silvery bells singing in delight. 
In time, laughter died. Azán waited without joining it. He saw nothing funny about mortal hands having paved their way into the divinity that was his mother. 
“You misunderstand, my heart," Alaene said, wiping away tears brought by laughter. “And I have wronged by not sharing the story of your origin earlier. Come, sit with me by the fire, and I will tell you all.” 
The flames in a fireplace of a great hall danced higher, perhaps reminiscing over the time when an old man had stared into them, enjoying afternoon tea under arched ceilings of the castle upon Wizard’s Peak. 
Chapter One

“A little to the left, if you please," the Queen’s council said, brush in hand, another safely tucked behind his ear. The other council turned a little to the left, causing the first one to pause with a frustrated sigh. “The other left!” he insisted. 
“Ah, yes, of course," the one advised agreed, turning to his right. “Is this better?” 
“Much," the council who had first spoken allowed from behind a canvas upon which a half-finished portrait waited to be whole. “Now stay there while I finish this.” 
“But you paint to slowly!” the one posing complained. “Couldn’t you just take a mental image of me, and finish the painting based on that?” 
The one painting paused to consider. “While this is a tempting idea, I do believe it would clash against the basic principles of art, and the suffering it is meant to cause.” 
“Are you quite certain art is to cause suffering?” 
“And therefore I must conclude that while I could, I won’t. You’ll just need to pose.” 
“Fine then," the council sighed. “But couldn’t we get some refreshments, at least?” 
The one painting took the suggestion under consideration. “Art is thirsty work," he decided, “and we really should have wine to enjoy while the process lasts.” He removed his fingers from the paint brush to snap them to bring forth sweet cherry wine and boysenberries lightly coated with powdered sugar. He poured the wine, and took a glass to the council posing, clad skimpily in shades of green and gold. They chinked glasses, careful not to break them, and drank to the good health of Queen Shaela, all of Fairyland, and finally, their own. 
All the while, the brush continued to paint on its own. 
“Perhaps comfy chairs as well," the council in charge of painting suggested. “Drinking on one’s feet is against etiquette, after all.” 
“Except in parties," the one posing reminded him, tapping his nose with the hand that wasn’t holding a wine glass. 
“Yes, of course. But this is hardly a party...” 
“And therefore comfy chairs are needed.” 
Another snap brought forth a sofa upon which the fairies settled to watch the painting being finished, the theory of art and suffering melting from their minds. 
“How do you feel about this business with Queen Shaela and the outside world?” the one in the skimpy outfit asked. The situation had been causing him worry ever since Shaela first spoke of her desire to form trade alliances with humans and elves. 
“I don’t like it one bit," the other one replied swiftly. “Fairies should remain in their own realm, not seen nor heard.” 
“Just like children.” 
“Exactly.” 
They watched the painting being finished before their eyes and idle hands, their minds mulling with questions roused by Shaela’s plans. A bystander would have been struck be their silence: fairies were rarely still, rarely so quiet. 
“But really," the one who’d been painting said, draining his cup and allowing magic to refill it, “all of this is just – unheard of!” 
“That’s the word I would have chosen, unheard of!” the other agreed. Palms were slapped together to celebrate their converging thoughts. “She really should consider the implications.” 
“What will happen if the outside world learns of us?” 
“Fairy lanterns," the one who’d been posing declared solemnly. “That’s what’s going to happen.” 
The one with paint on his fingers, nose, and hair sighed. “Every fairy’s worst fear.” 
“We should talk to her.” 
The other council nodded his head, once, sharply, causing a brush to fall from behind his ear. “Let’s do that immediately.” 
They fluttered away, leaving the painting to finish itself. 

*** 

The decision to reach out to the outside world hadn’t been born lightly. The Queen, without the aid of her council, had pondered over it on many nights when sleep denied her solace. 
Fairyland was an isolated state, hidden under a shroud of magic. With no trade relations, fairies relied on magic to fulfil their everyday needs. 
Shaela had witnessed a world void of magic. She was wise enough to fear a sudden change in the Balance of the Universe. Desperate to find a way to protect her people, she looked outside the small realm to find allies to aid them in a time of need. 
Fairies were fickle, she knew, but still somehow constant. Change would not be easy for them. They would resist, they would kick and scream, rebel against her. 
Shaela rested her forehead against a window frame decorated with living flowers, and closed her eyes. It wasn’t worry that had drained colour from her cheeks today, brought cold sweat to dampen her skin. 
It was pain. 
Had she been human, she would have accused something she’d eaten. A human might have brewed fennel tea, retired early, ignored the pain altogether. Pain was an inevitable part of human life. 
Fae, however, lived free of ache. They felt pain when injured or dying. Illness rarely touched them; they were far too fickle for it. As the Queen of Fairies, Shaela was immune to all disease, nearly immortal. An unexplained pain frightened her, reminded her of what it had been like to be human, vulnerable to the elements, illness, injury. 
Shaela pressed a hand against her stomach, hoping the pain would go away. 
She didn’t have time for it. 
Outside her window, the voices of fairies sang, spoke, argued. They had much to say. Shaela came to the window often, to watch them rejoice, flutter through the blossoming plants, feast upon fresh fruit. She could hear them clearly through this window, and took time to listen. 
Through eavesdropping, she learned much about the way they lived, about their desires and dreams, and took time to arrange matters so that they would be pleased. 
Today, their voices didn’t bring her joy. 
Today, they hurt hear ears, and the bright light made her head throb with pain. 
Instead of listening to her people, she rested her head against the window frame, breathing in the soothing scent of flowers, and pressed a hand against her stomach to ease the pain. 

*** 

“Should we tell her about the painting?” a council asked. 
“I thought we were going to keep it for ourselves," the other deterred. 
“I don’t think such a masterpiece should be hidden away in some dusty corner of our home.” 
“I don’t recall our home being that dusty.” 
“You get the point.” 
The council contemplated quietly for a moment. The painting was going to be grand, grand enough for the Queen to see, but it did feature one of them in a questionable light. Though fairies rarely censored themselves, rarely adjusted their behaviour to suit the preferences of others, he felt it necessary in this particular predicament. 
“Perhaps we could paint something else for the Queen," he suggested. Painting had proven an enjoyable hobby for the council. Art was starting to fill their home, and offering the fruits of their labour as gifts seemed like the natural next step. 
The other council clapped his hands. “That’s a delightful idea!” he exclaimed. “Let’s go tell her immediately!” 
“Aren’t gifts meant to be a surprise," the other one tried, but realized he was speaking to a slight breeze. The first council had sped up, leaving him alone. Alarmed, he rushed to catch him, already feeling the first stings of loneliness. 
The Queen’s council was reunited under the arching doorway that led into the throne room. They reached to hold hands as worry and fear crept into their hearts. 
Shaela stood at the window where she so often spied on her fairies, love and curiosity twinkling in her eyes. Today, her eyes were closed, her wings folded. 
The council had never seen her like this. The Queen stood tall, taller than the rest, and her feet never touched the ground. 
“Is she…” a council started, unwilling to finish. 
“Ill?” the other one finished, desperate to keep the words they both feared inside. “She’s probably just eaten a bad date.” 
“Or an orange," the first one suggested. “We all know how they get under that peel.” 
“The peel is the tastiest part, though," the other one claimed. 
“That is debatable, but if properly candied, the peel might surpass the flesh.” 
“Candied, naturally, everything should be candied.” 
“Or pickled.” 
“Marinated in sweet cherry wine.” 
“Doused in honey.” 
“Oh, and let’s not forget - “ 
“I don’t feel so well," Shaela interrupted their chatter. 

*** 

The council sat at the table, their feet swinging in the air high above the floor. Everything was large in the rooms where the Queen worked and slept and ate. 
“It started earlier today," the monarch said, speaking slowly, considering every word carefully. “As I was speaking with Leaflet. It was like… a piercing pain in my stomach. A cold pain, not the usual warm, dull pain of having eaten something wrong.” 
The council nodded though they had no idea what a stomachache felt like. Fairies rarely fell ill. They were too inconstant to offer a viable home for diseases. 
“And you haven’t felt a pain like that before?” the older council asked. Beside him, the younger one frowned, lost in thought. 
“Never," the Queen said. “And it still lingers. That’s what’s so strange about it. It came, faded, and remained. It’s not throbbing, or pulsating, it’s just… there. Like it plans to stay.” 
“Perhaps we should call for a - “
“What day is it?” the younger council interrupted. 
“You know full well it’s Midday.” 
“I didn’t mean that, I meant…” 
Colour drained from the older council’s face. A hand rose to cover his mouth. 
“You meant the child.” 
“Child?” Shaela asked. “What child?” 
The Queen’s councils’ eyes were wide, full of fear. 
“We need to tell you something.” 
The Queen’s Council’s Tale

The birth of a monarch, like most things in Fairyland, happened by chance. The one who ruled over all fairies and the lands they called home wasn’t predestined to do so, nor chosen. The position wasn’t inherited, either. 
Under each full moon, fairies ventured out onto breeding grounds to spread fairy-dust. When inhaled, fairy-dust. impregnated female fairies. Every once in a while, when stars aligned correctly, and magic grew strong, a woman belonging to a different race happened upon a breeding ground, became enthralled by its beauty, and fell victim to fairy-dust. If nature was allowed to take its course, a new life would come forth. 
Children of mixed blood weren’t always considered a blessing. They were shunned, discarded, feared, even, for it was human nature to fear the unknown. Some found their way to Fairyland, some were raised by outcasts. These children were all different in appearance and nature, but had only thing in common, one thing that separated them from all other fae and mortals: they were the ones to rule fae folk. 
Not all of these children learned the truth about themselves. Some lived out their lives as valued members of their community, becoming healers, diplomats, leaders, even. They didn’t feel out of place, and therefore never felt the need to seek out their true kin. Some died as infants, failing to hold on to a life perhaps riddled with birth defects. 
Some, like Shaela, felt like they didn’t belong. They set out to solve the mystery that shrouded their birth. Eventually, they made their way to Fairyland to learn of their right to the throne. 
These children lived under the watchful eye of the Queen who ruled over all fae. They were seen, watched, but never interfered with. As fairies were fickle, unpredictable, it was only natural to allow the life of a prospect be dictated by fate alone. Some never discovered their potential, but the ones who did, posed a true threat to the ruling monarch. 
As a new monarch came of age, the old one became vulnerable. Only one ruler could sit upon the throne; as power shifted hands, the old monarch died. 
During Shaela’s reign, children of promise hadn’t been born. Last time, it had taken millennia for a new prospect to rise; Queen Dey had been granted an exceptionally long rule. She, too, had fallen, but with gratitude. 
A life wasn’t meant to last as long as hers, and no ruler was meant to have the throne for so long. 
Fairy-dust hadn’t impregnated a mortal woman during Shaela’s reign, but someone, it seemed, could lay claim to the throne. 
The Queen’s council had feared for this day to come. They linked fingers as they stood in front of Shaela, speaking in turn, stumbling over words they didn’t really want to utter, words that described events that took place sixteen years ago. 
The souls of three mortal men proved powerful in the hands of a succubus Shaela had mistaken for a friend. She had used those souls to create a child who would, in time, rise to rule over lands taken by force. Shaela had carried the child, birthed it, and lost it to the hands that had created it. 
Broken, driven from Fairyland, she’d taken refuge in the small village where her mortal mother lived her slow, ordinary life. This had forced the Queen’s council to face a formidable dilemma: since the rightful ruler had been banished from the land, no-one ruled over wayward fairies. To save Fairyland from falling to ruin, they had brought Shaela back to pose as the deceased Queen Dey, and erased all memory of the child from her mind. 
Now, as the child had come of age, and proven a prospect, they had no choice but to share their secrets with Shaela. 

Chapter Two

“Sixteen years ago," the Queen’s council started, “we cast spells upon your chambers.” 
“We needed to help you heal.” 
“It wasn’t just to make you forget, but to…” 
“Well, it was mainly to make her forget.” 
“But she did ask us to do it!” 
“Focus, please," Shaela sighed. Years and years of listening to her council hadn’t made her any more patient toward them. 
“Yes, focus, of course.” 
“We’ll keep it short.” 
“Sixteen years ago today you had a baby, and now he’s all grown up and coming to take the throne and that’s why you have a pain.” 
The Queen’s study was quiet. The council found itself bothered by the sound of each other breathing, and decided to stop. 
“Would you care to repeat that?” Shaela broke the silence just as the council started to turn purple. Breath was released and redrawn in loud, dramatic puffs. 
“How much do you remember?” the council asked once they had regained control of their breath. “Of your life before?” 
Shaela paused to think, to look back upon a time she hadn’t really thought of in a long time. “I remember… living with fairies, caring for their young. And my mother, my human mother.” Her features softened as she touched a memory of Sara, grew tight again as a recollection roused another. “There was a pain," she spoke softly, her voice quiet and emotionless. “A pain much like this one, only worse. And then she came to take away the child.” 
“And then we came to take away the pain," the council sighed, reaching out to hold her hands.  

*** 

The corridor smelled like death and decay as the Queen’s council made its way through it, handkerchiefs firmly pressed to cover noses and mouths. Out of respect for those who had passed, the council walked instead of flying. 
“How many of them do you remember?” the younger one asked. 
“Only Dey. And the one before her.” 
“Me, too.” 
The tree in which royal and high-born fairies lived never ceased to expand. New chambers grew when needed to accommodate those who lived… 
… and those who no longer did. 
“When was the last time we came here?” the younger council asked. Since they rarely left each other’s side, the question served only one purpose; to fill silence with idle chatter. 
“After Dey passed on.” 
“Ah, Dey… she was a great Queen.” 
“Yes, and a rather long-lived one as well.” 
“I wonder if anyone has ever lived that long.” 
“I highly doubt that.” 
High-born fairies refused to bury their dead. Those who passed were given back to the tree so that their energy could rejoin the Universe around them. Burial chambers housed those who died in the Queen’s court: large ones for high-born fae, separate ones for each monarch. 
As a new monarch stepped forth, the tree grew, created a new chamber in which the new ruler would, someday, rest. 
“There," one of the Queen’s council said, pointing a finger to a bulge in the tree’s trunk. “That’s new.” 
“That is truly new, but far too small to house an entire monarch.” The other council turned his friend so that the extended finger pointed to a larger change. “That, however…” 
The Queen’s council sighed, both in fear and awe. 
A new chamber was forming itself next to that which waited for Shaela. The tree groaned and moaned as its bark stretched and shifted, arranging itself into a new shape. 
“… that is large enough to house any monarch.” 
“Well," the younger council pointed out, scratching his nose. “I hear the one whose blood was mixed with a dragon was relatively large. That one might not fit.” 
“Possible," the older agreed. “Still, I suppose we must inform the Queen of this.” 
“I think we should go with a note this time.” 
“You may be right.” 
“Should we sign it ‘warmly’ or ‘your loyal servants’”?

*** 

“I was born of a… fairy?” 
“Yes.” 
Azán held his hands out in front of him so he could fully see the whiteness of his skin. “Why would you do such a thing?” 
Alaene barked a small word, and the flames in the fireplace danced higher, to the eternity of skies far beyond the chimney. “To create a lord for myself, so that you could sire a horde of servants.” 
“But a fairy?” 
Alaene shrugged. A cup of tea cooled down on a small table next to her, and close by, a servant waited to re-fill it. The demon’s bent hands held a delicate teapot the former master of the castle had received as a gift from the elves. Alaene could hear faint sizzling as the servant’s skin burned where it made contact with an item imbued with sunlight. 
“She was there. It was convenient.” 
Azán shivered in disgust, an exaggerated gesture meant to show the depth of his emotion. “You made me half-mortal and half-fae. A fate worse than death!” 
“Hmm," Alaene commented, her eyes fixed upon the flames. Azán’s temper hadn’t confounded her since he’d turned four, and destroyed his nursery in a fit of anger. She didn’t turn her head as he stormed out, didn’t react as he slammed a door shut somewhere far away. 
Her thoughts were elsewhere, busy with an idea unformed, incomplete. It had something to do with what he had said, something about being half-mortal, and half-fae. 
“Who else was like that," she asked the flames. “Whose blood was mixed the same way?” 
The flames provided no answer, nor did the servant patiently holding a teapot that scalded its hands. 
“Who was that?” 

*** 

A note was carefully placed on a table before her. Shaela glanced at her council before picking it up. They looked formal in their clean livrés. This combined with the note they’d placed upon her desk roused suspicion in Shaela’s mind: her council was rarely this well kempt and quiet. 
“What is the meaning of this?” she inquired, but her council remained silent. It was clear that it took a lot of effort to stay that way. A part of Shaela wanted to see how long they could keep it up, but curiosity got the better of her. She picked up the note to read it. 
“Our most valued Queen," she read out loud. “It has come to our attention that the tree in which we currently reside (in) has taken it upon itself to grow a new funeral chamber, perhaps for a monarch to come. 
“Warm regards, your loyal servants Basil and Jobe.” 
Shaela returned the note to her desk, and as she did, the parchment sliced her finger, making it bleed. She didn’t flinch, didn’t cry out in pain, merely observed the wound to see whether it required further attention. 
The Queen’s council, however, had a more dramatic reaction. They drew in a shocked breath and clasped hands over mouths, both their own and each other’s, to keep in terrified screams. “Majesty!” they cried, “Your hand!” 
Shaela tried to brush them off with a wave of her unharmed hand. “It’s just a little cut. It will heal.” 
“No, you don’t understand!” 
The Queen’s council seemed devastated. Shaela couldn’t see why a small cut sent them in such a state. She knew them to be prone to drama, and to love flare, but this was beyond them. “What is this nonsense?” she demanded. “Why are you acting this way?” 
She ushered them onto a bench under a small window and a spill of ivy. The bench was too high for fairies. It was designed for humans, like everything in Shaela’s rooms. The council’s feet dangled in the air like those of children. It reminded Shaela of the responsibilities she had for her people, for the fairies who lived and breathed under her protection. As a Queen, it was her job to make certain they were all safe and happy. 
“What is it?” she asked again after a flood of tears had dried. “Why are you so upset over a paper cut?” 
Sniffling, the council explained itself. “You see, majesty, a monarch of Fairyland is immortal until a new monarch rises," the younger started, and the older continued. “Invulnerable, even, safe from harm’s way, so to speak.” 
The younger council nodded vigorously, shedding even more tears. Shaela had never witnessed her council worry over one thing for this long. To her, it meant this was to be taken seriously. Her council was fickle, like all fairies. They forgot as easily as they forgave. If an idea remained with them for longer than a heartbeat, the matter was grievous. 
“When a new monarch comes of age, the old monarch becomes vulnerable to the threats around her.” 
“The old monarch, I fear, becomes mortal.” 
“Mortal," Shaela repeated. She had seen the funeral chamber that had grown into the tree when she arrived to take her place at the throne, but the prospect of dying hadn’t truly crossed her mind until now. She was young. In her experience, only those who had lived to a ripe old age died. Not those young and healthy. 
A chill ran down her spine. She opened and closed her wings to make it go away. Their spines cast shadows on the walls, on the tear-streaked faces of her council. “You can’t die, majesty," the sobbed. “We’ve grown quite fond of you.” 
“I’m not going to die," Shaela promised. “Not yet, at least.” 
This seemed to settle the council. Handkerchiefs were pulled out of thin air, and used to dab off tears. 
“We need to decide how to deal with this situation," Shaela said, rising to the air. 
A Queen never walked like a mortal. Instead, she flew, floating in the air above all others. 
“If a new monarch will arrive, I need to be prepared.” 
Chapter Three

The Queen’s council dashed ahead to perform a duty it took quite seriously: to open a door for the monarch. Nothing was to disrupt a Queen’s procession, not even a closed door. Her council cleared the way for her, and closed doors behind her. 
Today, corridors leading to the library were even quieter than usual. Fairies didn’t crowd windows and doorways to catch a glimpse of the Queen like on  ordinary days. Instead, those Shaela noted looked upon her, and turned away. Her heart grew uneasy at the change in the behaviour of fae, and she promised herself to look into it. 
First, she needed to focus on matters more pressing. The rise of a new monarch had an impact on the lives of all fae, not just her. She should prepare both her subjects, and herself. 
If she couldn't find a way to prevent the shift in power. 
Fairies didn’t like reading. Though monarchs of the past had provided them an extensive library, books sat on the shelves untouched, gathering dust rather than readers. Shaela hadn’t come here often; her council was there to provide her with the information she didn’t already possess. Now, though, she found herself at a loss. Nothing had prepared her for the sudden rise of a new monarch. 
“Where do you think this monarch came from?” Shaela said, talking to herself rather than her council. Still, they answered having first exchanged looks and gestures that indicated they found the Queen’s inability to put two and two together disappointing. “We do believe it is your son, Majesty.” 
“My son?” 
“The child you birthed sixteen years ago.” 
“The one that purple lady took away.” 
“The reason why you were banished and are now pretending to be Dey instead of Shaela.” 
“Isn’t a monarch supposed to be born of fairy-dust., not the seed of mortal men?” Shaela asked. “That’s what the stories say, that’s how every monarch has come to be.” 
The council exchanged another look. “It seems there’s a loophole.” 
“This child is half-fae and half-human.” 
“You gave him the blood of fairies.” 
“And his father…” 
“Fathers, there were many.” 
“Fathers, yes, thank you -” 
“You’re quite welcome.” 
“- the blood of humans.” 
“Does he have demon blood? He was sort of made by one.” 
“That is a dilemma. We’ll just have to test him.” 
“Ah, yes, test him. That’s perfect.” 
“So when he arrives, we’ll be waiting with a vial and a needle, and we’ll ask him for a drop.” 
“And then we burn the blood, and if the flame is purple, he’s a demon.” 
“That’s so simple.” 
“Delightfully simple.” 
“Also very far beside the point," Shaela interrupted. “Is any creature with mixed blood a monarch?” 
“No.” The councils’ reply was short and somewhat snappy. “It needs to be royal blood.” 
“Inherited, or dusted," the older council said in a tone that meant the conversation was over. “That’s how a monarch comes to be.” 
The younger one nodded, once, sharply. “Inherited, or dusted.” 
“Fine, then," Shaela said. “Let’s see if there’s anything we can do to stop him from taking the throne.” 
“Does he know, by the way," a council asked, “that he can?” 
“That is a good point, my friend," the other one complimented. 
“I do do my best," the other one smiled. 
“Maybe we should look in on him," the older one suggested, “just to see if he really does pose a threat.” 
“Perhaps a window in time and space?” 
“A perfect choice, my friend, as usual.” 
“How would I manage without you two," Shaela sighed, moving her hand across the air in a perfect arch. Standing on either side of her, the council glowed as though they’d received a kind compliment. 

*** 

Black claws tapped the armrest of a throne decorated with human skulls in a slow, steady rhythm. One of the claws on her other hand had ended up in Alaene’s mouth, where strong, white teeth gnawed at it. Her leg, the one swung over the other armrest of the throne, dangled in the air, moving slowly back and forth. 
“Human blood and fairy blood, entwined together," her mind repeated, mulling over a dilemma that would not leave her alone. The answer was so close she could taste it, so close she could almost touch it, but it would not allow itself to be caught. 
“Two races, half-breed.” 
Her nail cracked loudly. She pulled it out of her mouth to examine it. The claw had split down the middle all the way to where it met the cuticle, bringing out blood. 
“Damn," Alaene commented, and spoke a word command magic to repair the damage. Her will was done, and the nail, now intact once more, returned to her mouth so she could continue to take out her frustration on it. 
“Mistress," a demon croaked from the door. 
“Go away," Alaene barked. 
Usually, the servant would have offered her a bow, and obeyed. 
Today, it insisted. 
“Mistress, a disruption in might.” 
Alaene let air escape her lungs in a hiss. On most days, that was enough to send servants running. 
This one didn’t move. Instead, it spoke, forcing Alaene to listen. She didn’t like it. 
No-one told her what to do. 
“Someone is spying on us, mistress.” 
Alaene had wings, but often, she preferred to walk. It took three long strides to reach the demon, and one more to press it against the wall by the throat. 
Alaene didn’t believe in the old saying “don’t kill the messenger”. 
“Who is it?” 
The demon tried to answer, but Alaene’s grip was too tight. It gasped for breath, its skin turning to a darker shade of purple. Frustrated, Alaene tossed it aside. The demon fell to the floor where it cowered at the wrath of its mistress, not realizing she had already left to seek the answers the messenger hadn’t been able to give her. 

*** 

The Queen’s council was silent as it stared at the view that opened in the imprint Shaela’s hand had left in the air. In the image, a young man, blond and tall, stared out a window in a stone castle. Translucent wings grew from his back. They moved slightly, opening and closing without the intent to fly, reflecting sunlight, turning it into rainbows. 
“He’s beautiful," one of the council breathed. 
“So beautiful," the other echoed. 
This was followed by glares fuelled by jealousy, and various smacks on the head. 
“This is my son," Shaela said, and though it wasn’t really a question, the council answered it. 
“It must be, if you asked magic to show you your son, the heir to the throne.” 
“I wouldn’t mind being ruled by that," the younger council sighed. 
“Basil!” the other council cried. 
“I’m sorry, it just slipped out!” 
During her years as monarch of Fairyland, Shaela had learned many things. One of them was to ignore her council. That skill came in useful now as she stepped closer to the image that had already begun to fade to steal a better look of her son, the child she’d lost before returning to the realm of fae folk. 
“My son," she whispered, reaching a hand to touch him, but the image faded as the spell lived out its time. 

*** 

The view was the same as it had been since the day he was born, Azán knew, but still, it drew him. Trees looked small from up here, roads resembled paths ants made around their nest, humans were the size of fleas. He liked to watch them, to imagine how they’d cry if he offered to end their miserable lives. 
They always did cry, no matter how unhappy they were. Humans had a tendency of holding on to their misery, to revel in it. He found it despicable. Choosing to dwell in a perpetual state of unhappiness instead of either changing the course of one’s life, or letting go of it, was as sign of weak character. 
Azán didn’t care for weakness, nor the inability to evolve. 
His mind was blank as he stared down, into a forest embroidered with tiny roads, speckled with tiny creatures, free of all conscious thought. The taste of a living soul he had devoured still lingered, offering him a glimpse into the mind of a girl whose life was only just beginning. 
It had ended before its time, thanks to him. 
A cruel smile bent one corner of his mouth. 
A life had ended before it had been filled with misery and pain. 
The door to his chambers flew open. Azán didn’t flinch. He was used to Alaene’s outbursts. 
“What brings you here this time, mother?” he asked, but Alaene paid him no mind. She paused in the middle of the chamber, looking around wildly like an animal who smells a predator but can’t quite spot it. 
“They must have been looking at you," she hissed. 
“What are you talking about, mother?” 
He insisted upon calling her mother, though Alaene hadn’t given birth to him. She was just a caretaker, someone who had taken it upon herself to raise him. 
She barked a word, moved her hand through the air in a hasty, angry motion. 
An image formed into the strike it had left. Alaene looked at it, into it, and a bitter leer turned her face ugly. 
“You," she hissed. 
In the image, a blond woman stared at her through eyes as green as emeralds. 

*** 

“Should we approach him?” 
The Queen’s council was pale, wide-eyed. The argument, minor as it was, had shaken them worse than the possibility of a new monarch rising to claim the throne. Hesitantly, they reached out to hold hands, to prove no-one could ever take the place of the other in their hearts. 
“That would give us answers," Shaela said, “but it would also make certain he knows of his destiny.” 
Extensive nodding took place within the Queen’s council as two small fairies pondered about a dilemma they hadn’t expected to meet. 
“Do we have a way to stop him from taking the throne?” the council asked. 
“We’ll need to study to find out,"  Shaela said. “But reading will take too long.” 
“That’s alright, we’ll just use magic.” The council was eager to help; fairy magic worked faster than that of humans. Their spells were ready to use, whereas Shaela’s needed time for both preparation and casting. 
Fingers were waived, wishes thought of harder than in a long time, and before too long, books started to fall out of their places. Jobe and Basil clapped their hands, hopping happily in place. “These books contain answers," they explained, rushing to gather the volumes. ”And once all are found, we’ll ask magic to narrow down the search.” 
“This way, studying doesn’t take long at all!” 
“Is it truly studying if you’re only learning one thing?” Shaela asked, slightly amused by her council’s way of thinking. To her, studying meant reading, not to find a single answer, but to expand one’s mind, the way one viewed the Universe. These two, however, regarded studying a bit differently. Instead of spending time to learn things they didn’t truly care about, they pinpointed their search to find out the exact piece of information they needed. 
It was effective, Shaela agreed, but far from what she understood studying to mean. 
Life in Fairyland was full of surprises like this one, full of examples of how different human and fae folk were. 
As books were being gathered from the floor, Shaela wondered whether forming trade relations with human races was a smart idea after all. Their ways were different from her people, and fear coloured their relationships on both sides. Humans feared everything they didn’t know, and fairies feared everything that could step on them. 
“Maybe I should reconsider," Shaela said out loud, without noticing it herself, “before I force my people to face dangers of the outside worlds.” 
“We found it!” the council cried, startling her out of her thoughts. Shaela straightened herself, ignoring a pain throbbing in her injured finger. “Let’s hear it, then," she smiled. 
Studying in fairy-way might not be traditional, but it was efficient. 
The book that withheld answers they were looking for was ceremoniously carried to a book rest. Fingers were once more waived, and magic beckoned to flip to the part they should read. 
As pages settled, reading glasses were pulled out of the air, carefully placed upon noses, frowned upon, removed, cleaned, replaced, and discarded. 
“It says here," Basil read, “that in case a new monarch dies before taking the throne, the old one will continue to rule.” 
“How convenient," Jobe claimed. “All we need is to kill the boy.” 
In silence, the Queen’s council stared at each other. 
The silence lasted a long time. 
Shaela didn’t dare break it. 
She was too curious to see what would happen. 
Fairies didn’t kill, not for fun, not for food. The prospect of murder slipping out of a fairies mouth was unheard of. 
“I do wonder what is the matter with us today," Jobe finally broke the silence. “First falling to temptation, and now this.” 
“It’s probably just something you ate," Shaela tried. Her council were clearly beside itself. She wanted them to calm down, to show mercy to themselves. 
“We’ve only eaten apples today," one council said. His face was withdrawn, his eyes defensive. 
“In various forms.” 
The other’s appearance matched that of the first one. Hands behind the back, head bent, eyes searching for solace in the shadows growing under tables. 
“In pie and pudding and candied.” 
“With lemon juice and iced.” 
“Mint leaves were added to the latter.” 
“Yes, and don’t forget the juice.” 
“Ah, the juice, so sweet and fresh.” 
“I wish we had some juice right now.” 
“Freshly squeezed, of course.” 
Fingers were waived, and a moment later, the Queen’s council was happily seated on a high table, legs swinging in the air, suckling on tall glasses of apple juice. 
The fickleness of fairies never ceased to amaze Shaela. 
“I suppose we should approach the child," she decided. “Leaving a thing like this for chance doesn’t feel right.” 
The council was too busy to speak. Instead, nods were used to indicate approval of the Queen’s decision. 
“My entering Alaene’s castle uninvited would rouse too much suspicion," Shaela started. 
“And danger," Basil interrupted her between gulps. 
“And also danger. Therefore, I shall send the two of you to seek audience with the boy.” 
Shaela paused to look back on memories she hadn’t known to possess. As she’d forced one of them out, the barrier woven by inconstant fairy magic had begun to melt, allowing her to recall details hidden in her own mind. 
“Azán," she said finally. 
“His name is Azán now.” 

*** 

“I had forgotten all about her," Alaene purred, slowly circling the boy she had raised as her own. “Your mother, the ruler of Fairyland.” 
“My mother’s a royal fairy?” 
“Not just royal, my sweet, but monarch.” 
Interest sparked in his eyes. “A ruler of all fairies.” 
“Half-fae, half-mortal, just like you, my heart.” 
“And is this position… hereditary?” 
A cruel smile bent Alaene’s lips. “We shall make it so.” 

*** 

Dressed in their finest livrés, Queen’s council stood before the sovereign, holding hands, trying to listen carefully. They were to embark on a mission of great importance. Taking in all advice was crucial to their success, so they both did their best to memorize every single word instead of trusting their usual system of one remembering half, and the other one the rest. They had noticed that sometimes, quite often, actually, they failed to synchronize the process of memorisation, and happened to miss most of the advice they were given. 
“You must not encourage him to pursue the throne," Shaela spoke, hovering in the air before her council, wings beating the air in rapid, nervous motions. “I am not ready to step down.” 
No-one mentioned the words to die though a monarch could not live after releasing the crown. 
“Instead, you should encourage him to seek another purpose to his being. Something nice, easy. Sheep herding, perhaps.” 
“Might I suggest pie making?” 
“That would be good, we could hire him to make apple pies for us.” 
“Such a good plan, my dear friend, and do you remember the apple pie from this morning?” 
“The most delicious pie, I wish - “ 
Shaela raised her voice to echo over the babble of her council. “And I would hope that you return sooner rather than later, and keep in mind that Alaene’s castle is a dangerous place. Be prepared to defend yourselves.” 
“Defend ourselves?” 
“That sounds like fun!” 
“What are we waiting for, let’s go!” 
“Oh before we do, could we have some pie as a snack? Just in case we get hungry on the way?” 
Interlude: Demonland

Sunlight never touched the purple terrain of Demonland. Shadows never grew short and sharp under the watchful eye of the bright day star. Demons dwelled deep under ground, where light flickered and faded, allowed shadows to rest in long and shapeless forms. 
This place was a safe haven for those who served cruel, heartless masters. Each night, after masters fell asleep, portals opened all across the Universe, allowing demons to crawl through the barriers of time and space, to return to their own kind, to a place that welcomed all regardless of shape and size. 
Demonland. 
Though sunlight never touched the barren land, it was never dark. Purple stones shimmered with a soft light all around, protruding from the ground like scattered, dull teeth. Some were small, some larger, but demons appreciated all of them the same. Sunlight hurt their eyes, burned their skin. The soft glow of Demonland suited them perfectly. 
The purple realm was a neutral place; during their stay, each demon was to feel safe. Though playful spankings often occurred, a hand never rose in anger. This rule was followed almost religiously despite Demons having no true ruler. They lived free, dominated only by their masters. 
A tree grew in the middle of Demonland. It was small and bent and quite purple. It carried a likeness to the one growing in Fairyland, but still, was nothing like it. Where the fairies’ tree housed hundreds of fae, the demons’ tree served only as a climbing frame. Sometimes, demons slept on its branches, taking a conscious risk of falling off while dreaming. No-one lived in the tree, though stories were told of a Queen, long-lost and forgotten. 
Some demons believed the tales, some refused to accept them. Still, each of them felt a presence in their hearts, their minds, a presence of someone caring, kind, someone who only wanted what was best for them all. Some demons thought of it as the Queen’s voice, some the sound of their own conscience. The origin was clear to none, but they all felt it. 
No matter the name, the warm presence united all demons, like the tree that stood in the middle of their purple land, reaching over all of them, standing in between them, and the masters they served. 
Chapter Four

The Queen’s council stood in front of a portal created by fickle fairy-magic, holding hands and slices of apple pie. Fairies didn’t feel fear like human races, but this time, the council shivered. “Are you quite certain we must?” they asked, hoping, in vain. 
“In you go," Shaela insisted. “And do be careful.” 
The council sighed, and stepped in. 
It took less than a heartbeat for them to transport to a castle standing safely atop Wizard’s Peak. They had never been there before, and were naturally curious to see every detail of every tapestry, statuette, and chalice that decorated the great hall they had entered. 
Before they could reach the walls and the wonders displayed on them, an angry word bound them to place. 
Discouraged, the Queen’s council resorted to hand-holding. Apple pie had mysteriously disappeared during their not-so-long journey, so squeezing each other’s fingers was the only solace they had. 
“Fairies," the voice snapped, and the council realized they recognized it. 
“Is it her?” the younger whispered loudly. 
“I think it is.” 
“We must be careful, then.” 
“What are you two doing here?” Alaene asked, her footfall even sharper than her voice. “Have you come to spy?” 
“Actually, we are here to seek audience with - “ 
“I don’t really care what you want," Alaene snapped. Her command was like the crack of a leather whip as she ordered might to banish the fairies to the darkest prison cell of her castle. 

*** 

Chains made a pleasant noise as they moved their hands and feet, and for a moment, Queen’s council was perfectly happy with the entertainment they’d been provided. Soon, though, sense of duty took over. 
“We really must get ourselves out of this predicament," the older one claimed. 
“Truly," the younger agreed. “Great hall, or the child’s chambers?” 
“I suppose the hall is a more polite option.” 
“Great hall, then!” 
“But…” the younger hesitated, holding up his hands decorated with chains thicker than his legs. “How do we do magic with our hands bound?” 
The older council rolled his eyes to demonstrate how he felt about foolish questions. “They didn’t bind our fingers, silly. These things don’t stop us at all.” 
“Well, I suppose they could have at least used silver.” 
“Silver would have slowed us down, not stopped us.” 
“That is absolutely true.” 
Fingers were waived, magic summoned, and in a moment or two, chains fell to the floor, and fairies took flight. The floor was cold and hard against backsides accustomed to the finer things life had to offer. 
“Next time, we’ll conjure up some sofas first thing.” 
“Won’t that defeat the purpose of being in jail?” 
“You do drive a valid point, but I believe our comfort is more important.” 

*** 

“What did they want?” Azán asked. He’d watched from the shadows as Alaene dealt with uninvited guests in a fashion uncommon to her. Most times, anyone who entered the castle without a summon ended up dead. These small, winged beings had ended up in a prison cell instead. This intrigued Azán; these guests must be special, important in a way he didn’t understand. 
Alaene didn’t share her knowledge eagerly, but Azán knew ways to pry it from her. Flattery worked best, he’d learned, and used it to his advantage without hesitation. 
“Nothing.” 
“Surely they must have come to court you, the fairest of all beings.” 
Alaene raised an eyebrow at this. “I know your tricks, child. Calling me beautiful won’t work this time.” 
Azán stifled the desire to stomp his foot like an infant, and demand to be told. Throwing a fit wouldn’t help to further his cause, but only serve to make Alaene grow cold toward him. 
She liked slyness, not screaming. 
“They were fairies, yes?” 
He hadn’t seen a fairy before, but books and stories had described their appearance to him. Small, frail, winged, fickle and inconstant in nature, smart-sounding, but not -acting. Their guests had ticked every box in the list, and the conclusion was easy to make. 
“Fairies, yes.” Alaene didn’t seem defensive, only reluctant. Azán allowed himself to relax: persistence was easy to overcome, if he so chose. 
If all else failed, he would spike Alaene’s wine with a potion that would draw the truth from her. 
“From the Queen’s court?” Azán tried. 
“You know much for a small demon," Alaene remarked. Her eyebrow seemed clued to that mocking height Azán had grown to detest. 
“Didn’t you say the other day that I don’t have any demon blood in me?” 
“You are born of demon magic, not demon blood. This makes you royal in our realm.” 
Azán’s eyes squinted, hungrily. This was new to him. “Royal in both realms?” he asked to make Alaene confirm his suspicion. 
“In both realms, I suppose," she replied. 
“That would mean I could - “ 
He was interrupted by a puff of white smoke as the Queen’s council appeared between them. 
“I thought it would be bigger," one of them said in an accusing tone. 
“I thought so, too," the other said just as accusingly. 
“A distraction should be grand, not just a – puff!” 
“That’s what I was aiming for!” 
In the midst of their argument, the council seemed to notice they weren’t alone. This broke off their heated conversation about the size of smoke clouds fit for distraction, and caused them to straighten both themselves, and their livrés that had become rather stained and torn during their short visit to the castle’s prisons. 
The council cleared their throats, and announced themselves. 
“Greetings – um," they paused to whisper loudly. 
“What do we call them? ‘Friends’ seems a bit much.” 
“We can’t go with ‘demons’ either.” 
“How about ‘parts of extended family’?” 
“Perhaps we could just skip the part where we address them?” 
“Can we do that?” 
“Let’s try.” 
The council straightened themselves yet again, and started over. 
“Greetings!," they exclaimed. “We are messengers of the Monarch of Fairyland Queen Shaela, known also as Queen Dey for reasons we shan’t get into at this moment, with an important notice from the Queen herself.” 
The council drew in a long breath, and continued in perfect unison. 
“We are here to inform you that Azán, son of Shaela, said Queen of Fairyland, is not advised to pursue his rightful place as monarch of Fairyland, for the Queen wishes to keep ruling until she feels better about stepping down.” 
The council fell silent. Both fairies smiled brightly, like they felt they’d done exceptionally well. 
“My rightful place, you say," Azán repeated, “as monarch of Fairyland?” 
“Exactly," the council confirmed. “The Queen wishes you not pursue it.” 
Alaene’s eyebrow had settled to a height more natural to it, and a smile, greedy and cruel, smeared itself across her face. “My son, my lord, the monarch of Fairyland.” 
She laughed, and instead of silvery bells and sunshine, her laughter was filled with brimstone. 
“Isn’t it about time we paid a visit to our dear Shaela?” 
“I believe it is high time.” 
As a Portal opened to deliver them all to Fairyland, the Queen’s council started to wonder whether they truly had succeeded well. 

*** 

The throne upon which Shaela sat was formed of living wood. It had grown out of the tree many lifetimes ago, long before Queen Dey had risen to rule Fairyland. It was warm and comfortable, and sweet-smelling flowers grew fresh along its sides. As a new ruler rose, the throne re-shaped itself to accommodate the reigning monarch. 
In the beginning, during the first days of her reign, Shaela had found it unpleasant. Since then, the throne had grown to the perfect shape, a shape perfect for her. 
Today, however, a part of it dug into her shoulder, right above the spot where wing attached to flesh. Shaela tried to ignore it, but it grew more and more obnoxious as the day grew older. 
The pain in her stomach lingered on. It grew stronger at times, and faded soon after, throbbing in sync with the injured finger. Before taking her place at the throne, Shaela would have gone to seek help from healers. She would have drank sweet and bitter teas that might or might not have made her feel better. 
A monarch, however, was invulnerable. A monarch was never ill, never hurt. A monarch was the portrait of perfect health. 
If Shaela went to the healers to seek help, she would be seen as weak, unfit to rule Fairyland. Therefore, she suffered in silence, hoping pain to pass on its own. 
“I must have eaten a bad fruit," she tried, to make herself feel better, knowing well there were no bad fruits in Fairyland. “A bit of indigestion, that’s all.” 
A voice at the back of her mind knew better. She did her best to ignore it, but it was persistent. 
a new monarch will come, the voice echoed, a new monarch will come to take your place and this pain is a premonition and this pain will kill you once he comes and by the time this day ends you will sleep and sleep and sleep forever in the funeral chamber made for you and this pain serves only to warn you of what is to come
Shaela shifted restlessly on her throne, waiting for something, anything, to happen while pain throbbed inside her stomach and in her finger she had cut with paper only a few hours ago. 

*** 

The Portal was grey. It turned slowly, giving the council motion sickness. “Oh I think I’m going to hurl," the younger council complained. 
“Please don’t do it in here," the older pleaded. “Just think about the way it would remain here for all times and turn and turn and turn on the walls.” 
“I don’t suppose anyone cleans these things.” 
The travel was over as quickly as it had begun. One moment they were inside a grey tube of nothingness, the next, they stood in the Queen’s throne room, flabbergasted and nauseated. 
Shaela stood to greet her guests, pale, worn with pain. 
The beat of a fairy’s life is faster than that of a human, though they live longer. Still, what happened next happened too fast for the Queen’s council to comprehend. 

*** 

Shaela stood as a Portal opened in the middle of her throne room. It was unexpected: her court was a confined place in Fairyland. The only Portal to and from, was carefully hidden in the furthest corner of her private chambers. The only way to travel to Fairyland was through Fairyrings. Portal magic was not allowed here, in her domain. 
The pain grew more intense as they stepped out of the Portal, Alaene followed by the Queen’s council, and a tall boy Shaela had brought into the world, and lost soon after. It forced her to double over, to moan against her will, to fall to the floor on her hands and knees. 
A memory stirred, a memory of another pain, a pain she’d felt before she’d last seen the child. 
That pain was a walk in the park compared to this. 
A cold, hard hand grabbed her chin, and forced her to look up, at a face she’d once thought to love. 
“Dear, sweet Shaela," Alaene purred. “How long has it been?” 
“Not long enough," Shaela spat, though pain made it difficult to speak. 
The hand pushed her, and she fell to the floor, curled into a ball around the pain that was like an icy blade pushed through her. 
“Your time has come to an end," the child spoke. “It is my turn to rule now.” 
As he sat upon the throne, the world around Shaela grew dark.  
Interlude: Fairyland

They felt it, tasted it, in the air. 
A change they still remembered. 
It hadn’t been that long since power shifted from one pair of hands to the next. 
“Could it be," they whispered, shivering in excitement. “Could it be that the monarch is overruled?” 
Fairies could be quiet if they so chose, quiet and unseen like insects hiding in the crevices of dead wood. 
For a moment that seemed to last forever, nothing stirred in Fairyland. No wing moved, no voice sang, not a single breath moved through the air. 
The moment lingered on, and all fairies tasted the change it would bring, but none dared believe it. 
They had hoped too long to trust easily. 
And then, a cry broke the silence. 
“The Queen is dead!” 
“Long live the King!” 
A tremor went through the court. It forced fairies to fly, cry, scream out their joy. 
The Queen was dead, and a new era had begun. 
Fairies rejoiced. Celebrations broke out all around Fairyland, both above the ground, and below it, where the great tree’s roots offered shelter to high-born fae. Bonfires were lit, fairy-dust spewn without regard. 
In all corners of the realm, fairies turned to small animals they’d once regarded as friends, pulled them out of their hidey-holes, and slaughtered them. 
Animal flesh was skewered carelessly, and barbecued in the flames of bonfires. 
Only partially cooked meat was torn off bone with sharp teeth that had never tasted anything but fruit and berries. 
A new era begun in Fairyland, and it started with a feast of blood. 
Chapter Five

Shaela’s lifeless body lay on the floor by the throne. Azán kicked it aside with a careless foot. 
“Get rid of that," he ordered. 
The Queen’s council moved slowly, like in a dream. They didn’t understand what had happened: one minute, they’d ventured out into a castle far beyond their realm, the next, their Queen lay dead at their feet. 
They hadn’t even had time to change into grey silks only worn during mourning. 
A lonely tear rolled down the older one’s cheek. “What have we done," he whispered. 
“What you were meant to do," Alaene snapped. “Get rid of the corpse, and yourselves while you’re at it. 
“You are no longer welcome in Fairyland.” 

*** 

The body of a dead Queen was heavy, even though magic arrived to carry it for them. 
The Queen’s council, clad in grey silks, escorted Shaela to the chamber she would rest from now until eternity, her body charmed to appear youthful and lifelike for all times. 
Heads hung low as the council walked next to the body. The shades of blue Shaela wore seemed ill-fitting for a time like this, a time when death had taken her, and left Fairyland in the hands of another. 
The corridors seemed long, longer than ever before. The council didn’t look up from their feet until they reached the door that would close behind Shaela’s lifeless shell. 
The chamber was small. A pedestal, almost like a bed, stood in the middle of it. No other furniture cluttered the empty space. Torchbugs were the only source of light here, in the darkness of a tall tree’s roots. 
“Should we change her clothes?” 
“We should. One last time.” 
As Shaela’s body settled to rest upon the pedestal, the colours she wore changed. Her blue silks turned darker until they reached grey, her hair coiled into a royal chignon, modest enough for everyday wear, ornate enough for death. 
“We should read the spells to preserve her body as well.” 
The council didn’t cry, not yet. 
The pain was too fresh. 

*** 

“They said we weren’t welcome in Fairyland any more," the younger council said, fidgeting with the ribbons of his livré. “Doesn’t that mean we should… leave?” 
The older one waved his hand. Tears had come and gone, and they were feeling a touch better. “We are here to council the current monarch. That means our place is by Azán’s side.” He paused to think for a moment, and continued. “Who knows, we might be able to put some sense into his head.” 
“That sounds smart, I think," the younger one said. “He seems to need some education as to what fairies eat and drink.” 
“This new diet doesn’t seem befitting.” 
They returned to the throne room through common halls crowded with fairies, and were appalled with their behaviour. Fairies were known to live on fruit and the sweet nectar of flowers. Now, fairies argued over the carcasses of small animals that had once lived here as their friends. Hands and faces smeared with blood, sharp teeth shining, eyes filled with thirst, these fairies weren’t the ones the council remembered. 
These were stained, spoiled. 
“It’s his demon streak," the younger council decided. 
“It must be," the older one agreed. 
The fairy Queen’s court was a light, airy place full of sunlight and sparkle. Now, it had turned dark. Small fires burned where fairies tried to cook their prey, bloody handprints stained the walls where they’d tried to support themselves having drank too much wine. 
Tattered clothes, torn and dirty instead of pastel coloured silks, broken chandeliers lying on the floor, torn drapes covering windows housing the corpses of purple ivys. 
The Queen’s council shook their heads in dismay, silently disapproving of everything they saw. 
Another shock waited for them in the throne room. 
As a new monarch rose, the throne re-shaped itself to better suite the sovereign. Usually, it grew a little larger, or shrank a bit in size, changed the colour of its flowers, arranged its bumps and dents. 
This time, it had taken things further. 
The throne was larger and taller now, its back reaching the high, arched ceiling. Its armrests had taken the shape of weeping skulls, its flowers were replaced with burning candles. It no longer bore the pleasant shade of living tree. Instead, it was purple and black like a demon’s tongue. 
The Queen’s council shivered at the sight, but stepped bravely forth. They were assigned to aid the ruling monarch, not shy away from them. 
“Majesty," they spoke, “we have completed our duty of escorting the old Queen to her burial chamber, and are now eager to serve you, the new King.” 
Alaene’s eyes were dark and deadly as she looked at them. “I thought I told you: the old Queen’s council is no longer welcome in Fairyland.” 
Basil and Jobe reached to hold hands. “But… we aren’t just the old Queen’s council, we are the Queen’s council, full stop.” 
“Or King’s, however they choose to label themselves.” 
“The ruling monarch’s council, then.” 
“That’s better.” 
“We live to aid the monarch currently reigning over Fairyland.” 
“We have no other purpose.” 
Alaene laughed. “It’s high time you sought out another purpose.” 
A portal opened beneath the council’s feet, and swallowed them. 
Azán watched from his throne, unaffected, a touch bored, even. “Where did you send them?” 
“Out.” 
“Just out?” 
Alaene nodded. 
“I would have killed them.” 
“You can’t kill a fairy. Not before it’s their time to die.” 
Interlude: Pocket Realm

Her favourite flowers, the ones she had chosen to bloom forever in the little realm she’d managed to create as her refuge before magic was taken from the Universe, swayed in the soft breeze as she read words she’d read before. This book had no magic other than beauty; it spoke of the history of her kind, of the toleen who sang to heal wounds when the Universe was young still. 
Andesha’s features softened as she read, and age bled away. It was as though the magic of her kin reached out from the pages of the book to soothe her soul, like it had soothed the wounds of the injured for so many millennia. 
The frog Shaela had altered during her visit half-hopped, half-flew out from the rose bushes. It still hadn’t learned to fully master its new features. Andesha looked up to smile to it. The frog spat out a little flame. Its fire was usually orange, matched with the setting sun. Now, the flame it brought forth was purple. 
Andesha sighed. 
She had felt a change in magic. This omen meant it was time for her to look. 
Andesha stood. Her world was small, and safe. Now that magic had been returned to the Universe, she could leave it, if she so chose. 
She had chosen to stay. 
The world was different now. She wouldn’t fit in. 
Here, she was free to do what she wanted. 
She spoke a little word, a kind, persuasive word, and moved her hand across the air in a slow arch. An image formed in the arch, to show her what she needed to know. 
A demon sat on the throne of Fairyland, while a blue-winged Queen lay dead at his feet. 
Andesha closed the image, and sighed again. 
“Death," she spoke, “is unstable at times like these.” 
She returned to her chair, and picked up her book, remembering another one she read a long, long time ago, before magic had been taken from the Universe. 

Andesha’s Tale

A group of children followed a seer around the Crystal Halls. They all feared J’dra, an old man with pointy ears and a sharp voice. They kept their distance while maintaining close contact to each other; if they moved as a group, no-one could be singled out. 
They hadn’t noted that J’dra rarely pointed anyone out. He taught by telling tales of the past, by using memories and stories as an example. 
Crystal Orbs as high as the children stood around them in meticulous lines, glowing with a soft light. They were white, calming, soothing, each of them offering a view into a different world. 
Andesha hadn’t known there were so many known worlds; the orbs filled three chambers, and more were born as the dr’chen ventured into unknown territories. 
“These orbs," J’dra spoke, “are our windows to distant parts of the Universe. Through looking into worlds far away and nearby, we can detect disturbances in the Balance.” 
“What is the Balance?” someone asked. She was brave, and in good terms with the teachers. Other children shied away from her simply because she was different, smarter than the rest and a bit older. She didn’t fit in, never had, but it didn’t seem to bother her. She devoted herself to learning, to becoming even smarter. 
“Magic consists of two strands, white and dark. These strands are equally strong, equally attractive. There is an equal number of wizards serving the white side, and the dark. This, together with many other small things, creates a Balance between the two strands of might. This Balance, in turn, holds our Universe intact. 
“A disturbance in the Balance happening right here, in our small temple, could send a cataclysmic tremor all across the Universe, making it crumble and die.” 
Children looked around, at each other, each trying to recall the things they’d done during the past days and weeks. They didn’t yet know much about the Universe, and J’dra’s words scared them. 
“The Balance," J’dra continued as he led them through the Orbs, “isn’t as delicate as it sounds. Only major events affect it, not petty squabbles among school children.” 
The children sighed, relieved. None of them wanted to be guilty of sending the Universe into chaos. 
J’dra led them through the chambers, into a smaller one that only house one Orb. This one was different form the rest. It was dark, and clouds moved inside it. Andesha took a few steps closer to see it better. She moved through the small crowd of children, forcing herself into the front row, and ended up next to J’dra. 
“This Orb has been here since the dawn of times," J’dra spoke. “No-one witnessed its birth, no-one saw it come to life. The Temple grew around it, I believe, and through centuries, this one Orb has stood here, alone, without a living hand pressed against its surface.” 
The children leaned in closer, curious over the possible dangers this Orb posed. 
“This one offers a view into the World of the Dead," J’dra continued. “To the realm where those who have passed on live until they are ready to move on. 
“Some remain in the World of the Dead for all times, some spend only a passing moment there. 
“Many secrets reside there as well. The mysteries of life and death, artefacts lost for mortal men, ancient text describing rituals long forgotten.” 
A strange look on J’dra’s face claimed he wished to travel there, not as a ghost, but as a living man, to find the marvels he spoke of. The curiosity of a seer marked him, Andesha understood, as it marked all those who had gathered here to study, to learn. 
“Looking into the Orbs requires years of training. One should never do so without a companion close by to help if the Orb’s grasp is too tight. 
“This Orb is forbidden from most seers, not because of the secrets one might discover, but because of its special nature. 
“The other Orbs want to show everything that has come to pass in the world they are dedicated to. They wish to start from the beginning, from the births of first animals and plants. Controlling the events the Orb pours into a watcher’s mind is tricky, but not impossible. With training and practice, almost anyone can become a master. 
“This one, however, wants to consume the watcher’s soul, to lure it into the World of the Dead. Only a handful of seers are strong enough to resist the temptation.” J’dra led the children out of the chamber, into the soft, white light emitted by the Orbs. “Training starts with Orbs that show young worlds. The shorter the history, the easier it is to filter.” 
The children nodded their heads, agreeing with the seer’s wise words. 
“But before you are ready to touch an Orb, you must study.” 
He ushered them out, toward class rooms and libraries where others would take over for the rest of the day. 

*** 

Children slept in dormitories close to the Temple. They weren’t actively guarded; trust prevailed among dr’chen and toleen. Guards did patrol the area, but only to ensure safety from outside threats. The warlike dr’chen found the concept of peace difficult to understand. They were constantly on the look-out for enemies, always ready to defend themselves and those dear to them. 
Children snuck out of bed after lights had been turned low. They had agreed to meet by the entrance to the last Crystal Hall. 
“I’ll bet you won’t dare," one of them whispered. “Me, too," another one echoed. “Me, three!” 
The consensus was against Andesha. Children were eager to see her fail, eager to laugh and point. 
No-one remembered who had first spoken out the challenge, but it had been picked up quickly. Andesha was to lay a hand against an Orb, but not just any Orb. 
She was to touch the one that showed the World of the Dead. 
“I’ll bet she will," one voice spoke. It was alone, so the odds were high. 
Marbles were pulled out of pockets and pouches, calculated, and deposited into one pouch. If Andesha conquered the challenge, the one who stood behind her would collect them all. If not, those who had voted against her would share the marbles. 
“Go one then," someone said once the marbles had been counted. “We don’t have all night!” 
Andesha stood taller than the rest. She was the one toleen among a group of dr’chen. 
She approached the Orb, the dark one with clouds slowly moving inside it. She could feel it reaching for her mind, like it had known she was coming, like it was welcoming her as a friend. 
The urge to touch it was almost too much to bear. 
Her hand moved like it had a will of its own. 
The chanting of children had dulled down to a whisper twisted and bent out of proportion. It no longer mattered. 
The only thing that mattered was the Orb. 
Just before she touched it, she could hear a voice, a familiar voice. It formed words she could almost understand. 
“Andesha, no!” the voice cried, but it was too late. 
Her hand pressed against the Orb, and images filled her mind. 

*** 

Lives passed through her mind, the destinies of those who had yet to be born shifted before her eyes. Andesha stared into the world where the dead lived, unable, unwilling to escape. 
Secrets were whispered into her ears, into her mind as the Orb held her, eager to share with her everything that had ever come to pass, everything that would come to pass. 
“Death," the Orb told her, “is unstable. Its boundaries are not eternal. The limitations of what a mortal can do are nothing but figments of your own minds.” 
The Orb spoke to her, and she listened. 

*** 

The children had left, frightened to tears. J’dra didn’t have the heart to punish them; seeing their friend like this, eyes open, blank, staring into a world that would never let her go, was enough. 
J’dra was among the few who could look into this Orb. It had taken him years to master his skills. He knew what the Orb shared with Andesha, but not the extent of its secrets. 
The Orb that revealed the World of the Dead had shared only a fraction of its mysteries with him. For Andesha, it would show all there was to see. Her mind was untrained, easy for the Orb to control. It would hold her until everything it knew had been shared. 
Until the Orb was ready to release her, Andesha would stare into it, eyes wide, blank, body limp and unresponsive. Without nourishment, she would perish within a matter of weeks. 
“I can’t let that happen," J’dra spoke softly. “I won’t.” 
Seers were trained to control the Orbs not only to find what it was they sought, but also to prevent this. An untrained mind was easy to trap. As each Orb had much to share, taking in all they had to offer took time. 
More time than a human body could withstand. 
Seers weren’t trying to protect their minds, but their bodies. 
“Make certain no-one bothers me," J’dra said to the guard posted at the door of the chamber. “And close your ears.” 
The guard did as he was told: the dr’chen weren’t only great warriors, they were also obedient ones. 
The words of a spell rolled easily off his tongue. As words of ancient s’man-tek filled the chamber, his voice changed, grew softer, kinder. Magic knew J’dra not in this form, but the one he had been born with. 
The voice of a young woman whispered words in an ancient tongue, speaking a plea to might. 
“Keep this one alive," it begged, “and young, so that when the grip is released, and she awakens, she is still as she is now, her life still ahead of her.” 

*** 

Twenty years later, a toleen-girl pulled her hand off the Orb that revealed the World of the Dead. Children gathered around her took a step back, and gasped. 
Andesha, the girl who stared into the Orb, had become a popular subject of lessons. Everyone wanted to hear her story, everyone wanted to know why she still lived. 
J’dra shared her tale with children, leaving out the part that had to do with spells and magic. 
The dr’chen didn’t want anything to do with magic. They feared it. The only form of magic allowed in this world was the song of the toleen. Therefore, J’dra chose to keep his powers a secret. 
The children gathered around the Orb for a lesson hadn’t expected to see Andesha move, let alone awaken. 
She turned to them, eyes still blank, and spoke. 
“Death," she said, “is unstable. 
“At times like these.” 

Interlude: the world of the dead

Dragons flew high above the silent forest. Their cries were the only thing to pierce the silence. 
They were together now, Lindea and her children. Their hearts were complete, like the one of their guardian. 
“One is missing still," J’dra spoke. 
“He will never be joined with us.” 
Ingold the Great was wise beyond his years, but even he lacked the power to see the future. 
“How do you know this?” 
Ingold set down his tea. He had chosen this spot by the edge of a cliff so he could sit in the sun and watch his dragons soaring the sky. “As dear as he is to my heart, he is not linked with me. 
“Lindea is his family. 
“And magic itself. 
“As long as might fills the Universe, Kaim may not die.” 
J’dra pondered in silence while dragons flew. 
“You should go now, to meet your kin.” 
“Is it already time?” 
“Yes, and no.” 
J’dra stood, and left. 

*** 

Dying hadn’t felt like she’d imagined. 
One moment, she’d been filled with pain as sharp as an icy blade, the next, she stood here, in between desert and silent forest. 
Shaela turned to see the world around her. She found nothing but trees, and sand, and burning sun. 
Nothing moved in this world, nothing lived, nothing breathed. Wind forced sand to shift, clouds to fly, but no living thing moved with them. No snake left its imprint in the sand, no bird broke the clouds with its beak. 
Choosing which way to go was easy. The desert appeared uninviting. The shadows of the forest offered shelter. 
Before Shaela could move, a voice greeted her. 
“I know you," she spoke. 
Though J’dra was young again, her features were the same. 
“So you have died," she said, speaking a plain, simple truth Shaela already knew. 
“I have died.” 
This truth didn’t bring emotion with it. No fear, no sorrow, no anger. 
She had died, and that was all. 
“Fairyland is in turmoil, and more is to come.” J’dra’s voice lacked accusation, but Shaela knew she was to blame. 
“I must correct this," she said. 
J’dra’s hand moved through the air, showing her what she needed to see. 
Fairies spoiled, ruined, feasting on the flesh of each other. 
Shaela shivered. “What must I do?” 
“One born of demon magic must not rule over fairies. They are light and dark, mortal enemies. 
“Fairies take on the nature of their ruler. Under your rule, they were discontent, uncertain of their place, like you. Under his rule, they turn into demons. 
“You must return to the mortal realm to re-claim the throne.” 
Shaela stood. “Which way do I go?” 
Chapter Six 

The outside world was nothing like they’d hoped. 
Basil and Jobe stood, amazed, in a forest that had turned white. They didn’t notice how cold it was; all they saw was the beauty. 
It never snowed in Fairyland. Days were always warm and sunny, trees bore fruit, and flowers blossomed. Seasons didn’t change, and thus, fairies didn’t know of winter. 
“Everything glitters," Jobe sighed. 
Sunlight had turned snowflakes into diamonds that reflected light, making the forest look like it wore a cape of crystals. 
“It’s so beautiful.” 
They stood, silent, for a long time, their breath escaping them in white clouds. 
Then, they started to understand what cold truly was. 
“You’re blue," Basil remarked. 
“You’re shaking," Jobe remarked on his behalf. 
“I don’t think this is good for us.” 
“I’d like to go to sleep and wait for this to end.” 
“Me, too, but I feel like it would be a bad idea.” 
They thought for a moment, not a long one since they did find the shivering a touch uncomfortable and wanted to be rid of it as soon as possible. 
“Perhaps a small fire," Basil suggested. 
“Smart idea, my friend.” 
Soon, a small fire burned brightly, and two fairies sat in comfortable chairs next to it, wrapped in layers of wool, mugs of steaming wine in their hands. 
“That’s better," Jobe said. 
“Much better," Basil agreed, reaching for a dried leaf of seaweed. “We should decide what to do now.” 
Jobe tasted his wine, and decided it would go well with gingerbread. A deliberate thought brought one to him. “We should find a way to replace this new monarch.” 
“Agreed.” Basil pulled a gavel out of the air, and knocked it against the armrest of his chair. “He’s a demon, right?” 
“A demon. Right.” 
Basil used the gavel to scratch the side of his chin. It tended to develop an itch when he was thinking too hard. “Perhaps we should…” 
“Should we really?” 
“I really think we should.” 
“It will be so uncomfortable," Jobe sighed. 
“We’ll take it as an adventure.” 
“Fine then.” 
The fairies stood, still wrapped in their wools, and drained their mugs. 
“Shouldn’t let good wine go to waste," Jobe remarked. 
“Now then," Basil said, reaching out to take both of Jobe’s hands. “We should change first.” 
They stared into each other’s eyes, chanting out their desire, a wish no other fairy had spoken before. 
Soon, two small demons stood in the place of the Queen’s council. 
“You’re… ugly!” Basil cried. 
“No, you’re ugly!” Jobe cried. 
“Ugly or not, we really should get going.” 
A portal opened before them, and the Queen’s council stepped inside, still wearing layers of wool over their demon skins. 
Chapter Seven 

“Does magic work here?” Shaela asked. The world around her was beautiful, but ominous in some indeterminable way. Partly, it was the silence, the lack of living beings, but there was something else. Something she couldn’t quite put her finger on. 
“To a degree," J’dra said. “No Portal will open here, expect if opened by a Naézrac.”
“What is a Naézrac?” 
“We need not worry over them now. Naézrac haven’t existed in a long time.” 
Shaela shrugged. She didn’t really need to know. It was curiosity, thirst for knowledge that had encouraged her to ask. “How can I return, then?” 
“No-one leaves the World of the Dead," J’dra replied. A smile lingered around the left corner of her mouth, a smile that made Shaela uneasy. “Unless…” 
“Unless the fate of the Universe depends of it.” 
“I don’t know about the fate of the Universe, but the fate of Fairyland most certainly depends on my hasty return," Shaela said. She was getting frustrated with the situation: she didn’t have time to be dead, she had a kingdom to rescue. 
J’dra made a small sound that resembled a hum. “Yes, yes," she said, “the fate of Fairyland and all those who dwell there.” 
The forest gave way to her, parting so she could pass. Thick-leafed plants pulled themselves aside, trees lifted their branches. On any other day, Shaela would have seen this as a miracle. Death had parted her from emotions, both strong and weak. Today, a forest giving way to a wizard’s ghost was nothing particular, merely a simple necessity. 
“Here," J’dra said once they reached a clearing in the trees. “This is what I wanted to show you.” 
“It’s just a book.” 
“Just a book?," J’dra scoffed. “Shows how little you know, child.” 
A book stood in the middle of the clearing on a pedestal carved out of dark stone. Shaela observed the images on the pedestal, unable to connect them to any race. “Who made this?” she asked, unaffected by the harsh words J’dra had just spoken. 
“The dead," came the reply, simple and exhaustive. 
Shaela would have wanted to study the faces further, to examine every detail, to run her fingers over the small faces there, but the book opened, drowning the carvings with light that made it impossible to see. 
“This is the Book of the Dead," J’dra said. “It has been written many times, and by many, but read only once, cover to cover. 
“You have met the one who dared that feat.” 
“Andesha," Shaela spoke softly. An emotion, passing and faint, stirred. It was part wonder, part pride, part love. It died as quickly as it had been born, like things often did in this realm. 
“She could have helped you with your dilemma," J’dra said, “having knowledge of everything that can come to pass in the mortal realms. Since you have died, you’ll have to do with me.” 
“You’ll do fine.” 
She waited for a long time, and though time passed, she was unaffected by it. 

*** 

“You do not have much time," J’dra said. 
“You just used most of it reading the book," Shaela said. The emotion was there, the accusation, the disappointment, the fear, but it didn’t live long, nor did it pass itself through her voice. Everything was subdued here. 
Subdued, and dead. 
“Time passes differently here. What we feel is an eternity, is the blink of an eye to mortals above.” 
Relief, a faded copy of it. 
“Have you found the answers we need?” 
“I have, and more. 
“You have until the third day after your death, and the third hour of that day. 
“If your body is intact, you may return to it. 
“Given you find the way.” 
It sounded easy enough, Shaela thought, knowing nothing in life, or death, came easily. 
“Where is the way?” 
J’dra pointed toward the desert. “A temple lies drowned in a sea of sand. 
“When stars align in the perfect way, a Portal opens in the burial chamber. 
“That Portal will allow a soul lingering in the space between life and death to return to either realm. That of the living, or of the dead. 
“You must find that temple, and reach that Portal before the third hour of the third day runs out.” 
“Is that all?” Shaela asked, knowing the answer. 
“In the mortal realm, spells must be spoken, spells to match those you speak over the corpse of the high-priestess to activate the magic.” 
“Who will speak the spells?” 
“That is for you to decide.” 
Frustration, worn and faded like a cardigan left to burn in the sun. 
“How do I reach the mortal world to inform them of my need?” 
“That is for you to decide.” 
“Can I go up to haunt someone?” 
J’dra smirked. “A novel approach, but no. You may not leave here in your current form. Only the Portal can return you.” 
“What are the words I must speak?” Shaela asked, noticing J’dra hadn’t told her this. “Do I have to figure them out on my own?” 
“The spells are painted on the sarcophagus of the priestess. You must read them as they are.” 
“That’s the first thing that sounds easy.” 
“I hope you know her language.” 
Disappointment, crushing like the fall of a pebble. 
“Can you point me to the right direction again?” 
J’dra raised her arm, and Shaela set out to cross the sea of sand where sun never set. 
Chapter Eight

Two horned creatures, small, shedding layers of wool, made their way through the purple landscape. They moved slowly, as there were many things to look at they hadn’t seen before. Lava was new to them: after touching it with curious fingers, it was deemed an unwelcome acquaintance. Purple stones which emitted a pleasant glow were seen as a more enjoyable feature. The two creatures discussed the possibility of installing similar stones to their own home to use as nightlights. The plan was quickly put to rest after one of the stones began to pulsate, followed by an explosion which sent shards of stone flying in every direction. 
Creatures crowding the skies fascinated them most of all. 
“I didn’t know demons could fly," one of them remarked, his voice small, filled with wonder. 
“Me neither. Perhaps they just don’t do that outside their own realm.” 
“Us having seen only five of them could also have something to do with that.” 
“Quite possible, that is.” 
The small creatures walked on, layers of wool now scattered along the path they’d followed. They were clad in typical demon fashion, in dark, tattered rags that barely covered that which needed covering. It was quite obvious they were used to clothing more concealing, even more luxurious. They pulled at their rags, constantly trying to arrange them to give more warmth and shelter. 
“Honestly, Basil," one of them said after a long moment of tugging and pulling, “these clothes aren’t working for me.” 
“It would be suspicious if we wore our own.” The other one seemed just as uncomfortable, but more willing to endure. 
“Perhaps just a slight tune up.” 
A finger was waived, and a forehead frowned as a wish was thought of especially hard. The rags they wore turned into robes with torn hems and sleeves too long for them. 
After a moment of turning this way and that to see what they looked like from the back, they gave a verdict. 
“This is much nicer.” 
“Heeps nicer, and warmer, too.” 
“I don’t think we need to worry about warmth here, not with all that molten stone around.” 
“Right you are. Still, I like these better than the other option.” 
The path led them toward the centre of the realm they’d entered. They hadn’t chosen to come here, but following a path, any path, in demonland soon led a traveller to where demons gathered as night fell, where a tree grew bent and shrivelled. 
The two creatures stood still as the tree came into view, winds at a surprised stance, mouths in wondrous Os. 
“It’s just like Fairyland!” one of them exclaimed, fluttering his wings to fly. These ones, unlike his own, were full of holes, thus refusing to grant him flight. He noticed that soon, and, saddened, gave up. 
“Not just like Fairyland," the other one corrected, “this one is all broken and bent. And much smaller, I don’t think these demons could fit inside.” 
“Oh," the other one said, disappointed. “I thought we were further away.” 
“Ah, yes, perspective can play a trick on you, especially if you expect to see something particular.” 
“First time?” a voice croaked behind them, making them both jump and squeal in fright. 
A demon had walked up from behind them, and taken time to speak to them. 
The Queen’s council noted a suspicious look on its face, and decided it was time to put some thought into posing as demons. 
“First time," one of them grunted, making sure to sound like speaking took much effort. Demons didn’t use many words. They spoke in short, clear sentences. They avoided flourishing washes of adjectives, relying on curt, even blunt forms of communication. 
“Magnificent," the other council tried, waving his arm to include all of Demonland into the description. 
The word he’d chosen was a bit too large for the demon they had encountered. It frowned, taking its time deciding whether it liked these two or not. 
Then, it spoke. 
“Magnent.” 
This was as close as it could get to the word Basil had used, but the fairies were eager to accept it. 
“Magnent, magnent," they all croaked in a happy unison as the demon led them closer to the tree. 

*** 

“I must say, these demons aren’t at all what I was expecting," Basil said quietly. They had pulled away from the crowd gathered around the tree to catch their breath, and to discuss their findings. 
They had assumed demons to be angry beings who dedicated their lives to slaying and torturing the innocent. They had expected to find nothing but carnage and death in their realm. 
Instead, the demons they’d found sought nothing but release from the oppression from their masters. Here, around the tree after a long day, they were free to do as they pleased, and what the council saw surprised them. 
They didn’t see demons fighting each other, arguing in anger. Instead, they saw demons dancing and croaking, courting each other, enjoying food and drink. Their ways weren’t that different from those of fairies, though their diet of charred flesh did serve only to nauseate the council. 
“Perhaps there is truth to the old tales," Jobe suggested. 
“Which ones?” 
“The ones that claim that fairies and demons are born from the same source.” 
“I thought demons were made, not born.” 
“Now they are, but originally.” 
This caused Basil to think long and hard, to frown so hard deep lines appeared on his forehead. “If that is so," he said, in a tone quite contemplative, “shouldn’t we do something to liberate these beings?” 
“I don’t know if its our place to interfere.” 
“You might be right.” 
The council settled to watch demons celebrate the night around the tree that reminded them of home. 
“Perhaps we should - “ they started, both at the same time. After a moment of confusion, Jobe took the first turn to speak. 
“Perhaps we should venture inside the tree, to investigate.” 
“I was just about to suggest the same thing.” 
“If there is some hidden information to find in this realm, it will be there.” 
“In the tree.” 
“Deep within the roots.” 
“Can you imagine all the gunk we’ll find there?” 
“I was trying hard not to, thank you very much.” 

*** 

No-one tried to stop them, or inquire to what their business was. There were no guards, no authorities to watch over the demons as they rejoiced after a long day of servitude. 
A path led up to the tree, but it seemed rarely taken. Unlike most paths that circled the dark centre of Demonland, this one was faded, difficult to make out. 
“Do you think this means they don’t really go inside the tree?” Basil asked. 
Jobe shrugged under his demon-guise. “I suppose it must," he replied. ”It could also mean that there’s another way in, and we’re going through the back door.” 
“Or perhaps the servants’ entrance.” 
“Perhaps.”
The council walked with no hurry, trying to look like they were just walking without a real purpose, perhaps just looking for a nice, secluded place for a cuddle. They slipped inside the tree unseen, without trouble, meeting no-one to question them in order to keep the tree secure. 
“This wouldn’t have happened in Fairyland," Jobe muttered. 
Basil had to disagree. “Are you quite certain, now? As you may recall, we don’t have guards, either.” 
“We don’t have uninvited visitors, either.” 
“That’s because one can only enter the lowest levels of the tree through portals and fairyrings. The highest level, the one above-ground…” 
The fairies took their time to recall the tree that stood in the centre of Fairyland, a tall tree that blossomed in every colour of the rainbow, a strong tree whose branches provided homes for fairies who worked for the Queen’s court, a tree whose trunk opened at ground-level to accommodate services and monitored entrance to the lower levels. 
“There is a similarity to be seen, I suppose.” 
“I’m guessing the demons who made this tree have only seen the above-ground part of ours.” 
“Perhaps so.” Jobe was quiet for a moment, and continued to mutter. “… security would still be a smart way to keep intruders at bay.” 
This trees trunk opened at gound-level just like the one in Fairyland. It was large enough to comfortably house seven fairies or demons of their size, if they all chose to stand still with their wings folded. A chain of nine fairies standing outside, their hands linked, could have easily reached around the tree. 
“It is small in comparison," Basil sighed, somehow saddened by the demons’ attempt. 
“It does have its charm," Jobe tried to see the tree in a positive light. “And the shade of purple is quite… well, purple.” 
They looked around, but there wasn’t much to see. No-one waited here to ask what business they had inside, and why they wished to enter lower levels. The council was free to step on a portal, and wait for it to activate. 
After a long moment of waiting, Jobe saw it best to speak. 
“Do you think there’s a button to push?” 
“There must be, we shouldn’t have to wait this long.” 
“Could be it’s not really a portal, just a painting of one.” 
“A painting wouldn’t radiate light, would it?” 
“Well, a very good painting might!” 
“I don’t see a button.” 
“Should we try commanding it?” 
“It can’t hurt.” 
The fairies settled back onto the portal, and tried speaking different words to activate it. “Up” and “down” were repeated multiple times along with “activate” and “open, sesame”. 
Nothing happened. The Queen’s council was getting cranky and irritated which, in turn, made them frustrated and snappy. They were just about to start pointing fingers at one another when someone entered. 
The fairies froze. They stood on the portal, trying to be very still, and at the same time look like they weren’t doing anything wrong. Their eyes moved through the walls and ceiling of the tree in sharp jerks, their mouths tried to form an innocent, whistled tune. 
“You two," the demon who had entered barked. 
Basil and Jobe looked behind them to indicate they didn’t really wish to be spoken to. 
“I’m talking to you!” 
“Us?” Basil dared. 
“Yes, you.” The demon, small and bent like most of its kind, pointed a lumpy finger at the small wall that encircled the portal. “You have to push the button.” 
“What button?” Jobe asked. 
“That one!” the demon yelled, pointing harder. 
“This one?” Basil asked, reaching to touch a button embedded in the wall. It was small, and its colour matched the tree perfectly. 
“That’s the one.” 
“Thank you," Basil continued with a smile before pushing the button. 

*** 

They had expected to be wooshed away just like in Fairyland. The council was quite surprised to find itself in an elevator that made its way through floors in an unstable manner, squeaking and shaking, free of all traces of magic. They’d never been on one before, and were quite delighted. 
“Why don’t we have these back home?” Basil asked. “This is so much fun!” 
“I know! We must suggest this to Queen Shae - “ 
The council fell silent. Heads drooped, eyes filled with tears as they recalled the sudden demise of their Queen. 
“I’d forgotten.” 
“I suppose it was easier to ignore it than to deal with it.” 
“We’ll deal with it later.” 
“We’ll do just that.” 
Fairies were creatures of light and joy. They knew not of sadness nor grief. The Queen’s council had faced an exceptional amount of sorrow during their time, having witnessed the passing of two beloved monarchs. A fairy’s lifespan wasn’t eternal, but it was often meaningless to those around. Fairies didn’t usually form families nor tie knots of matrimony. They were solitary beings who lived in large social groups. Due to the fickle nature of fairies, the absence of one went unnoticed. This made death meaningless; if one didn’t matter, others felt no sorrow when death came to take its own. 
The elevator came to halt with a rattle and a shiver. Basil pushed open the gate that had kept them safe during the voyage, allowing them both to exit. 
“Should we send it back?” 
Jobe considered for a moment, and shook his head. “We’ll need it to return, I suppose.” 
The lower lever was darker and warmer from the higher one. It took a moment for the fairies’ eyes to adjust, such a long moment, in fact, that they considered using magic to improve their eyesight. That idea was discarded as they noticed the dim light oozing from the walls of the tree. It would be easier to boost that instead of altering their eyes. But before they could utter a single word of a wish, a voice spoke amidst the darkness. 
“Have you come to gloat? To mock?” 
The voice was unmistakably female. It was coming from the middle of the dark area, which wasn’t too large. Basil and Jobe stood still, allowing their eyes time to adjust, so that they wouldn’t accidentally walk into anyone. 
“No," Jobe answered though he wasn’t certain the voice was talking to them. “We’ve come out of curiosity.” 
Laughter from the centre of the small, secluded area. “Curiosity! We haven’t heard that word since…” The someone paused to think. As it continued, its voice was softer, smoothened by memories. “Since that fairy came to see us.” 
“The royal We," Jobe whispered loudly. “This must be their Queen.” 
“We should have asked for an audience, then," Basil whispered back, desperately hanging on to manners and proper etiquette. 
“Well it isn’t too late for that," Jobe decided, and took a step or two forward. He cleared his throat, and presented his version of the formal bow. “Your Majesty," he started, “we are representatives from above-the-ground, and we seek audience with Your Royalness.” 
“I thought it was Royal Highness," Basil whispered, also presenting the royal bow. 
“I was trying to save time, this position is not that comfortable.” 
A chuckle emanated form the being still hiding in the shrouds of darkness. “An audience, you say?” The chuckle turned into laughter which made the fairies shiver in fear. The sound grew larger and larger, and as it died, one word filled the chamber. 
“Granted.” 
Light spilled out of the walls of the chamber to fill the space, and the fairies could finally see clearly. 

*** 

After the initial state of panic filled with screams of terror and attempts to flee via the elevator had passed, the council had remembered its place. “One can get used to anything," they liked to say, and at this moment, they truly took that truth to the letter. The Queen’s council took a deep breath, forced fear back into hiding, and put on a brave face. 
The creature who had spoken to them wasn’t bound to the tree like they’d first thought; she was a part of the tree. Purple skin melted into the trees roots, branches grew out of where horns should have been. Had the being been fully incorporated into the tree, the council would have accepted it as a simple, undeniable fact. This, a half-consumed demon with twisted, malformed shape, was almost too much for them to take. 
Still, the council pretended. They plastered smiles upon their faces, summoned delicate chairs and tables and tea sets and trays of cucumber sandwiches, and settled down for a nice chat. 
Jobe rubbed his chin like he always did when he was thinking. The shape of his chin was different to what he was used to. Due to the situation he had been forced into, it seemed like the least of his problems. 
Starting a conversation was always the most challenging part of any interaction, the council had found. While words denied their help from Jobe, they rushed to aid Basil. 
“Would you tell us the story of the tree?” Basil asked, his head tilted to an angle that claimed he was truly interested. 
“Oh yes, please do," Jobe chimed in, surprised to notice his interest was genuine. “We have come to learn, after all.” 
The being examined them for a moment, studied their bright, eager faces before making a decision. A lifetime of mockery had taught it to doubt every kind word. “If you truly wish to know, I will tell.” 
The Demon Queen’s Tale

“They have a tree," a demon said to a crowd at its feet. “Big, tall. Is pretty. We need a tree.” 
The crowd made noises that varied from exited to bored to approving to mocking. Only a handful of the demons gathered understood what the one speaking meant. 
Demons weren’t smart like humans, or witty like fairies. They weren’t beautiful like Elves and Toleen, but they were obedient. Each of them served a master, or desired to. Freedom was feared among the demons: it was seen as an evil worse than death. A demon who worked was a happy demon, it was claimed. Free will was an abomination, and therefore, it was odd that a demon had an exquisite idea. 
A novel idea. 
An idea of its own. 
“A tree all for us.” 
The crowd disbanded, faded away. The one speaking had frightened others with its thoughts. 
A demon sat alone on a rock, thinking. 
It had seen a glimpse of the tree in the above-the-ground where its master had needed an item fetched. Master had instructed it to take a specific path, a path that led it past the above-ground levels of Fairyland. 
Magical veil had been thin that day, and the demon had seen through it, past it, into the forbidden land of fairies. 
It had seen bright colours that made it feel sick to its stomach, laughter and merriment and fruit sickeningly sweet, and a tree. 
The tree had made it forget the disgusting things that went on in Fairyland. It had erased everything in its mind, even the task master had sent it to fulfil. 
The demon had stared at the tree for a long time, until the sun set and rose again, until a new day arrived to weave the magical veil back to its full strength. 
As the tree faded from view, the demon awoke from its trance, and rushed to fetch what its master needed. 
The memory of the tree remained with it through scoldings and beatings and delightful whippings. The tree lingered like a mirage dancing in its view, just out of reach. The demon wanted nothing more than to see it again. 
It tried to ask its master about the tree, but received only a slap that made its ears ring. 
It knew something called information could be found in the books its master constantly read. Sadly, the demon didn’t know the meaning of letters. 
A memory was all it had, and slowly, the memory ripened into a dream. 
It wanted a tree of its own. A tree to grow in the middle of Demonland, a tree they could all dance and frolic around. 
“Demons don’t frolic," it muttered to itself now, perched upon a rock close to the empty centre of Demonland. “They lurch. Sulk. Hop sometimes. Frolic, no.” 
Demons lacked the ability to create, just like they lacked the ability to frolic. 
But something had changed in this one, something small yet profound. 
It had learned to dream, and with dreams, comes the desire to make them come true. 
“I will make a tree," it decided, and stood. 

*** 

Master’s errands took the demon close to Fairyland several times in the near future. It didn’t take long for the demon to learn to recognize the smell of the realm. 
Small animals resided there. The demon paid close attention to them. It noted how birds and mice disappeared behind a barrier of magic at certain spots, and appeared again at the same spots as they returned. 
Sometimes, animals carried nuts and seeds. 
An idea started to take shape in the demon’s mind. 
It would ask an animal for a favour. A single seed from the formidable tree. 
The plan was simple and effective, but the demon hadn’t taken its major flaw into consideration. 
Animals feared demons. Instead of listening to its plea, birds and mice ran from it, and hid. 
With its dream so close to coming true, the demon grew desperate. 
One day, it decided to use force instead of kind words. It ran after a mouse until it caught it. 
The demon held the mouse by the tail, and raised it so it could look deeply into the small critter’s eyes. 
“I want a seed," it said very clearly, “from the tree that grows in the middle of Fairyland. You will get me the seed.” 
The mouse wasn’t smart enough to argue. As the demon let it go, it ran toward the magical veil, and disappeared. 
Moments later, it returned, with a single seed in its mouth. 
The demon caught it again, allowing it to sit on its hand this time. It took the seed, and patted the mouse’s head. “Good job," it said, and let the mouse go. 
Confused, the mouse ran away. To this date, a story is told among its kin, a story about a brave mouse who escaped from the clutches of a demon. 
The seed was warm. It seemed to glow with a magical light. 
The demon closed its hand around it. 
Soon, it would live in the soil of Demonland, and grow into a beautiful tree. 

*** 

Night had fallen as the demon returned home. Sleep had taken those who lived in Demonland. Snores and snorts filled the air along with the foul smell of nightmares. 
The demon smiled a crooked smile. 
It was good to be home. 
Trying to move as quietly as it could so as not to disturb those who slept, it made its way to the centre of Demonland. There, it knelt to dig a small hole into the hard land. 
The seed was warm still as it pulled it out of a pocket. It glowed with a soft, magical light that made the demon want to conceal it between its hands. 
Light might disturb those who slept, alert them, bring them closer to examine the source of light. 
If they saw what it had, they would take it away. 
The demon worked quickly. 
It dropped the seed into the small hole, and covered it with dirt. 
It patted the soil, smoothened it to hide what it had done. 
This was to be a surprise, a gift to everyone who dwelled in this realm. 
“Grow," the demon whispered as it poured a cup of water over the disturbed soil. 
“Grow.” 

*** 

Master required things collected come dawn. The demon left the seed against its will; though the seed was buried, hidden by soil, it feared others might find it, and break it. Still, it left. Master’s needs were more important than its own. 
The demon tried to move as quickly as it could. It ran errands at the speed of a hyper-active squirrel, but night was already falling as it returned home. Master, it seemed, was never happy. The more the demon worked, the more tasks it was given. 
Demonland was quiet as it returned. No sounds of merriment greeted it. Drums weren’t played, songs weren’t croaked, meat wasn’t argued over. Demons were huddled together, in a wide ring, around the centre of Demonland. 
A cold hand of fear grasped the demon’s chest. They had found it. They had found the seed, and taken it. 
The demon rushed to the crowd, pushed through it, and saw something it hadn’t expected. 
A small, purple sprig growing from the cold, unforgiving soil. 
Demons were gathered around it, not to take and break, but to watch. 
Nothing grew in the realm. A plant choosing to take root here was nothing short of a miracle. 
“Back away," the demon said. “It needs air and light.” 
Obediently, the demons did as it asked. They shuffled a yard backwards, their eyes wide with wonder. “Are you the guardian?” they asked, “Do you watch over this plant?” 
The demon didn’t know. “I made this," it said softly, pouring a cup of water over the sprig. 
A gasp went through the crowd of demons. 
They didn’t make. 
As a race, they lacked the gift of creation. They couldn’t breed, produce, or cultivate. One of them claiming that gift for itself meant something, of that they were certain. 
But what was it? 
“You made this?” the crowd confirmed, and the small demon nodded its horned head. 
“I stole a seed from Fairyland, and planted it here. Now it’s growing.” It wanted to speak of its desire to create something beautiful for all demons to enjoy, but it lacked the words. 
“Created.” The word went through the crowd like wildfire. “Created, created.” 
It was repeated to the furthest edges of the realm, until all knew what had come to pass. 
Their kind had made something. 

*** 

Leaving to run errands for master was easier now that it knew the plant was safe. Demons would approach it during its absence, watch it, speak to it, but not touch it. Cups of water waited close by so the demon could easily water the fast-growing sapling, and gifts of food were left for the guardian itself. The demon was pleased. The tree wasn’t fully grown yet, and already it was doing something the demon had dreamed of. 
It was uniting Demonland to work for a single cause. 
The sapling grew, but soon it started to wither. 
The demon worried. 
It knew nothing of plants, or how they should be cared for. It had thought light and water were enough, but the sapling needed something more. 
“What is it?” the demon asked. “Tell me.” 
The plant remained silent. The demon had already learned that they couldn’t speak. 
The next day, the demon approached its master. 
“Master," it croaked, “need to ask.” 
The master was in a good mood, and listened. 
“How to care for plant?” 
Master didn’t laugh, mock, or hit. Instead, he was curious. “A plant? Since when do you have a plant?” 
“Two weeks, master," the demon answered dutifully. “I put seed in soil. It grow. First plant is fine. Now wilting. What need doing?” 
Still, no laughter, no blows to the head though the demon shrunk in anticipation. Instead, the master seemed to be thinking. 
“Plants require fresh water and sunlight," he said. The demon nodded. This it already knew, and did its best to provide. “But along with that, they need rich soil.” 
“Rich?” Images of gold and jewels danced in the demon’s mind. It didn’t have such wealth: all it had were the rags it wore, and a dying plant. 
“Yes, rich in minerals and nutrients. You see, plants don’t eat like you and me. They suck life from the earth through a delicate system of roots. If the soil is low in the nutrients it needs, it cannot live.” 
The demon sighed in relief. “How get nutrient?” 
“Usually, plants only take to fertile land. As animals drop their waste or die, insects break up this organic matter to enrich the soil. Plants, as they grow, nourish on this matter.” 
“Flesh," the demon repeated, thoughtfully. “And dung.” 
“Quite correct," master said, pleased that his demon showed signs of intelligence. “Now run along. I have need of the gold you are to claim.” 
The demon rushed to carry out its duties with master’s words kept close to its heart, ripening into a solid plan. 
If the plant required organic matter to thrive, the demon would deliver it. 
No matter what it took. 

*** 

Night was falling as it rushed back to the only thing that now mattered to it. 
The sapling lay on the ground, dry and sad like dreams of past. It was dying. The demon lacked knowledge of creation, but death it did know. The small tree was plagued with it, the scent of rot and corruption. 
“I will not let you," the demon whispered, and pulled out a small knife. It had stolen it from master while his back was turned. If master found out, the demon would pay for the crime with its life. It didn’t care any more: the plant was more important. 
The small blade gathered soft light, condensed it into a single beam as it sliced through flesh. 
Blood, black and sour, poured out onto the roots of the sapling. 
The demon curled up next to it, small blade clutched to hand like a toy. 
“Live," it pleaded. 

*** 

The demon woke up to the sounds of a crowd, to a strange feeling in its body. 
It didn’t want to open its eyes. It was comfortable, and felt lazy. It wanted to remain here forever, cradled in the loving embrace of a mother it had never known. 
It tried to return to the safety of sleep, but voices kept it awake. 
“It’s a miracle," demons all around whispered. “Creation," they repeated. “Life.” 
The demon opened its eyes. 
As it had fallen asleep, the world had laid on its side. Now, it stood upright. 
The demon didn’t quite understand what had happened. 
“Guardian!” the demons exclaimed, and the demon gathered they meant it. 
It was the guardian. 
It looked around to find the tree, the small, dying sapling it had fallen to sleep next to. 
It reached out for it, but couldn’t move. 
As it looked at its hands, it saw what had changed. 
The sapling no longer stood alone, nor was it a sapling. It had grown during the night, turned into a small, purple tree. 
And it had taken the demon with it. 
Like all life, the tree required nourishment. As the soil in Demonland was cold and scarce, unable to provide for it, the tree had taken what it was given. 
It had reached for the demon who willingly offered its blood, grown branches to embrace it, encase it, and made it a part of itself. 
The demon was now a part of the tree, just like the tree was a part of it. 
Together, they stood in the centre of Demonland while a crowd gathered around them to watch, their eyes filled with wonder. 
“Creation," they whispered, in awe. 
Chapter Nine 

Tea had grown cold. The council didn’t notice it. They sipped from cups delicate and frail, their demon-hands clumsy around the ears, without noticing the coldness, the bitter aftertaste. Sandwiches dried on a three-tier rack while they listened, and as the tale ended, the tea tasted of tears. 
“The demons you met on your way here," the Queen continued, her voice hoarse from so much speaking, “are all slaves, just like me. We live to serve. It is the only purpose of our existence.” 
“Do you wish to be free?” Basil asked. He’d set down his cup, disappointed in the way it refused to sit comfortably in his hand. 
The Queen didn’t have to consider. “No," she said. “A demon is happy only when it serves. It wouldn’t know what to do with freedom. It would become depressed, its life would seem pointless. Before long, it would die.” 
“So no liberation of the demons, got it.” 
“How about working conditions?” Jobe asked in turn. “Perhaps if the demons were paid for the services?” 
This time, the Queen took a moment to think. This idea hadn’t been presented to her before. “Slavery has always marked the existence of demons," she said. “And so it shall always be. We are servants, not paid workers.” 
“Isn’t there anything we can do?” 
“There is one thing that would please me," the Queen suggested. 
“Anything," Jobe promised. 
“Well, within reason, that is," Basil rushed to cut in. “We are, after all, only messengers, and we currently don’t even have anyone to speak for.” 
The Queen didn’t let this bother her. “We wish to live in peace," she spoke. “Among ourselves, and also with fairies.” 
The council cocked their heads. “Peace?” they asked in unison. 
Fairies and demons hadn’t co-existed in harmony since a succubus had seduced King Florian, and Queen Dey declared them enemies of Fairyland. Since that day, an unspoken law had ruled their relations. A demon wasn’t welcome in Fairyland, nor was a fairy to set foot in Demonland. 
The terms had been broken on both sides, the council realized, by them as they ventured into Demonland, and by demons as one of their own took over the throne of Fairyland. Without negotiations, a war would break out, and no-one truly wanted that. 
Not even the monarch of Fairyland. 
“Peace does sound like a nice option," the council decided. “But how do we go about this? It’s not like we can just shake hands, and settle the affair.” 
The Queen didn’t think long. The council assumed she’d had lots of time to ponder, being bound to a tree for centuries without anyone to talk to. “Ambassadors," she said, “should be chosen from both sides to live as one of the opposing race.” 
The council grabbed each other’s hands. “I hope this doesn’t mean us!” they cried, regretting their words as soon as they left their mouths. “We mean, this is a nice place, but… but it’s just not for us!” 
The Queen uttered a strange sound. It took a moment for the council to understand she was laughing. “No, not you. The Queen’s council is needed elsewhere, especially if the old monarch plans to return.” 
“How could she?” the council interrupted. “She’s dead.” 
The Queen ignored them. “We have someone else in mind. Someone far better fitted for the task.” 
The council sighed in relief, though curiosity took over soon after. “Who is it?” they asked. “Who will live down here with you?” 
“Like for the monarch of fairies, also for the Queen of demons, time will run out. 
“As a new monarch rises, the old one prepares to die. 
“My essence will be one with the tree for all times, but soon, a new ruler will take my place. 
“A ruler born of fairy-blood.” 
“Azán!” This time, the council was quick to understand. “But how will we part him from the throne he currently has?” 
“That is not for you to do, little ones.” 
“Actually, we’re not that little. On the fairy scale of things, we are above the average in height.” 
“And weight.” 
The Queen’s council seemed quite upset over this understatement. They crossed their arms across their chests, and pouted, though the Queen had more to say. 
“Your monarch, the one you call Shaela, has entered the World of the Dead before her time," the Queen continued, re-captivating the council’s interested. 
“The what now, you say?” Jobe asked. “World of the who?” 
“She must return to live in the above-ground. The restoration of peace depends upon her, and her alone.” 
The Queen closed her eyes. She hadn’t spoken this many words in all her lifetime. The ordeal had exhausted her, and she needed to rest. The council’s question went to unhearing ears, endless as they seemed. 

*** 

“What should we do now, then?” Basil asked. The elevator had returned them to the ground-level where demons had quieted down for the night. Everyone slept, rather noisily, around them, reminding them of how long it had been since they last slept. 
“If it were up to me, I would say we conjure up some beds, and get a good night’s sleep before we do anything, but I got the feeling we might be tied for time," Jobe said. 
“I don’t understand what we’re supposed to do," Basil sighed. 
“Me neither, but we must do something.” 
“Could we do that thing Queen Shaela does? Paint in the air and look into other worlds?” 
“I think it’s called ‘spying’ and no, we can’t. That kind of magic is forbidden from us.” Jobe looked around to make certain no-one was eavesdropping before whispering loudly. “It’s human magic. Fairies can’t use it.” 
“Oh," Basil exclaimed like he truly understood. “I see.” After a moment of pondering, he continued. “Couldn’t we just do it our way?” 
“What, ask magic to tell us what to do?” 
Basil nodded eagerly. 
“That, my friend, would be cheating.” Jobe nodded too, to empathize his words. Taking the easy way out was out of the question. It would be just too – easy. 
“What, then?” 
Jobe waved his finger around in the air, making a padded chair appear. He sat, giving a loud sigh as his lower back cracked and  popped multiple times. Old age rarely crept up on fairies. It was the lifestyle of leisure that had made Jobe’s back sore. 
“We shall take a small break to ponder," he declared solemnly, “to find out what it is we need to do.” 
“Fine then," Basil said, waving his own finger around in the air. A plush armchair appeared for him to sit in. “But I’m not that happy about it.” 
Chapter Ten

One of Azán’s long legs swung over the armrest of his throne. He was bored. 
Being a monarch wasn’t at all what he had pictured it to be. No fairy grovelled at his feet, no ambassador brought him gifts of splendour, no concubine offered him her pleasures to indulge in. 
All he had was a throne, and an empty court. 
“Where is everyone?” he asked Alaene who sat at a window staring out at the empty plaza below them. Her fingers tore at the purple ivys Shaela had chosen to decorate the windowsills with. “I thought fairies were abundant, especially here.” 
“They’ve fled," Alaene said, her voice soft and dreamy, “hidden from the face of a demon child that rules over them.” 
Azán spat. “They were happy as I released them from their dictator. Happy and free.” 
“Perhaps. But now they’ve hidden.” 
“I’ll make them come out.” Azán stood. He was as tall as a human, taller than Alaene. An average fairy reached his knee. 
In a kingdom of tiny creatures, he was a giant, careless and crude, stomping over what his subjects held dear. 

*** 

Small fires smouldered in the Fairy Queen’s court. Fire had never before been seen here. Fairies lived on fruit and nectar: fire wasn’t needed for cooking. As seasons never changed in Fairyland, summer’s warmth embraced them. When fairies got cold, they slept in piles under large leaves. Fire had no place among fae folk. 
As a demon’s spawn took the throne, fire arrived to Fairyland. Bonfires burned high on the first night. As they dwindled and died, embers were carried away, into the abodes fairies lived in. Small fires were built, and kept with care as new rule forced fairies to change against their wills. 
Fruit grew large now without hungry hands reaching for them. Instead of abundant fruit, fairies feasted on flesh. Insects and small animals fell victim to greedy hands. Small fires roasted skewered meat, teeth were filed sharp to better tear through tendon. 
Under the rule of a demon, fae turned wicked. 
Fairies of all shapes and sizes hid in the shadows of Fairyland like small predators under the smiling sun. They didn’t know what to make of their new world, the new taste of life, but they knew one thing. 
They liked it. 

*** 

“There he is," a fairy whispered. Her eyes were bright blue, with hair to match. Translucent wings stood at a stance, ready to lift her to the air. 
“The King.” His voice was mocking as he hissed out the word. 
Fairies lurked behind a tall trees’ branch, hidden from view. No creature could reach invisibility, but fairies knew how to hide. As beings both small and magical, they were easy prey for those who wanted charms or a novel source of light. Hiding was an easy way to stay alive. 
“Should we attack?” a third fairy asked. This one was smaller than the rest, clad in shades of yellow and green. The others called her Daffodil, since she matched the flower in both colouring and shape. “He’s big, but we are many.” She bared her teeth, sharp and white, to hiss at the King. 
Wings fluttered as the fairies contemplated. “He is too large for us to take down," one of them spoke  in an angry tone, like it was the King’s fault that he was too big for fairies to eat. “A direct attack will result in injuries, even death.” 
“What does death matter?” another fairy asked. “We all die someday, this might as well be that day!” 
The bright blue one held him back. “Death comes in due time, whether we seek it or not. I say we wait until we are greater in numbers.” 
“If we are a swarm, we can take him.” 
“A swarm instead of the flock we are now.” 
Fairies lowered their heads as the monarch’s strides brought him closer. When they kept perfectly still, it was easy enough to mistake them for flowers. 
The monarch didn’t pause to wonder why an elm blossomed with daffodils, forget-me-nots, and pansies. He strode past the tree, frowning, like he was looking for something he’d misplaced. 
“Someday soon," the fairies whispered, “we will be a swarm.” 

*** 

“What do you intend to do with this?” Alaene asked. She’d left her post by the window, and joined Azán as he strolled through his new kingdom. “How do you plan to guide your subjects?” 
“First of all, I will make certain they all have a roof over their heads, and rewarding work to fill their days," Azán answered, the tone of his voice indicating his words a jest. 
Alaene laughed obediently. “Such wit," she praised. “But truly, how will you proceed?” 
Azán shrugged. King-hood had come upon him with little warning. He hadn’t had time to prepare, let alone plan for the future. “I have no plan. And it seems I have no subjects to rule over.” 
Alaene scoffed, and reached out a cruel hand. As she pulled it back from behind a branch, it held a struggling fairy. “These things are experts in hiding. They haven’t disappeared, they’re just playing hide and seek.” She handed the fairy to Azán who held it in his hand like an insect. 
“I see.” His grip was relentless. As it grew tighter, the fairy’s struggles faded. 
“This would be a nice place, you know, for those who live below-ground," Alaene purred, leaning on his arm. 
“You mean demons.” 
“They have been hiding in the shadows for far too long.” 
“I don’t think these pastel-coloured creatures will appreciate us bringing in hordes of demons.” He let the fairy go, but instead of flying away, it bit his thumb. 
“You’re their King. You don’t need to ask them anything.” Alaene slapped the fairy to chase it away. It left, screaming insults at both of them. 
“I suppose you’re right," Azán said, eyes following the pink fairy who’d managed to take a chunk of flesh with it. “These things surely need some discipline.” 
“Picture it," Alaene urged, “this whole realm crowded with our kind. Purple, horned, evil.” 
A smile crept out to twist Azán’s mouth into a vicious grin. “That would result in a war," he claimed. 
“So be it.” 
“War. Is there a word sweeter.” 
“Only your name, my heart.” 
They linked arms as they continued to stroll around the realm demons would soon soil. 

*** 

“A war!” the pink fairy who had bit the King’s thumb cried. “A war is coming!” 
Fairies within hearing distance crept out of their hidey-holes, ears propped to catch the slightest sound. “War? What war?” they asked. 
“They want to bring demons to take over our land!” the pink one screamed. 
“Demons! In Fairyland?” Fairies were bursting in from all around now. News travelled fast among fae folk, and bad news were even quicker to spread. Like a virus word rushed from mouth to ear to mouth, attracting fairies to gather around the pink one whose mouth was still stained with the King’s blood. 
“A war will break out at any minute!” she yelled to anyone willing to listen. “Demons will come to take over! The King said so himself!” 
She straightened herself to portray the bravery of her actions. “And then, I bit him!” 
Fairies all around cheered. No-one had ever bitten a monarch before. 
“What did he taste like?” fairies asked. “Was his blood warm or cold?” “How hard did you have to bite to pierce it?” “Did you swallow the piece you bit out?” “Can we do it, too?” “Will you guide us?” 
The pink one ignored the commotion her feat had sparked. War against demons was more important than the taste of the King’s flesh. 
“We must arm ourselves!” she cried. “We must forge weapons in order to defend our realm!” 
Fairies didn’t work, therefore, Fairyland was free of sharp and pointy objects such as knives and pitchforks. They weren’t oblivious to the concept, though. Even fairies knew of blades and arrows: their only problem was finding them. With magic as their ally, fairies set to work. Small knives were conjured up, forks filed to suit the purpose of demon-stabbing, fallen branches sharpened to serve as stakes. 
Before long, everyone in Fairyland, large or small, held a weapon to suite their taste. 
Chapter Eleven

“Should we return then?” Jobe asked, scratching his chin. The skin he wore was itchier than his ordinary one, and he couldn’t wait to be rid of it. 
“Return where?” Basil seemed preoccupied, and Jobe resisted the urge to slap him on the head. 
“Fairyland, you fool. Home.” 
“I don’t think we have a home now," Basil said in a contemplative tone. “But we do need to return. We need to make peace happen.” After a moment of pondering, he added: “Somehow.” 
“Also, we need to find out how Shaela can live in our world again.” 
“Oh yes, there’s that.” 
Forcing peace between demons and fairies seemed like a small issue compared to raising the dead to walk once more in the mortal realm. Basil and Jobe sighed in perfect sync. “Where do we start?” 
“We’ll start from Shaela," Jobe decided. “We need a way to bring her back.” 
“How do we do that?” 
“How do we do what?” The question held too much context. It made Jobe’s head spin, and served to remind him of all the meals they’d missed during their adventure in Demonland. To remedy the situation, he brought forth a plate of assorted fruit for them to share along with a bowl full of pickled elderberries. 
“How do we find a way?” Basil defined, reaching for a piece of apple. Jobe could hear his stomach howling, and decided to add a gooseberry pie to the mix. “I mean, we don’t have anyone to ask, now do we?” 
“Well," Jobe pondered, chewing on a slice of peach, “there is that demon-lady who seems to know her way around magic, but, to be quite honest, she scares me.” 
“I think she scares everyone.” 
“So I do believe we need to resort to what Queen Shaela always does when she needs to know something.” 
“What’s that?” 
“Reading.” 
Basil let out an exaggerated moan. “That’s like the worst thing!” 
“I know," Jobe agreed. “But we don’t have much choice.” 
“Fine then. We’ll return to the library, and figure this out.” 
Jobe reached for an elderberry before speaking out his mind. The thought forming in his head was too scary to be let out with an empty stomach. 
“The library in Fairyland, extensive as it may be," he started, “might not be equipped for a situation like the one we have at hand.” 
“You do know that you use more words as you get more nervous.” 
Jobe gave Basil a sideways glance. “Of course I know that.” He carefully picked out another elderberry before continuing. “It might be possible that we need a collection wider and broader. 
“A collection drawn together by one of them grey-bearded humans Shaela told us stories of.” 
“You mean dwarves?” Basil asked, helpfully. 
“No, you fool, wizards! I mean wizards.” 
“Oh I see," Basil said. “They’re the ones with pointy hats and dresses.” 
“Yes, exactly. To go with the snappy outfits, they all have a collection of books.” 
“I see," Basil said, though he very clearly did not. His face was stained with elderberry juice and he seemed very pleased about the alcoholic content of said snack. 
“The only problem is that wizards are a little bit extinct.” 
“That does make things difficult for us.” Basil hiccuped, staring sadly into the vast emptiness which had, until quite recently, held a quantity of elderberries. “I wish we had more," he said, giving the air a little stir with his right index finger. The bowl he held filled itself with elderberries. 
“The library of one, though, should still exist.” Jobe paused only to note Basil wasn’t giving him proper attention. He reached for the bowl, claiming it for himself. “Did you eat all of these?” he asked. “We have talked about sharing.” 
“Now, the library," Jobe continued, having claimed both the attention he craved and the elderberries. “Queen Shaela’s friend, the demon lady everyone fears, used to live in a castle. Remember the one that had a nice prison?” 
“Ah yes, the one we escaped.” 
“That’s the one. That castle used to belong to a Wizard. And his things are still there.” 
It took a moment for Basil to follow. “His things… and his books!” 
“Exactly! I say we travel to that castle, and see if his library holds the information we require.” 
“You say we go to the castle of the scary demon lady?” Basil asked, just to make certain. 
“Yes.” 
A shrug followed this confirmation. “It’s the best plan we have," Basil said. 
“It’s the only plan we have," Jobe corrected. 
“Whichever way, I approve.” 
“I suppose we should wear our demon-guise a bit longer, then.” 
“That might be smart, given that her castle is riddled with demons.” 

Chapter Twelve

“Can you smell that?” Jobe asked. His voice was a loud whisper, though the hall was empty. They didn’t want to draw attention to themselves. Whispering was the best way to remain unnoticed, they’d learned. 
“It’s almost like…” Basil sniffed the air, “… cinnamon.” 
“Cardemon for me, but close enough. That’s the smell of human magic.” 
“Queen Shaela smells the same," Basil remarked. “I thought it was a perfume.” 
“L’eau de Magie.” 
“Le what now?” 
Jobe rolled his eyes. “It was a joke based on languages," he explained. 
“I though we only spoke one.” 
“Let’s just find the library.” 
The castle upon Wizard’s Peak hadn’t been built according to a plan. The wizard who had lived there long before magic fled from the Universe, had added to the castle on a whim, based on his needs. It had hidden wings, chambers concealed with magic, towers that seemed to hold no purpose. Without knowing where to go, one could roam the castle for decades, never finding what they were looking for. 
To avoid this fate, the Queen’s council beckoned magic to guide them. Fingers were waived and wishes spoken out in order to find the fastest possible route to the library. Magic heard their wish, and granted them a small orb of light that flickered before them like a stray pixie. 
“How delightful," Basil remarked. “It’s almost like home!” 
“Almost, but not quite. Don’t forget, we’re in the enemy’s headquarters.” 
“I thought we were striving for peace.” 
“We are, but they don’t know that.” 
Bare feet slapped against the stone tiles of a long corridor as the council followed a bright, flickering light that bounced before them, guiding them onward through a maze of stairways and hallways and window-lined aisles. They met few others and no incidents along the way; the demons who passed them either paid them no mind, or greeted them with a nod. The Queen’s council congratulated each other on the choice of disguise as they made their way deeper into the castle, tails flopping from side to side, small horns polished to a bright, inviting shine. 

*** 

“This must be it," Basil whispered as they peered into a large chamber filled with endless bookshelves. “Looks very much like a library," Jobe whispered back. “And from what I can tell, no-one’s here.” 
“If demons are as illiterate as us fairies, I suppose we shan’t meet anyone.” 
“We should still be careful.” 
“Of course, but not overly so.” 
The council left their hiding place at the doorway to enter the shadows of the library. 
“Have you ever wondered why libraries are always so dark?” Jobe asked. “Wouldn’t light be welcome in a place where one studies books?” 
“I would have pondered over the same thing if I was smart like you," Basil said, making Jobe blush at the sudden compliment. “Should we use the same spells as before?” 
“Let’s. It is the easiest way to find out what we need.” 
“Imagine being human and actually having to read through all of these," Basil said. This led both fairies into an uncontrollable fit of laughter. 
Once cackles and howls turned into trickles of giggles and tear-swiping, might was called for aid once more. The council settled in to wait as magic waded through countless volumes of ancient knowledge. To avoid being uncomfortable and bored, they brought forth soft chairs, a gaming table, and a variety of snacks and beverages. 

*** 

After a time that felt approximately like two weeks to the fairies, a book fell on top the table which currently house a game of checkers. Black and red pawns slid and fell, making it impossible to tell who was winning. 
“How impolite," Basil snapped at the book. “You could have waited a moment!” 
“I don’t think it can speak," Jobe said, slurring only slightly. The ale they had summoned wasn’t that strong, but they had both knocked back quite a few pints of it while waiting. Due to that, telling who was winning had become somewhat challenging even before the book arrived to seal the deal. 
Jobe picked up the book. The material of its covers felt strangely familiar to his hands. Warm and soft, almost like - 
“Ew!” he exclaimed, tossing the book from him, backing away from it like it was a venomous snake. “Ew, ew, ew!” 
“What is it?” Basil asked. He had followed Jobe’s example, and stood now on his toes, back against the wall, trying to make himself as small as possible. “What are we hating?” 
“The book!” Jobe cried. “It’s made of skin!” 
“Animal skin?” Basil wanted to confirm. 
“No, human!” 
“Ew!” 
Fairies didn’t kill. All life was just as sacred to them. Wearing the skins of animals filled them with disgust; they fashioned their clothes from leaves and flower petals, or sheer magic. A book bound in human skin was an abomination to the Queen’s council. Having to touch it was worse than facing their worst nightmares. 
“We need to open it," Basil said after the initial shock had worn off. “You do it, you’re older.” 
“No, you do it, you’re stronger.” 
After a moderate amount of bickering, they decided arguing would solve nothing. 
“We’ll just have magic turn the pages," Jobe decided. 
“Good idea," Basil agreed. “Magic’s immaterial, it won’t mind.” 
As the pages turned seemingly untouched, the fairies crept closer. Images and words drawn in dark ink were enchanting, inciting, and they wanted to see more. As the pages stopped, they were close enough to stick their noses right on the pages. 
“Look, here," Jobe said, pointing out the incantation. “It says we need to work quickly; someone who’s entered the World of the Dead, whatever that may be, can only return until the third hour of the third day after their passing.” 
“How much time has passed?” 
“I have no idea, but since we are fairies and therefore lucky, I suppose we have plenty of it left.” 
“That’s good to know. Go on, read the rest!” 
Jobe returned to the book. “It says here, we need to speak this spell over the body of the deceased in order to bring them back. And they need to speak the same words at… an altar?” 
Basil nodded, not to confirm since the word was foreign to him as well, but to encourage Jobe to continue. 
“In the World of the Dead in order to return. And they must do other things there as well.” 
“Do we need to worry about that?” 
Jobe paused to consider. “I think we do, but since there is no way we can reach Queen Shaela, I say we ignore that bit.” 
“That sounds like a good and solid plan. Go on!” 
“After all spells and incantations and what-nots have been spoken, the way is cleared for a fading heartbeat. If the one needing to return hasn’t done so during that time, they will forever be locked in the World of the Dead.” Jobe nodded his head. “So now we know.” 
“We are imbued with information.” 
“I rather like this feeling. Is this the way humans feel after studying?” 
“I suppose it must be.” 
“Perhaps we’ll pick this up as a hobby.” 
Basil agreed. “Speaking of picking up, do we take the book with?” 
Jobe looked at the book, carefully weighing all aspects. “I suppose we must. I have no recollection of what we just read.” 
“Me neither.” 
“Who’s going to carry it?” 
“Not me.” 
“Not me, either.” 
“We’ll let magic do the dirty work.” 
With the book bound in dark, soft skin floating between them, the council beckoned magic to whisk them back to Fairyland. 
Chapter Thirteen

“To entice war, we must gather an army.” 
Azán laughed. “An army of demons?” 
“Demons are loyal to a fault.” 
“They’re also clumsy, cowardly, and weak.” 
“We can use magic to strengthen them.” Alaene turned back from the window she’d grown fond of. Fairyland had changed much from when she first entered it; colourful flowers had wilted, evergreen shrubs had turned brown. Death and decay had taken over the land. This pleased Alaene, seeing the realm she wished to rule turn to dust. 
“What about your army?” she asked. “As an Incubus Lord, you are to sire an army of offspring to rule over.” 
“I thought Fairyland was enough to rule over.” Azán placed his leg over another. His eyes avoided Alaene’s, like they’d done often during the past days. 
“One must aim high.” 
“I suppose we could have both," he said without enthusiasm, “a land of fairies to rule over, and an army of our own creation to subdue mortals.” 
“I offer you a lifetime of carnal pleasures, and you aren’t thrilled?” Alaene was genuinely surprised. A child created for one purpose alone, unaffected by his fate? She felt betrayed, like she’d failed in her mission to subdue all of the Universe to demon-rule. “Is this your fae-blood talking? Or are you just…” She spat out the word like a curse. 
“Weak.” 
Azán left his chair faster than a mortal eye could register, to close a hard hand around Alaene’s throat. His eyes didn’t avoid hers now. Instead, they pierced hers in a fury of false accusation. 
“If I am weak, mother," he hissed, and the word ‘mother’ was like slander, “it is your fault for choosing a half-breed to carry me!” 
Laughter filled the throne room as he pushed Alaene away. “Rage, anger! Just what I want to see!” 
“I’m glad you can’t bear children of your own," Azán said, his voice cold and cruel, “if this is your conception of motherhood.” 
Demon-magic followed the same principal rules as that of fairies; with a waved finger and a wish thought of hard enough, a powerful being born of demon-blood could conjure up anything. Though lesser demons had little access to magic and the joys it granted, those with real power could use it to fulfil any desire. 
Azán, blessed with the gift of mixed blood, could command magic in various ways. He could speak spells like a mortal, and summon might on a whim like a fairy. In anger, he relied on the whimsical ways of fae. He snapped an order, moved his hand through the air, leaving a dark cloud of vapour behind as he vanished from the realm. 
Alaene walked slowly to the mist. Her hand reached for it, closed around nothing. Vapour spilled out through her fingers, like plans of a bold future. Still, she laughed. 
“A rule of demons," she smiled, “for mortal and fae alike.” 

*** 

The taste of the first soul was forgotten, lost, and so was the face of the one who’d owned it. Azán could recall only the thrill of devouring it, the fading moment of existing as two instead of one. 
Fairyland was warm, welcoming, ever-green. The realms outside it were riddled with seasons changing. Here, the first place that had come to Azán’s mind, the place he’d escaped to, winter was just releasing its grasp. The world was filled with the babble of dripping water, the scent of melting snow. First green buds reached out to taste sunlight, animals peered out from their caves to smell the warming air. 
The bliss made Azán gag. He longed for the solace he’d found in Alaene’s castle, in the balcony overlooking the world that spread itself open for him to enjoy. Being there, above and beyond it all, he’d felt safe, content. 
At peace. 
He was not, nor did he wish to be, a part of this, a mortal world filled with foul scents and sunlight, and noisy things demanding attention. He was born of royal blood, and as such, a noble, he felt entitled to a life of seclusion. 
What Alaene suggested filled him with disgust. After the first soul, he longed for more, at the same time knowing mortal pleasures could never bring him what he wanted. Flesh was weak, a vessel for energy even weaker. What Azán wanted was unity with a being of equal strength, so they could exist as one, enjoying thoughts and ideas spilling from a soul linked with another. 
He scratched the back of his ear, warm sunlight on his skin. Alaene wanted him to take souls, to ensure the world would be overwhelming with her kind. 
“The only issue," Azán spoke to himself, “in her master plan is that I am no demon. You have tested my blood, if you’ll recall. The flame was far from purple.” 
Though Alaene had spilled a generous amount of demon-magic to bring Azán forth, there wasn’t a drop of demon-blood coursing through his veins. He was born of mortal men, and a woman half fae. The offspring he would produce would he like him; part mortal, part fae, perhaps blessed with gifts of might. 
His children would live and die believing to be nothing but mere mortals. They would enjoy their lives, rising to high positions among their kind, and leave behind a legacy for their children. 
Alaene would be displeased to see them, Azán knew. She would be disappointed, angry, even, and wouldn’t hesitate to take it out on him. 
“No matter what I do, I must face her wrath," Azán said to the forest around him. He picked a peach from a tree, hoping its sweet flesh would lift his spirits. “I cannot find a way to please both her, and myself.” 
Chapter Fourteen

The Portal allowed them into a small chamber Shaela had liked to take her meals in. “Hungry?” Basil asked. “A little," Jobe admitted. “All those sweet things made me hanker after a broccoli pie.” 
“That’s just nasty," Basil claimed. “I’d rather prefer one with tomatoes.” 
“Sun-dried?” 
“Regular ones, fresh and plump.” 
“Mozzarella?” 
“Only if the cow gave milk willingly.” 
“I’ll see to that.” 
Though fairies preferred a diet of fruit, certain animal products were enjoyed as special treats. Cheese was one of them. If milk was offered as a gift, fairies saw no fault in consuming it. 
It didn’t take long for the pie to appear, nor to disappear. Few things in the known Universe matched the greed of fae-folk. 
“That was delicious," Jobe praised. 
“Certainly hit the spot.” 
“I suppose we should retire now.” 
“Weren’t we in a hurry?” 
“Oh yes.” Reminded of duties, the council spent a moment venting frustration by kicking the legs of the table they sat at. 
“We could take a nap at the funeral chamber," Jobe suggested. 
“What if we sleep past the time incantations are needed?” 
“We’ll ask a bird to wake us up.” 
With the book still floating in between them, fairies left the chamber they’d enjoyed so many meals with Queen Shaela. Still clad in demon-guise, they peeked to the corridor to see if the coast was clear. 
“I don’t see anyone," Basil whispered. 
“Me neither," Jobe confirmed. 
The corridor appeared different from the small chamber. Lights had gone out, leaving the halls dark, ominous somehow. They saw small fires burning in the corners, along the branches. Flowers had wilted, died, leaves had turned brown and dull. 
No-one flew here. The aisles and hallways that had once been full of bright, colourful life were empty and silent. 
“Do you think it’s true?” Basil asked softly. 
“Do I think what is true?” 
“There’s an old saying," Basil continued, his eyes those of a dreamer staring into another world. “Every time you pick a flower, a fairy dies. Do you think it’s true?” 
Jobe stood very still part from his tail that was twitching from side to side like the one of a nervous cat. “It can’t be," he decided promptly. “Have you considered the amount of flowers humans pick just to decorate their heads?” 
“There aren’t very many of us in the Universe. What if…” 
“What if there were more. Before.” 
“Before humans picked so many flowers to decorate their heads.” 
They stared into each others’ eyes, reaching over the book to hold hands. “It can’t be so," they whispered. “It just can’t.” 
The thought lingered as they snuck onward, with soft little steps, almost soundless in surroundings both familiar and foreign. 
“What if…” Basil continued. “What if all of our friends are gone because the flowers died.” 
“Please don’t say such things," Jobe beckoned. “This is hard enough as it is!” 
They were interrupted by a flower pod that hit Jobe hard on the shoulder. “Ow!” he exclaimed. “What on earth…” As he bent to pick up the pod the give it a closer look, another one hit his back. It was followed by a storm of others, and screams that sounded quite bloodthirsty to the Queen’s council. 
“Demons!” small voices cried. “The enemy is here!” 
“Death to all demons!” 
“Fairyland is ours!” 
The rain of flower pods ended just as quickly as it had begun. Voices were silenced, as though their owners were considering the effect they’d had. 
“What is this?” Basil asked, surprised rather than angry. A tiny spear flew out from a bush nearby. It grazed his cheek, drawing blood. 
“We’d better run," Jobe said. “This feels like an ambush.” 
“How do you even know what an ambush is?” 
Jobe shrugged. “Must have picked it up from a story.” 
More spears followed the first one. Fearing a shower would turn into another storm, the council fled, running as fast as they could on their stompy demon legs. 

*** 

“What do you think that was?” Basil asked as they’d reached the solace of Shaela’s funeral chamber. “Have you ever seen fairies act that way?” 
“Never," Jobe admitted. “I didn’t even know that was possible.” 
“Well, at least now we know they aren’t dead due to flower-picking.” 
“That is a relief.” 
Jobe scratched his head right behind a horn. “What do you think sparked this violent outburst?” he asked. “Could it have been something we did?” 
“They were yelling ‘death to all demons’ and such. ‘Fairyland belongs to us’, I think someone said.” 
Jobe’s fingers moved to scratch his chin which housed an enviable boil. As Basil looked closely, he could almost make out the outlines of a tiny demon waiting to be born. 
“Perhaps they’re confusing us with - “ 
Jobe held out his hands in front of him, turned them around to see them from all angles. “Listen, I have an idea. This might sound crazy, but… do you think it’s possible we’re still wearing disguises?” 
Basil leaned in closer to see Jobe’s hands. “To tell the truth, quite honestly, it’s become difficult to tell. It’s like being purple is only natural.” 
“A tail is useful for grabbing things.” 
“And wings shouldn’t really be used for flying. They’re just for decoration. Right?” 
“Right.” Jobe rubbed his chin. “I think we should do something about this.” 
“About what?” 
“About us turning into demons!” 
Basil frowned. “Are you certain? I’m starting to rather enjoy this.” 
“Quite certain.” 
As magic stripped them of purple skin, horns, and tails, the council patted their heads and bellies ensure they were, once again, fae. Wings were stretched and fluttered, hands closely examined. 
“I do miss the tail," Jobe sighed. “There was something very practical about it.” 
“I miss the horns," Basil sighed in turn. “But being able to fly again is rather nice.” 
“That it truly is.” 
Might had lain the book upon the edge of the bed where Shaela’s body rested. It was closed, but the council didn’t wonder how to open it again. Magic would do their bidding when they needed it to. The book failed to grasp their attention, but the corpse of their Queen didn’t. 
“She looks so…," Basil started, failing to find anything more to say. 
“Peaceful," Jobe tried to help. 
“I was aiming for ‘dead’, I think," Basil sighed. “It’s so hard to believe she’s gone.” 
“If all goes according to plan, she’ll soon return.” 
“That’s what worries me, actually," Basil said. “I haven’t dared say anything before, but… isn’t this dangerous? Shouldn’t the dead be allowed to be just that? Dead.” 
“I suppose," Jobe said. He reached to push aside a curl that had fallen out of place. They’d prepared Shaela for death hastily; though she was beautiful to look at, her council wished they’d taken more time to perfect her appearance. 
“I suppose so," he repeated, “but there is an exception to everything. Perhaps this is it.” 
“I feel this isn’t right.” 
“But it is what we are supposed to do," Jobe decided. “If we weren’t following a greater scheme, would the book have come to us?” 
“Do we really believe in that? A grand scheme of things?” 
“We must. Otherwise, we might as well throw caution to the wind, and do whatever we please.” 
Basil didn’t want to argue. Instead, he took Shaela’s hand. “I do miss her.” 
“It’s settled then.” 
Jobe waved a finger around in the air, calling forth a bird. 
“I’ll set this to sing on the second hour of the third day," he said. 
“Do you know what day it is now?” 
“No, but I’m trusting the bird does.” 
The blackbird tilted its head. Magic had brought a perch for it to sit upon while it waited to sing. It didn’t look smart enough to tell the difference between third day and second. 
Basil shrugged. “I trust you," he said. 
Another wave of fingers brought forth two comfortable beds, which the council promptly pushed together. “Now then," they said, tucking in for a nap. “We’ll pick this up after a nice rest.” 
Interlude: World of the Dead

Even as a spirit, Shaela was bothered by the sand. It flew as part of the air, making it difficult to see. Had she still had her body, it would have struggled to breathe, and, eventually, suffocated. For the first time after entering this realm, Shaela was pleased to be nothing but a ghost. 
J’dra had pointed her the way, and warned her of the perils that lie ahead. Shaela had assumed she would travel alone, but J’dra had followed her. “This world is a lonely place," she’d said. “Sharing a journey with a friend helps make it shorter.” 
Shaela wasn’t certain if the saying was true, but she’d welcomed the company nonetheless. 
Two minds were sharper than one, old women liked to say in her mortal world, and that she believed. 
“Tell me about yourself," Shaela beckoned, “to make the journey even shorter.” 
“What should I tell," J’dra smiled. “You know all there is to know.” 
“I know you are a wizard, the only woman in the known Universe allowed to call herself that. I know you are part elf, but that’s all.” Shaela fell quiet for a moment. Walking was different in this realm; she didn’t really need to move her feet, just will herself forward. At first, she’d wondered why she couldn’t just will herself to her destination. She’d spoken out her thought, and J’dra had explained. 
“If you know where to go, you can move in an instant. We, however, have never been to where we need to be. In order to travel quickly, one must first discover the destination.” 
It made sense while serving to cause frustration. 
To make the travel feel shorter, Shaela wanted J’dra to tell stories of herself. 
“Tell me about when you were young. What was it like?” 
“I haven’t thought of my youth in a long time," J’dra said with a faint trace of emotion in her voice. Shaela couldn’t quite place it. Grief, perhaps? Sorrow over time lost? 
Still, she spoke. 
J’dra’s Tale

A girl child lay in her crib, wide awake, tiny hands trapped in tiny mittens. 
“She isn’t like the other babies," a dr’chen-wife whispered to her husband. 
A dr’chen-warrior poked the baby’s belly, making her giggle and reach for her toes. “Feels like other babies. Soft and plump.” 
“There’s something wrong with her," the woman insisted. 
“You worry too much," the warrior decided. 
The dr’chen were a simple race; they lived off the land, fought any enemy they could find, died free and strong. They loved and hated with the intensity of a child. Books weren’t for them; the warriors co-existed with a peaceful race of toleen, and happily left page-turning to them. 
A dr’chen-warrior took pride in his family, his land, and the enemies he’d slain, not how many books he’d conquered. 
The dr’chen-wife tucked the child in for the night, taking heed of her husband’s words. 
She’d seen the child’s skin turn hard, almost scaly, had seen little nails growing in an instant until they looked like pearly claws. Still, she listened to her husband, and planned to knit more tiny mittens to trap her tiny hands. 
“Just so she won’t hurt herself," she told herself. 
All babies wore tiny mittens during the first months of their lives. Their nails were sharp, their hands clumsy, and sometimes, babies managed to give themselves nasty scratches. Mittens kept them safe, while allowing them their freedom. 
No dr’chen-wife swaddled a child or locked one in a playpen: children in this world were free to do as they pleased. Mittens were the only limitation on their freedom. 
The light went out. 
The girl child had lived for six months. She didn’t need her mittens any more; her motions were more controlled now, and her nails had been filed short. Darkness robbed her of the eyesight needed to examine them. 
The child could have cried. She could have made noise to alert her mother, which would have made light return to her little word which consisted of a small house, a small farm, proud parents, and various animals. 
She could have cried, but instead, she turned to magic. 
Some children were born with an innate gift, a blessing. Magic was a natural ally to them, a friend rather than a power to dominate. This girl child was one of those children. 
She turned to magic, and might heard her. 
A small light blossomed in the darkness. It settled to hover over the side of her crib. 
The child giggled, and continued to examine the tiny mittens her hands were trapped in. 

*** 

The high-seer turned the child this way and that. “I believe this is a girl child," he said solemnly. “Born of dr’chen-blood.” 
“Esteemed high-seer, I disagree," a toleen said. He hadn’t been asked to speak, but still, everyone listened to him. The toleen were blessed with both wisdom and exceptional beauty. When they spoke, the dr’chen listened. 
Or stared, mesmerized by their gifts. 
“Don’t you see the ears?” the toleen pointed out, his hand gentle on the child’s head. “Our ears are rounded, human. Hers are clearly Elven origin.” 
“Hmm," the high-seer replied, turning the child to see her ears. “Could that be why she was wearing a hat on this warm day?” 
“And her hands?” the toleen continued. “The shade of her nails is… unusual for us. Another indication of mixed blood.” 
“Hmm.” 
The child took the high-seer’s index finger as he tried to examine her hands, forcing a smile out of the old man. 
“It is a child, nonetheless," he deemed. “We shouldn’t separate her from her parents.” 
“Her life might become challenging here, in our midst," the toleen said. “Children can be cruel. She might be teased, excluded. At some point, it might be safer if she were to live elsewhere.” 
“That time is not now.” 
The toleen nodded. 
“Call the mother in," the high-seer commanded, and a small boy who served the council of seers as a messenger, opened the door to summon the mother. 
The dr’chen-wife was dressed in her best: long skirts covered her legs, a fitted bodice enhanced her shape, a bone pin held her hair up. She didn’t cower or hide; instead, she stood straight and tall, her head held high. She was a warrior’s wife, and proud. 
“We have examined the child," the high-seer said. He stood alone in front of the council now, with the child in his hands. The dr’chen-wife reached out to take her, and the high-seer allowed her to reclaim what was hers. 
“This child seems to be the product of mixed blood.” 
“I have not betrayed my husband," the wife snapped as was to be expected. 
“No-one suggested that. But the signs are there.” The high-seer tried a different approach. “Perhaps there is someone in your family, or your husbands family, who also shows signs of blood being mixed?” 
The dr’chen-wife thought, bouncing the child in her arms, making it giggle. “My grand-mother," she said finally. “She was a seer here, a long time ago. It was said that her life had been long, too long for a dr’chen. She left before I was born. Perhaps she…” 
The council nodded their heads in agreeance. “We remember this seer. She left for the world of the Elves. Her blood might have been mixed.” 
Relief made the dr’chen-wife sigh deeply. “Have you seen – anything else, about the child?” 
The council was quiet. “We haven’t seen anything else," the high-seer said. “Only signs of Elven blood.” 
The dr’chen-wife, a child on her hip, turned to leave. All that needed to be said, had been said. She turned back at the door. “I’ve named her J’dra," she said. “After my grand-mother.” 

*** 

“I don’t want to go," the child moped. She was older now, tall and fair. Eight years had passed, and what the council had suspected, was coming true. 
Signs of mixed blood were clearly visible in J’dra, too clearly for her to pass as a toleen. Children were quick and cruel to prey on those different: J’dra had to live in fear of harsh words, even violence. Still, she didn’t want to leave her home. 
“You’ll be safe there," the dr’chen-wife said, smoothing the child’s hair. “I’ve spoken to your grand-mother. She’s waiting for you.” 
“I don’t know her.” 
“You will.” 
Her belongings were packed for her, by the hands of a loving mother. She wished she could go with her, but her place was by her husband’s side. 
Children were to leave, but a mate was for all times. 
An open carriage waited to take her to the Temple of the Crystal Halls. There, she would enter a Portal which would transport her to a world which the Elves had deemed worthy of trading relations. Another Portal would take her to the Elven world, where she would be welcomed by her grand-mother. 
“It will all be fine," the dr’chen-wife said, and placed a kiss on the child’s forehead. 

*** 

The Portal brought her to a busy intersection. Elves clad in colourful silks moved with grace and elegance, carefully avoiding the strange girl and her shabby, homespun skirts. J’dra wished she could turn around and return, but the guard urged her to move along. “Go on," he said, “don’t hold up the queue.” 
J’dra followed those in line ahead of her, travel documents clutched in a sweaty hand. She had never seen so many others. To this day, her life had been small, tied to the land. She’d known her parents, her teachers, the children who teased her, and the seers who paid her no mind. This was overwhelming to her, this rush of Elves so tall and superior. She turned to see if she could sneak past the crowd, back to the Portal, but the way was shut. 
She had no choice but to advance, and to present her sweat-stained travel documents to the Elf who waited to inspect them. 
He looked upon her down his nose. “Who will you be living with?” he asked. 
J’dra hadn’t expected this, and didn’t know what to say. “My… my grand-mother," she stuttered. 
“Name?” 
She opened her mouth, and closed it again, not knowing what to say. Tears threatened to choke her. 
No-one had mentioned her grand-mother’s name. 
She opened her mouth once more, but no sound came out other than a stifled little sob. 
A closed fan slapped the wrist of the Elf who still held J’dra’s travelling documents. “This one is mine," an Elven lady claimed. “My daughter’s daughter from the dr’chen home world.” 
The Elf hastily returned the documents, and bowed his head. “My apologies," he said gracefully though it was easy for even J’dra to see his shame. “I did not know.” 
“Of course you didn’t," the lady said, and offered her hand to J’dra. “Come, little one. We have much to discuss.” 

*** 

“I take it you don’t know your family?” grand-mother said. 
J’dra raised her chin in defiance. “I do know my parents.” 
“Of course you do, but that’s not what I meant. Come, little one. I wish to tell you of your ancestors.” 
J’dra followed grand-mother through the aisles of her castle. She had been bathed and perfumed, clad in robes fashionable among the Elves. J’dra felt uncomfortable in silk slacks that fell down to the floor and sleeves that hid her hands from view. It was considered barbaric to reveal bare skin in this world, and even children were dressed in concealing clothes. Hands were visible to others only when they worked; reading, writing, and embroidering were considered an activity that required customs to bend. During those times, others gracefully shifted their eyes. 
Paintings covered the walls of the room to which grand-mother led her. J’dra’s eyes widened with astonishment as she saw them. Her world didn’t have art like this. The dr’chen painted their symbols across things they had taken, and toleen weaved fabric to memorize feats of brave warriors. Painting wasn’t popular where she came from, and the faces of those gone remained unknown to those who had never met them. 
“These are your kin, child," grand-mother said, pausing in front of a wall with only a few paintings hanging on it, her voice soft with respectful memories. “The ones whose blood made you the way you are.” 
J’dra wandered around the room, looking at the faces of people she had never known. She wanted to ask about them, but grand-mother had a story to tell. Even at this young age, J’dra was wise enough to listen. 
“No-one knows exactly when the first one was born. It happened a long time ago, back when years weren’t recorded as they are now. We do know of her, the one whose blood was pure, mixed evenly between Elf and shapeshifter.” 
An empty space on the wall served to memorize her, the one who had started this bloodline. J’dra couldn’t read her name; Elven letters were still unknown to her. 
“She lived in the dr’chen-world, hidden from the people there. How she beget a child is unknown, but this one made her way to the Elven realm. She was my mother’s mother.” 
Al Elven lady stood in a portrait, her hair a thick rope that fell over her shoulder, a knowing look in her eyes. Three children clung to her, but no husband was in sight. “Was she lonely?” she dared ask. 
Grand-mother looked at her with curiosity. “Why would you think that?” 
“She doesn’t have a husband.” 
“Men don’t matter in our small world," she explained. “This world belongs to women. To the ones who hold real power.” 
J’dra didn’t understand, but asked no further questions. 
“She had three children," grand-mother continued, “to carry on her name.” Her hand reached out to touch their faces, but paused mid-air. “One of them was my mother.” 
“What happened to them?” 
“Persecution, fear, that’s what happened.” Grand-mother’s voice was sharp now, angry and cold. “The Elven world isn’t as tolerant as it seems. Our rules and laws are strict and binding. Those who live here must conform. 
“These women didn’t. They were fierce and free, unwilling to hide the true nature of their blood. 
“The government wouldn’t accept them. They were hunted down, and killed. 
“But not before I was born.” 
She moved on to the next portrait. It depicted a young woman whose eyes were sharp and wild. “My mother was young when I was born, and dead before I’d lived for a month. A kind soul rescued me from the grips of the government. I was sent to the dr’chen-world to learn the ways of the Crystal.” 
“Crystal?” J’dra asked, but grand-mother would not answer. 
“My daughter was born in that world, and in her, our blood lay dormant. She did not have any ability to shift her shape or to excrete venom. Even our physical traits were hidden in her.” 
Baffled, J’dra stared into her mother’s face. She was young here, younger than J’dra could have ever imagined her to be, and pretty. 
“She is a dr’chen, nothing more. 
“But what she’d hidden in herself, she passed on to you.” 
Grand-mother’s eyes were kind as she looked at her, filled with love. “You have the gift, little one. And in time, you will learn to use it.” 
J’dra looked at her hands, remembering how her nails turned into pearly claws when she was angry or afraid. “It’s a gift?” 
It hadn’t felt like a gift when the other children threw mud balls at her, or stole her books, or tore her dress, or pulled her hair. It had felt like a curse then, a disease she needed to be rid of. She’d tried, but her nails grew back just as soon as she’d torn them out. 
Grand-mother knelt before her, paying no mind to her silks. “It’s what makes us unique.” 
“What about magic?” J’dra blurted. “Mother said it’s evil.” 
“You have magic?” Grand-mother’s eyes were wary now, and J’dra regretted she’d said anything. Magic wasn’t looked upon with kindness in her world. She’d thought the Elves felt differently, but it seemed she’d been mistaken. 
She nodded, unwilling to speak further. 
“Magical gifts are rare," grand-mother said. “And this world fears them as much as it fears our blood. You’d best keep it hidden as much as you can.” 
J’dra agreed, relieved that grand-mother wasn’t angry. “I will," she promised. “And I will learn to control the change, too.” 
Grand-mother smoothened her hair, just like mother had. 
Between Three Realms

“So you see, child, born of my blood," J’dra ended her tale, “the gift I received in birth resides in you as well.” 
Shaela looked at her hands. They were corporeal, translucent. “I cannot change my shape.” 
“Can you not?” J’dra asked. 
“My wings were given to me by others," Shaela said. “First, by a demon. Then, by my council.” 
“The demon only opened a door.” 
Shaela fluttered her wings. They, too, were ghostly. “It was magic," she tried to belittle what she’d done. 
“Sometimes, the gift works through magic. 
“As magic.” 
Shaela shook her head. “I don’t think so. I’m just a fairy.” 
“You will see. In time.” 

*** 

A pyramid stood amid the sand, rising high from the ever-shifting sea. 
“This is a tomb," J’dra spoke, “of the priestess whom you seek.” 
“We have reached her," Shaela said, knowing she should feel something. Nothing stirred within her part from a strange longing after the way she had once been. 
Mortal. 
“How do we enter?” she asked. 
“I will not follow you there," J’dra said. “From here, you will go alone.” 
“How will I enter?” 
“Through the walls. There are benefits to being dead.” 
J’dra’s ghost left her, faded like a memory fades from a mortal mind. Shaela stood alone in a sea of sand, a pyramid rising before her. 
“Through the walls," she said to herself. Briefly, she wondered what passing through stone would feel like. The thought roused nothing in her, no curiosity, no fear, nothing. 
She moved across the last stretch to reach the pyramid, a funeral chamber built for esteemed members of society. J’dra hadn’t explained to her why a body was buried here, among spirits, but she didn’t feel the need to know. 
Moving through stone was easy. Finding the tomb was not. 
Shaela passed through the walls of a labyrinth built inside the pyramid for what felt like an eternity before finally discovering the corpse of a priestess. She lay atop a slab of stone decorated with markings she couldn’t quite read, concealed in a sarcophagus of gold. A mask covered her face, and as Shaela looked upon it, she could see a glimpse of what the priestess had looked like in life. 
“How do I know when it is time?” she asked the priestess, but got no reply. Death had taken her far beyond this place, to where those she had loved in life had gathered. She could not help Shaela. “How do I know how to read these words?” 
Death had taken emotion away, but still, Shaela felt a sting of hopelessness, the burn of betrayal. 
She stood in a funeral chamber, alone, immaterial, unable to understand what was required of her. 

*** 

Far away, lost in both time and space, a toleen stood, leaving her favourite chair in a garden she had created for herself. 
“It is time," she spoke, and for the first time in a long time, a Portal opened in the pocket realm. 
Andesha didn’t look back upon her world. 
She planned to return to it soon enough. 

*** 

The bird slept, unfazed by the snoring of two dreaming fairies. It sat on its perch, eyes closed, unaware of time passing around it. 
All the bird knew was that it was warm and comfortable. 
Fairies turned in their sleep, reaching for each other’s hands. Nightcaps covered their heads, stripy pyjamas kept them warm in a damp funeral chamber. 
Time ticked away, one snore at a time. 
The bird slept, sitting on its perch, unaware of the concept of minutes and seconds and days and decades. 

*** 

Words painted upon the slab of stone the priestess slept upon were unknown to Shaela. The more she tried to understand them, the more they eluded her. 
This priestess had lived long before her time, far away from where she had been born. Shaela stared at the words, frustrated. She knew there was a way, a simple way. 
All she needed was to know how to pronounce them, how to turn what was written into sound. 
Shaela didn’t feel the need to slap her hand to her forehead as the answer revealed itself, nor did she feel disappointed in herself. All she got was a slight tingle of relief. 
Magic couldn’t open a Portal here, a door to deliver her into another realm, but it hadn’t abandoned her entirely. Might still listened to her, and perhaps, it could come to her aid now. 
She didn’t need it to change the world. All she needed was a little help. 
Words in an ancient tongue rolled from her lips, reminding her of what it was like to breathe air, to feel rain falling on an upturned face. She spoke a simple plea, and magic listened. It came to her like a long-lost friend, shy and wary, but eager to help. 
It painted the words red, turned them into embers. The words painted upon a tombstone danced before her, shifting, turning, and before long, she was able to read them. 
Magic left, faded away into oblivion, but the words remained. They glowed, spreading light into the funeral chamber. They were painted in her own language now, the tongue of her human mother, easy for her to read. 
Worry grasped Shaela as the words glowed before her. 
Speaking them would not be enough. J’dra had told her that someone needed to echo the words in the mortal realm, next to her body. 
Someone needed to be there, to complete the ritual. 
Magic couldn’t reach anyone that far, Shaela knew, and her time was running short. 
She had no choice but to trust her luck. 

*** 

A portal opened in the funeral chamber, and a tall woman stepped out. She glanced at the fairies sleeping like children, touched the bird’s head to thank it for its service. She was too tall to stand straight in the chamber, so she knelt by the body that rested there. 
The girl’s skin was cold to the touch, dead under her warm, living hand. Andesha pushed a strand of blond hair aside. It felt brittle, like straw. She’d lived long enough to know that often happened to hair as its owner died; it turned frail, like it, too, had lost the will to live. 
“It is time," she whispered. 
The book she had read decades, perhaps millennia. ago was still fresh in her mind. Words learned in the World of the Dead never really let go of a mind. They lingered on, like the memory of a bad dream, unwilling to fade with the dawn. 
Words written on the tomb stone of a priestess had been written in the book as well. They weren’t unique, nor were they rare, only mistaken to be that since so few knew of them. At this moment, only two minds were required to know them, to speak them as one, in perfect harmony. 
Andesha’s voice was warm, full, as it echoed in the funeral chamber, speaking words that the Universe hadn’t yet heard. 
A long way away, beyond the border of life and death, another voice repeated the same words, without knowing if another spoke them with it. 

*** 

Jobe was the first to open his eyes, and to see a strange, tall woman kneeling over the body of their lost Queen. He pulled at Basil, worried and anxious first thing. 
“Wake up," he whispered. “I think we overslept.” 
Basil opened one eye, and used one arm to push him away. He muttered something incomprehensible that Jobe interpreted to mean “I was right in the middle of a pleasant dream, let me return to it.” 
He shook Basil by the shoulder, with a bit more force this time. “Wake up!” he raised his voice. “We are needed!” 
“Seriously," Basil muttered, still half-asleep, “when are we ever needed, truly?” 
Jobe gave his head an offended slap. “Don’t say that!” he said. “We are more important than you realize. And right now, we are missing our chance to save the world!” 
Basil sat up in bed, rubbing his head and straightening his nightcap. “I really don’t think this is so…” He closed his mouth with a snap as the gravity of the situation became clear to him. 
“Oh no!” he cried. “I think we’ve overslept!” 

*** 

The words slipped easily off the tongue. Shaela spoke them slowly, clearly, knowing that one mistake could mean she would spend the rest of her eternity trapped in the World of the Dead. The prospect roused no emotion in her: only a strange sense of surrender. 
Her life didn’t belong to her, if it ever had. She was not her own person, but the Queen of Fairyland. She did not live for herself, but for her subjects. 
She did not die for herself, either, but for the good of the kingdom. 
Nothing good would come from her death if it was finalized now. A demon’s creation would continue to reign over fae-folk, and the Balance of the Universe would continue to crumble. 
“If it even exists now," Shaela thought, words of the spell still spilling from her. 
Magic had changed. Its strands were bound together. Once, dark and light had formed a delicate Balance that held the Universe in a web of truth, but now… 
Now there was only one strand. 
A grey one. 
Shaela abandoned the thought. It was too much for her, especially now. 
A wind rose in the chamber. It was soft at first, not much more than a breeze. It grew without Shaela noticing, turned into a storm where she stood as the centre. A hurricane turned around her, and as the last words to the spell left her lips, a blue light began to pour into the chamber. 
Shaela felt no fear, no curiosity. What was meant to happen, would happen, regardless of her actions. 
A strange sense of peace filled her. 
She closed her eyes, and surrendered. 
“Death," she spoke softly as the world around her bled away, “is unstable at times like these.” 

*** 

Huddled in a corner, the Queen’s council whimpered in each other’s arms. Wind had risen in the chamber, and now a blue light bled into it. 
Nightcaps danced in the wind, but the fairies did not see it. 
Their eyes had been squeezed shut so they didn’t have to witness the horrors that were to come. 
“If all goes badly," Jobe yelled over the howl of wind, “do know that you mean the most to me.” 
“And you to me," Basil yelled back, blindly patting around to find Jobe’s face. 
“No-one could ever come even close.” 

*** 

The wind died as it had been born, slowly, deliberately. The things it had taken fell to the ground. A black bird returned to its perch to let out a little song, just as it had been advised to. 
The third hour of the third day after the monarch of Fairyland had passed, was ending. 
The blue light that had sept into the funeral chamber was also fading. As it died, all was as it had been. 
Andesha rested her head in her hands. The spell had taken much from her, but more than that, she felt the weight of failure. 
The Queen still lay on her bed, pale and frail, clad in the grey silks her council had chosen for her on the day a demon marched into her court. The ritual had been completed, allowed to take its course, and still… 
A chest rose. 
Fell. 
A breath, soft but determined, filled the chamber. 
A chest rose again. 
This time, the breath didn’t echo over the whimpering of the council. 
Andesha smiled, her head still resting against her hands. 

*** 

“I must return," she said. “This world isn’t for me.” 
Shaela understood, but Andesha’s decision didn’t please her. She regarded her as a friend, and would have liked to hold on to her company a bit longer. “We will miss you," she said, uncertain whether she meant to include her entire court and kingdom, or just herself. 
Andesha smiled, and the smile offered a glimpse into her past, to the beauty she had once worn. “We will also miss you," she said, and touched Shaela’s cheek, “Highness.” 
The Portal closed behind her, sealing the entrance to a small corner of the Universe she had created for herself. Shaela looked at the spot where it had stood but a moment ago, a part of her wishing she could re-open it, and escape her responsibilities. 
Then, she straightened herself. 
She was, after all, the Queen, and as such, she had a job to do. 
Her council, still clutching onto each other, whimpered in the corner of her funeral chamber. Worry gripped her heart; fairies were fickle, inconstant, but some things were enough to send even them hurtling into madness. She feared her council might have crossed that border. 
On its perch, a blackbird still sang. Shaela gave it a sign, and it flew onto her shoulder. 
“Come now," she encouraged her council. “It is time we left this dreary place.” 

*** 

“We require a change of attire," Shaela said as the door to the funeral chamber closed behind them. Her council wiped their noses, both their own and each others’, sniffling still. Shaela did feel that their condition had improved, but only slightly. She hoped the task of choosing garments would lift their spirits like it always seemed to do. 
“These silks have witnessed too much…” 
“Death," Basil helped. 
“Demise," Jobe echoed. 
The council gave each other a sideways glance. “I thought we’d agreed to always agree," one of them said out of the corner of his mouth. 
“I thought we’d agreed to disagree," the other one said in a similar manner. 
“Well what about the dress then?” 
“What about the dress?” 
“Should we agree, or disagree?” 
“I say we try the latter first, then settle for the former.” 
“Agreed.” 
The council nodded their heads, ready to complete its duties. 
“Now then," one of them said. To Shaela, they still looked too much alike. She refused to use their names in fear of calling them by the wrong one. She knew the council wouldn’t take offence, but calling them by a more formal name felt more appropriate to her. 
“Attire.” 
“The first thing we need to decide is purpose.” 
“I say ball.” 
“I say battle.” 
“Could we compromise? Perhaps a ball-armour?” 
“That doesn’t make any sense. Why would balls require armour?” 
“I didn’t quite mean that. Look, I’ll show.” 
One of the council, the younger one with more novel ideas, waved his finger around. Shaela’s grey silks faded, bled away like the memory of pain. They were replaced by a combination of long, wide hems, and an armoured bodice forged of fine Elven steel. 
“Oh, I see," the older one said. “This works for both party and business!” 
“Exactly!” 
The council hopped and clapped in delight. Shaela was pleased to see them smile again. On a fairy-scale of things, they had suffered from a severe and long-term depression. The road to recovery was long. Shaela suspected it would take at least five more minutes of playing dress-up. 
“What about the hair?” the younger council asked. He knew the older one had more knowledge and experience when it came to wilful curls. 
Shaela could feel her hair being curled, ironed, braided and bound. The blackbird, frightened by the chaos of flying pins and bows, abandoned her shoulder, and escaped to a near-by branch. Shaela couldn’t blame it. 
“I say up, with a curl at the neck.” 
“It would be practical, but how about a Mohawk?” 
“Oh no, that’s much too much, even for battle.” 
“Truly? Let’s go with your suggestion, then.” 
Shaela cleared her throat. “I believe a weapon is in order.” 
She didn’t know what to expect. Reclaiming the throne sounded dangerous. She felt it was best to prepare for the worst. 
Colour bled from the councils’ face. “A weapon?” it gasped. “Surely this can all be solved in a peaceful manner!” 
Shaela sighed. “I’ll just take care of that myself.” 
“Oh!” the council remembered. “Speaking of peaceful, we have news to share with you.” 
“We’ve been to Demonland during your absence.” 
The council puffed up like a pair of peacocks overly proud of themselves. “And we’ve spoken with the Demon Queen!” 
“They have a queen?” Shaela asked, interested in the news her council had to share. 
“And a tree!” 
“I think we’re getting ahead of ourselves.” The older council, the one with a head a bit more level on his shoulders, glanced at the younger one’s attire. “Goodness, what are we wearing!” 
The younger one took a look at himself, and gasped. “We’re in our night-clothes! In the presence of a Queen!” 
After vigorous finger-waving and a lot of blushing, the council stood before the Queen clad in its usual livrés. “That’s better," they sighed. 
“Could we continue with the news from Demonland now, please," Shaela asked. She’d grown used to her councils’ habits, but sometimes, especially during times of crisis, they were a bit much to bear. 
“Ah, yes, Demonland," the council continued, filling the way to the throne room with casual chatter about what they had learned during their trip to the below-ground. 
To Shaela, it seemed they had completely recovered from their severe depression. 
Chapter Fifteen

Azán frowned. His hand pressed slightly at the pain in his stomach. 
“What is it?” Alaene asked, disgusted by the sign of weakness. “Something you ate?” 
“Perhaps it was a bad date," Azán tried to smile. 
He hadn’t experienced pain before, not like this. He had fallen from several trees as a child, and gained as many bruises, but the pain they had caused had been… different. 
Less, somehow. 
This pain felt like an icy blade being pushed through his abdomen. Slowly, in the way lesser demons enjoyed. 
“Use magic to get rid of it," Alaene instructed, “and stop being a baby about it.” 
“I don’t think I can," Azán said. The hand lingering on his stomach pressed harder as the pain grew. It pulsated, intensifying with every strike. Azán doubled over, unwilling to leave the throne. 
Alaene rolled her eyes. “Men," she spat. “Weak, all of them. Unable to withstand the slightest pain without turning into a child.” 
She hissed a spell of cruel words, a spell that aimed to rid Azán of the torment he was in. Magic had never denied its help from her. Alaene had no reason to doubt the power of her spell. She was surprised to see might leave without fixing her problem, a moaning man still half-seated on the throne to Fairyland. 
Unwilling to believe magic had truly denied its aid from her, she spoke the spell again, emphasizing different words this time, pronouncing with more care. 
Magic was fickle, like a fairy, and as such, it needed to be persuaded. 
“Do something!” Azán cried. “Help me, mother!” 
Alaene could only utter the words to the spell, to summon magic to his aid. 
Again, might arrived, evaluated the situation, and left, leaving Alaene frustrated, and Azán suffering. 
“What is this," Alaene asked. “How dare you defy me!” 
Magic refused her a reply. It didn’t listen to mortal words, to languages known only to those destined to die. Its tongue was that of flame and wind, and anyone who required services from it, must approach it using its own language. 
Alaene knelt by Azán, pushed him to see his stomach. “No-one has been here," she said, her voice softer now, agony marking her appearance. Though she was not the one in physical pain, her emotional torment was just as strong. Azán was her, despite all, her child, a child she had raised and nurtured. He was a part of her, a part of her own soul. “You cannot be injured.” 
“I’m in pain!” Azán cried, like a raised voice could help Alaene understand. 
His skin was intact, his stomach smooth and pliant under her hand. Alaene could not see what was wrong. Words of spells spilled from her lips, and time and time again, magic denied itself from her. 
“I don’t understand," she moaned, Azán’s head resting against her shoulder. As much as she despised the weakness of human flesh, she would have given anything to see Azán well again. 
The throne room had no door. It was an open space defined only by rounded walls on three sides. A long aisle let out of it, and all those who wished to enter or leave must walk down the corridor under the monarch eye. 
This visitor didn’t walk. Royal feet never touched the ground, not until it was time to die. 
Movement caught Azán’s eye. A flicker of light and colour appeared at the end of the corridor, flutter of wings, sparkle of gemstones. 
“It’s her," he whispered, his brow slick with sweat. “She’s coming for me.” 
His eyes, dilated and fixed on something behind Alaene’s back made small hairs stand up on her skin. “Don’t be foolish," she ordered, knowing on some level who Azán referred to. “She’s dead. And to my knowledge, ghosts don’t return to haunt the living.” 
Still, she turned to see what had so frightened the child she had raised as her own. 
Her neck creaked, like her vertebra hadn’t been used in a long time. 
The Fairy Queen was like a soft, blue flower forced into a coat of steel. Her wings repeated the colours of the rainbow, sending light flickering across the walls of the hallway as she approached. Though she looked innocent and frail, Alaene could feel her power even from a distance. 
Escape was the only thought in her mind now. It echoed and repeated itself, forcing her to take action. 
“We have to go," she said, pulling Azán off the throne, to his feet. He was limp, unresponsive. His weight made Alaene stumble, but somehow, she held onto balance. 
A Portal opened before her, a lake of liquid silver, a passage to the safety of home. 
Alaene pushed Azán in before her, stealing one last look at the Queen before entering herself. 
She didn’t seem to be in a hurry. She flew at the speed of which her council walked, her expression soft and forgiving. 
For a moment, Alaene wanted to stay to reason with her. 

*** 

“Should we follow them?” the younger council, hungry for adventure, asked. “We can guess where they went.” 
“The castle upon Wizard’s Peak won’t be their solace for long," Shaela said, “but I will search for them there.” 
“We’ll prepare for battle," the older council sighed. The idea of combat, be it mental of physical, filled him with dread. The ways of fairies may be fickle, but they were peaceful. Fae-folk didn’t invite war, nor did they enter it lightly. The Queen’s council would have liked nothing better than to tidy up the throne room for a reception followed by a grand ball. They were, however, bound by obligation and custom to obey the will of the Queen, and to follow her wherever she chose to go. 
Even war. 
“First things first," Shaela said. “I wish my throne room returned to the way it was.” 
“We could not agree more," the council echoed. 
The rule of the king hadn’t been long, but during it, considerable damage had been done to the throne room. Flowers wilted on the walls and windowsills, blood splatters decorated the floors, bowls of food nauseating to fae spoiled on small tables. The scent of death and decay filled the air which used to smell like Shaela’s favourite flowers. 
“We must also alert the fairies of our return.” 
The council bowed, alarmed. 
The Queen hadn’t spoken like this before. 
She hadn’t used the royal We as she referred to herself. 
“Yes, majesty," the council promised. “Anything you may desire.” 

*** 

Fairies small and large smelled a change in the air, an alteration they weren’t certain to be to their liking. Weapons, hastily drawn, were grasped even tighter as flames danced in the corners of the Fairy Queen’s court. 
“She’s returned," they hissed, their voices shrill and deep and everything in between. “She’s back from the dead like a ghoul.” 
“The last one we liked better," the fairies whispered. “At least he was alive.” 
“A demon is better than a ghoul," they hissed, and weapons were raised to cast shadows into the once bright corridors of the Fairy Queen’s court. 
“Death to the Queen!” 
Whispers grew into screams, screams into roars, and before long, Fairyland was in chaos. 

*** 

The throne was uncomfortable against Shaela’s back, like it hadn’t yet decided whom to serve. She tried to will it to fit her needs, but the throne wouldn’t listen. Skulls still decorated it, blood still trickled from its open mouths, its shape still refused Shaela. 
The cries of fairies made their way to the throne room, to the councils’ ears. “I don’t think we’ll need to inform the fae of her return," the younger one whispered. He was quite attuned to the mindset of the inhabitants of the court. “They’ve noticed, and they’re displeased.” 
“Are they ever pleased?” the older one asked. Age had added a streak of cynicism to his nature: lately, Jobe seemed to be doubtful of the motives and agendas of those around him. Basil feared this would, at some point of the future, serve to drive a wedge between Jobe and the rest of the Universe. He did his best to subdue it, but sometimes, he could only sigh. 
“Occasionally, yes," the younger one said, “when all they need is to frolic without a care in the world.” 
“Who wouldn’t be happy frolicking about," the other council sighed. “I wouldn’t mind some of that myself.” 
“We shall frolic again soon," Shaela promised. Though she wasn’t entirely concentrated on what her council was saying, she did hear them. Their mutter was constant, and often, it offered valuable insight on the ways and values of fairies. Without the rarely fading exchange of words between her council, Shaela would have been oblivious to many concerns her subjects had. Tuning the chatter our entirely would have deprived her of much valuable information. 
“We’ll be looking forward to that.” 
The council had summoned magic to clean the throne room. Brushes dipped themselves into buckets of soapy water to scrub the floor, feather dusters chased cobwebs away from corners, bottles sprayed wilting flowers with water to revive them while the council itself sat at a small table playing cards. Shaela observed them with little interest; her mind was busy elsewhere, with matters more important. 
Soon, she rose to her wings. 
“You will be fine here, I assume," she said, causing alarm among her council. They stood, knocking the table over, causing cards and dice to spill on the floor. “Where will you be?” they asked. “We can’t possible let you go alone!” 
“I will pay a visit to our friends," Shaela said. “To learn what it is they desire.” 
Before the council could stop her, a Portal appeared to devour her. 
Chapter Sixteen

The pain had faded, but not passed. 
Azán lay on his bed, a cold cloth on his forehead, demons waiting by him, ready to fulfil his every desire. Alaene wasn’t pleased to see him display signs of such agony. In her mind, suffering and weakness were closely related, almost the same thing. It was inappropriate for a higher demon such as them to be weak, vulnerable to illness and pain. 
Despite her best efforts, Alaene hadn’t been able to persuade magic to heal Azán’s pain. It lingered on, making him writhe and sweat and curse. She was starting to accept magic being unable to help them, and was looking for another way. Determining the cause for this pain seemed like a good place to start. 
“It began soon before she arrived," Alaene said, pacing around Azán’s bed chamber, picking up things he had placed on display, frowning at them, setting them down at a different location. “The pain.” 
“I don’t know what you’re talking about," Azán managed from his bed. He pushed aside a demon who was trying to replace the cloth on his forehead. It shrank from him, seeming somehow pleased for getting attention from master. “Make this stop, I’m begging you.” 
Alaene ignored him. She picked up a statuette of a snake goddess worshipped in a primitive corner of the Universe. The goddess held a serpent in each hand, and was thought to symbolize fertility and the power of creation. She traced its features with a black claw, lost in thought. “It started before she walked down the aisle to reclaim the throne.” 
She placed the statuette back where she had taken it from, carelessly, without looking. The statuette lost its balance, and fell. If not for a demon who lunged itself to catch it, the picture of a goddess would have met its destiny. 
“Only one monarch can exist in Fairyland," Alaene spoke. “As she returned, there were two.” 
Behind her, the demon stood on its toes to reach the windowsill upon which the goddess had stood. It was far too short. It tried to push the statuette back to its place, but failed. 
The statuette fell, and shattered as it met the hard, tiled floor. 
No-one paid it any mind. 
“The pain serves to banish you from the realm," Alaene concluded. “As long as both of you are destined for the same throne, one of you will be in pain. 
“Or dead.” 
“I would rather be dead than endure this!” 
Alaene let his comment slide. A life with Azán had taught her how men related to pain. 
“All was well when she roamed the World of the Dead," Alaene spoke softly. 
“We need to make certain she returns there. 
“And this time, it will be for all time.” 

*** 

The castle upon Wizard’s Peak hadn’t changed since the last time Shaela visited it. Tapestries still covered the walls, fire still danced in the great hall. For a passing moment, she returned to the past, to a time when she’d regarded Alaene a friend. 
To a time before she’d betrayed her. 
Alaene’s castle was crowded with demon servants. Today, the entry hall was empty, silent. Shaela walked through it without bothering to silence her footfall. She didn’t wish to hide her presence. She’d come to negotiate, not lurk in the shadows. 
No-one arrived to welcome her. 
Shaela frowned. She hadn’t expected this. 
The castle Alaene had taken as her home was large, too extensive to search through. Though Shaela had only been to a few of its rooms, she knew it would take a long time to locate those she wished to see by just looking. Using magic to find Alaene and Azán was an enticing option, but Shaela didn’t want to make herself seen as an intruder. 
It was bad enough being an uninvited guest. 
Instead of relying on spells, Shaela raised her voice. 
“Alaene!” she yelled, and the sound of her voice rolled to the inner parts of the castle like a tidal wave, intensified by the echoes from the stone walls. “I have come to talk!” 
No reply came from the castle. The only thing she could hear was the fading echo of her words. 

*** 

A fresh pain tore through Azán, making Alaene frown at him. “What is it now?” she asked. “I thought we’d been through this already.” 
The only reply she got was a moan. “She’s closer.” 
Slight interest forced Alaene’s left eyebrow to climb a little higher. “So my theory is proven," she said, and barked an order to magic while her hand painted an arch in the air. An image formed into the arch, allowing her to see the great hall of her own castle where Shaela stood, waiting, her face still and confident. 
At the same time, the echo of her voice reached Alaene. 
“Talk," she repeated, and the word sounded like a curse. 
“Talk.” 
“You should talk to her," Azán encouraged her. “Maybe she has a solution for this torment.” 
“The only solution is death. Yours, or hers. You decide.” 
Their eyes locked, and the demons turned away from the battle of wills. 
Eventually, Azán averted his gaze. “She must die," he agreed. 
“Wonderful," Alaene said, though her voice didn’t emit an ounce of joy. “We need time," she continued. “This castle is no longer safe. She knows we’re here. We need another safe haven to spin our web.” 
Azán shook his head, not to disagree, but to indicate he didn’t know where they could go. Alaene scoffed in frustration nonetheless. To her, ignorance was a sign of weakness even worse than the incapability to tolerate pain. 
An exceptionally brave demon raised its finger. It didn’t do so to ask for permission to speak, but simply to draw attention to itself. “Excuses, mistress," it said, “maybe our realm?” 
The demon shrunk before Alaene as she turned to stare it down, but it did not flee. Though Alaene would never had admitted it freely, she was impressed by the courage the demon displayed. “Your realm?” she asked. 
“Yes, mistress. Demonland.” 
She turned to Azán. “These things have a realm?” 
Azán nodded. The pain grew worse with every heartbeat, making it nearly impossible to speak, let alone think clearly. “Demonland," he said. “A mythical stretch in the Universe where demons go to rest when their masters don’t need them.” 
“Interesting.” 
Alaene turned back to the demon. “How do we get there?” 
“Easy, I show.” The demon seemed braver now, relieved. It had expected to be struck down by the mistress’s hand, and was happy to be allowed to offer its help. 
The demon scratched the stone wall three times and gave the wall a hard kick. It winced in pain as the stone proved unrelenting. It gave the wall a knock as well, hitting its knuckles against it three times. 
“Password?” a voice croaked from behind the wall. 
The demon glanced around, its eyes sly and wary. “Would like it if you didn’t listen," it said, proving to be quite articulate for a demon. “Is secret.” 
“We won’t tell," Alaene snapped. “Promise.” 
The demon trusted her. “Three ways down," it said to the wall. 
“Close enough," the voice replied, and the wall gave way. 

*** 

Shaela waited for a long time before resorting to magic. Instead of using a tracking spell, she decided to make certain Alaene was here, in this castle marked by endless rooms that seemed to appear when its master needed them. She spoke a few soft words, and painted an arch in the air with a delicate hand. 
The image that formed into the arch showed her Alaene and Azán following a group of demons through a yielding spot in a stone wall. They disappeared after crawling through, but Shaela could not tell where they went. 
Some things were hidden even from magic. 
“I cannot follow you," she said, dismayed. “But I will speak with you again.” 
She could have crafted a spell to keep track of Alaene’s whereabouts. She could have called a fairy to stand guard. She could have remained here, and waited until Alaene returned. 
Instead, she asked magic for a favour. 
Shaela pushed her hand into a pocket in time and space. It felt around the pocket for a moment before closing around something. As she pulled it out, it held a small cage in which a small demon lurched. 
Shaela stared at the demon, not unkindly. “I claim you for myself," she spoke, “for I have a task for you.” 
“Yes, mistress," the demon tried, but its dry throat could make no sound. 
A Portal opened in the Great Hall ready to return Shaela and her new servant to Fairyland. 

*** 

“What is… that?” the Queen’s council asked. Shaela lifted the cage she held in her right hand to present her new servant who clung to the bars of its home with hands and tail. 
“This is someone who will make your lives easier," Shaela replied. “What’s your name, small friend?” 
The demon opened its mouth. No sound left it. 
It hadn’t spoken in a long time. Its mistress had forgotten it soon after Azán had taken his first soul. After that, the demon had sat in its cage, alone, without a task, without nourishment. At first, it had feared it might die. 
Quite quickly, it had started to fear it wouldn’t die, and the rest of its life would be filled with the same nothingness, day in and day out. 
It had tried to claw open its wrist to hasten the arrival of death, but no blood came out. Every drop of moisture in its dried up body was needed to keep its heart pumping the precious drops. 
The demon’s mouth opened again. A small sound escaped. It resembled a frog’s croak more than a voice, and the demon closed its mouth again, embarrassed. 
“Do you even have a name?” Shaela asked, and the demon shook its head, even more embarrassed. 
It had served only Alaene. The mistress hadn’t cared enough to name her servants. 
“Poor small friend.” 
The council stared at the pitiful being, their heads tilted, rested against each other. 
“Are you quite certain about this?” they asked. 
The Queen’s council had never seen anger flash in the monarch’s eyes before. The sight made them shiver in fear. 
“This being is mine," Shaela said, her voice cold, somehow cruel. “It shall live here, in my realm, until the end of its days. And it will be safe.” 
The council was too scared to take Shaela’s words as an insult toward the entire race of fairies. “Yes, majesty," they stuttered. 
“Now then," Shaela said, placing the cage onto a pedestal one of the council was considerate enough to wish for. “You need a name. And a bath.” 
“Might we suggest fruit juice as well?” the council asked in a very shy manner. They hadn’t sounded so wary since their depression, and Shaela gave them a quick glance to make certain they were well. 
“Yes," Shaela agreed. “Juice will be good for it.” 
The council nodded their heads and rolled up their sleeves. Though conjuring up a bath and a cup of juice wasn’t a particularly taxing task, they wanted to prove their necessity. A new addition to the Queen’s servants made them feel like they were no longer irreplaceable, but, in fact, easy to oust. A lesser being might have gotten discouraged, but the council stepped up its game. 
A bath appeared in the middle of the now cleansed throne room. The tub was carved from one giant pearl, and brushed with gold. An abundance of bubbles spilled from it while the water filled the room with a pleasant scent of lavender. A cup of juice squeezed from fresh mangoes appeared to hover in the air next to the tub. 
“It’s lovely," Shaela smiled, suddenly understanding why the council felt it necessary to flaunt their skills. “I don’t know what I would do without you.” 
The demon hung on to the bars of its cage as Shaela opened the hatch to lure it out. After a long moment of trying in vain, Shaela gave up, and placed the entire cage into the tub. 
The demon didn’t remember when it last felt the touch of water. With the soothing presence of a cage, it enjoyed both the warmth of the water, and the scent of the bubbles. It felt a strange thing happening to its face: the corners of its mouth turned upward as its eyes wrinkled, closing half-way. As its new mistress directed a straw through the bars of its now soapy cage, the demon drank deep, savouring the sweet taste of fruit. 
“You like that, don’t you?” Shaela asked, pleased to see the demon happy. It nodded its head, still unable to utter intelligible words. 
“Happiness," the demon thought, “must be the strange thing pulling and wrinkling my face.” It accepted its fate, like it accepted all things that happened to it, but unlike most things it had experienced, this change was a welcome one. 
In time, the demon was pulled out of the water. It was clean now, less dried up. Its strength had been, to a degree, restored, and it was eager to start working. 
“I must name you," Shaela said. “As I know nothing about you yet, I must choose a name you will live by, no matter what.” She thought for a moment. Fairies were named after flowers and plants, things that grew in the sun. Demons, however, dwelled in the shadows, shying from other living things. She didn’t want to pick a name that would remind the demon of its old ways. Instead, the name should help it look to the future. 
“Small Friend," Shaela decided, remembering what she had first called the demon. “I shall call you Small Friend.” 
Again, the strange feeling pulled at the demon’s face. It sat in the middle of its cage, which it refused to leave, savouring the taste of its new name. It had never had one before, and it liked the way a name made it feel special. Like its life mattered. 
“Now," Shaela said, placing the demon back onto the pedestal the council had summoned for it, “I will appoint you to a task.” 
She spoke a spell, a small, swift one, and an image appeared in the air. Inside this small window through space, Alaene led Azán through a land purple and black. Another small spell, a fast, quick one, left her lips, but nothing seemed to change in the room. The demon wondered what she had asked for, but dared not inquire. 
“I want you to keep an eye on this window," she said, “and the people it follows. I want you to alert me when they return to our realm. Do you understand?” 
The demon nodded. It liked this task. Watching the former mistress made it feel warm and tingly, and anticipating the revenge the Fairy Queen would take on her made it feel even warmer. 
Shaela gave the demon a small bell. “Ring this when you see them return," she beckoned, and the demon found its voice. 
“Yes, mistress," it croaked. 
Chapter Seventeen

The Demon Queen felt something change. It wasn’t a smell, or a taste, for those things she had forgotten. 
It was a presence, and a pain. 
For the longest time, the Queen had lived as a part of a tree she had grown from a seed, nurtured with her own blood. She hadn’t complained, only accepted her fate for what it was, like all demons did. 
Now, though, she looked back, deep into memories, and sighed. 
Time was drawing to an end. She could feel the tree fading, wilting. It needed fresh blood; hers could no longer sustain it. The tree had taken everything she had, every ounce of energy, her entire life force. She was spent, dying. 
As they were one, the tree, too, was dying. Its branches drooped down to touch the ground, its roots withered, turned pale. Had it had leaves, they would have fallen, but it was bare, like it had always been. 
One demon’s blood hadn’t been enough to allow it to grow leaves or bear fruit. All it had, was life which was now drawing shorter and shorter with every passing moment. 
The Queen closed her eyes. 
She could sense her death approaching, but that was not all. 
Something had changed in Demonland. 
Something that caused her pain. 

*** 

“Here, mistress," the demon grovelled. “This is where we live.” 
Alaene stood, brushing mud from her clothes. The way through the wall had been blessedly short, but full of dirt. Cobwebs clung to her hair, grit coloured her garb grey. She coughed, emitting a cloud of dust. “Is this truly the only way?” she asked. “Do you go through that every day?” 
“Different way for all," the demon said lightly. “To fit desire.” 
“Desire?” Azán wasn’t certain he understood the demon. “What does that mean?” 
“All get what they most like," the demon explained as best it could. “I like dirty. I get dirty.” 
Another demon cut in. “I like spanking. I get spanked.” 
“I like to be skinned. I get skinned.” This one smiled with a skinless face, drawing a trail in blood everywhere it went. 
“I see," Azán said. “Perhaps next time we’ll get catered according to our tastes.” 
The demons giggled. They seemed braver here, in their own realm where no master commanded them. “Tall one gets kneecaps broken," they laughed and pointed. “And lady gets covered in Fairy-dust!” 
This silenced all demons within hearing distance. Among them, Fairy-dust was considered the foulest substance in the Universe. Being covered with it was the cruellest fate anyone could imagine. 
“That is horrible," one demon sighed softly. Envy glowed from its voice; all it ever for when entering Demonland was a bucket of water poured on it. 
“We’ll use a Portal next time," Alaene said. “It’s the most convenient way now that I know where we are.” 
“No magic," a demon said. 
“All I need is to speak a spell, and we can walk out swiftly while remaining clean and unbroken.” 
“No magic," the demon repeated. 
This time Alaene took its words into consideration. “What do you mean, no magic?” 
“No magic used here," the demon said again. “Only demon spells.” 
“Demons have no magic," Azán said. “Not in a sense that matters, anyway. They can use the little granted by their masters, but have no skill of their own.” 
The demons gathered around them nodded, importantly. “This true," they verified. “We have no magic.” 
“What about these entrances, then?” Alaene asked, fear growing within her. “How do you make them?” 
“We don’t make them," the demons said. “Masters do.” 
“We haven’t made the entrance in our castle," Azán argued. 
“My castle," Alaene corrected him. “The castle is mine, not yours.” 
“Ownership doesn’t matter here.” 
“Not you," the demons laughed. “The wizard who lived there before you!” 
“A wizard?” Azán hadn’t learned the origin of the castle upon Wizard’s Peak. 
“Yes, wizard. Old man, white beard, pointy hood. Had a dragon. And a dwarf.” 
The explanation didn’t clarify much, but Azán accepted it without further arguments. He’d had his fair share of dealing with demons, and knew when to give up. These ones would tell nothing more, for this was the limit of the information they had. If he wanted to know the full story, he would have to find it elsewhere. 
Alaene sighed. “We’ll just crawl through, then, when we need to return.” 
“If you’ll ever return," the demons giggled. “Those who come have a tendency of staying.” 
“You leave everyday," Azán said. 
“We live here. You don’t.” 
Something had changed. It was a small thing, but it sent chills down Azán’s back. 
The demons were hostile now, ready to anger. 
Eager to anger. 
He placed a deterring hand on Alaene’s arm, just in case. One thing he knew about her was that she rarely showed respect. Those conversing with her were in constant danger of being insulted or offended. Azán knew she didn’t mean it, at least not at all times, but that made little difference to how others regarded her. She was cruel and vicious on a good day, and this clearly was not among those. 
“Perhaps we should seek another location to devise a plan," Azán suggested. “We do not wish to anger our friends.” 
Alaene seemed ready to spit, but the look in Azán’s eyes held her back. Demons were their allies, after all, and angering them would only serve to make life difficult for everyone. 
The demons didn’t follow them. They watched them leave, but with little interest. 
To them, the tall strangers were not a threat, only a nuisance. 
They knew how to deal with nuisances. 
“They won’t last long," a demon said softly. 
“Two days," another one said. “I give two days.” 
“Three, tops.” 
“And then we eat.” 
Laughter filled the realm ruled by a purple tree whose branches hung so low they touched the barren ground. 

*** 

“We can’t stay here for all times," Azán said. The pain was less now that they’d escaped the presence of the one causing it. “This isn’t our place.” 
“Ah, but it is," Alaene purred. She’d been in a particularly good mood since the demons refrained from them. “For we are their kind, and they ours.” 
“You may have been born of demon blood, but I wasn’t.” 
Alaene resisted the urge to slap him. Azán had a way of angering her without intending to. “Your blood may be half mortal and half fae, but it was given to you through demon magic.” A hand that had wanted to slap touched Azán’s face, softly, kindly. “If not for my spell, you wouldn’t now draw breath. My incantations, my efforts, made you.” The hand twirled a lock of hair around its fingers. “A powerful demon lord," Alaene whispered, “whose only purpose is to subdue mortal women, and have them produce offspring.” 
Azán pulled away from her touch. What she had planned to be his fate felt wrong to him, now more than ever. 
Ruling over Fairyland, even for a moment, had filled him with a sense of belonging. 
Purpose. 
Like he was meant to be a monarch. 
After that, mortal women had lost their charm. He no longer looked upon them with passion, no longer desired to fill them with seed so that they would carry sons for him. 
Instead, he longed for a throne of his own. 
“These creatures are ours," Alaene said, glancing over to the groups of demons, small and smaller, gathered around them. “They are our kin, our kind. 
“Ours to rule.” 
Something tingled in Azán’s chest. It made his heart flutter like with the first sting of true love. He frowned. A thought yawned in his mind, almost waking, and turned over to sleep some more. 
He rubbed the back of his ear. An itch had settled there soon after they’d arrived to this place. Alaene’s words had made it worse, like he was sensitive to them. 
“Ours to rule," she had said. Azán tasted the words, turned them over in his mind. 
The sleeping thought turned again, bothered this time, like the room it slept in was too cold or too warm or too damp. 
“To take back Fairyland, and to slay its monarch, we need an army.” 
Alaene’s voice was cold, hard. It was the voice of a commander, not a witch born of demon blood. “An army to march before us, eager to do our bidding. 
“Eager to kill for us.” 
Azán followed the direction of her gaze. 
All he saw was demons, small, winged creatures with purple skin and small, black horns. They ate, talked, polished their horns to attract a mate, enjoyed pleasures of the flesh. 
“These aren’t warriors," he said softly. “These are innocents.” 
“There is nothing innocent about a demon, child," she snapped, and the last word was like a bane. “They are corrupt, wicked, with no desire to change for the better.” She looked around, her eyes filled with contempt. “Cattle to be used, nothing more.” 
“You speak cruelly of your kin," Azán said, with a purpose to anger Alaene. Her company no longer pleased him, and he wanted to be rid of her. 
If not for all time, at least for a moment. 
But Alaene drew no hate from his words. “Remember my origin, child," she said, and the fire in her eyes tasted him in turn. “I am a succubus. It is in my nature to be cruel.” 
Azán smiled a patient, benevolent smile. 
Clashing horns with a succubus was not in his agenda for today. 
Chapter Eighteen

The small demon whom the Queen of all fairies had named Small Friend stared into the image mistress had told it to watch. Its eyes stung and burned, and it welcomed the pain. 
Pain meant it was doing the best it could to serve mistress. 
The cage it sat in no longer swayed. The demon missed the seasickness it had enjoyed in the past. To compensate, a small crowd had gathered around it, a crowd colourful, loud, and quite distracting. It consisted of fairies of all shapes and sizes. Some of them had taken flight, some sat on windowsills and tables scattered around the room. The demon could feel their eyes on its skin. It wanted to look, to marvel over the flutter of colour, but mistress had told it to watch the image instead. 
“What is it?” voices asked around the demon. “Is it a dog? A small bear?” 
“The Queen brought it in. Perhaps it’s a new pet.” 
“A pretty ugly pet.” 
Giggles took over the crowd after this remark. The small demon felt warmth rising inside its chest. 
No-one had given it compliments in a long, long time. 
“What is it doing?” 
“Why isn’t it moving?” 
“Do you think it’s dead?” 
A pea was thrown toward the cage. It met an invisible barrier, and turned to a small flower that floated peacefully to the ground. 
“Aww it’s magicked," the fairy who had thrown the pea sighed. “We’ll never know now!” 
“We could wait. It will have to move at some point.” 
“What is ‘wait’?” 
A fairy cleared his throat. “It’s when you know something will happen and instead of leaving, you sit there until it happens. No matter how long it takes.” 
“Even if it takes more than five breaths?” 
“Even if.” 
“Waiting is horrible. I don’t like it.” 
“It’s the only way to tell if it’s alive.” 
Fairies sighed, and settled to wait. The demon could feel their eyes on its skin. 
To appease the crowd, the demon tightened the grip its tail had on one of the bars. This drew squeals and shrieks from the fairies. 
“It moved, did you see it?” 
“It lives!” 
“Could it be dangerous?” 
“It’s magicked in, it can’t get to us even if it was dangerous.” 
“Who wants to touch the barrier?” 
“It will turn us into flowers as well, silly.” 
“Wouldn’t that be fun?” 
“Yes, but we have more pressing matters to attend to!” 
“I still think it’s a dog.” 
“A new pet.” 
“Maybe a small bear?” 
Shaela had listened to them from the shadows of her throne room. This corner of Fairyland wasn’t forbidden, only rarely visited by the common fae. She had known them to flock over as she placed Small Friend here, had known fairies would come to stare and wonder and throw things. 
To keep her servant safe, she’d conjured a shield over its cage. Magic would turn anything thrown against it into a flower, for a limited time. Shaela knew her fairies; it wouldn’t take long for one of them to touch the shield on a dare. Having her subjects permanently turn into flowers wasn’t exactly what she had planned for them. 
“It’s a demon," Shaela said, stepping out for everyone to see. 
Fairies didn’t run from her. Curiosity kept them glued to the cage, and the wonder it withheld. 
“A demon!” fairies gasped. 
“I didn’t know demons looked like… that.” 
“I thought they were big and purple and had fangs and huge claws.” 
“I thought they were evil.” 
“I thought they were a fairytale.” 
“No, we’re the fairytale, silly.” 
Giggles went through the crowd. Shaela allowed them to settle before continuing. For a brief moment, she recalled the nights and days she’d watched over children in the above-ground. Telling stories to them had been her favourite part of everyday. 
“Demons are real, but what we know if them isn’t very accurate," she said. Inside its cage, the demon stared at the image conjured to keep it busy. It licked its eyes, pleased to be able to do that again. Mistress had treated it well, given water to drink and a stable surface to sit upon. 
“Most of them have purple skin and horns, and black wings that allow them to fly just like us.” 
“Ours are prettier," fairies said in a comparing tone, not judgmental. “Black is a dreary colour.” 
“It’s also functional. Demons prefer night to sunlight. Black wings keep them hidden from predators as they fly.” 
“Who would eat… that?” 
“I’ll bet demons taste bad.” 
“Nothing like fruit jelly and banana rings.” 
Snacks were produced at the mention of food. 
“Any large carnivore would eat a demon," Shaela said with an appropriate amount of sadness in her voice. “It is the way of those who refuse to live on fruit alone.” 
“A horrible way to live," fairies remarked. “What do demons do?” 
“Demons exist to serve others. Like this one, they do their master’s bidding day in and day out.” 
Fairies looked around to see if this sounded familiar to anyone. “You mean working?” they asked. “It sounds dreadful.” 
“Like waiting!” 
“Like waiting, only worse.” 
“Much worse.” 
“Why do you have one?” 
Fairies turned their faces to her. They all wanted to know why their Queen had brought an outsider into her court. 
“Small Friend was being mistreated by its mistress. I wanted to save it.” 
“But why? It’s a demon.” 
“Demons aren’t allowed in Fairyland.” 
“You said so yourself, Queen Dey.” 
A long time ago, having only recently received her crown, Shaela had been driven from Fairyland. She had been with child. As it is forbidden for a monarch to produce offspring, Shaela had been forced to seek refuge among her human kin. In her absence, Fairyland fell into chaos. The realm desperately needed a ruler. Since Shaela was both the rightful ruler, and the only one who could take the crown, the Queen’s council had decided to resort to a scam to keep everyone happy. They had used fairy-magic to make Shaela look like Queen Dey, the previous monarch, and brought her back to rule over fae-folk. To this date, the swindle hadn’t been noted. 
“I am not Dey," Shaela said, allowing magic to bleed away. The colour in her wings faded, leaving them translucent, veined in silver. Her garb shed its tones of blue, the shades Dey liked to don, turning to shades more pleasing to her own eye. 
For the first time in nearly seventeen years, the true monarch stood before her subjects in her own skin. 
“I am Queen Shaela, and as long as I rule, demons are not our enemies.” 
Fairies didn’t accept this without protest. Fierce cries filled the air, colour flashed and sparkled as they dashed through the air, unable to sit still in their anger. 
“Demons have always been our enemies!” 
“Why would we listen to you? You’re an imposter!” 
“We want Queen Dey back!” 
“Demons will not be welcome here! Not now, not ever!” 
Shaela listened, patient, silent. These fairies reminded her of the children she’d cared for. They were quick to anger, quick to forgive. 
Nothing in Fairyland lasted long. 
Except a monarch’s rule. 

*** 

“Why do you think she sent us to fetch gooseberries from the furthest bushes?” the younger council asked. They hadn’t only gathered the berries Shaela had sent them to fetch; they’d also eaten their fill, which was a surprisingly large amount. The juice from fresh berries had stained their hands and faces, but neither seemed to care. 
“Maybe she was in the mood for something sweet," the older said without a shred of doubt in his mind. “I suspect dying and being resurrected could have those kinds of side effects.” 
“We could have used magic to get the berries.” 
“They do taste better hand picked.” The older council took a moment to sample the load of berries he carried, just to make certain they hadn’t spoiled. “Or maybe she wanted us to indulge ourselves, too.” 
“You don’t think she wanted to get rid of us?” 
“Why would she want to get…” The older council paused to both think, and to stand in the middle of the path. “She wanted to get rid of us.” 
Berries fell to the ground as the council set out to find the Queen. 

*** 

Fairies fluttered about, still upset. Curiosity, however, was starting to take over. 
“How did you manage to keep up the guise?” they asked now. “Was it difficult to pose as someone else?” “Did the council help you?” “Is that why you made all those silly laws? To make us like Dey less?” 
This new idea made fairies think. For a passing moment, the throne room was quiet. 
“Posing as Dey was difficult. I wanted to tell you the truth every moment of every single day," Shaela answered. She picked up the flower, spoke a word to counter her own spell, and returned the pea to its owner. “The council stood by my side every step of the way, as is its duty. When I needed help, they assisted me. And when my people needed to be lied to, they did it for me. 
“By my order. 
“My council is innocent of this. All they did was follow my orders.” 
Fairies settled to listen. The air was no longer filled with colour and sparkle and angry noises. Wings moved slowly, opening and closing in the rhythm of their breathing. “Why did you make the laws?” they repeated. “We don’t want to read or work, why did you make us?” 
“I made a mistake," Shaela admitted. “I have seen the way humans live. Their thirst for knowledge is admirable. I though fairies would share my views, but I was wrong. Fae folk are born with all the knowledge they’ll ever need.” 
Chatter filled the air as fairies exchanged thoughts, and all the while, a small demon stared at an image in which a small woman and a small man spoke to a horde of tiny demons in a small world coloured in shades of purple and black. 
“We have decided to forgive you," the fairies declared, “but we have conditions.” 
Shaela smiled, pleased with the words of trust. 
“Let’s hear them.” 

*** 

Hands, faces, and livrés stained with gooseberry juice, the council rushed to the throne room only to see Shaela sitting in the middle of a crowd of chattering fairies wearing her own colours, her own wings. 
“We come too late!” they shrieked. 
“She has spoken!” 
“I knew this would happen," the older one sighed. “Ever since her death, she’s been… odd.” 
“Quite odd," the younger agreed. “Nothing like her old self.” 
“It’s like she was reborn.” 
They paused for a moment to consider. “Perhaps she is.” 
“Is what?” 
“Reborn, like you just said. All different and sparkly and new.” 
“And odd.” 
“Quite odd.” 
The council straightened their livrés, making an effort toward looking presentable, and approached the Queen and her flock. 
“Majesty," they said, offering Shaela a stiff bow. They didn’t know what to expect, nor how to respond to an altered situation. 
Nothing appeared out of order, they saw. The Queen smiled, her eyes bright and green as the pea one of the fairies held, those gathered around her sat and lounged on tables and floors and windowsills, calm and curious, the demon watched like it would until something changed or mistress told it to stop. Everything was the same. 
And still, all had changed. 
“We have good news," Shaela said, and the fae-folk around her echoed with giggles. 
Behind them, the throne shifted, like it wanted to change, too. 
Chapter Nineteen

Alaene had chosen a rock to stand on. She wanted all to see her, to hear her voice as she spoke. Wind tore at her clothes, her hair, but it would not steal words from her lips to carry them away. To that, magic saw. 
“I claim you," she spoke to the demons gathering around her. “I claim you all as my own. 
“I am your mistress now, the one you serve and bow to. 
“I claim you to do my bidding, and mine alone.” 
The demons had no choice. They had no freedom, no knowledge of what it was like to not be owned by someone else. To them, the purpose in life was to serve. 
As Alaene spoke, they forsook all other masters to serve her, to be owned by her, and her alone. 
“Mistress," they croaked, one after another, and the one word held a pledge. 
“I claim you to be my army, the fist to crush Fairyland and its Queen.” 
“Mistress," the demons croaked, though none of them had a deep desire to join a war. They lived to serve. If their master wanted them to fight, they would, no matter how they felt about it. 
A demon had no emotions. Only the sense of duty. 
“I claim you to walk in my name. As my army to devour the innocent, to destroy everything standing in its way.” 
“Yes, Mistress.” 

*** 

The demons arrived to them in a single line to receive a weapon. Alaene had reached into various pockets in time and space to draw out daggers and swords to arm her servants. 
Dutifully, they queued for pieces of metal that would spill the blood of those who came in their way, their faces drawn, eyes downcast. The line of demons was a depiction of sadness, but Alaene didn’t see it. To her, this was the finest battle force ever created. 
Azán stood by her side, observing how she equipped each demon with a weapon she thought to befit them. He wasn’t pleased with her actions, nor was he entirely against them. He wanted, as much as her, to claim the throne to Fairyland for himself. For that, the removal of the old monarch was necessary. 
Still, the line of demons touched a chord in his soul. A chord he hadn’t known to exist. 
One after another they came, collected a weapon, thanked their mistress, and moved aside into a formation of lines. They ordered themselves without instructions, without anyone showing them what to do. Azán was both pleased and saddened: in a way, he admired their skill to please any master. Another part of him felt pity for them, a pity too strong to ignore. 
“Don’t you think this is… excess?” he asked, trying to keep his voice low. “They are, after all, just demons, and relatively insignificant at that.” 
“Master called us insignificant," the demons closest to them sighed. They couldn’t recall when they last received such praise. 
“Do you have a better idea?” Alaene asked, handing a mace to a demon the size of her arm. The demon thanked her and left, dragging the mace along the ground for it was too heavy to lift. 
“Perhaps griffins would have been a better choice. Or manticores.” 
“They’re animals. No animal would harm a fairy, let alone their Queen.” 
“Dragons?” 
Alaene turned to look at him, her eyes filled with contempt. “Dragons are extinct. You should know that.” 
“You haven’t exactly been open about that part of history.” 
“Is this the right time for this?” 
The line of demons watched them, hungry for conflict, eager for a chance to join it. 
Azán glanced at them. He didn’t really mind them seeing Alaene humiliated, but still, he chose to respect her wishes. “Perhaps we shall continue this later.” 
“Perhaps we shan’t.” 
Another weapon exchanged hands, and another demon stepped up to receive an instrument of death. 

*** 

Demonland was quiet now that most of its inhabitants had gathered around Alaene. Azán walked alone through the purple twilight that dominated the realm, blind to his surroundings. His thoughts were turned inside, to what he thought to be important. 
The pain was less here. It was like his body had forgotten it, let go of it. Azán wasn’t in a hurry to reclaim the pain. 
Stepping foot in Fairyland while Shaela lived would return it. 
“She must have felt the same as I came to take her place," he spoke to himself, his voice soft, no more than a whisper in the darkness. “She felt a pain, and that pain took her life.” 
The purple earth was warm under his feet. He scarcely noticed it. 
The warmth of soil was comforting, but of little importance. It served to soothe his feet, not his mind. 
“It’s cold for her," a demon remarked as it passed him. “The land doesn’t accept her.” 
Azán nodded with a benevolent smile. The demon’s words entered one ear and left through the other, leaving no mark inside. 
“If I return to claim the throne, which one of us will die? Her, or I?” 
Azán wasn’t entirely oblivious to the way power shifted from hand to hand in the realm of fairies. He knew that only one monarch could exist, only one true monarch could live.  Others would either fade into the realms outside Fairyland, without knowing of their fate, or die while reaching for the throne. 
Shaela had proven her strength. Not even death could defeat her. 
She had been unprepared before, Azán thought, surprised by his attack. 
Next time, she would know what to expect. Reclaiming the throne would not be so easy. 
He would have to prove his worth, his right to rule. 
“We cannot exist in the same space," he said out loud. “Not even for a moot.” 
Scratching at the small area behind his ear, he tossed and turned ideas around. Sending a messenger crossed his mind, but soon it became clear that his thought was stillborn, like most dreams. A demon wouldn’t be smart enough to negotiate. The only possible messenger was Alaene, and she would not look kindly upon the possibility. 
She wanted war, not a treaty. 
Opening a mirror to talk to Shaela seemed like the best possible way to bring reason to the situation. Speaking with her from a safe distance could resolve the dilemma of who was to rule over fairies. 
Azán hesitated. He wasn’t certain of what to say to her. 
Reaching out to a mother he had already killed once was intimidating, even for a him. 
“It can’t harm me," he said, trying to push himself to take action. “We aren’t close to each other. I stand in Demonland, while she resides in Fairyland.” 
A thought opened one eye in his mind. This time, it was closer to his consciousness, but not yet close enough to push through. 
Azán gave the persistent itch one more clawing, and moved his hand across the air to breach time and space. 

*** 

Inside its small cage, the demon sat, watching. It had blocked out the noise from the crowd of fairies around it; their voices didn’t matter to it now that it had learned they couldn’t harm it. All that mattered was the task mistress had given it. 
The image had split in two as Alaene and Azán parted ways. After slight difficulties in adjusting, the demon had learned to use one eye to watch each image. Its left eye kept track of Alaene, while its right eye followed Azán. Its tail twitched nervously, its hand squeezed the handle of the bell mistress had given it. 
The demon felt something happening before it did. 
It was ready as Azán moved his hand across the air. 
The bell rose from the floor of the cage. It was light, like it was made of sunlight and sea foam. It felt good in its hand, like it belonged there. 
The bell rang as the demon shook it. The sound filled it with pleasure, and it wished its former mistress had thought to make its life so easy. 
“Mistress," it croaked, having gained mistress’s attention. “Contact.” 
The demon’s heart swelled with something warm as mistress stood, and thanked it. 
No-one had ever thanked it before. 
Carefully, it set the bell back down, to the floor of its small cage. Its eyes continued to trace two images at once. 
Its task was not yet completed. 

*** 

The view of Fairyland was calm, still. No pain arrived to tear at him, only a slight sting of jealousy. 
Shaela was fair and confident before him, her wings translucent like his, her eyes green, hiding bubbling joy behind their gaze. Behind her, fairies frolicked in blossoming branches, giggling, chattering. 
“I was hoping you would reach out to us," Shaela said. 
Azán hadn’t planned his words. He had thought to threaten her into giving up the throne, but now, seeing her like this, he understood the foolishness of it. 
Shaela belonged to Fairyland. Nothing he could say or do would part her from it. 
“She plans a war," he blurted, “to take over your realm.” 
Shaela was calm still. “I know," she said. “And I will defend my land against her.” 
“I don’t want a war.” It was like his tongue had a will of its own. 
“I know this, too," she said, and compassion touched her eyes. “A Fairy Queen’s child would not cause harm to his home.” 
“Fairyland can’t be my home," he said. “If I return, I die.” He was certain of this now, having seen the monarch in a kingdom of joy. 
“Each child must leave to find a home of their own," Shaela continued. “A home where their soul can find peace.” 
Peace. 
The word rang true in Azán’s mind, made him recall the sensation of belonging when he touched the tree. 
An itch persisted behind his ear. He had to force his hand to remain still so it wouldn’t scratch at it, claw at it until fresh blood spilled out to stain the warm earth beneath his feet. 
“You will find yours," she said, “I am certain of it.” 
“I will," Azán promised, “though I am not as certain of it.” 
Her laughter sounded like silvery bells as the image faded, taking her away for all times. 
“Home," Azán said, alone in the purple twilight, allowing his hand to return to the itch. 

*** 

“Can you hear her?” the demons whispered in their formation as more and more joined in. “Can you hear her voice?” 
There was no need to clarify whom they meant: everyone knew. 
The Queen’s presence was fading. 
The tree that stood in the middle of Fairyland was the source and centre of all life. A living Queen resided there, without interfering, without ruling. 
In Demonland, a tree stood withered and bent, offering a solace and hope rather than life. It was proof that a strong will could achieve anything. Though the Queen, now a part of the tree rather than an independent being, lived there, she did not rule. Her voice, her presence, lingered within each demon, reminding them of the miracle of the tree. 
Now, that voice was fading. 
The demons shivered in fear. 
Without a light in the purple twilight they were lost, with only cruel masters to rely upon. 
“I can’t hear her," they whispered, heavy weapons in hand, facing a task they did not wish to complete. 
Chapter Twenty

“A war is being prepared," Shaela said. 
Fairies had gathered around her to hear the Queen’s word. They still clung to their home-made weapons, the sharpened sticks they had gathered as the threat of demons entering Fairyland had first been made known. Some of them shook them in the air now, shrieking in joy, while others couldn’t hide their fear. 
“Demons plan to march into our realm to reclaim the throne to themselves.” 
Fairies, easily distracted, remembered to wonder what it was like being dead. This resulted in chatter as fairies exchanged their own, personal ideas about death, what dying must feel like, what happened after death, and the possibility of rebirth. Most fairies seemed to believe that they would, in time, be born again as flowers, which played together with the common belief of a correlation between flower-picking and deaths of fairies. 
Shaela waited for the conversations to dwindle and fade away before continuing. 
“As you may know, a prospect to the throne arrived to Fairyland not long ago.” 
Fairies indicated that they remembered the incident well, and weren’t too pleased about it. Shaela couldn’t recall so many of them agreeing to a single thing before. 
“The prospect was evicted from the throne - “ 
This drew out cheers from the crowd. 
“- but his forces plan to return.” 
Fairies booed and hooted to indicate a new monarch would not be welcomed, not so long as Shaela lived and breathed. 
“In Demonland, far below-ground, an army is being gathered. Soon, that army will march into our land.” 
Fairies were ready. They raised their weapons and shook their fists. “They will never take our homes!” they yelled. “We will defend Fairyland to the last breath!” “Death to all demons!” 
Again, Shaela waited for relative silence to return. Fairies were never still, never entirely silent. If she wanted absolute quiet, she would need to speak a spell that would make them all sleep. 
“If, and when, that time comes," Shaela spoke, her voice growing more and more demanding, “I want you all to hide.” 
“Hide?” Fairies couldn’t quite understand. They were ready to fight, to defend their homes and loved ones. Being asked to go into hiding was completely unexpected. “What do you mean, hide?” “Why would we hide from invaders?” “Won’t that make it easier to take over?” “We don’t want to hide!” 
“I will deal with any army that crosses the border to our realm," Shaela promised. “I will not put any of you in harm’s way.” 
“But we want to fight!” “You never deny us anything!” 
“It is my sacred duty to keep you safe, to protect you from the outside world. I will not allow anyone to come to my Kingdom to harass my people!” There was fury in her voice now, and fairies shrank at the sight of their Queen angered. 
“This realm is mine," she continued, her voice calm again, soothing and soft. “Mine to rule, mine to protect. 
“And mine to defend.” 
Fairies hung their heads, disappointed having lost the only chance at war they would ever get, and agreed. “We’ll hide," they promised. “And stay out of your way.” “But you do know us, we will watch!” 

*** 

The Queen’s council listened with the rest. Their faces were cleaner now, their livrés crisp and fresh. As they held hands, a bit further away from the crowd, someone noted them looking old and grey, like they’d aged by decades during the past days. 
“Is this the council?” that someone asked her neighbour. “They look so worn!” 
“It must be someone else," the neighbour replied, having glanced at the direction pointed to her. “Surely the council would take better care of themselves!” 
The council didn’t hear their words. All they heard was Shaela, and the words spilling out of her, the words that promised to keep Fairyland safe, now, and for all times to come. 
“She doesn’t need us any more," the younger council sighed, touching the corner of his eye with a colourful handkerchief. “She’s all grown up.” 
“She has others to care for her now," the older agreed, producing a handkerchief of his own out of a pocket that wasn’t his own. “That demon, and… and others.” 
“Perhaps she doesn’t even want us around any more.” 
“Perhaps.” 
“Perhaps we should find another monarch to assist.” 
“Yes.” 
After a long pause, the older council continued with the full wisdom of one born twelve minutes earlier. “The only problem we’re facing is that there is no other monarch in Fairyland.” 
“We do have the one currently in Demonland.” 
“He might require assistance, true, but do you really want to work for him?” 
The younger council pondered for a moment, giving the matter his full concentration. “No," he finally said. “Working for someone born of demon magic would make us… well, I do believe it would reduce us to the level of lowly demons.” 
“Who would want that.” 
“Not me.” 
After another long pause, during which Shaela finished her speech, and continued to answer the questions of fairies who seemed to have a lot of on their minds, they sighed in perfect sync. 
“We’d better go to her," the younger one said. “And if she doesn’t want us there…” 
“Then we’ll just have to say goodbye.” 
“And leave.” 
“To find a better future.” 
Both of them sobbed at this, having moved themselves beyond salvation. 
The prospect of a Queen’s council existing without a Queen to council was beyond their understanding. 

*** 

Shaela had noticed her council withdrawing from her. With fairies demanding her attention, she hadn’t had time to address the issue before. As the council inched closer, their hair dull and grey, their faces wrinkled and drawn, she understood she should have spoken with them earlier. 
Her council had been there from the first day she entered Fairyland. They had guided her every step of the way, held her hand during crisis, and smoothened the road before her. Without them, she wouldn’t hold the throne. Instead, she would still live in a small village with her human kin, weeding the same flower beds every day, over and over again until there was nothing left to pick out. 
She had taken the council for granted, trusting them to always walk with her, by her side, ready to catch her when she fell. Seeing them like this pained her heart more than the prospect of losing the throne. 
“There you are," she said. “I need your views on something.” 
The council seemed to grow a bit taller as Shaela left the horde of fairies to flutter with her council to a quieter location. As much as she loved her subjects, their constant chatter tore at her nerves at times. “I need a way to alert everyone in Fairyland if the enemy breaches our borders.” 
“Yes," the council agreed. “They do need to know what happens.” 
“No matter what.” 
“Right. Would you use magic in order to alert them? Or a broadcasting system consisting of physical parts?” 
The council considered the options for a moment. Though what Shaela asked of them was a small thing, a little thing easily solved, they felt better knowing she needed them after all. 
“Physical things have a tendency of breaking," they said after a moment during which wrinkles in between their eyebrows grew deeper due to concentration, and the rest of the wrinkles on their faces melted away. “But magic has an even more worrying tendency of being quite unreliable.” 
“Just like everything in Fairyland.” 
“Yes, quite.” 
“Perhaps, if me might be so bold, you would consider using a… person? To watch the borders?” 
“A person, like the demon, perhaps?” 
The council felt like they were digging their own grave, suggesting Shaela rely on the help of someone they feared would prove to her how easily even her council could be replaced. Still, they had to speak honestly in order to fulfil their duty to the Queen. 
“Small Friend is busy watching other things," Shaela said. Though the demon would be a reliable solution, it wouldn’t solve the entire issue. She still needed a way to reach every fairy in the realm to make certain they would remain safely hidden. “And, if we’re quite honest, lacking a bit in the vocal department.” 
After a moment, the council giggled. “The Queen made a joke," they praised. “A funny one!” 
“We would, if using a sentient being, a person, if you please, rely on an alert system based on bells and magic.” 
“Quite right. A series of bells shall be hung all over Fairyland.” 
“In case borders are, like you suggested, breached, magic will ring the first bell.” 
“As the first bell rings, it triggers the rest to ring as well.” 
“With both magic and physical items, there are even more possibilities for failure.” 
“If one part fails at any point of the chain…” 
“The rest will fail as well.” 
The council smiled, both pleased with and proud of themselves. The solution was airtight, and though failure seemed imminent, they did what fairies do best: ignored it. 
“Perfect," Shaela decided. “Please see it done.” 

*** 

“We should be by her side, though.” The younger council hung up a bell conjured from thin air. A small word along with a wave of his finger took it high up, where it settled, suspended by nothing. 
“We should, but what we’re doing is important.” 
“I suppose you’re right.” 
“What’s she doing, anyway?” 
“What she usually does when we’re not around, I suppose.” 
“That being…?” 
“I don’t know, I guess she’s taking a nap!” 
Another bell lifted itself into the air, found its place, and remained there. 
“It would be a bit irresponsible, don’t you think, to sleep during a crisis like this.” 
“Everyone needs to rest. Even Queens.” 
A bell launched itself with greater force than its friends. It struck a bell the older council had just placed, knocking it down. The bell fell and met the soft, grass-covered earth, producing a small, metallic sound. The older council frowned at the younger one. “Was that necessary?” 
“It was just as necessary as you demanding to know what the Queen is doing.” 
“We could look in on her.” 
“Could we?” 
“Of course we could, we’re fairies and possess magical talent envied by all other races.” 
“I don’t think all other races know about us.” 
“Well, those who do, then.” 
“Should we, then?” 
“I don’t think we should, but in order to settle our difference, I do believe we must.” 
“She would forgive us.” 
“In a heartbeat.” 
“Do you still have it?” 
“I thought you had it.” 
“I must have misplaced it, then.” 
The council reached into a pocket in space, rummaged around for a good, long moment, and pulled out a small mirror. It was ornate, but convenient, with a small handle and a clear surface. They had first created it to keep an eye on Shaela during the very beginning of her pregnancy which, for various reasons, had made her council rather anxious. 
Now, they leaned in close to look into the mirror. Inside, a tiny Shaela sat at a desk, a parchment in front of her, a pen fashioned from a narrow leaf in her hand. Words filled the parchment while her lips moved a little as she planned what to write next. 
“We should be there," the council decided. “She might need help.” 
“No-one should write anything without assistance.” 
Having agreed, the council waved their fingers, diligently wishing all the bells to take their place in the air. 

*** 

“May we help?” 
“In any way?” 
Shaela didn’t look up from the words spilling from the leaf. “In a moment," she said. 
Sand dried the ink before she folded the parchment, and sealed it with a ring she wore on her index finger. The ring, like the crown she wore, was a symbol of power, an indication of her status as monarch. She handed the letter to a crow before turning to her council. 
“Matters of the state do not rest simply because a war threatens us," she explained. “If we wish to trade with humans, we must ensure consistent communication.” 
“I thought you’d given up of that idea.” 
“Only the idea of sending fae to the outside world. I will speak with humans myself.” 
The council could feel their hair trying to stand on end. “Majesty, you may not leave this realm.” 
It was forbidden for a monarch to leave Fairyland. Though Shaela had broken that rule in the past, the purpose of her planned departure forced her council to advice against it. 
Protecting the realm was one thing. 
Discussing trade was a different matter entirely. 
“I will do as I please, and as I see fit.” 
Shaken to the point where words escaped them, the council felt they had no choice. 
“You have changed," they blurted. “Death made you very different, and we are not certain we approve of it.” 
Shaela had anticipated a confrontation on her council’s part. The World of the Dead had changed her, just like it changed anyone who saw it. She had not only learned much of her family, but also of herself. Leaving the mortal world behind had opened her eyes to what truly mattered, altered her core values. 
Pretending to be someone else for the sake of appearances only, had grown irrelevant to her. What mattered was serving her people, protecting them, even at the risk of sacrificing her own happiness. 
Though a happy Queen could serve her kingdom better a discontented one, she understood now that not all things could come to her. She would never marry, never grow a family, never live a normal life. Instead, she would be Queen. 
“Dying is an eye-opening experience," Shaela said, not unkindly. “It has shown me what is required of me. And also, what I am capable of.” 
The council pouted. “We have seen you capable of completely ignoring us," they protested. 
“That was not my intention, nor what I meant to refer to. 
“Things will change in Fairyland, but your duties will not. 
“The Queen’s council belongs to the Queen’s side.” 
The council, still pouting, grew curious. “What is the change, then?” they asked. 
A lonely bell rang at a distance. 
It was joined by another, then another, until all of Fairyland was filled with a metallic song. 
“It works!” the council shrieked in joy. “Our invention actually works!” 
Shaela stood, worry in her eyes. “The bells ring," she said, “and though I take pride in your effort, I fear this is not a joyous sound. 
“The enemy is here.” 
Chapter Twenty-One

Demons, small and smaller, crawled out of openings that led to Demonland, each blessed with its own, personal curse. While most came out covered in dust and insects of various sorts, some received physical torture. One of them even crawled out delightfully inside-out. Weapons were carried and dragged out of the openings, just like they had been instructed. 
After returning to the mortal realm, the demons waited, just like mistress had told them to do. 
Portals wouldn’t open in Demonland. Therefore, mistress had told them to use their usual exits, and wait until she found them. Each demon had been given a small, magical trinket, a tracking device of sorts. Through them, Alaene would be able to find each of her demons, no matter where they were in the Universe. As long as they wore their amulets, she would see them, whether they were near, or far. 
Watching the army of demons wasn’t the only reason she’d equipped them with magical amulets. They bore another purpose. 
The demons waited until all had left Demonland. Then, Alaene called out for them. 
The amulets demons wore around their necks lit up, glowing with a soft, purple light. Some demons shied away from them, while most watched, eyes wide with wonder, as a valued present from mistress sparked to life. 
One by one, each in turn, demons disappeared from whatever world they resided in, only to re-emerge in the great hall of the castle upon Wizard’s Peak where Alaene waited for them. One by one, dragging or carrying their weapons, they took their place in a simple formation, filling the great hall to the brim, spilling out to hallways connecting to it. One by one, they settled to wait for the mistress to speak. 
She stood on a balcony that opened above the great hall, majestic now that she’d left the filth of Demonland behind. Her horns shone black, her skin repeated the shades of purple, and her eyes, sharp and cruel, noted every detail in the crowd of demons. They stood still beneath her, waiting for instructions, and she was pleased with them. 
She stood alone, and when she spoke, her voice was like a lightning that reached each and every demon gathered in the hall to subdue them to its power. 
“It is time," she spoke, and no demon dared repeat her words. 
“Today, we take back what is ours. 
“Today, we march into Fairyland to reclaim the throne. 
“Today, we finish the age of the Fae, once and for all.” 
Demons raised their weapons, or fists if their weapons were too heavy for them to raise, and cheered. 
None of them noticed to wonder why the prospect to the throne wasn’t present, standing by Alaene’s side on the balcony. 

*** 

Demonland was empty now that everyone had left. Azán felt a cold wind tousle his hair, pull at his clothes. The last conversation he’d had with Alaene burned his mind, tortured it like a chain forged of molten iron tightened around it. 
“I don’t want you to take the throne by force," he’d said, knowing Alaene would not agree. She had made up her mind. Plans had been drawn, forces gathered, and aborting the mission at this point, so close to realisation, would prove devastating. 
Giving up was a sign of weakness. Alaene would not be seen as weak. She would rather sacrifice her army, her son, her sanity. She would not stop, not now, not ever, not until Fairyland was hers. 
“I don’t care," she’d said, handing out the last weapon. “The throne will be ours, regardless of your desires.” 
Azán hadn’t known whether she meant them, or just her. It no longer seemed to matter, seeing that their ways were parting. 
Alaene would do as she pleased, while Azán followed his heart. 
“I will not take part in this," he’d said, welcoming the relief his decision brought to him. “I will not start a war to rule.” 
“To rule, one must be prepared to use force," she had argued, and he’d known she wouldn’t hesitate to use force against him as well. 
Those who stood in her way, would die, friend and foe alike. 
“One should rule with sanity," Azán had claimed, “if one is incapable of compassion.” 
“Compassion will not win you the throne," Alaene had snapped. She had stood, a menacing figure tall and dark, so she could better stare Azán down. “I will do it for you. 
“The Fairy Queen will not see another dawn. 
“The throne will belong to us, whether you want it or not.” 
She hadn’t listened to his arguments, but left, hems tearing in the wind like a second pair of dark wings. He watched her go, making no effort to catch her. 
This was out of his hands now. 

*** 

The Queen’s council held hands that still bore persistent stains of gooseberry juice. Shaela stood behind them, feet touching the ground like those of a mortal. The council didn’t see it; they were too busy staring in the direction where the bells rang. 
The enemy had breached the border. 
Fairyland was at war. 
A gentle hand touched each of their shoulders. “You should hide with everyone else," Shaela said. Her voice was kind as it spoke to them, but her eyes were cold and decisive. 
“Our place is by your side, majesty," the council said. 
“We must make certain you are safe. It is the law.” 
Shaela sighed. She didn’t have time to argue, nor to change the laws. “Fine, then," she said, “but you must promise to stay above ground, among branches if possible.” 
“We promise," the council said. 
“I can see your crossed fingers behind your backs.” 
The Queen’s council quickly pulled their hands to the front of their bellies to hide the mistakes they had done. “Force of habit," they tried to explain. “You know how us fairies are.” 
“I do know you. All too well.” 
The council wasn’t certain if this was a compliment or not, so they took it as one. 
“We should go now," Shaela said. “To meet the enemy.” 
“We need a change of clothes," her council decided. “These livrés aren’t fit for war.” 
“We’ll pick colourful ones as to frighten the demons!” 
“Yes, and we’ll wear masks, too.” 
“Frightening ones!” 
“You will wear green and brown to better conceal yourselves among branches," Shaela ordered. “I will not have you put yourselves in danger because of vanity.” 
This time, the council was quite certain they’d been given a compliment. 

*** 

The tree caught his attention as soon as it appeared in the horizon. Nothing else grew in this realm; Azán felt the tree was now the only other living thing in Demonland. 
That, and a strange presence in his mind. 
A presence that grew fainter by the moment. 
Paths led to the tree, Azán saw as he approached it. Some of them were narrow, some clearer. The one he had subconsciously decided to follow was faded, almost non-existing. It didn’t twist and turn, though, but led directly to the tree. Azán wondered why it wasn’t more popular as he walked down it, toward a tree that stood in the middle of a small clearing. 
Soon the path faded from his mind. The tree itself was more important, more interesting. 
It was purple, like most things in Demonland, painted with black shadows. Its branches were barren, free of leaves, so bent they touched the ground. Twisted, it stood, casting shadows all around it in the broken twilight of this realm, its bark dry and cracked, scaly. 
Azán knew little of plants, but even he could see that this tree was not well. He assumed it had been bent and twisted from birth, but the condition of its skin and the way its branches drooped suggested it was dying. 
Sorrow touched his heart as he understood this. The tree was special, the only thing that grew in this land. It bore a meaning, even to him as he saw it for the first time. 
He didn’t assume the tree to be more than what he saw, a tree standing in the middle of an otherwise barren landscape. Finding an opening in its trunk was a surprise to him. Azán entered the open area beneath the tree to find it empty: no-one slept there, no-one waited to share with him the story of the tree. 
A dim light shone close to one of the walls. Azán walked to it, unwilling to leave the tree now that he’d found it. He scratched the back of his ear, absent-mindedly, and stepped onto the lit pad, hoping it would reveal its purpose once he stood on it. 
An instinct made him push a button next to the pad. The same instinct instructed him to remain still as the pad started its descent into the depths. 

*** 

An army of demons poured out of the Portal Alaene had created to lead her to Fairyland many years ago, before Shaela was Queen, before they had become enemies. Shaela stood her ground, alone, as demons gathered before her. She could see movement high up in the trees, and knew it was her council. A part of her was glad to see them obey her orders, while another part, larger and louder, wished they had agreed to remain hidden. 
With her council present, Shaela would have to pay closer attention to how she directed her power. 
J’dra had warned her of a change that might take over when adrenaline rushed into her body. Shaela could feel it flooding her veins, but her appearance remained the same. Her nails were still short and clean, her skin soft and delicate, her armpits free or venom glands. 
The blood of the shapeshifters hadn’t chosen her, but something else had. 
Lightnings struck on her skin as she whispered words in an ancient tongue lost to all but those magic had blessed. 

*** 

The Queen’s council hid in the branches as instructed. As the demons continued to pour out into their world, they bickered over the best view over the small clearing Alaene had chosen for her Portal. “Move over," the older one hissed. “Your eyes are younger, and can see better!” 
“You move over," the younger one hissed in return. “You’re old, and need not make new memories!” 
The branches moved and rustled until they noted they could just push one of the smaller ones aside so they both could see clearly. 
“Do you think they’ll barge right in?” one of them asked the other. 
“I think they’ll wait for the arrival of their leader before doing anything.” 
“That’s what I would do, too, actually.” 
“Actually, you would go looking for a snack had you wait this long.” 
“That is true, and you’re absolutely right in hinting toward this growing more and more boring by the minute. Should we get snacks?” 
“I vote for beverages.” 
The council settled for a rare kind of fire wine dwarves held in great value, but before fingers could be waved, light caught their eyes. 
“What’s that?” one of them asked. “Is she on fire?” the other one echoed. 
Lightnings struck on her skin, crawling up her arms as the Portal shivered, and one more outsider walked through it. 
Branches moved once more as the council leaned closer to get the best view possible. 

*** 

The level below-ground was darker than the one above. It took a moment for Azán’s eyes to adjust to the lack of light. 
It was warm here, he noted, and the air was filled with the scent of decay. He found it oddly pleasant, comforting, in a way. 
The itch persisted behind his ear. He clawed at it, and noted with little interest that his fingers came back stained with blood. 
“You have arrived, finally," a voice spoke from the shadows. “I’ve felt you since you were born, and wondered how long I have to live. Perhaps now, I can let go.” 
Azán could see the roots now, coiling around someone in the middle of the chamber, embracing the figure like a lover. A soft, dim light outlined both it, and the roots around it. 
A strange longing filled Azán, a longing closely related to what he’d felt after taking his first soul. For a moment, he had existed as two beings instead of one, shared the life and experiences with another. The thrill of the moments preceding that sense of merging meant little to him now; the spiritual connection was more profound than any pleasure of the flesh he could imagine. 
This being, Azán saw with ease, couldn’t exist without the tree. They were one, entwined to create something more, something larger than one could ever hope to be. 
Something powerful. 
The words the being had spoken demanded attention, he realised. “Let go?” Azán asked, approaching the roots, and the one they held. 
“Only one monarch can exist," the being stated. “Surely you must know this.” 
Azán touched the roots. They were warm under his hand, welcoming, inviting. “Yes," he said. “I know.” 
“You have come to release me. It is time for me to dissolve.” 
Something touched Azán’s neck, something soft and careful. He knew without turning what it was: the tree had grown a sapling to reach for him, to taste him. 
To see whether he could be accepted. 
As the being bound in the tree closed its eyes for all times, Azán opened his. 

*** 

“The throne, little one," Alaene spoke. “I have come for it.” 
“You have no right to the throne of Fairyland," Shaela replied. She had expected Azán to lead an army into her realm. Seeing Alaene in his place stirred confusion in her mind. 
Alaene could never claim the throne: only a true heir could do so. She was nothing but a demon, an intruder in the realm of fae. She could smoothen the path for Azán, but not take the crown for herself. 
Though her claim was without reason, she could still eliminate the current monarch, knowing that the presence of an heir had made her vulnerable. 
A well-aimed arrow could easily finish the battle in her favour. 
“My son will sit upon it," Alaene claimed, “as he has in the past.” 
“He is my son," Shaela corrected her, “and he will not return to take my place.” 
For a moment, a passing moment, expression changed on Alaene’s face. Shaela could see her confusion, fading fear, disbelief. This was news to her. She had believed Azán would be more than willing to rule over Fairyland. Hearing Shaela claim otherwise was enough to spark insecurity in her. 
But only for a moment. 
A higher demon never gave into weakness. 
Not even when it might save its skin. 
“You lie," she decided. “Azán will take the throne if I secure it for him.” 
“You may try.” 
Lightnings struck on both sides of the clearing as women, who had once been friends, prepared for battle. 

*** 

“Three gooseberries on Shaela," the younger council proposed. The strength of fire wine had surprised him, and he wasn’t thinking entirely clearly any more. 
“Four," the older replied, producing gooseberries from a pocket. He stared at them intently for a long moment, trying to force them to count as four, before placing them on a leaf between them. “For Shaela," he continued to clarify his intent. 
“We need someone to bet against her, I think," the younger one said musingly. 
“No, when she wins, we’ll just both take seven gooseberries.” 
“From four?” 
“Exactly," the older said with a hiccup. His face was wearing a wide, reassuring smile, and the younger one felt he could believe in his words. 
“Seven it is!” 
“For Shaela!” 
The younger one produced seven gooseberries from another pocket. “I do believe we should put only one bet each, but who cares. Times are desperate, my friend!” He placed the gooseberries onto the leaf. 
“Maybe one more fire wine," the older proposed, “to entertain us during this glorious battle.” 
“One more couldn’t hurt.” 
The sound caused by two goblets clinging together drew no attention from the army of demons spread beneath them, though it was loud enough to cause Shaela’s ear to twitch. Alaene’s army seemed distracted, withdrawn. 
Like they were listening for something. 

*** 

A delicate touch, soft, lingering. 
Azán gave into it, and as he did, the entire history of the tree started to unravel in his mind. He lived it as the tree, breathing the same air with it, in memory, like it was reality. 
He was a seed falling from a tall tree in a land of eternal sunlight, a seed without a future, for no sapling of the great tree could live in the shadow of its mother. His destiny was to be eaten by insects and worms, to return to the earth as a wasted opportunity. 
But before a greedy maw could touch him, a mouse arrived. 
He was picked up, carried carefully into the outside realm where cold air touched him for the first time. He could feel death in the air, frost and winter that came to collect life from all those who lived without shelter. Warmth returned as he exchanged hands, was concealed between two larger ones instead of the tiny paws that had held him before. These hands made him feel safe. He could feel adoration seeping through the touch, adoration that claimed he was special, a treasure to be safely guarded, not just another seed falling to an inevitable death in the mouths of small, hungry things. 
Light faded as he was carried into a new world. What entered through the hands of the one holding him was dim, purple instead of the golden light he’d been born into. He knew the golden rays would never return, and welcomed this new light as a part of his home. 
A home he would share with the one who had rescued him. 
In time, the hands let go of him. He was deposited into nutrient deprived soil where no light could reach him. An instinct told him to reach out, to push himself deeper into the soil. 
To grow. 
He reached, and after a long while, he could see the light again. Drawing on whatever he could get from the thin earth, he reached higher to touch the light. The one who had saved him and brought him here served him well, pouring water on him at regular intervals. 
But the water wasn’t enough, nor was the soil. 
After a while, he had eaten all he had. Death arrived again. It danced around him, enticing him, inviting him to join it. He listened to its promises, all the promises of eternal life and love and beauty beyond imagination. He was ready to go with it, to leave it all behind, to give up, but then he tasted something sweeter than life itself. 
A drop fell into the barren earth. A drop of liquid he eagerly sucked in. 
A drop of life. 
Death was chased away, beyond darkness and shadow. 
Hungry for more, he reached blindly to find the source. His branches grew quickly, hastily, eager to secure the fountain for himself. 
As he touched the warmth, he knew it. This was the being who had fetched him from the land of light, and brought him here to live off of barren earth and tepid water, and given him the drops of precious life. 
A life that sustained the being, as well. 
He hesitated, but briefly, before growing his limbs inside the being, before making it a part of himself. 
From the moment on, he could see through its eyes. The world opened for him, and though it was dimly lit and distorted, he welcomed it as home. 
Small beings danced around him, paying little attention to him, but still appreciating him for simply being there, living, growing in a land where no other thing grew. 
He was a miracle, and the one who had rescued him, a god. 
Together, they formed something more than they could alone. 
Together, they became a monarch, that would not rule over the land, but simple provided stability to it. 
A centre. 
A beacon of hope in eternal, purple twilight. 
Azán could see it all now, his destiny, his purpose. 
He was to become one with the tree, and through it, more than he could ever be on his own. 
A true monarch, but not for Fairyland. 
His place was here, below-ground. 
In Demonland. 
The tree sighed as it reached its limbs to grow into his willing flesh. 
Chapter Twenty-Two

As the voice of the Queen faded, the sun set over the demons’ world. They didn’t rely on a leader; there were no rules or laws in their realm. Each of them obeyed only the master whom it currently served, relying on their sense of morales for guidance. Still, the Queen served to unite them all, to shine over them like a bright beacon of hope. 
She was the only one who had Created, and now that she was gone, all hope was dead. 
What she had made would be forgotten, lost, and with it, hope would die. 
The demons clung to their weapons, grasping them a little bit tighter. They turned their eyes to Alaene, the mistress who gave them orders. 
She was now all they had, the bright centre of their small Universe. 

*** 

Lightnings struck, reaching out to meet their target, and entwined midway. Their power was equal, but Alaene still held the upper hand. 
While destructive power poured from her hands desperate to end Shaela’s life, she barked an order to her army. 
“Attack! Kill the Fairy Queen!” 
The demons had no choice. 
One by one they picked up their weapons the best they could. 
One by one they took a hesitant step toward the one they’d been ordered to kill. 
One by one they set out to fulfil their task. 

*** 

The small demon sat in its cage, alone but not discontent. Though mistress hadn’t given it a new task, she had provided it with nourishment. A small tree bore fruit right next to its cage, and a small fountain spilled clear water by its side. All the demon needed was to reach out. 
Fresh fruit and water filled its belly for the first time in what felt like an eternity as it sat there, listening to the chatter of water, waiting for new orders. It feared mistress had forgotten its existence entirely, but lately, a new concern had risen. 
The voice of the Queen had disappeared. 
The small demon had never had time to contemplate on the matters of the mind. Now, as its inner world had suffered a fundamental loss, it took the time to wonder what the voice of the Queen truly meant for it on a personal level. 
After a short yet thorough moment of retrospection, it came to a conclusion. 
The Queen’s voice was a comfort. While it was present, the world remained constant and reliable. 
Her voice brought order. 
The small demon sighed. The Queen’s presence would be sorely missed, though it hadn’t always been paid that much notice to. 
Just as its body used its newly found moisture to squeeze out a tear, something else filled the void in the small demon’s soul. 
Something very similar to the Queen’s voice, only grander. 
Earlier, the voice had never spoken. It had just been there, like a hum, a vibration of sound offered to children to lull them to sleep. It had never formed words, never given orders, never demanded anything. That voice had served them, asking nothing in return. 
The new one, the one that was entering the void in its soul, was different. 
The small demon sensed a demand, and its urgency forced it to pull and push at the door to the small cage in which it had spent all the days of its existence. 
“Come home," the voice spoke to its soul. 
“Come how now.” 

*** 

Weapons fell to the ground as a new presence filled the army of demons. 
Eyes bright with joy and disbelief looked up, alert and alive again. 
Voices cried out in happiness earlier unknown to the demon-kind, and one by one, they disappeared. 
“What’s happening," the younger council asked, intoxication along with gooseberries completely forgotten. “Where are they going?” 
“And more importantly," the older one added, “why?” 
“Should we go and ask?” 
“Queen Shaela told us to stay up here, where it’s safe. Not that I wouldn’t want to, it’s just…” 
“Defying her direct orders might be hazardous to health," the other one completed the sentence. 
“Quite.” 
Instead of venturing out to investigate, the Queen’s council remained hidden among the branches of a great tree born of sunlight, watching as demons fled, one by one at first, then at an accelerating speed until they were all gone. 
All, but one. 
“She doesn’t seem to be in a hurry to leave," the younger council remarked. 
“Perhaps she didn’t get the command.” 
“Or maybe she wasn’t invited.” 
After a giggling fit caused by this jest dwindled, the Queen’s council left their hiding place in the tree. 
Shaela had instructed them to hide from an army of demons, after all, not a singular one. 

*** 

She could see them leaving, one by one, disappearing as though eaten by the Universe. Fighting off Alaene’s power didn’t demand her full attention: she wasn’t as strong as Shaela, and lacked the ingenuity of a true warrior. She held her off with ease, unwilling to destroy her, unable to decide how to handle her. 
Without her army she was nothing. As the last demon left her, Shaela spoke two sharp words in an ancient tongue to grant herself time to think. 
A cage fell over Alaene. It sealed her inside magical barriers that prevented her from using magic to escape or to injure those around. 
“Well done, majesty!” the Queen’s council said, eager to congratulate Shaela for her victory. 
“Truly a remarkable feat!” 
“The finest battle ever witnessed in Fairyland!” 
“The only battle, actually, since we are both neutral and pretty much invisible to the outside world and far too fickle to concentrate on something as arduous as war.” 
“You do realize that was three things?” 
The council who had spoken earlier paused to look back and to calculate. “Yes, quite right, three things, just as intended.” 
“If you say ‘both’, you can only list two things.” 
“Says who?” 
“Says everyone!” 
“Thank you," Shaela interrupted the exchange that was about to result to a minor scuffle, “but that was hardly a feat. Something pulled the demons away, and I need to know what it was.” 
“We shall regard it a victory.” 
“Druids will sing songs about it.” 
“Paintings shall be painted.” 
“And books… bookted?” 
“Written, I think it is.” 
“And there still is the dilemma with her," Shaela continued, waving a hand at Alaene. “But first, I truly need to know. And I think I know who can tell me.” 
“We do, too!” the council cried happily, rushing after Shaela without a clue of who they were going to talk to. 

*** 

The door wouldn’t open. 
The small demon pushed and pulled, pushed and pulled, but the door was locked tight. Fruit and water had restored it, but it had never been strong. The door proved too powerful an enemy for it. 
When Shaela rushed in, the small demon sat on the floor of its cage, depleted, still weakly pushing and pulling at the door. 
“Small Friend," Shaela said, “where all the demons?” 
“Home," the demon croaked. Its voice still hadn’t restored itself after the long draught. “Voice told us, come home.” 
“What home is this?” 
“Demonland.” 
“And what voice commanded you to return?” 
The demon’s eyes were large and pleading. “If I tell, mistress will let me go?” 
“I will let you go," Shaela promised. 
“Our Queen," the small demon explained as she untied the roots holding the door shut. “Our Queen disappeared, and was replaced with a new voice. This voice told us to come home.” 
The knots opened, and with them, opened the door. The small demon hopped out, paused, frowning. It looked up at Shaela, and giggled in a way that could only be described as apologetic. 
“I could have done this with the door closed," it said, and disappeared like the Universe had swallowed it. 

*** 

“Did that make sense to you?” the council asked. 
“I don’t think it made sense to anyone who isn’t a demon," Shaela sighed, “but I can guess.” 
She glanced at her throne, and noted it had restored itself to the condition it had been upon the moment of her death. 
“It said the voice of their Queen had been replaced by another," Shaela said, thinking aloud rather than explaining the situation to her council. “Before, while you were fetching berries, Azán contacted me.” She chose to ignore the angered frowns from her council. “He warned me about the army Alaene had gathered, and of her intentions to take my life. During that conversation, I advised him to seek his own place in life. 
“His own home. 
“Perhaps he has found it.” 
The council gasped for air. The Queen’s reasoning made sense, but it was missing a piece. 
A piece they had. 
“Demonland!” they shrieked. 
“When we went to Demonland, we learned they have a tree.” 
“Much like ours.” 
“And inside the tree, they have a Queen.” 
“Not much like ours.” 
“When we went there, she said a new prospect to her throne had been born.” 
“And that the prospect was coming.” 
“And that she had little time to live.” 
“Perhaps she died and Azán took her place.” 
“That would explain the voice dying and the new one taking its place.” 
The council congratulated each other for a story well told, but Shaela’s face was drawn, like she was lost in thought. 
“It does make sense," she said, “But we need a way to make certain.” 
She looked up, and the council saw what she was thinking. 
“No!” they protested. “Absolutely not!” 
“What’s the harm? You’ve been there before!” 
Epilogue 

The Queen’s council waddled along the same road as once before, holding hands and tails. After a long and fruitless argument with the Queen, they had waved their fingers to don the disguises they’d worn on their previous visit to Demonland, and set out to find out what exactly had happened. 
“I still don’t think this is a marvellous idea," Basil said, quoting the Queen’s exact expression. 
“More like horrendous," Jobe echoed, glancing around first to make certain Shaela hadn’t followed them. They giggled at their insubordination, feeling rejuvenated now that they got to both do an immense favour for the Queen and mock her while her back was turned. Being reckless for a change made them feel like they could achieve anything. 
It didn’t take them long to reach the tree. 
During their first visit to Demonland, the tree had been small and bent, a travesty of the tree that grew in Fairyland, a twisted mockery of its example. 
What they saw now made them gasp for breath. 
The tree was still small, but now it stood straight. Its branches reached up to the skies heavy with leafs, flowers, and fruit. Its trunk was still purple like the soil it grew in, but everything that had grown to bless it and those around it, shone with gold. 
“Is it the same tree?” Basil asked in a very small voice. 
“It can’t be," Jobe said in a similarly small voice. 
“But it must be," Basil continued. 
“… for nothing else grows in Demonland.” 
Their steps were small as they continued, small and hesitant. 
They didn’t really want to enter the tree, but Shaela had told them to find out everything. It was their moral obligation to investigate. 
No-one stepped in their way as they entered the tree. Demons all around danced and sang, their voices filled with joy the council hadn’t heard before. Horns were polished, fruits enjoyed, jests told, and all the while, the golden light that fell from the tree blessed the land and those who walked upon it. 
“Do you want to push the button?” Basil asked once they stood on the pad. 
“No, that’s alright. You’re younger, and children always get to push the button.” 
Delighted, Basil placed his finger onto the button, and gave it a sturdy push to make the elevator start its journey to the bowels of the tree, the darkness of below-ground. 
The descend didn’t take long, though the council wished it had. They didn’t really want to see what was waiting for them below. 
“I thought someone might come," the one entwined into the tree spoke, “though I did not expect it to be you two.” 
The roots glowed with the same golden light as the leaves and flowers the tree had grown. The light was soft, scattered, but enough to illuminate the small chamber. 
“What happened to the Queen?” the council asked, their voices even smaller than before. 
“She was consumed," the new monarch said, a hint of sadness in his voice. “A living being cannot live forever. It was her time to go.” 
“And you took her place.” 
“I took her place, willingly, and with gratitude.” 
Roots, purple and golden, had grown into Azán. His process of becoming a part of the tree was still beginning. His fingers had melted into the tree’s bark, but not yet his arms. He stood on his own feet, for now, but soon, they, too, would become one with the tree’s flesh. A branch had found its way into his head to connect his consciousness with that of the tree. A spot right behind his ear had proven fruitful. 
“You will deliver my message for the Queen of Fairyland," Azán asked, but the council knew it was an order not to be denied. 
“Anything, your majesty," they stuttered, grateful all they were asked was to serve as messengers. 

*** 

“I see," Shaela said after hearing the council’s tale. “I had not imagined such to be possible.” 
“I don’t think anyone could have, to be quite honest.” The council glanced at each other, and continued. “He asked that you return the she-demon to him so that he may punish her accordingly.” 
Shaela glanced over at the cage where Alaene stood, bound and gagged, and nodded. “It is for the best," she decided. “If I keep her, she will stand there until the end of her days, or until I take pity on her, whichever comes sooner. Punishment is not in my nature, and she deserves one.” 
“That sounds quite harsh," the council sighed. It wasn’t in a fairy’s nature to send others, no matter how they had wronged those around, to be tortured and humiliated. 
“Sometimes, a Queen must be cruel.” She gave a sign to the council. They snapped their fingers in complete sync, and the cage disappeared, like the Universe itself had swallowed it. 
“And the peace treaty?” the council asked. There was one part about their duties as royal messengers their did enjoy: bringing good news to everyone. 
“I will sign it at once.” 
A leaf fashioned out as a pen was pulled out of the air. Shaela’s signature sealed the wishes of the new monarch of Demonland. 
The feud that had started with a succubus seducing Queen Dey’s husband, kind King Florian, would end as blood bound the two kingdoms, that of Fairies, and that of Demons, together. With Shaela ruling over Fairyland, and her son over Demonland, a new era of mutual coexistence would begin. 
“Now," the older council said. “Since we have done so much for everyone lately, I do believe we have earned a prize.” 
“Yes, well put. We deserve a prize.” 
The council seated themselves in comfortable chairs opposite of Shaela’s throne. 
“And what prize. might that be?” Shaela asked. 
“Tell us about mermaids," the council demanded. “We know there are some around.” 
“Or at least there have been some.” 
Shaela laughed, and her laughter reminded the ringing of silvery bells. “All right," she said, and, after a moment of thought, began. 
“I will tell you the story of Krii-atha, a mermaid who fell in love with a dr’chen warrior.” 
A word from the author 

Well hello there. Thank you for picking up this free ebook, and making it all the way to the last page. When writing this, I wondered whether or not I would ever see the last page, but here it is, in all its glory. 
I wrote this book, a story of fairies and demons, for National Novel Writing Month during the month of November in 2021. Upon entering the challenge, I had only a vague idea of the story. I saw, with my mind’s eye, a tree, broken and bent, growing from barren, purple land, and nothing more. The tree didn’t grow as I wrote, but the world around it did. An image turned into a fairy tale, was finished, promptly shoved into a folder, and forgotten. 
I didn’t think the story was any good. Writing without a plan makes me feel that what comes out is scattered, disorganized, lacking point and purpose. 
As March rolled out, I took out the book. I leafed through it, and decided to edit it. I added a chapter here and there, trimmed the branches a bit, and settled to read what I had written. 
I thoroughly enjoyed the story. So much so that I decided to publish it. 
Battle of the Kingdom starts where Fairy’s Tale ended. It takes place in the same Universe, a Universe I’ve grown to love dearly. These events take place after the fourth, yet to see the light of day, part of the Sha-e-Fa -series, and shed light on events that came to pass decades, centuries ago. 
I’ll continue with Krii-atha’s tale in November 2022, but before that, I will try to finish the fourth part. 
Once again, thank you for reading my story. 

Love, 
Heather Wielding
