A Pearl for Her Eyes
A Jake Conrad Mythological Mystery

Brad A. White
Published by Blue Oranda Publishing at Smashwords
Copyright 2013 Brad A. White

Discover other titles from Blue Oranda Publishing at Smashwords.com

Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Dedication
This one is for the board with thanks.


I do not know much about gods; but I think that the river
Is a strong brown god—sullen, untamed and intractable,
Patient to some degree, at first recognised as a frontier;
Useful, untrustworthy, as a conveyor of commerce;
Then only a problem confronting the builder of bridges.
The problem once solved, the brown god is almost forgotten
By the dwellers in cities—ever, however, implacable.
Keeping his seasons and rages, destroyer, reminder
Of what men choose to forget. Unhonoured, unpropitiated
By worshippers of the machine, but waiting, watching and waiting.

- T.S. Eliot, Dry Salvages



Table of Contents
Chapter One - A View from a Tower
Chapter Two - A View from the Grandstand
Chapter Three - Night and Fog
Chapter Four - Enter the Dragon
Chapter Five - Clippers and Cutters
Chapter Six - Brine
Chapter Seven - Dinner and a Show
Chapter Eight - Smoke and Steam
Chapter Nine - Back on Track
Chapter Ten - Picking up the Pieces
Chapter Eleven - Paradise
Chapter Twelve - The Lady in the Lake
Chapter Thirteen - The Underworld
Chapter Fourteen - Among the Dead
Chapter Fifteen - On Edge
Chapter Sixteen - Storms at Sea
Chapter Seventeen - Guns for Prometheus
Chapter Eighteen - Manzanar
Chapter Nineteen - Katabasis
Chapter Twenty - The Salt of the Earth
Chapter Twenty-one - A Pearl for Her Eyes
Epilogue
About the Author
Chapter One - A View from a Tower
She was driving the right car, the cherry red Jaguar XK120 that shone like torch in the night when she flashed through the sun shafting down from the breaks in the clouds. I hung back two blocks in my Olds Eighty-Eight and followed her easily as she drove from the mansion on Pacific Heights down Broadway and through the heart of town to Telegraph Hill. I only had to blow through one red light to the annoyed honking of my fellow drivers, but she didn't look back. I could tell already she wasn't the type to look over her shoulder, not the type to consider the consequences. She wore the red headscarf her husband had given her, a silk thing, expensive, with gold dragons on it. A personal gift from Generalissimo Chaing Kai-Shek, her husband had told me in such an easy boast that I almost believed him. It would stand out beautifully in the photographs. She was making it easy for me.
They chose a place under some trees. Plenty of cover from the peek-a-boo sun, but a clean line of sight from Coit Tower. I parked near, but not too near, the red Jaguar, and hurried into the Tower. The murals were still there with their little touches of Marxism, each one a little stab at Joe McCarthy. Maybe McCarthy couldn't name the commies in the State Department, but if he came through here he'd have plenty of artists to lock up. In one mural someone I thought I should recognize was reaching for a copy of Das Kapital. I just shook my head and moved on. I never really cared about politics.
The elevator was at the ground floor, a lucky break, and within a minute I was at the top, just another guy with a camera and a telephoto lens. Just another photographer trying to capture the beauty of San Francisco, that omnipresent but elusive beauty, so hard to quantify, so hard to forget. Two hundred feet up I set up the tripod and faked a few horizon shots. The brim of my hat got in the way, so I took it off, placed it on the marble rail, and hoped the wind would try to carry it off. The clouds were starting to break up, the sun giving up on its childish game and shining out clear, giving me the light I'd need. I aimed down, focused, looked for my target like a sniper. I was going to take her life today in some sense.
The two of them sat on the blanket in Pioneer Park. They were at ease, happy with the world. He was sitting up, a glass of red in his hand, she was lying down, head in his lap. He leaned over to kiss her and I snapped a shot. Not the most artful, but his face was pretty clear. Her face was shadowed, but the headscarf was there. The dragons were there.
Then the clouds parted, torn away, and the sun burned down. In split seconds San Francisco shed her heavy gray coat. The city changed in an instant, like a prim schoolmarm letting her hair free, letting it cascade down her shoulders. Beautiful either way, but heart-stoppingly beautiful for a moment.
The sun fell heavy on the two of them, even through the cover of the trees. She took off her headscarf, her short auburn hair blew free in the light wind, and I snapped another picture. A clear one, there was no mistaking who she was. Her hair reminded me of someone, and with a little ache in my heart I knew exactly who, but I pushed it out of my mind. First things first, and some bourbon would take care of the rest. When they kissed a second time, the angle was perfect, I could see her lips, her eyes, which were open even as their lips mashed together. Small nose, upturned at the tip, some freckles there, or was I imagining that? I could even make out the long eyelashes. Evelyn Walker kissed her lover, and I snapped another picture for her husband. Hope you enjoyed the good life, lady, because it was about to end, I thought with a small pang of regret. That's what seeking your happiness gets you, Evelyn. The Jaguar, the Pacific Heights mansion, the cash, the stylish clothes, all vanished from her future one by one as they kissed and caressed and held each other while I snapped pictures from the distance, her fatal voyeur.
I watched for the rest of the hour as they ate chicken and grapes, split a bottle of red wine, and kept kissing from time to time. The day was growing hot, the mid-July sun standing high. The back of my neck was starting to prickle, and I knew I'd get a burn out of it.
Finally, she put the headscarf with the dragons back on, and I took a final shot. I had enough. A nice little portfolio of treachery and adultery. I wondered if Colonel Walker would want something more explicit. Probably not; he didn't seem to be the sort, and that took a lot more work. I opened the trunk, started piling the camera equipment back in there. I heard a deep-throated roar of the Jaguar coming to life. Evelyn Walker drove past, too fast for the parking lot, and I caught a last look at her profile, so young.
Sorry, sister, I thought to myself as I closed the trunk with a final thud and got into the car, but I have a job to do. Twenty dollars a day, plus expenses. Time to run up some of those expenses.
A quick lunch, a Reuben on sourdough. The sauerkraut sat like guilt in my stomach along with lukewarm coffee. I tipped a quarter, got a receipt for expenses, and set off to the pharmacist. I had some bottles of acetic acid, thiosulfate and clearing agent, my tools to destroy Evelyn Walker, back at the office, but I thought the Colonel could afford to buy me some fresh chemicals. Then back to the car and to the office.
The fleet was in town, or at least a good portion of it, getting ready to set out for Korea. A kid was yelling about an “extra, extra,” an American task force destroyed by the North Koreans, Truman talking tough, the North Koreans driving south past Seoul. Not my problem, not my politics. The sailors were drunk, stumbling down the streets in the early afternoon, trying to drive the war out of their minds for a few hours, at least. They'd be seeing it face to face soon enough. Me? I'd had my war, and I knew it was a young man's game.
The lobby was dingy, smelled of sweat and smoke, and someone was dead or passed out on the threadbare couch under the dusty mirror. I called the elevator, heard it start its rattling way down from above. No elevator operators here, and that was fine by me. I didn't always want people to know who was coming up to my office. I pulled the gate open, stepped in, and started to pull it shut. “Hold the elevator, please!” piped a reedy voice.
Bernie Hoffstader, followed by two of his thugs, came into the lobby at a quick pace, or at least as quick a pace as he could on his small legs and with his boys dragging a pale, shaking man by his elbows. “Ah, Mister Conrad,” Bernie said. He was a small man with a bald waxed head and a small waxed mustache. His suit was cheap and his cologne was bad, but it almost covered up the smell of piss from the man his thugs shoved into the elevator. “So good to see you today.”
“You too, Bernie,” I replied, tipping my hat to him. I gave a curt professional nod to his boys, got curt professional nods back from them. No nonsense. I liked that about Bernie. The other guy, hemmed in by Bernie's goons, mouthed “Help me.” I looked away, busied myself with pushing the button for the fourth floor. As if there was anything I could do, even if I gave a damn. It's a pretty simple rule: you stiff Bernie Hoffstader on a bet, you deserve what you get and you get what you deserve. Bernie was one of the most powerful bookies in town, deep connections to Anthony Lima and even deeper connections to Vegas. Bernie may have looked like an accountant, but he was a made man, and a pretty nice guy.
Unless you stiffed him. With Bernie, his boys, me, and the welsher all crammed into the elevator, there was a pretty thick miasma of fear, sweat, urine, and cologne. “How are you today, Mister Conrad?” Bernie asked conversationally.
“Pretty good, Bernie. Turning into a pretty nice day. Sun's shining.” I learned a long time ago that it never hurt to be polite to the mob.
“Certainly nice for some of us,” Bernie said, sparing a glance for the poor bastard heading up to his fate. “Not for others. Some people bet against the Seals and couldn't cover it. What is the world coming to, Mister Conrad?” Bernie wondered sadly.
“I don't know, Bernie, don't know,” I replied, shaking my head in sympathy. This guy was in serious trouble. Bad enough to welsh Bernie, but to bet against his beloved Seals, that was just asking for pain. “Way of the world, I guess.”
“Too true.” The elevator finally groaned to a stop at the fourth floor. Seemed like a damn long ride to me, but was probably far too short for the welsher. I pulled the gate open and let the thugs drag off their boy. Bernie lingered, blocking the elevator door with his small body. “I have two tickets to the twi-night tonight, Mister Conrad. Interested?” He looked at me with eager, lonely eyes. I'd gone with Bernie a couple of times to Seals Stadium for a twi-night, an afternoon game, and then one under the lights. Always ended up losing money, but having a good time. Most bookies didn't bet, just like most pushers didn't rid the horse. Bernie did, though, and he was damn good at it. He'd bet on anything at a Seals game, the next pitch, the final score, whether the hot dog or peanut vendor would show up next.
“Maybe, Bernie. I have to deal with a case first. I'll give you call if I can make it.” Like I said, it never hurt to be nice to the mob.
“Very good, Mister Conrad,” he said with a hopeful smile. A lonely man, Bernie Hoffstader. “Well, we both have work to do. I hope we don't disturb you.”
“Should I send Sarah home?” My new secretary was a little more delicate then my last one. Most mortals were. Hadn't saved her from a head shot on a slope of scree outside of Los Angeles, though. I hadn't saved her either.
“So kind you are, always thinking of her,” Bernie said. “Perhaps just give her a long lunch?”
“You got it, Bernie.” We shook hands, Bernie stepped aside, and I moved toward my office.
“Mister Conrad?” I turned back. Bernie had a strange sad look on his face, like a dog missing his master. “Whatever happened to your previous secretary, Clio?”
I swallowed, laughed nervously. “She owe you money?”
He laughed. “Oh, no, most certainly not. I just enjoyed her company. She was a lovely girl, very intelligent. A pleasant conversationalist.”
“I didn't know she spent any time with you, Bernie.” A sudden pang of envy stung me. “She went home.”
“More's the pity, Mister Conrad. We shall not see her like again.” He sighed. “Don't forget the game, if you can make it.” He started off toward his office door.
“I'll give you a call,” I said. “And give me a few minutes to get Sarah out, all right?”
“Of course.” With a slight bow, he opened the door to his office and went inside.
Sarah was doing her nails. She spent a lot of time doing that, long red nails, always glossy under the lights. It was fine by me, as long as there wasn't a client in the room. And there hadn't been a lot of clients lately, so I guess it was good she had something to do with her time.
“Hello, Mister Conrad,” she said, without looking up from her hands.
“Afternoon, Sarah. Any messages?” I hung up my hat, looked at the slightly discolored rectangle on the wall where Clio's scroll used to hang.
“Nope, nothing.” The nail file scraped over her fingers. I hated that sound.
“OK. Listen, why don't you take a long lunch. Bernie has a client next door.”
She sighed theatrically, finally looked up at me through thick eyelashes and heavy mascara. “Mister Conrad, isn't what he does, well, illegal? Shouldn't you call the cops?”
I poured myself some coffee. She was a good kid, but naïve as hell, really didn't understand how the world worked. “Listen, Sarah, he owns the cops. They know what he's doing. And he's not a bad guy. He doesn't work people over for fun.” I sipped the coffee, and it was terrible and hot. “If you're going to make a bet, you'd better be able to cover it.”
She shrugged. “I wouldn't know.”
“Yeah, you're without sin, aren't you?” I said. I checked my watch. “Take two hours, be back by three.”
She didn't hesitate, sweeping up her purse and hat. “Thanks, Mister Conrad,” and she was gone.
I took my coffee and opened the door to the inner office, my sanctum, such as it was. I shut it behind me and pulled down the shade, then closed the curtains tight. I unscrewed the white bulb from my desk lamp and replaced it with a red one. The bottom drawer of the file cabinet held my trays and forceps. I poured my chemicals and rinses into the trays, ran a piece of clothesline between the doorknob and the window sash, and reminded myself, once again, not to trip over the damn thing in the dark. I flipped off with lights and the room plunged into semi-darkness, daylight peeking through the part in the curtains. It would be good enough. There was a thump from next door, a whimper passed through the wall. I fumbled for the lamp, turn it on, and got a nice red glow, like sunset, as something wet snapped behind the thin walls with a wail.
It took most of two hours to get the negatives done and get them enlarged. I hung them with clothespins on the line. I smoked a few cigarettes as they dried while listening to the noises from Bernie's office. His boys were really working the guy over. Must not have any money at all. Usually, if you could cough up some of the dough, you'd limp out minus a few fingers. Bernie was practical like that. Better to get pennies on the dollar then get nothing and have to dump a corpse. This guy, though, he was going to be an lesson for the others. A very simple lesson: Don't screw with Bernie Hoffstader. And don't bet against the Seals unless you can cover your bets.
What happened to Clio? Bernie's question nagged at me, and I pulled a bottle of bourbon from my desk drawer and poured a shot, the first of many I'd need tonight to forget about what happened to Clio long enough to get some sleep. I had a muse once. I had her scroll on the wall and was too stupid to know it. I had the muse of history at my beck and call, and I used her as my secretary. I could have had her, body and soul, but I sat her behind a desk and talked to her about the hard cases. She always had some thoughts about them, just enough to get my brain working in the right direction. She had a short haircut and freckles on her nose. And then she vanished, just didn't come to work one day. Her sister came to find her, paid me twenty dollars a day. So I had another muse, Erato, the muse of erotic poetry, and I got her body for a night, at least, in a hotel room in Los Angeles. Fell in love with her for a couple of hours. Like I fell in love with Clio.
I tracked Clio to Los Angeles, where Urania, another damn muse, the muse of astronomy, had a Nazi Colonel shoot Clio in the head. Buried her in a shallow grave on an L.A. hillside. And one night about six months ago they all died.
What happened to Clio? What happened to Erato? I really didn't know. I buried Erato and Urania on that hillside next to Clio and went home to San Francisco and tried to get on with my life. Maybe I had. But I still dreamed of them every night, Clio behind her desk, Erato in bed, and Urania framed by the cold distant stars.
The bourbon was gone. The noises had stopped in Bernie's office. The cigarette was dead in my hand. And the photographs were dry. Little works of art, capturing the end of a marriage. Poor Evelyn.
I took the pictures down from the clothesline and packed them into a folder, wrapped them in a red ribbon. Presentation is everything, even in my game. I put away the chemicals, the clothesline, and got some white light shining again in the office. I opened the curtain and the windows to let the clean air sweep out the chemical stench. Sarah was back at her desk, working on her damn nails again. “You can head home,” I said, putting my hat back on. “I probably won't be back tonight.”
“OK, Mister Conrad,” she said to my back, the rasping of the file chasing me into the hall, where one of Bernie's boys was dragging a sack of meat toward the elevator. We exchanged nods, and I decided to take the stairs.
The day had gotten even warmer, the sky cloudless. I got into the Olds 88. It was a small car with a big engine, tan and nondescript, wouldn't draw any eyes. Well worth the money. The engine throbbed as I drove to Pacific Heights. I got there too quickly.
The Walker estate was an ancient pile of brick that some modern architect had made an ill-advised attempt to rebuild. It was hard to tell where the old work ended and the new work began, but not in a good way. Instead, the entire house was just a mess of bad lines, strange corners, and too many windows. I stopped at the gate and yelled into the intercom. “Jake Conrad to see Colonel Walker.” The gate groaned open.
Walker had made his money in salt and chemicals. Salt mines up in the mountains, and salt flats down on the coast, sulfur, saltpeter, nitrates. He had a big Government contract during the war for salt. Salt for the entire Pacific. Walker salt tablets fueled the Marines on Guadalcanal, Walker salt marched into Tokyo in the Army rations. And Walker phosphorus rained down on Tokyo. Rich on Uncle Sam's dime, he bought the estate and a lovely little young wife. And a two-bit private eye to prove that she was unfaithful.
The red Jaguar was parked in the driveway. I pulled in next to it. As I got out, I caught a whiff of perfume, had a brief stirring as I remembered Erato's smell. The headscarf with the dragons with lying in the passenger's seat. I walked up the path to the estate, past marble satyrs and fauns. I heard a steady hollow beat from up ahead where, on a red clay court, Evelyn was playing tennis against the wall. She was sending the ball against the wall with a ferocity that was out of place with her slight frame, running hard around the court. Her hair bounced as she swung the racket. She was graceful, dancing with the ball and the wall. She had changed into a little white tennis dress, white socks. I watched as she leaned over to return a low ball. Walker had spent his money well. I kept going.
The doors to the estate opened, a fat man in a tuxedo told me that Walker would see me in the office, right this way. I followed the penguin through a maze of hallways, dark wood and pictures of old dead men. “Mister Conrad, sir,” the butler announced as he hefted open a pair of heavy wooden doors.
“Come in, Conrad,” said a rasping voice. Walker sat behind a translucent desk, the sun from the garden windows shining through it, giving it the luster of a pearl. It took a second and third look for me to realize it has been carved from a block of rock salt, ground down and polished like marble. The windows were open, and I could hear Evelyn bouncing the tennis ball into the wall, a steady rhythm like a heartbeat.
Walker was tall, gaunt, and as translucent as his desk. His skin looked like damp paper, his hair thin and wiry, veins stood out in relief on his withered hands. His eyes were piercing blue. The room smelled of brine, the sea, and dead things on the shore. “Good afternoon, sir,” I said. There was a pane of glass on the top of the desk to protect the salt from his sweat, from spills.
“Take a seat, Conrad,” he said. As I walked across the room he pulled a black rubber mask from under his desk and inhaled deeply. “God damn lungs,” he muttered. “It's hell getting old, Conrad. I don't recommend it.”
“I'll keep that in mind, sir,” I said, sitting in front of the desk. There was salt on the carpet around the desk, flakes and grains from the desk.
We sat in silence, only the sound of his rasping lungs and the beat of the tennis ball. Finally, he spoke. “Well? What did you find?”
I opened my briefcase, pulled out the folder, and untied the ribbon for him. Without saying anything, I passed it over. He spread them out on the desk. “Well, well, well,” he said quietly, before he took another breath from the mask. There was a tank of oxygen on a set of wheels next to his chair. He picked up a particularly nice shot of Evelyn and the man kissing, the Bay sparkling beyond them. “What's his name?”
“I don't know, sir. I can find out.” It wouldn't be very difficult. Neither one was trying to hide.
“Are they lovers?” His eyes glinted.
“Sir?” The noise of the tennis ball had stopped.
“Are they fucking, Conrad?” he snarled. “Simple question!”
I looked down at the front of the desk. It was carved with nymphs, naiads, bosomy myths cavorting in salt waves. “I don't know. I can find out.” I paused. “That'll cost you more, though.”
He shook his head with a snap. “Doesn't matter. Your job's done.”
I nodded and stood. “I'll send you a final bill with expenses.” He grunted, waved me off, and I turned to leave. Something stopped me at the door. When I turned back, he was studying the pictures. “Colonel Walker?” He glanced up. “Don't hurt her,” I said.
“Excuse me, Conrad?” he snarled.
“Send her off, break her, but don't hurt her.” I put my hand on the door handle, started to open it. “You know they can make me testify against you.” I really wasn't sure why I was trying to anger the client. It just had to be done. Guilt, I suppose, a lousy trait for any shamus.
“How dare you, Conrad?” he said, pushing himself shakily to his feet. “What are you implying?” His fingernails scraped on the salt desk as he held himself up.
“I'm not implying anything, sir,” I replied, carefully keeping my tone neutral. “But I've been in this business a long time. Anything happens to her, the cops are going to come see me. I don't want to get involved.”
He relaxed, laughed, then coughed. Another hit from the mask on the desk and he fell back into his seat. His eyes glared over the black rubber mask. “Don't worry about that, Conrad,” he said through the mask, his voice a thousand miles away. “I'll deal with my affairs, you deal with yours.”


Chapter Two – A View from the Grandstand
The batter swung hard at an easy pitch that drifted across the plate as slow and lazy as a late summer bumblebee. He connected, but the bat cracked with a hollow meaty sound, like a kneecap shattering, and cork spewed out across the infield. Everyone began to yell, the pitcher threw down his glove and charged the plate, the umpire's hands flew in secret signals, and, up in the grandstand, the crowd booed and jeered. “Ha ha, Mister Conrad,” Bernie Hoffstader said. He didn't laugh, he just said it, “ha ha,” like he really wasn't sure how to people laughed, but had read a few books on the subject. “That's a nickel to me.”
“What?” I was distracted, watching the manager for the Seals storm out to scream at the manager for the Rainiers. They kicked red dirt on each others’ shoes. Half the crowd wanted a brawl to break out, the other half wanted to game to continue.
“You bet that the next pitch would be a hit. Five cents, Mister Conrad.” He raised his thumb and forefinger together.
I grinned. “OK, OK, can I run a tab?” The ump had gotten between the managers and was vanishing behind the growing red cloud. Baseball always put me in a good mood. The beer, the bad food, the sea air and the crowds. Went right to my head.
His smile widened. “So long as you can pay it off!” Given that he'd murdered a man earlier today, his little joke wasn't too funny, but I kept smiling as the dust on the field settled. It was the fifth inning of the second game. The sun had set and the lights were snapping on, popping like little tiny handguns, glowing with an audible hum that threatened to set my teeth on edge. The field was bathed with harsh white light, and it glinted off Bernie's waxed scalp.
I hadn't managed to get to the first game, which the Rainiers took, three to two. Bernie had left me a ticket at the box office and was like a little kid at Christmas when he saw me. He bought me a beer and a hot dog and we settled down to watch.
The Seals and their fans were out for blood now, and the stadium rocked with cheers as the umps threw the corker off the field and out of the game. “Cheaters, Mister Conrad, I very much do not like cheaters,” Bernie said with finality, taking a fastidious bite of a plain hot dog.
“Not too fond of them myself,” I said, thinking of Evelyn in her little tennis dress.
I guess he could read minds, because he smiled again and touched the end of the mustache. “Really? I would think in your line of business cheaters were a valuable source of income, ha ha!”
“Yeah, I guess so.” The evening was turning chilly. “Doesn't mean I have to like them, right?” We turned our attention back to the game as the Seals took the field. Bottom of the fifth, no score, and the Rainiers' pitcher smoked the first Seals batter with three fast sliders. Boos all around, even from the real seal they kept in the tank at the base of the grandstand. It hauled its bulk halfway out of the water and barked, and the fans nearby laughed and tossed peanuts into the tank. The seal hauled its bulk back into the water and chased the peanuts around.
“Poor bastard,” I muttered.
“Who, the seal?” Bernie said.
“Yeah. Trapped. Should be out there swimming, eating fish. Free.” I shrugged.
“Why, Mister Conrad, I would not have pegged you as having such a soft spot in your heart for animals.” Bernie looked amused.
“Well, dumb animals have to stick together,” I replied, settling back in my seat. The second batter went down in a hail of spitballs. More boos. The fans began to stamp their feet, rocking the stadium and raising a roar as the third batter walked out to the plate.
“Mister Conrad,” Bernie said. “May I call you Jacob?” The tone of his voice had shifted; the bonhomie of the game was gone. This was business, I realized.
“Nope,” I said. His face fell into a frown, and I chuckled. “No one calls me Jacob. My friends call me Jake, so how about Jake, Bernie?”
“Jake, yes, Jake,” he said, with enthusiasm, like I had just given him a gift. “Jake,” he repeated, getting a taste for the world, “may I ask you a question?”
The batter whiffed an easy pitch. “Uh, sure, Bernie,” I said cautiously.
“Excellent, excellent, thank you,” he said, rubbing his hands together, then steepling them before his face, framing his waxed mustache. “Would you be so kind as to do some work for me?” The batter held back, waiting out a high ball. The count was one and one.
I finally turned to look at him. His face was set with an odd inquisitive cast, looking past me, out into the stands, or perhaps straight into the lights. “What kind of work, Bernie?”
He ran his fingers along his mustache. “Well, Jake, in my line of work, I have customers who don't want to be found. You can understand that. You could find them for me.” His fingers stayed poised on his mustache.
Down below, a knuckle-ball drew a bad swing. Two and one. A made man in the local syndicate was offering me a job. I took a gulp of the beer. The bastards had really watered it down.
“Bernie, you know I like you, right?” He nodded sharply. “And I don't care about what you do. Someone gets into business with you, he knows what he's getting into.” Another pitch, low and outside, and the batter let it fly by. Two and two. “And I know who you work for.” His face changed, a frown forming, one hand falling to his side, the other staying on his talismanic mustache. “I mean work with,” I corrected myself hastily. Another pitch, into the dirt, bouncing across the plate to the laughter of the crowd. Three and two, full count. “And I can't work with those people. Nothing personal, Bernie, but you know I was a cop, right? I mean, there's a right side and a . . . .” A final pitch, a loud crack. I snapped my attention back to the field in time to see the ball soaring up into the lights, past the lights, rising brilliant white against the black sky, a comet heading for space. A hell of a hit, and I rose with the rest of the crowd in silence, watching it fly. No question, a home run, out of the park and gone forever, and crowd roared in joy.
“Wow!” I said. “Did you see that? That kid's got real potential, he's going places.” I looked down at Bernie, the only Seal fan in the stadium not standing, not cheering.
Bernie shook his head emphatically. “No, he is not. He is not going anywhere, Jake. No more DiMaggios, no more Feldmans. He's strictly minor league.” The batter was rounding the bases slowly, savoring his hit. “You know an offer like this comes exactly once, Jake. An offer to move up to the major leagues.”
I sat back down. “I know, Bernie. Please don't take it personally.”
“I won't, Jake, but I must admit I'm disappointed. Certainly you can use the money.” He held up his palms, empty. “I see how few clients you have.”
“Money's not really a worry for me.” Not since I got a package of ancient coins from Syracuse, the one in Sicily, not the one in New York, payment for getting three Muses killed. Heavy and gold with the face of a forgotten river god on it. I'd sold exactly one of one hundred to a dealer in Oakland. Next year, maybe, I'd sell another one.
“I see.” He took another delicate bite of his hot dog, and then smoothed down his mustache. “I have been wondering about that, Jake. The new car. Nice, but not too flashy, not too expensive. I thought you must have come into some money, Jake. Right after Clio vanished.” The look on my face must have been obvious, because he backtracked fast. “Not that I'm saying anything, Jake. But it looks . . . funny.” He leaned away from me as the crowd sat back down for the next batter.
“I didn't do anything to her, Bernie.” There was a tone in my voice I didn't like, and he didn't either. His fingers were back on his mustache, and mine were curling into fists.
“Forgive me, Jake, again, I was not trying to imply anything.” Down on the field the batter had scored a double, the crowd was excited, but the game up here was a lot more important to me. “So what did happen to her?”
“What's it to you, Bernie? She was my damn secretary, not yours,” I snapped. I took a deep breath to get my temper under control.
“We've taken in interest in you, Jake, an interest you sadly do not seem ready to reciprocate. When we take an interest, we try to learn about the person. We know you went to Los Angeles with a client. When you returned, Clio was not seen again. It's strange.” He looked back down to the field as the Seals scored again, a triple off the double.
“You trying to blackmail me, Bernie?” The words came out tight and angry.
He turned back to me, shocked and maybe a bit hurt. “No, Jake, no! We have made our offer, you've rejected it, and that is that. Maybe we should just enjoy the game.”
“Yeah, maybe we should.” We sat in silence as the Seals went up by four. By the bottom of seventh it was six to one, and it looked good for the Seals. I bought beers and peanuts for us both and tried to relax.
The Rainiers took the field for the top of the eighth. “She really was something, Jake,” Bernie said wistfully.
“She sure as hell was, Bernie, she sure as hell was.” We tapped our cups together.
“To Clio,” Bernie said.
“To Clio.” The peanuts were salty and the beer went down easily, and we sat back to enjoy the rest of the game. The Seals walked away with it, nine to three, and one of Bernie's thugs drove us back to our offices. We both got out. Fog was starting to flow in between the buildings as the evening damp rose.
“Last chance, Jake,” Bernie said, extending a hand as we stood under a streetlight in the fog.
I took his hand, gave it a firm shake. He had a weak grip, to my surprise, limp as a fish. “No deal, Bernie. You do your business, and I'll do mine.”
He nodded. “If you see Clio again, do tell her I enjoyed our talks.” His face was impossible to read.
“I don't think that's going to happen.” I turned away, started down the dark streets toward my apartment.
“More's the pity, Jake,” he called after me. “After all, even a mobster can use a muse.” By the time I turned back, he was already in his car, being driven away. The fog devoured him.


Chapter Three – Night and Fog
I walked back to my apartment as the fog thickened and the evening got colder. I had left the car back at the apartment, but that was all right. I needed the walk. I needed to think and to seethe. Something black was boiling in my brain, a nasty little angry worm. Clio was my muse, she was my secret. She had never told me what she really was, so how the hell did Bernie Hoffstader know anything about her? Did she just waltz over to the butcher's shop next door and reveal her secrets? Secrets that I deserved, not some mobster with a mustache?
I stopped a few blocks from the apartment at Paul's place. A dirty little dive without a name, just a collection of neon advertising cheap booze and bad beer. A couple of sailors were already unconscious, faces down in pools of beer and vomit on their tables. The long bar, a strip of dark oak, had seen better days, and the brass rail was green. Paul was wiping glasses with a greasy cloth, the same cloth he used to clean the bar, and his one good eye gave me a gimlet stare, sizing up just how much booze I was going to buy tonight. “Evening, shamus,” he said. I took off my overcoat and shook off the fog, took a seat on a wobbly stool at the bar.
“Evening, Paul. Set me up a bourbon and a beer.” The shot glass thudded down first, a generous splash of bourbon. By the time the beer was in front of me the bourbon was inside of me. It needed a friend, so I sent the beer down after it, stifled a burp from the generous head Paul had left on it. “Two more like that.” I slapped a couple of bucks down on the bar and unbuttoned my suit coat. “Maybe a little more beer and a little less foam, though?”
“Rough day, Jake?” Paul was a good bartender. He'd ask a few questions and then leave you alone, unless you wanted to talk, in which case he'd feign listening until someone with more money came along.
“Hell of a day, Paul, hell of a day.” Another bourbon down. Took the second beer a little slower. A warmth was spreading in my chest.
“Sorry to hear that, buddy.” Paul moved on to the tired looking whore at the end of the bar. She gave me a vaguely hopeful look, and I looked down at the bar, tried to divine some meaning from the pattern of scars on the dark wood. Nothing there. When I looked up again, the whore was working a drunk sailor. One more bourbon and one more beer sat on the bar, waiting for me. They would wait.
The heat in my chest was moving into my brain. Damn Bernie. Damn him for knowing the one thing I really cared about, the one secret I had locked in my heart, that I had touched something beyond, something beyond this dirty little city on the Bay. Did he know about Erato, did he know that I had one single night with a goddess? Did he know everything that made me more than I really was, everything that lifted me out of the muck and into . . . into what? Mythology? Legend? Or just madness? I ran a finger through a pool of beer on the bar, drawing random patterns, no meaning there, here, or anywhere.
Erato was dead. Clio was dead. Urania was dead. But Erato had sent me a package of gold. Can you kill a Muse, can you kill inspiration? Erato had told me that men had shrunk the gods, carved away their realms of mystery with science, leaving them impotent and unloved. I downed the third bourbon. The bar was moving now, comfortably, like a ship at sea, and I moved with it. I gave the third beer a careful look, like it might betray me at any moment, like a woman. Clio had betrayed me, given her secret up to Bernie. Urania had shot Erato, meaning to shoot me, and the Furies, who punish the killers of family, had scourged her. And I finished the job, one bullet in the Muse of Astronomy's head, scattering stars and planets and galaxies on the shale of an L.A. hillside. The whore was walking out with the sailor now, and she had a laugh like a donkey's braying and a cool calculation in her bleary eyes. I needed to get home, to crawl into my cold empty bed and fall into darkness where I didn't have to worry about Bernie, or Clio, or Erato, or Evelyn Walker in her tiny tennis dress and headscarf of red silk and gold dragons. I gulped down the last beer, waved a hand in Paul's general direction, and staggered out.
The night was even colder now, the fog taking hold of my skin, pulling up goose-bumps with a drowned corpse's cool limp fingers. I wandered between the pools of light thrown down by the weak streetlights, refuges against the fog. At each curb I stopped, took it carefully. My head was cold. I guess I'd left my hat at Paul's bar. I didn't remember taking it off. I had my overcoat over my shoulder. I needed the cold.
Two blocks, two blocks to the third floor walk-up I called home. Maybe I should spend some of Erato's money to get a better place. Something with some space and some light, a place to put my books. A view of the sea. A place to rattle around in until I died, watching the tides rise and fall. My stomach spun one direction, my head the opposite, so I put a hand down on a fire hydrant, tried to decide if I needed to throw up or fall down. I had just resolved the issue and bent over to paint the curb when the gunshot rang out. Somewhere ahead of me a window fragmented musically, and I continued my downward fall until I hit the hard pavement. I rolled over and pulled out my .38, a brand-new Smith and Wesson, a replacement for a gun that was rusting at the bottom of the San Jacinto River. I tried to make myself small behind the hydrant. No second shot came, so I peeked up into the fog. The bullet had come from behind me, gone just over my head. It wasn't an accident, someone had tried to kill me, and that thought sobered me up quickly. But they were gone in the fog now, and I could hear footsteps receding fast, the slam of a car door, the squeal of tires and a deep throb of a large engine. I stayed low, hiding behind the hydrant, until there was silence again.
Gun in hand, I made my way home and dragged myself up the three flights, past one fight and the thin wail of a woman crying on the second floor. Finally inside, I shot the door bolt and hung the chain. I pushed a chair under the doorknob. I tossed my suit coat and pants over the chair, threw my shirt into the sink, and fell into bed in boxers and undershirt. I put my gun on the nightstand on top of a copy of Faust and fell into a dead sleep with the lights on.


Chapter Four – Enter the Dragon
I woke up with a mouth full of ash and a brain sopping with darkness. Fleeting memories of a dream, drowning in a sea of black hair and stars. I fumbled for a glass of water on the nightstand, and found my gun instead. Right. Last night someone tried to kill me. Water first. Then the gun. I sat up, found the water glass, and washed out the ashes. I put on a robe, dropped the gun into the terrycloth pocket, and made my way down the hall to the bathroom. There was a line; there was always a line in the morning, a line of hung-over half-awake men leaning against the walls, dingy towels heavy with mildew slung over their shoulders.
Twenty minutes to get into the shower, and all the hot water was long gone. Some days I needed the warmth to get moving, like a lizard. Today that was fine, the ice water shook me awake, cleared my head of the dreams. Within a minute someone was banging on the door, so I shaved over the sink in my room. Maybe it was time to get a nicer place. Give Bernie something to talk about besides my car.
I made it into the office just before ten, parking the Olds in a convenient space outside. “Good morning, Mister Conrad,” Sarah said. I swear she put an extra bit of lilt in her voice when she knew I was hung over. But she'd made coffee, so that was enough for me, and I wouldn't fire her today. Her nails were pink today, not fire-engine red. I wondered what that meant in the cryptic way of women. I grunted in her direction and hung my hat up. I poured a cup, black and bitter, and walked into my office.
It wasn't as if I needed to be in my office. No clients and no cases, now that I'd dealt with Evelyn Walker. I put down the cup, sat down in my chair, and the old devil pitched me back toward the window with a scream of springs. Needed to replace the chair as well, but I knew I wouldn't. Somehow that chair belonged in my office more than I did. I opened my desk drawer, took out the bourbon, and poured a shot into the coffee. I spun my chair around and looked out the window, fell into thought. It was a good window for thinking. At night neon flared outside advertising bars with promises of alcohol-fueled forgetfulness, little islands for lotophages. During the day it was a dingy street in a poor section of the city. Nothing too flashy to distract the eye. And, if someone was gunning for me, maybe I'd get a look at them this way. But there was no one on the street that was obviously looking at my building. Of course, if they were any good, I wouldn't see them. But, if they were any good, they would have shot me last night as I stumbled home.
But who was I looking for? Who took at shot at me? Walker? Bernie? Someone else? I'd made enough enemies, first as a cop, then as a private detective. I could come up with half a dozen names, easy, that might want to conduct some impromptu brain surgery on me with high speed lead. While the mob might kill me so much as look at me, they'd usually have to have a better reason. And Walker didn't make any sense. I gave him what he wanted. Evelyn Walker? She didn't seem the type to pull the trigger, or even know where to find a gunmen. There were no answers outside, where the low clouds moved fast, pushed on by winds from the sea.
There was nothing outside for me but creeping paranoia. I took my worn copy of The Waste Land off the desk. A very early edition, bought dearly from London with Erato's gold, before they'd made Eliot put in the end notes, when the poem was still a mystery. April is the cruelest month, breeding lilacs out of the dead land, I read for the thousandth time, mixing memory and desire. . . .
I lost myself in the mazes of Eliot's masterwork, trying to push the memories and desires of the past months beneath the waves of my mind, drowning Clio's cheerful freckles and Erato's magnificent breasts, warm and soft beneath my fingers, and Evelyn Walker's little tennis dress and her pale legs pumping against the clay court. Like every other time I'd read it, though, I could read a million things in every line. My nerves are bad to-night. Yes, bad. Stay with me, and Erato was gyrating between need and sex, manipulating me with a glimmer of skin and a hitch in her voice. A woman drew her long black hair out tight and fiddled whisper music on those strings and I could only think of Urania, naked with the flesh whipped from her bones as the Furies rode the storm over Los Angeles.
The thunder was speaking over Ganga when I realized that outside my office, Sarah was talking to someone. I finished off my cold coffee and put the book down as she poked her head in the door. “Mister Conrad, a Mister . . . .” She looked back out. “Uh, what was the name again, sir?” She ducked back in. “He doesn't have a name, Mister Conrad.” She looked unnerved, which was strange for her. Normally she was just dismissive of the low-lifes that wandered in, or properly servile to the occasional member of the upper crust that needed a low-life like me.
“Just send him in, Sarah,” I said, suppressing a smile. “Lots of people around here don't have names.” Her grimace told me what she thought of people without names, but she held the door for the visitor.
He was an old man, Oriental, with a long white beard. That was different. I didn't get a lot of Oriental clients. They had people of their own to deal with their sorts of things. “You are Jacob Conrad?” he asked. His voice was high and raspy, like a rusty flute, a heavy accent I couldn't place.
“That's me, pops,” I said. “What can I do for you?”
He sat down in the leather chair in front of my desk. He was very small, shrunken, wrinkled, a little life with dried tubers, as Eliot would have said. “I've had an item of value stolen from me. I need it back.” He folded his hands together. He had a long mustache, drooping down to the folds on his neck, something I hadn't seen outside of a Fu Manchu movie.
I leaned back, and the chair squeaked. “I’ll be honest with you, sir, I don’t have a lot of connections in your community. You might do better with Chinatown detective, someone who can speak the local language, won't stand out like me.” And you don't look like you can pay, I thought. His clothes were strange, absurd to my eye, a long silk robe with dragons. He hadn't exactly integrated into America, or even into the twentieth century. I half expected him to pull out an opium pipe.
“I see. A woman named Clio told me that you might be able to help. It appears she was wrong.” He started to stand, the robes rustling softly.
“Wait a minute,” I said, leaning forward to the dawn chorus of springs. My heart had started to race, my pulse was roaring in my ears. “What’s your name? What are you missing?”
“My name is my own,” he said, and his eyes turned to yellow gems, a distant glow smoldering behind them, banked fires. “But I am the Dragon of the Western Rains, guardian of Hwang Ho, and someone has stolen a great power from me.” Thin wisps of smoke emerged from his nostrils, but he didn't have a cigarette. I desperately needed a cigarette.
“Sit down, sir,” I said, pulling out the bottle of bourbon and two glasses. “Maybe I can help you after all.” I poured a finger into each glass and passed one across the desk to him. 
He looked at it suspiciously, sniffed it like cats do with an outstretched finger. “Smoky,” he said.
“Cheap,” I replied.
“No matter.” He downed the shot, so I followed his lead. As he drank, more smoke came from his nose. He had a musty smell, old leather and cages at the zoo.
“So, sir, can I ask how you know Clio?”
He sniffed the glass again and waved off the question. His fingernails were long and painted with black lines. “We can discuss that later. My concerns first.”
I sat back, lit a cigarette. The smoke felt good. “You're the client, sir. Shoot.” I took the notepad off my desk, licked the end of a pencil, and got ready to take notes around a coffee stain on the top page.
“I am looking for a pearl. One of most unusual size and weight. Four chi around and nearly a jin in weight.” My blank face must have been apparent, and he smiled. “Three feet around, and more then ten pounds.” He inscribed a circle in the air.
“That seems light for the size,” I said, copying his circle on the page.
“It holds the waters of the world. The weight is deceptive.”
“What do you mean, 'the waters of the world?’?” I wrote the phrase down next to the circle in tight cribbed cursive.
“Do you know what I am, Mister Conrad?” He smiled, and the ends of his mustache twitched.
“You say you're a dragon,” I said with a shrug. “A couple of months ago, I would have sent for the boys from the funny farm to drag you out of here. But since then, I've . . . I've seen things.” Held them. Kissed them. Loved them. “So, I'm inclined to believe you. Something's been stolen from your treasure, and you want it back.”
He placed a gnarled hand on the edge of my desk. “I do not have a hoard, Mister Conrad. I am not one of the greedy dragons of your legends, to be slain by Saint George. I don't kidnap virgins to sate my unnatural lust. I don't sweep out of the skies to burn and pillage.”
“No offense,” I said quickly. “My dragons come from Beowulf. The 'folk-destroyer, fire-dread dragon.'”
“The dragons of your past may have been like that. In the Middle Kingdom, we are the keepers of powers, the controllers of weather and water. And my kingdom is what you call the Yellow River, as if the color of a river was the nature of the river. I am the river, and it is me.”
“So,” I said, “if you're the river and you're here, what's happening in China? Has the river stopped flowing? It's a pretty big river, I think. Someone might have noticed.”
He shook his head. “You rongdi, so literal. The river flows, but without my guidance. And without its heart.”
“What's a rongdi?” I like to know when I'm being insulted.
“A western barbarian,” he said simply.
“Really,” I smirked. “You're the ones who lost a war to the Brits, then the Japs, and then the Reds, but we're the barbarians. Makes sense.”
He closed his hand on the edge my desk and effortlessly tore away a chunk of oak. “Your upstart nation has less then two centuries behind it, we have more than twenty.” He closed his hand into a fist and trailed sawdust onto my desk. “If I want to call you a barbarian, then I will do so, human.”
I shook another cigarette out of the box on my desk and lit it to give myself a few moments to calm down. “OK, pops, can we set something straight? You came to me, you think you need me. I don't need you. So, you want my help? Stop with the show and tell me what you need.” I put the cigarette to my lips but, annoyingly, my hand was shaking. I gave it a nasty look, but it was as scared as the rest of me.
“Most humans do not react calmly to a dragon, Mister Conrad,” he said. There was a low rumble in his voice now, a bass counterpoint. “I wonder if you believe me. Do I need to show you my true form?”
I poured myself another shot. “No, I believe you. I've seen stranger. Can we get to business?” 
I offered him the bottle, and he poured himself a shot to the brim. He settled back into the chair. “Very well. The pearl. Three feet around, ten pounds, a glow and beauty of a sort mortal eyes have never seen.” Don't bet on that, pops, I thought with a little smile. I've seen some pretty unearthly things. “With it in my hands, I can calm the river, or unleash the flood.”
“Got it,” I said. “When did you last have it?”
“The summer of the year 4636.”
I rolled my eyes. “OK, look, I'm a western barbarian, right? Give me numbers I can use.”
He laughed, and smoke popped from his nose in rings. “1938. The Japanese Army had reached my banks. I was tired, sleeping, not concerned with the days of men. I was lazy, and careless, and my pearl vanished. And in that moment of weakness, they destroyed the walls that kept me in my banks, the flood spilled out, and I swept the bodies of hundreds of thousands out to the sea. Engorged on death, I rolled on, heavy with corpses and rich soil, and the land around me was turned to waste that neither the Chinese or Japanese could control.” His face was haunted. “I could not stop the flood, I could not control the tide, for the pearl was gone. I was a beast.”
The old man drank down his glass. “That was twelve years ago,” I said. Why are you looking for it now? Why not before?”
He looked at me, and the light in his eyes was an inferno. “My pearl was taken to Japan. I could not go there. They have powers all their own.”
I could put the rest of it together. “But now it's here, right? It left Japan and came to the States?”
He nodded, and his beard waggled. “Yes. A few days ago it left those damned islands and flew across the sea, to here. This city. And I want it back.” He leaned forward. “I need it back, Mister Conrad. The river needs it, the Middle Kingdom needs it. So I need you.”
“So all you want me to do is find a pearl that contains the waters of the world somewhere in San Francisco?” He nodded. “Twenty dollars a day, plus expenses. Sarah will draw up a contract.” I stood and held out my hand. He took it, a strong grip. “I assume you have enough of a hoard to pay that.”
The old dragon laughed again. “Mister Conrad, you will have your money and my appreciation if you can help, and a boon of your choosing if you succeed.”
“My mother always said to never say no to a dragon,” I said. She'd said no such thing, of course, because I'd never known her. But it sounded good.
“A wise woman,” he said sagely.
“Sarah?” I called out. “We need a contract in here.”
Sarah tip-toed in warily. “Standard contract, Mister Conrad?”
“Twenty a day plus expenses,” I said. “And a boon to be named later.”
A puzzled grimace. “A boon, Mister Conrad?”
“Yeah. Write that 'client shall grant the detective a boon of the detective's choosing if the detective recovers the client's property.'” Her hand sped across the page, adding a line to our standard form. She placed it on the desk and, for the first time, noticed the piece torn off the desk. She squeaked and scuttled out. I signed with a chewed-up ballpoint, and the dragon took a block of carved stone out of his robe. He pressed it on to the paper firmly leaving a series of Chinese letters.
“Then we have a deal, Mister Conrad,” he said, extending his hand. I shook it, and it was cool and smooth like the underbelly of a snake.
“I'll let you know as soon as I have any information, sir,” I said formally. After he left, I sat back down. His seal, his chop, had left marks deep in the wood of the desk. I took a blank sheet off a steno pad, placed it over the marks, and rubbed it with a pencil until I had a second copy of his signature. Just in case. 


Chapter Five – Clippers and Cutters
My first stop was the Pan American office. The dragon was sure his pearl had flown, and that meant a Boeing Stratocruiser from Tokyo to San Francisco via Manila, Guam, Wake, Midway, and Honolulu. And that meant Pan Am.
San Francisco Municipal Airport stood at the edge of the bay. As I drove in, a double-decker Stratocruiser was landing under Pan Am livery, four giant props thundering. She was the cousin once-removed of the B-29 Superforts that had leveled Tokyo, that had dropped the bomb on Hiroshima. I wondered whether the dragon would appreciate the irony.
The airline people were pretty close lipped about passenger manifests, unless you were a cop or were willing to throw a roll of money at the right person. Flashing too much money got too much attention, and I'd played the cop before. When I had been a cop. When I had a badge to back up my bluster.
I didn't have much to go on. If the pearl had been taken to Japan in 1938, in a war zone, then it was a pretty safe bet that a Jap soldier had taken it. I could cut down my search from there. In-bound flights from Tokyo, Japanese males. It was possible that someone had stolen it from the first thief, but you had to start somewhere. You never solved a case from behind your desk making up possibilities.
There was a cute little thing behind the Pan Am counter, wearing that knock-off of the Navy uniform they'd been using since they landed the Clippers on the water. “Can I help you, sir?” she asked eagerly, tilting her purser's cap back and pushing her chest forward.
I flipped open my wallet, flashing my official junior detective badge I'd gotten from a box of Wheaties. It sparkled nicely in the light and the glitter distracted her long enough for me to flip it shut again before she could get a closer look. “Detective Harmon, ma'am,” I said in my best cop voice. “I need the passenger manifests for flights from Tokyo for the past week.”
She inhaled quickly, inflating her chest a bit more. The fabric moved flatteringly, and I smiled as I looked. She blushed prettily. “Oh, yes, Detective!” she said breathily. She started rummaging around behind the counter. “Anything in particular?”
“Passengers boarding in Tokyo, disembarking in San Fran, sweetheart,” I said. I shifted my coat back a bit so she could see my holster. Some girls liked the gun. This one did. When she popped up from behind the counter with pages for me, she gasped happily at the sight of the leather.
“Here you go, Detective!” she said. “Let me know if there's anything else I can do.” Her lips lingered on the word anything. A cop lover, my lucky day. I'd had a few in my day who loved a man in uniform, loved the authority.
I gave her a wink. “Let me look through these first, honey.” She smiled, simpered, and went back to work. I started to trudge through the documents.
Most of the passengers boarding from Tokyo were Americans, occupation officers heading home the fast way, or businessmen with contracts for cheap gewgaws made in Japan. Probably wasn't one of them. Two flights came in during the days the dragon said the pearl arrived in the U.S. Eight Jap names. I wrote the names down, went back to the counter. She was helping some businessman figure out how to get to Thailand, but gave him the brush-off when I approached. “Police business, sir,” she said huskily as she turned to me.
“I'll just be a moment, sir,” I said, tipping my hat. I slid the paper across to the girl. “Can you check if any of these people took a flight out of San Fran?” With a smile, she ducked back behind the counter. It took more than a few moments for her to come up for air. Four of them had flown out. Four left in town. She gave me addresses for them, addresses they'd left with the airline in case of luggage problems. “Hey,” I said to the girl, “Can I get your phone number just in case I need any more . . . information?” Leave her with a good impression. She blushed again, wrote it down on the ticket stub. I finished with another wink and left. Maybe I'd give her a call. It'd been a long time since Erato.
Back in my car, I looked over the names. Three came on Clipper America, one on Clipper of the Pacific. All of them must have had money; Pan Am wasn't cheap. Two of them gave the same address, a hotel downtown. I'd start there.
The Lemont Arms was not the best place to stay in San Francisco, but if you'd just spent a lot of money flying across the Pacific it might be what you could afford. I didn't even make it to the front desk before the house dick stopped me. “Can I help you, sir?” he said in a tone that indicated he really wasn't planning to be a bit of help.
I passed him a business card. “Jake Conrad, P.I. Trying to talk to two of your guests.”
“Are they in trouble? We don't make it a practice of letting private dicks bother the guests, Conrad.”
Twenty dollars a day plus expenses. Time for a few more expenses. “You want to talk about it somewhere private?” He nodded. We moved off into a corner, and I held out two tens. He grabbed for them, but I yanked them back. “One now, one after I get into their room, got it?” I extended one of the bills again, and he took it, delicately folded it, and placed it in his breast pocket.
He checked the registration, and we went up to 808. A knock got no reaction, so he used his master key. As the door swung open a charnel smell poured out, blood and shit, the smell from Bernie's office when he was done with a client. “Oh, Holy Christ,” the house dick moaned before he turned and puked in a potted plant. I stepped past him into the room as he gagged. The walls were painted with blood, long streaks spattered around like that modern crap they were passing off as art. It was hard to tell where one body stopped and the other started, but I could see two heads. One had rolled off under an armchair and was staring up at the cheap backing. The other was at my feet. The flesh was torn from the left cheek in long parallel lines. Either someone used a knife and made the same cut three times, or someone had claws.
“Oh, shit, shit, shit,” the house dick was screaming from outside.
“Get in here and shut the door,” I yelled at him, but he was running toward the elevators. Shit indeed. I wasn't going to have much time, and I was going to have to really mess up a crime scene. There was a hand in one corner, still holding a pistol. It looked like a Luger to the untrained eye, but I had seen a lot of Lugers, had them pointed in my face, smashed on my head, and this wasn't a Luger. I grabbed a hand towel from the bathroom and used it to pick the gun up. The hand came up with it. I shook the hand off. It fell to the floor with a splat, the extended trigger finger pointing accusingly at me. I sniffed the barrel, gunpowder assaulted my nose. Recently fired. The script on the hilt looked Oriental. A Jap handgun. I dropped it on the bed.
I scanned the rest of the slaughterhouse, found nothing interesting. I started out when something grabbed my eye. On the worn carpet with a translucent diamond-shaped . . . something. I bent down, got a closer look. A scale. Fish or snake, but big. I grabbed that as well, threw the other ten I owed the house dick on the bed, and ran for the stairwell.
At the lobby level, I opened the stairwell door a crack. Police, several of them, running for the elevator behind the panicked house dick. I waited until the elevator was heading up before I broke cover for the kitchen. It was the lunch rush, and I pushed through the swinging door into a chaos of food. No one got in my way as I burst out the back door. From there, it was easy to get to the car and back to the office.
I ducked into my office. Sarah was out at lunch. I went next door. Collins and Clerk, Fine Taxidermists. Except there wasn't anyone named Clerk, and Collins was a former veterinarian who ended up working better with dead animals then with live ones. I rapped on the door, heard a gruff “Come in,” and went in.
The smell of blood brought me back for a second to room 808, but the blood here was collected in a bucket under the table. There was the skin of a tabby cat stretched out on the table, head still attached, blank eyes staring at the door. Collins was sitting at his desk, building a wire frame shadow of the flayed cat.
“Hey, Tony,” I said.
“Jake,” he replied without turning. “What brings you by?”
“Wondering if you can look at something for me?”
“Yeah, give me a minute.” He was a massive man, his broad back overflowing his chair, but his hands were delicate, and they nimbly flew around the wire cat.
“So, custom job?” I asked. Most people didn't mount cats. Deer, bears, things like that. A bereft pet owner?
“Nah,” he said. “Just bored.” I glanced down at the cat. Sorry, kitty. Collins finished his work and stood, towering over me. “What'd'ya got?”
I passed him the scale. “Ever seen anything like this?”
He held it up to the light. “Huh.” From his desk, he retrieved a jeweler’s loupe. He examined the scale for a while.
“So, fish or fowl?” I said finally.
“Birds don't have scales, Jake. Not a fish scale. Not a snake scale. Not actually a scale at all. It's a scute.”
“Well, that answers all my questions,” I said, rolling my eyes. “What the hell's a scute?”
“This is,” he said, handing it back. “Biggest damn one I've ever seen. You hunting crocodiles now?”
“Not that I know of,” I said. “What's the difference? Looks like a scale to me.”
Collins sat down ponderously. I heard my office front door open and close. Sarah must be back from lunch. “A scute's got some bone attached. A scale doesn't. Easy. You find scutes on turtles, alligators, crocodiles. Big reptiles, generally.”
“Good enough for me. Thanks, Tony.”
He turned back to his metal cat. “No problem, Jake, any time.”
I opened the front door of my office. Sarah wasn't at her desk, and the door to my office was ajar. I pulled out my Smith and Wesson and held it at my side. With my free hand, I pushed open the inner door.
“Jake Conrad? You're under arrest.” There was cop was sitting in my chair, drinking my bourbon.
“Fuck off, Beatty,” I said, reholstering my gun. “What the hell do you want?”
“Jesus, Jake, is that any way to greet an old friend? You could at least stock better whiskey.” Detective Phil Beatty. My old partner. We'd worked a lot of cases together, including the one that got me thrown off the force. Somehow, he skated past it. But he never got above detective. Too untrustworthy even fro the bastards at the top. His hairline had fallen back faster then the American army in Korea, and he had put on twenty pounds. Guilt's hard on the body.
“It's bourbon, you heathen,” I said heavily. “Sorry. Been a long day. Pour me one of those, will ya?” He obligingly poured out three fingers for me. The bottle was nearly empty. I leaned against the back of the big armchair. “So, what's up?”
“That's what I was going to ask you, Jake. Hotel boy said you were at the Lemont today. Room 808. Hell of a mess,” he said, shaking his head. “Thought I'd come over here to get your story.”
“It was like that when I got there, Phil,” I said. “But I didn't really want to hang around the scene.”
“Yeah, I guess I could see why. Two Japanese cops ripped apart in a hotel. Not good.” He swirled his bourbon around the glass, took a sip. “You want to tell me why you were there?”
I downed half the glass, lit a cigarette. “Depends. You asking friendly, or you asking professional?”
He put the glass down, emptied the bottle into it. “Friendly for now, Jake. I'd like to keep it that way.”
“OK, then,” I said. “I went over to the Pan Am office to get a list of Japs that came into the city from Tokyo over the past couple of days. Those two were first on my list.”
“Why are you sniffing around the Japs?” He tilted the chair back and it almost dumped him out the window. His bourbon splashed on his shirt. “Fuck! You and your fucking chairs, Jake!”
“Well, get the hell out of it then and take the nice chair.” I didn't mention that I bought the chair off the estate of one of my clients who blew his brains out in it after gunning down his wife. She was cheating on him. Just like Evelyn. And I gave him the photographs.
Phil struggled out of the deathtrap chair and came round to the client chair. I reclaimed what was mine. “OK. I have a client, had something stolen, he thinks it came from Tokyo to San Francisco.”
“Your client the dangerous type? Type to take matters into his own hands?”
I shook my head. “He's an old man, hell, eighty, a hundred, you know how old those Orientals can look.” He's a dragon, with scales, and claws, or says he is, I thought, but some things are left best unsaid to people who haven't seen gods.
“Great. So much for this being easy,” he muttered. “Now we have to go to the Jap Consulate and tell them that two of their coppers are dead. Not that I really mind. Two down, right?” Phil had spent three years in the First Marines. Guadalcanal, New Britain, Peleliu, Okinawa. He'd killed his share of Japs and come out of the other side of the fire a little less human then he'd gone in. When we did good cop, bad cop, Phil was the bad cop. Sometimes too bad. I'd pulled him off a suspect or two, covered up for a few extra bruises or broken bones. It's what you did. You covered for your partner, when he didn't come in because he was hung over, when he worked a suspect over too hard, or when he dumped a body in the harbor. You covered for your partner through thick or thin. I'd always remembered that. Phil forgot it on our last case, and he still had a badge.
“If I find out there's a connection, Phil, I'll let you know,” I lied. “You mind telling me if you find out anything about your case?”
“Will do, Jake, you know I'm good for it.” He stood up. He stretched a hand across the desk to me and for a second I thought about slapping it away. We shook hands like the partners we were once, and both of us were lying through our grips. “Oh, Jake, don't leave town, OK? Just in case.”
I nodded. “I know the drill, Phil. Remember, I used to be on that side of the game.”
He looked away. “Yeah. I know. You know, Jake, I stood up for you there. I told the Board that you were clean. They didn't buy it.”
“Yeah, I know, buddy.” You were always a lousy liar.


Chapter Six – Brine
There was too much going on, I thought as Phil left. Someone tried to kill me last night. Today a dragon hired me to find his magic pearl. And now two Jap cops are dead, and if I'm not a suspect, then Phil's dumber then I thought. Oh, and the mob bookie next door wants me to sign up. I really wasn't sure how much more I could take right now. I headed into the front office just as the front door opened. “Oh, Mister Conrad!” Sarah said, startled as she came in. “Are you heading out?”
“Yeah, I have to get something to eat,” I snarled. She recoiled. “Sorry, Sarah, long day already. Any messages?”
“Yes, sir,” she snapped, and handed me a piece of paper. I shoved it in my pocket without looking at it and stalked out. Have to apologize again later.
Chili on the menu at the diner. Pools of red grease slowly drifted around in the bowl, and there were pockets of uncooked flour in the cornbread. I took out the scale, or the god damn scute, and spun it in my fingers. I guess the old man hit the two cops before he came to see me. Or maybe after he left, when I was on my way to the airport. Probably after. The blood was still dripping when we opened the door. How come no one heard the shot? Or the ripping? Good, thick walls, or empty rooms next door. The chili didn't look too good, the grease gathering around gristle, pooling like blood.
What was the old man playing at? Was I a stalking horse, a patsy? Trying to figure out what a dragon might be thinking . . . . that way lay madness. Beowulf slew his dragon, and died from the poison. Apollo and Saint George killed their dragons and survived. And no one told stories about the guys the dragon ate. And yet . . . the old man seemed harmless. Maybe this wasn't his fault. Only one way to find out.
He had given me an address, out on Marine Drive. Leaving the chili to congeal, I got in the car and made my way toward the Golden Gate Bridge. Marine Drive ran along the bayside, the numbers climbing as the bridge abutments loomed ahead. Finally, I found it. Fort Point, the old harbor fort, built God knows when by the Spanish to keep the Russians out. They'd used it during the war to keep Jap subs out of the harbor. Nothing out here now except concrete slowly decaying in the rain.
I got out of the car and slammed the door. The briny air filled my nose, salty like blood. The whole thing was a set-up, must have been. A distraction. Rage was building in me, frustration from the day, two dead Jap cops, Phil with his badge and his dirty money, and Evelyn Walker in her tennis dress. I walked up the crumbling stairs to the gun platform of the fort. They'd taken the guns out after the war, nothing left now but a black shaft down to the ammo storage. The wind was picking up, whitecaps on the water, and an aircraft carrier was steaming out toward the west, toward Asia, and the war in Korea.
“God damn it all,” I muttered into the freshening breeze. “God damn dragons, and Muses, and gods.” I sat down on the wall and leaned back against the cool stone parapet as the wind made a grab for my hat.
“I'm sorry to have offended,” said a deep voice that rumbled across the stones.
I slowly opened my eyes. The head was at my eye level. It had huge ivory horns, spiraling out in baroque branchings, covered in delicate scroll-work in silver. The scales – no, scutes – glowed like molten gold in the sun. The eyes were yellow as well, and as big as my hand, with cat-like pupils. One massive claw rested on the parapet next to me, and the body flowed down into the water and out of sight. It wasn't smoke coming from the nose, I realized as it breathed, but a cool fog. A fog that smelled of brine.
“Oh, Lord,” I said quietly. There were fangs jutting from the dragon's mouth, long as my fingers. “Please don't eat me.” I rested my hand on the handle of my gun like a priest might hold a cross. Neither one would do a damn thing against this, but it made you feel better.
It snorted. Laughter? “Why would I eat you, Mister Conrad?”
“You killed those two Jap cops. You set me up to find them. Why?”
The head rose. How much body did it have under the waves? “I haven't killed anyone in America, Mister Conrad. Not yet. Why don't you explain yourself?”
“I went to the airport to find people who might have stolen your pearl in '38 and come to the U.S. I figured they'd be Japanese men, probably former soldiers. That gave me a list of eight. Four of them left San Francisco, but you said the pearl was still here. So four. Two had the same address. They were both dead. Ripped apart by something with claws. Big claws. Kind of like yours.”
Reading emotion on the face of a dragon is an impossible task. “I see. I understand your suspicions. But I did not kill them.”
I believed the big scaly bastard. Maybe it was the voice, or maybe belief was better then doubt when faced with that maw. “Hang on, though.” I reached into my left pocket to get the scute. A crumpled up piece of paper. Wrong pocket. I pulled out the paper, the message that Sarah had given me earlier. In her excellent script, Ms. Evelyn Walker requests that you call her. PAcific7-1701.
“I need a phone. Right now,” I said, standing up, the scute forgotten. “Listen, I'll be back.”
“Very good, Mister Conrad.” It slid smoothly back into the water and vanished without a splash.
I drove the car back down Marine Street, looking for a pay phone. At a questionable gas station, I bought a Coke and got a handful of nickels for change. The phone gulped down the nickels like a dragon gulping down heroes. The phone rang, and a voice that was very much not Evelyn Walker's picked up. “Highland Riding Stables.” The voice dripped with pretension, and I wanted to punch it and its owner, sight unseen.
“I'm calling for Evelyn Walker,” I said.
“I see. Miss Walker is riding, sir.” The voice gave a little punch on “Miss” and a little sneer on “sir.” “If sir would like to leave a name?”
I clenched my fists. “Sir would not like to leave a name. Miss Walker asked me to call her. So get out there and find her or you will be dealing with Miss when she is not at all happy, got it? Chop chop, buddy, I'm on a pay phone.”
There was a shocked silence. The voice came back, cold. “Please wait.” No “sir” this time. I forced myself to unclench one fist so I could tap on the glass and feed nickels into the starving phone while the voice I hated with all my guts ran out into the fields to pull Miss Evelyn Walker off her horse. In my mind's eye I could see her, wearing one of those riding outfits, all tight leather, short auburn hair and freckles across her nose. I lost myself in that image for a moment until the phone cried for more nickels.
“Evelyn Walker.” Her voice was husky, a bit out of breath. “Who's this?”
“Jacob Conrad, Miss Walker. You called my office.”
She inhaled sharply. “Yes. Mister Conrad. Thank you for returning my call.” And she fell silent.
I gave her almost thirty seconds to think about things. “Miss Walker? I'm on a pay phone. What can I do for you?”
Another intake of breath, then the words rushed out in short staccato sentences, like machine gun fire. “We need to meet. Tonight. Eight o'clock. The Cliff House. Dress appropriately.” And she hung up before I could get a word out.
Dress appropriately. I still had one nice white tuxedo. Erato had bought it for me in Los Angeles after my suit had been ruined by a leap into the San Jacinto River from a train. So yes, I could dress appropriately. Even for the Cliff House. Even for Evelyn Walker.
I drove back to the office, still too many moving parts swirling around me. Images of Evelyn Walker in her imagined riding clothes, a dragon rising from the murky water of the bay. And someone had tried to kill me last night.
The elevator opened on the sixth floor, and Bernie Hoffstader was locking the door to his office, getting ready to head home. His heavies were nowhere in sight. “Mister Conrad,” he said guardedly, tipping his hat.
“I thought we were at Jake, Bernie,” I said in response, holding the elevator for him.
“Of course, Jake.” Relief flooded his face. “After last night, I wasn't sure if our relationship had changed.”
“Hasn't changed for me, buddy,” I said as he slipped by me into the elevator cage.
“Good, good,” he said. “Perhaps another game later?” He reached to pull the elevator door open, but I held it tight.
“Maybe, Bernie,” I said as he tugged at it for a second. “Question first.” He stopped pulling on the door, looked up at me. He really was a very small man. “Did your heavies take a shot at me last night?”
The color drained from his face. “Jake, how could you ask that?”
“Because someone tried to put a round into my head last night, Bernie.”
“And you thought, just because you refused my offer, I'd have you killed?” His cheeks flushed a little. “Jake, I'm very disappointed, hurt. I'm an honorable man, Jake. I asked, you said no, and that is that.” His angry little face was a believable little face. I pulled the elevator door shut for him.
“Sorry, Bernie,” I said through the mesh of the door. “I had to ask.”
The elevator began to fall. “I understand that, Jake. But it still hurts.” And Bernie Hoffstader dropped out of sight.
Sarah was doing her nails, again, the smell of acetone sharp in the office. “Good afternoon, Mister Conrad,” she said.
“Sorry for snapping at you earlier, Sarah,” I said, pouring myself a cup of coffee. The creamer powder was caked up. I punched the container a few times, was rewarded with little icebergs of congealed powder drifting on the top of stubbornly black coffee. Nothing some bourbon wouldn't fix. “Any calls?”
“No, sir,” she said, the frost in her voice telling me I wasn't forgiven. Too damn bad. I nodded and went into my office. Two fingers of bourbon turned the coffee into something drinkable. Now I'd gotten Bernie, and the mob, angry with me. So who owned the heavy that shot at me last night? Had to be Colonel Walker. Planning to off his wife, get rid of me first. But his wife was out riding. And calling me. Could be someone else. I'd made enough enemies in my life.
I pulled the scute out of my pocket. Goddamn, I thought, I forgot to ask the dragon about this. And then I started to laugh. A year ago I would never of thought I'd have a problem like that. I held it up to the light filtering through the fly-specked window. It glowed slightly red in the sunlight. Not gold, like the old man. Could he change colors? Or were there two dragons? And why was I chasing Evelyn Walker when I had a case in front of me?
That question I could answer easily, even if I didn't like the answer.
With that happy thought, I called out to Sarah. “Wake me up before you go, Sarah!”
“Yes, sir,” she shouted back.
I leaned back in the protesting chair, put my hat over my eyes, and slipped off for a nap, a sleep full of dragon's eyes and horses running in the wind.


Chapter Seven – Dinner and a Show
Sarah shook me out of a dream of drowning so real that I could taste the salt of the killing sea. “Six o'clock, Mister Conrad.” She had a disapproving look on her face as she glanced toward the bourbon bottle on my desk.
“Thanks, Sarah,” I said thickly. “Have a good evening.” I sat up in the chair, straightened my tie.
“You too, sir,” she said with a smile she didn't mean. She turned and flounced out. I shook my head after her, poured a single finger of bourbon into the dregs of my coffee, and downed it in one gulp. Absolutely horrible, but it woke me up.
I locked the office and made my way down to the street, took the car home. No line for the shower at this time of night, so I had it all to myself for ten minutes of gloriously hot water and a close shave with a straight razor. Not a hair survived the attack between my ears and my chin. Smooth.
In my room, I took the tuxedo out of the closet. A close examination revealed no moths and the lingering scent of Erato. I closed my eyes and inhaled deeply, remembering that night in Los Angeles where I slept with a goddess. Her smell, her touch, her heat, all sprung back to me an in instant. But her face was gone, and it was Evelyn Walker that looked back at me from the mountain of soft pillows.
The tux still fit. I found a pair of silver cufflinks and gave them a quick polish, and tied a nice knot in the black bow tie. At the top of the closet I found my good hat, the one I didn't wear down to the bayside to meet dragons with. It looked good, the brim was straight and the fabric unstained. I stopped at the mirror by the door and for the first time in a while I gave myself a smile. Dress appropriately. Hell, I was dressed to kill. The smile faltered. Jesus, Conrad, you can't even say the right thing to yourself. A slightly smaller, but wry, smile reappeared. What the hell, at least I looked sharp. I snapped the hat down on my head, tilted the brim just so, and got in the car.
I took Geary across town as the early summer sun dropped, a red glare glowing like a dragon's scute in the sky. The Cliff House was a monstrosity of an old pile perched over the ocean, but I'd heard the food was good. I hoped she was paying. I had a bit of cash on me, just enough to get escorted out on my feet, instead of thrown out head first. As I waited for the valet, I put my gun in the glove box. I tipped the kid a buck and made my way up the stairs. My feet hurt already. I'd never broken in these shoes. If I had to run tonight, I'd be running in a soup of blisters and blood within fifty feet.
At the desk, the maitre d' gave me a once over and apparently liked what he saw. “Good evening, sir. Do you have a reservation?” he said unctuously. His tux was as black as mine was white, a photographic negative. I wondered if white was a faux pas. Or was that only after Labor Day? Who the hell cared? I looked good and I felt good. I was wearing a tux and having dinner with a beautiful woman. A beautiful married woman. Who was cheating on her husband. Who was very, very rich and might have tried to have me killed. And then there was the dragon. I pushed all those doubts down and followed the maitre d' – who must have said something, and I must have answered, because he had taken my hat and was leading me away from the desk – to a table on the deck over the ocean.
She was wearing white summery dress, simple but elegant, and a white hat with a broad brim that the wind was toying with. A few stray strands of auburn hair flew free in the breeze. “Madam? Your guest,” the maitre d' said quietly and she turned to me, her eyes cold and the sun falling slowly into the ocean behind her.
“Thank you, Carl,” she said simply, and she turned back to the growing darkness over the water. Carl started to pull out my seat but I waved him off.
“Miss Walker? Jacob Conrad,” I said.
“Sit down, Mister Conrad,” she replied. “I assume you haven't eaten?”
“No, ma'am,” I said, taking a seat.
“What about a drink?”
“I've had one, but I'd take a few more,” I said. She still hadn't looked at me. There was a small purse on the table covered in silver mail, like a sleek fish gutted and used to store lipstick and . . . she opened it, took out a cigarette. I had a match lit before she got it to her lips. That forced her to look at me, at least for a second, as I lit it for her. Her eyes were dark brown, trending toward black. Now that I'd forced her to look, her eyes lingered, the light of the flame dancing in their darkness.
“Not what I expected, Mister Conrad,” she said with a sigh.
“Sorry to disappoint, ma'am.” I gave what I hoped was an endearing smile.
She laughed, a husky noise. “You're not what I expected a private detective to look like, Mister Conrad. One gets ideas from the movies, you know.”
I smiled. “It's the suit, ma'am. Normally I'm just as scruffy as you think I should be.” Her smile almost reached her eyes.
“What's your drink, Mister Conrad?” she asked.
“Bourbon, neat,” I said.
She shook her head. “Not here.” She raised a hand and a waiter appeared. “Bourbon highball for Mister Conrad, vodka and soda for me. And the wine list.” He nodded, vanished as quickly as he had come. “On the deck we don't drink neat, Mister Conrad,” she said in a voice suited to teaching a child not to pick his nose.
The rich and their stupid customs always bewildered me, but their booze was usually pretty good. “Good to know, ma'am. My first time out here. Please, call me Jake.”
“All right.” I lost her eyes as she looked back to the sea. I listened to the sound of the winds and the waves and the happy people around us talking about the nonsense of everyday life while the detective and the adulterer sat in silence. Finally the drinks came with the sound of ice clinking against sweating glasses. 
Her glass was almost to her lips before I interrupted. “Long life,” I said, raising the glass. I got her eyes back with that, and she clinked her glass against mine.
“Long life,” she whispered. We both sipped. Good quality stuff, but mixing it with soda water was a crime. Children drank things with bubbles in it. Children and the rich. Not much difference between the two in my experience. They both wanted whatever they could get their hands on, and they both threw tantrums when you said 'no.' The waiter had left a red leather wine list which Evelyn started to peruse absently. “Fish or flesh, Jake?” she said.
I lowered my glass. “What?”
“Are you having fish or meat? Red or white wine?” Now a smile lit her eyes. She enjoyed my confusion.
“Lady's choice,” I replied.
“The '38 Chateau Latour, then,” she said. “I'd have meat with that if I were you.”
“Ma'am,” I started, but she cut me off.
“Evelyn.”
“Evelyn, don't get me wrong. A nice dinner with a beautiful woman is a hell of a great way to spend an evening, but is this business? Because I can't pay for this drink in front of me,” I finished pathetically and dishonestly.
“The meal is on me, Jake,” she said. “And I don't know if this is business. But I need help, and I know something you need to know. OK?” She rushed out the last few words and slammed down the rest of her drink. She fumbled for another cigarette from her fish purse. She held it out to me and I saw how much her fingers were trembling. She was scared, really scared, and putting on a brave face. I lit the cigarette and got one for myself out of my breast pocket.
“OK,” I said. “So, what's the deal?”
She shook her head. “Not now. Bad news over dinner, never over drinks. That's the Colonel's rule.”
“Colonel Walker isn't here right now, Evelyn,” I said. She gave me another cold look and opened the menu to hide her face. With a sigh, I opened my own. The prices nearly stopped my heart before I remembered I wasn't paying. “What's good?” I asked, trying to keep my voice light.
“Try the steak à l'Americaine,” she said. “It's very good here, and will go well with the wine.”
“Well, I like a good steak,” I said, and she giggled. It was a strangely girlish noise to come from her. She motioned the waiter over.
“I'll have the Chateaubriand,” she said, “and Mister Conrad will have the steak à l'Americaine.”
“Very good, madam,” he said with a small bow. “And for wine?”
“The Latour '38.”
The waiter nodded in approval. “Very good indeed.” He took the menus, her shield, and now she was forced to look at me again.
“Tell me about yourself, Jake,” she said, resting elbows on the table and her chin in her hands. Her face was heart-shaped, fragile as a porcelain doll.
“Not much to tell, I'm afraid. Just a private detective.”
“There must be more than that. Why are you a private detective?” She seemed interested, but I was having a hard time to talking to her. The hair, the freckles, she reminded me too much of Clio, who never asked me questions about myself. Clio made me come up with my own questions, my own answers, my own inspiration. Like a good muse should.
“I was a cop first. Made the wrong enemies, got thrown off the force. Not much else to do at that point but set up my own shop.” I finished my highball as the waiter brought us fresh drinks.
“What sort of enemies, Jake?”
“What are you fishing for, Evelyn?” The bourbon was stronger in the second drink, but still good.
“I want to know what sort of person you are.” Her face had become serious. There was some strength in there, some force behind the tight muscles around her jaw and those high pink cheekbones.
“It isn't a story I like to tell,” I said quietly. My turn to avoid her gaze. I looked out to the sea. The trailing rim of the sun was just dropping below the horizon. There was a twinkle of green as it vanished, a flashing emerald, like the winking of Clio's green eyes. Clio wanted to hear the story too, a story I'd never told her. Never had the chance to.
I took a long pull from the cigarette to delay the inevitable, and then rolled into the story. “There's a very important man in town – you'd know his name if I told you, hell, the Colonel's probably had him over to the house – who likes his women helpless, then in pain, and then dead. Not always in that order.” I couldn't face her right now, so I kept looking out to the dark horizon. “His people were pretty good about covering it up. There are lots of places in town to make a body disappear. Put them in the bay with enough weights to drag them down. Put them in the mountains for the animals to pull apart. Bury them under the foundations of a building that you're doing a ribbon cutting for. If the union owes you enough favors, make them disappear in the killing floor of the stockyards. Cover them in lime and they melt away.” Sink them, bury them, grind them up, feed them to hogs, burn them, chop them up, so many ways to make a body disappear.
“You can stop now, Jake,” she said distantly. When I looked over her face was pale. “I think I understand.”
“You asked. Now listen,” I snapped back. Her head went back like she'd been slapped, but she shut up. “His people finally made a mistake, only weighted down one foot. So one of the bodies came ashore. My partner and I got the case. She was cut up, badly, ligature marks on the wrists and ankles. That meant she'd been tied up,” I said to the confusion in her face. “So we got to work. We made some headway, started to get close. Managed to put her with him on the night of the murder. I wrote it all up and brought it to the D.A.” I finished my drink, slapped it down on the table and the ice and Evelyn both jumped. “And then the roof fell in.”
“I got told to back off. First by my lieutenant, then by the captain, then by the chief himself. They all told me I had the wrong guy. I didn't. I know I didn't. I couldn't drop it. I'd see her face, Evelyn, she was just a girl. My partner got the message, though, he got sick, got reassigned, got a nice little check from the right people. Me, I'm just a fool. I pushed it. The D.A. started listening. He had his own reasons, wanted to run for higher office, make a big case, I didn't care because I was going to take the son of a bitch down! And then a couple of thousand bucks appeared in my bank account. Bribes, they said. Fastest board of review in the history of the force. And I was out.” Out of breath, off the force. I needed another drink. “And they told me I could keep the money if I kept quiet. No one was going to believe me anyway, not after all that.” I looked at her, pleading for some understanding. “I did everything I could for her. And he's still out there, still doing those things, and there's nothing I can do for her. That's why I'm a private detective, Evelyn. Because I can't do anything else for her.”
Neither of us spoke. She was staring at me, tears at the corners of her eyes. The waiter appeared. “The Latour, madam,” he said. She nodded, dabbed at her eyes with her napkin. He deftly uncorked it and gave me the cork. I'd seen this in the movies. I sniffed it, nodded, put it on the table. It was stained red at one end. He poured me a small shot of wine. I sniffed it again, swirled it, took a bit in my mouth and swished it around, parroting things I'd seen my betters do on the silver screen. It was a rich flavor, flooding my mouth with sensations, like I'd eaten a ripe peach. Maybe this is why people like this stuff. Finally I nodded. “Excellent, sir,” he murmured, and he poured us both full glasses, leaving the wine at the table. And then he vanished again, leaving us to our silence.
She picked up her glass. “To her,” she said, raising it.
“Which her?” I picked up my glass.
“The one you tried to save,” she replied, and we clinked our glasses.
“To her,” I whispered, but at this point I wasn't sure if she was a body rotting in the bay, Clio, Erato, Urania, or Evelyn Walker across the table from me in her white dress. I'd never saved any of them before. Why would things be different this time?
Her steak looked wonderful. A slab of beef sautéed in something aromatic. And then they put my plate in front of me. A small mound of raw meat topped with a raw egg yolk. A yellow eye staring at me out of ruin of raw flesh. An assault of memories, blood pooling red between Erato's perfect breasts as she died in my arms, the strips of raw meat hanging from the ruins of Urania's body after the Furies had scourged her, the neat little hole surrounded by powder burns on the back of Clio's skull, the bodies we'd pulled from the bay after they'd been filleted by murderers, dead men in the hills of Greece and the abattoir of room 808 and I was running to the bathroom to throw up the bourbon and the horrible chili from earlier. The remains of the day washed down the perfect spotless porcelain of the Cliff House as I tried to shake away the memories of murders. The bathroom attendant, an old black man with some wisps of white hair topping his skull, made sympathetic noises when I emerged and took the time to check that I hadn't soiled my tux. “You look most presentable, sir,” he said.
“Wish I felt that good,” I responded. “Listen, buddy, can you get me a shot of bourbon – neat, no ice and no goddamn water?” I waved two ones at him.
“Of course, sir,” he said, and he was back in under a minute. I used half the bourbon to rinse out my mouth and the rest to settle my stomach.
“Back into the game, sir,” the attendant said, patting me on the back. I nodded, and went back to face Evelyn.
She was still sitting there, toying with her wine glass, raising it to the lights. When she saw me, she stood. “Jake? Are you all right?”
Brave face, big smile. “Just fine, Evelyn. Sorry about that.” I took my seat. The plate was still in front of me, the yolk glistening in the candlelight. “I thought this was steak tartare,” I said, picking up my fork.
She looked at her own steak. “It is. But it's also steak à l'Americaine. Sorry. I thought it was funny. If you don't like it . . . .”
I took my fork and cut the yolk in half. Yellow fluid oozed over red meat. The fork dug into the shredded meat and I raised the entire nightmare to my lips, fighting to hold my gorge down. It was cool on the lips and rich on the tongue. It was fantastic. I chewed thoughtfully for a moment and swallowed, and everything stayed down. I followed it with some wine. “That's incredible,” I said, and she relaxed.
“I'm glad you like it,” she said as she started to cut into her steak. “I find it horrible myself.”
I added a few of the unidentified bits around my plate to the next bite. Something crunchy. I knew that taste. Capers. Sometimes I got them in martinis when I wanted olives. Of course, when I got martinis I really wanted bourbon. “You should try it,” I said.
“Business now,” she said, changing the subject. I was ready for business by now. “Tell me what you were doing for my husband?”
“Hang on,” I said between forkfuls of raw beef, “why do you think I was working for your husband?”
“I found your business card on his desk. Along with some photographs. And I'm not stupid, Jake.” She sipped her wine, gave me a challenging look.
“There are rules, Evelyn. I can't go talking about clients.”
“You tell me what I want to know, I'll tell you something you need to know, Jake.” Her lipstick left prefect imprints on the rim of her wineglass.
“You saw the pictures?” I asked. She nodded. “I took them. He wanted me to follow you to see if you were cheating on him. And you were.”
“Yes, I was. He's a horrible man and . . . .” I raised a hand.
“Spare me, Evelyn. I don't need to know your reasons. We had a deal. What do I need to know?” I finished my wine, poured us both another glass.
She put down her knife and fork and set her jaw. “Fine. He tried to kill you last night, and he's going to kill me. And if he kills me he's going to have to kill you because you told him that the police would ask you questions if I died. Is that good enough for you?”
“Yeah, that's pretty good,” I said, chasing around a last bit of yolk and raw beef with a piece of bread. “How do you know that, though?”
“Because I knew he knew. I could see it in his face, and it scared me. He's brutal, Jake, and he will kill me. And you.” There were tears again in her eyes, color rising in her cheeks.
“OK, but that doesn't explain how you know what I said to him. Were you eavesdropping then? No, you couldn't have been,” I said, “because you were outside playing tennis in that little . . . .” I trailed off.
“No, it was later. He thought I had gone to bed. He was in his study, talking to Hank and another man. He told Hank to kill you and figure out a way to make me disappear. But then he changed his mind. He laughed. He told the other man to go to you, told Hank to take a shot at you and miss.” A shiver down my spine. Avoiding getting shot was kind of a thrill. Churchill said that there was nothing like get shot at without results. Finding out that you'd been spared, that some torpedo with a pistol deliberately missed when he could have popped your skull and brains into yolk and raw meat was another matter all together.
“Who's Hank?” I asked to chase away the image of my brains on the sidewalk.
“He's the head of security for Walker Chemical,” she replied. “A brute.”
They cleared our plates. “I ordered a chocolate soufflé while you were in the restroom,” Evelyn said. “It'll be out soon. Finish your wine and I'll order a pair of Irish coffees.” Dutifully, I finished off my glass. 
“Who was the other man?” I asked.
“I never saw him, and he spoke very quietly. The Colonel called him an 'old friend.'” It was getting cool on the deck, and she trembled. I stood, took off my jacket, and draped it over her shoulders.
The soufflé and the coffee arrived. The soufflé was magnificent, standing tall and tasting like chocolate breath.
“Who was the guy you were seeing yesterday? Are you going to run off with him?” The coffee was hot and rich with whiskey.
“David? No. He was just someone who wasn't the Colonel, someone whose skin isn't full of salt, whose fingers aren't raspy on my, on my skin. He's truly horrible, Jake.” She pulled my tux coat around her tight. “I can't go back there. He'll kill me. Worse. He may want to touch me tonight.” Tears were streaming down her face now, the walls that had tried to hold them back all night had finally fallen, a flood of salty water down her cheeks and on to her uneaten soufflé. She opened up her purse, pulled out a roll of cash, then some jewelry, and finally a little Beretta Jetfire. An early model, one without a safety, I realized. “This is all I have in the world, Jake.”
“Put that stuff away. Carefully,” I said. Hair trigger on the Jetfire. It wasn't a manstopper, but I really didn't want to bleed out here on the deck of the Cliff House because Evelyn Walker's shaky fingers accidentally sent a round into my chest.
“I want to hire you, Jake. I need protection.” She sniffled, blew her nose daintily on her napkin.
“So go to the cops,” I said coldly. I ate the last bite of the soufflé.
“He owns the police. I'll end up like that girl, tied up and chopped up and dumped in the bay.” She reached across the table and took my hands. “Please.”
I was always a sucker for a pretty face. It was going to kill me someday. Probably today. “OK. Twenty dollars a day, plus expenses. You have somewhere to go?” She shook her head. “Then we find a hotel. Not one of the big ones. He'll look there. We hole you up there while we get some new identification and get you out of town. All right?” She nodded, desperately. “Then finish your coffee and don't let the soufflé go to waste.” She obeyed, taking a bite of the soufflé and smiling wanly. Now I was where I needed to be. Now I was in control.


Chapter Eight – Smoke and Steam
The Harrington was not a famous hotel, but it was a well-appointed one, or at least it had been once. Deep burgundy carpet in the lobby (but worn down along well-trod paths between the door, the desk, and the elevators), a liveried doorman in red and gold (frayed at the cuffs, slightly tarnished), the faint feeling of decay, of good times past and a long middle age waiting. I ran my hand along the underside of the brass railing on the front steps and pulled away fingertips tarnished green. But it had what I wanted – a low enough profile that no one would look for Evelyn Walker there, enough quality that Evelyn wouldn't find a cockroach, and a discreet manager who was willing to ignore my discomfort when I signed the two of us in as husband and wife, willing not to ask about the lack of luggage. The Harrington didn't exactly charge by the hour, but its location downtown made it convenient for a businessman looking for a noon rendezvous with their secretary. I'd tracked a few targets down here before, but the house dick didn't seem to recognize me. Probably on the lookout for angry wives.
I passed the night manager a twenty and signed in as Mister Jackson and wife. Evelyn smirked. “A suite with a sitting room,” I said. Now she frowned.
“Of course, Mister Jackson,” the manager said, making the twenty disappear behind the desk. “Queen-sized bed acceptable?”
“It'll do,” I shrugged. Evelyn looked annoyed, but I got the key to 617 anyway. It dangled from a chunk of wood that would make a good sap in a pinch. It was a silent ride up to the sixth floor, a bored elevator operator not even opening his eyes when I put a dime in his outstretched palm.
As he pulled the door shut, Evelyn hissed, “One bed? You're not expecting to share a bed with me, are you?”
“Nope. Not even sharing a room with you, Evelyn. You're a client. I don't mess around with clients.” Unless they're Erato. Or you, if you're willing, I thought.
“All right, then” she said, crossing her arms protectively across her chest. Was she relieved or offended? I had to laugh at myself. She's not after you, Conrad. You're a decade older, and only that if you lie about your age.
The key turned smoothly in the lock, and the room wasn't bad at all. A good-sized sitting room, two comfortable arm chairs which meant I had somewhere to sleep, and a smaller bedroom with a neatly made bed. “Welcome home, Evelyn. Until we get this cleared up, you need to stay here.”
She walked past me and stood in the middle of the sitting room. Evelyn looked around, lost and small. “Get what cleared up, Jake? What are we going to do?”
“You get some sleep, and I guard you out here. Tomorrow, I go see some friends of mine who can get you out of town. Do you have somewhere to go? Relatives he doesn't know about?” I picked up the phone to give her a chance to think about it, called down to the desk. “I need ice and a bottle of bourbon in 617, on the room tab,” I snapped.
Evelyn sat down in one massive armchair, swallowed up by the dark soft cushions. “I don't know, Jake. My parents, no, they're dead. My sister in Chicago, but he knows about her.” She rested her head against the wing of the chair. She tucked her long legs under herself.
I sat down across from her. “Look, Evelyn, we don't have to figure it all out tonight.” She nodded, but her eyes were not reassured. I kept my voice calm, slow. “He's going to figure out you're gone tonight. He'll start by making calls to places he thinks you might go, people he thinks you might have gone to. This place is not going to be on his list, and neither am I. That buys us time. We'll get you a new haircut, a new hair color – you want to be a blond, a redhead?” Blond and she'd look a lot like Clio. Bad thought, Jake. You can't bring her back to life. That never ends well, does it, Orpheus? Eurydice has already vanished like the morning mist, Jake, and Clio's not coming back. I needed a drink and settled for a cigarette.
She smiled, thinking about her hair. “Blond, I think, maybe a little shorter.” She flipped her bangs off her forehead. “What do you think, Jake, how would I look as a blond?”
I took my time lighting the cigarette to buy myself some time. I shook one out for her, but she'd already pulled a long thin smoke from her purse. She put it to her lips, then passed it over to me. I lit it from the same match. Two on a match is fine, three is bad luck. The ivory tip was crimson with her lipstick. “You didn't answer, Jake. How will I look as a blond?” She lowered her eyelashes and leaned forward, gazing at me through her auburn bangs.
“I'm the wrong person to ask about that, Evelyn,” I said. “Not much for women's fashions.”
She laughed, girlishly. “It's not a fashion choice, Jake, do you think I'd be attractive as a blond?” She dragged on the cigarette, blowing a stream of smoke out of her nose, and I remembered a dragon I still needed to have a talk with.
“Of course you would,” I said. “I know a guy who can do a good dye job and won't talk about it. Hairdresser down on Haight Street. I caught him on a morals charge – if you know what I mean – when I was a cop.” A knock at the door, two short raps.
“Get in the bedroom, Evelyn,” I said. I pulled out my .38 as she retreated and closed the door. I eased the hammer back on the revolver and kept it concealed behind the door when I opened it. A liveried hotel boy was there, a silver platter balanced on one hand, two glasses, one bottle, a silver urn of ice.
“Your bourbon, sir,” he said with an artful bow.
“Bring it in, kid,” I said. I stepped behind him, kept the gun behind my back as I shut the door. He put the tray down on the table between the two easy chairs. His eyes flickered on the ash tray where Evelyn's cigarette was smoldering. Kid had a good eye, I realized. He noticed things. I lowered the hammer and reholstered the revolver before he turned around. “Thanks, kid,” I said, tipping him a dollar. He backed out of the room, muttering thanks.
I shut the door behind him, shot the bolt. “Come on out, Evelyn.” I tossed ice into the crystal glasses. The cubes splintered with a musical tinkling. The door to the bedroom opened as I poured the bourbon, one finger for her, four for me. “Just the kid with the booze,” I said, and she came into the sitting room. I passed her a glass as she sat down. Her fingers were long, her nails painted lavender. Short nails. She was a horse rider, a tennis player, she couldn't sit around all day nursing inch long nails.
“So, new haircut, new hair color,” I said. “Blond, right?” She nodded, sipped the bourbon, made a face.
“This is the best you could get?” she asked, sputtering a little as a flush rose in her cheeks.
“Sorry, princess,” I replied with a smirk, tossing back half of my glass. “You want champagne? I'm sure they have a bottle of something downstairs.”
She sneered and drank the rest of the bourbon with a convulsive swallow. “More,” she commanded with a croak, holding out the glass. Her eyes were watering. I shrugged, poured her two more fingers. She took another gulp. “Blond,” she wheezed. “I have old college friends in Atlanta. I could go to them.” Another sip. She was getting used to it now, but her cheeks grew even more red. “I'll need some more money, though, to get on with life.”
And to pay your bill, the mercenary side of my brain thought. I took a small sip, then some smoke from the cigarette to chase it down. “Do you have any bank accounts? Any money of your own?”
“Just my mad money,” she said. “A few hundred for throwing around.” Some of which we'd already spent on the hotel room. Twenty of which was already mine for the first day. Evelyn Walker was going to learn about poverty quickly at this rate.
“Give me your hands,” I said, and she obediently held them across the table. The smoke from her cigarette, slowly burning out in the ashtray, filtered lazily up through her fingers.
I took her hands. They were warm, a few calluses from the reins and rackets. A wedding ring with a big stone on the left, two more rings, one pearl, one sapphire, on the right, bracelet of emeralds on her right wrist. When I looked over at her, she was staring at me with those big dark brown eyes. She was blushing. I quickly dropped her hands and picked up my glass. “If those are all real, that's a couple of hundred or more at a pawn shop,” I said. “That's enough to get you to Atlanta and still have a purse full of bills.” I finished my glass. By the time I finished pouring myself another one she was holding her empty glass out to me. I poured her two more fingers as she worked to pull the wedding ring off her hand. It clinked on the table between us. There was a pale white band of regret left on her tanned skin. We both looked at the ring in silence.
“Take it,” she said finally. “Get what you can for it.” There was strength in her voice, maybe from conviction, maybe from bourbon, it didn't really matter. She pounded back the next glass like a pro, and then stood. She wobbled slightly on her feet. The booze had done a number on her, her skin flushed, her eyes shining. “I'm not used to this stuff,” she said. “I think I'll head to bed. Take a shower first.” She gave me a crooked smile that made her look like a woman, not a scared girl running from home, and walked with slow, purposeful dignity toward the bedroom. She stopped at the doorway and leaned against the jamb, steadying herself. She looked back at me over her shoulder, the smile still there, and went in. She swung the door nearly shut behind her, leaving it ajar a few inches, an invitation.
I slowly drank my bourbon and smoked two cigarettes to ashes while listening to the shower rain on her skin. The bourbon had gone straight to my head, the room was hot. I opened the window and leaned out, looking down on San Francisco below. Union Square was bustling on a warm night. I gulped the outside air, trying to clear my head. It was happening again, I was getting caught up in a woman when I had work to do. So damn weak.
“Jake?” she called from the bedroom. “I'm done, if you need the bathroom.” Need? What did I need? I hadn't been with a woman since the night before Erato died. In the next room Evelyn waited, drunk, willing, needy, alone and confused, my client. Erato knew what she was doing. Evelyn thought she knew what she was doing. The only one without a clue was the shamus.
I pulled my tux jacket off, draped it over the back of the armchair. The holster next, unhooking the leather straps that kept the .38 close to my heart. It left a line of sweat on my shirt. Evelyn's wedding ring was still sitting on the table, as clear a sign of her freedom as she could give. I pulled my handkerchief out and picked the ring up with it. It felt warm, still warm from her skin, and I tucked it into my shirt pocket. “Jake?” she called again.
“You decent?” I asked, pausing at the door. I started to unknot my tie.
She giggled. “You won't see anything, Jake.”
I opened the door and went in. The only light in the room was a lamp on the bedstead, casting dim light. Her clothes were scattered on the floor, unfolded, all of them in wrinkled heaps, discarded like old skin, white dress, white hat, white panties and brassiere. Her eyes, lost in shadows from the lamp, stared at me. The sheets covered everything but her head and bare shoulders. She was on the left side of the bed, not in the middle; the right side was empty and waiting. “Decent enough, Jake?” Another drunken giggle.
I nodded before fleeing into the bathroom, opening the door into a cloud of perfumed steam. I locked the door behind me, stripped, and took a short cold shower to clear away the bourbon and the lust. I dried off and started to pick up my clothes, knowing full well I could walk out there right now without a stitch, climb into that bed beside her, and help Evelyn Walker celebrate her freedom. She was a grown woman, even if she was drunk. Instead I slowly put on the boxers, pants, and undershirt. I collected the rest of my clothes, rinsed my mouth, and opened the bathroom door while my reptile brain was cursing out my sense of honor. I was absurdly proud to realize I still had some shreds of honor but I knew they could blow away like the last scraps of clouds before a strong wind if Evelyn pushed me.
But she was snoring quietly, a small sound, almost like a cat's purr. I turned out the lamp and closed the bedroom door behind me. I pushed the two armchairs together, put the gun on the table next to me, and tried to sleep without thinking of Clio, Erato, or Evelyn Walker's bare shoulders.


Chapter Nine – Back on Track
I woke with a start, coming out of a dream I didn't want to recall. My hand found the textured grip of the .38 and I relaxed. The bedroom door was shut. There was a quarter of a bottle of bourbon left, and a silver urn with a trace of water, all that was left of last night's ice. I poured myself a splash and drank it quickly. A good breakfast. By my watch it was nearly nine. I'd overslept.
I opened the door to the bedroom a crack. The sunlight framed Evelyn as she lay sleeping. She'd struggled with something in the night, and the sheets were askew. I could see the top of one breast, a semicircle of dark pink in the middle, the side of a thigh, fragments and cuts of a body that I could have taken last night. I lingered longer then I'd like to admit – just to make sure she was breathing, of course – before quietly closing the door.
I buttoned up my shirt, patted the breast pocket to make sure her ring was still there. It was, and not alone. The scute. I took it out, held it in the sunlight. I needed to see the dragon. Idiot. Unprofessional. Chasing after a woman, neglecting your case.
 I found a pen and hotel stationary.
Evelyn – I've gone out to see about a few things. Stay in the room. Call room service for anything you need. I'll check in when I can.
I strapped the holster on and shrugged on my coat, placed the hat on my head. I stood out in my wrinkled white tuxedo and decided to go by the apartment first. A nice brown suit, a vest, and a more worn hat and I felt like a new man. I grabbed a plate of eggs at the diner and drove down Marine Drive to Fort Point. There were a few tourists there this morning, walking around the old gun platforms. I found the dragon sitting on the wall, a fishing line dangling in the water below, and a long ivory pipe held in his lips.
“Good morning,” I said, climbing the stairs to sit next to him. The stones were still cool and still damp from the night air.
“Mister Conrad,” he said, puffing smoke. “I was wondering when you would return.”
“My apologies,” I said, looking down at the waves lapping lazily against the wall. “I got called off on another matter.” The water below was squirming with fish. I'd never seen so many at once, a movement of silver and black scales, a swarm around the dragon's fishing line. Something gray and white with the eyes of a dead woman rolled over slowly below me, showing a mouth with rows of jagged teeth.
“I thought I was your only client, Conrad,” the dragon said.
“I don't think I ever agreed to that, sir,” I replied calmly. A skate flew just under the surface, graceful as a bird.
“Perhaps not. No matter. What have you found?” He jiggled the line slightly and the mass of fish roiled and boiled.
“As I said yesterday, I found two Japs that fit the bill. Both dead. My sources with the cops tell me that both of the dead men were policemen. I found this at the scene.” I pulled the scute out of my pocket.
Fog rolled from his nostrils. “A dragon's scale. I see why you suspected me.” It's a scute, not a scale, I wanted to say, and there were also the claw marks, buddy. “But as you can see,” he continued, “that scale is red. My scales are golden.”
“Great. So you're innocent, that's a good thing,” I said. “But that also means there's another dragon, doesn't it?”
“So it would seem.” He seemed unconcerned and played out a bit more line. He didn't seem to be interested in catching anything, but he was watching the mass of fish carefully. Some kind of fish magic, maybe? My brain reached back to the Greek, dredged up words for fish and divining, arrived at piscomancy. Scrying his future in the movement of fish?
“You see, that's what I would consider an important fact,” I replied, a bit of heat in my voice. “Why would another dragon be involved? Why would he kill two Japanese cops?”
“Perhaps the matters are unrelated.” More fog from his nostrils.
“Cut the crap, Hwang Ho. Two dragons don't just waltz into San Francisco at the same time with the same interest in some Japs. If you know why some other Chinese dragon's here, you need to tell me.”
“Mortal,” the old man said, “I don't have to tell you anything. You are my servant.”
“I'm your employee, buddy,” I snapped back, “and I can and will walk away from this.”
Silence. The dragon played the line a bit more. “Why do you assume it is a Chinese dragon?”
“What else could it be?” I asked.
“There are dragons in Japan, Mister Conrad,” he said.
I paused. “Can they take the form of a man as well?”
He laughed, sending puffs of fog across the water. “Of course.” We were slipping into a fogbank of his breath.
“Could a dragon have stolen your pearl?” The more fog he puffed, the more the fog cleared from my mind.
“No mortal could have, Conrad. I thought you understood that. She said you understood such things.” He was looking at me now, and the great mass of fish swimming below began to scatter as the spell broke and the shark realized it was hungry.
Oh, Clio. Getting me in trouble still. “I learned a long time ago not to make assumptions about things like you,” I said. Things like Clio, like Erato. Like Evelyn Walker. 
“Then yes, Mister Conrad, I think it quite likely a dragon stole my pearl. Perhaps a dragon from Japan. A red dragon, from the scale you have, and an old one. One that is here, now, in this city, with my pearl.”
“Then I have two more people to check. One of which might be a dragon. Any suggestion on how to fight a dragon? I don't have a horse or lance,” I ended lamely.
His eyes blazed. “You are mortal. You cannot fight a dragon. Find him, and come to me, and I will deal with the criminal.”
They said mortals couldn't hurt muses either, buddy, but ask Urania about that. “OK. My turn to ask a question.” He nodded slightly. “How do you know Clio?”
“The deaths of three Muses shook the world slightly, Mister Conrad, whether you and your kind felt it or not. Even in the Middle Kingdom, we knew. You were the focus of many powers for a time, Conrad. And in the end, we determined that through luck, wile, and no small courage, you managed to kill the Muse of Astronomy.” He looked back down into the sea where the sharks were gathering. “When I found I needed to come to San Francisco, I sought out Clio's new incarnation, to ask about you. She remains fond of you, you know. She spoke highly of you, compared you to Ulysses. Said if any mortal could help, you could.”
“So . . . so, she's doing well?”
“She is. She has incarnated again to continue her tasks of history.”
“Where? Where is she?”
The dragon laughed. “Mister Conrad, you cannot go looking for her. She was in your life, and now she is not. Thus it is with inspiration. She would want you, I think, to continue with your life.”
“Fair enough,” I said, pushing that matter aside for a moment. “I'm going to check out the other two people today. I'll be in touch.”
“I'll be waiting, Mister Conrad.” He dropped his line back into the water and the fish began to swarm again. As I walked away, he spoke. “Conrad. Do not go looking for History. She is no longer the form or person you know. The one you fell in love with is dead. Only a fool would go chasing her memory.” He snapped the line up, a mass of teeth and fins dangling from the end, and I knew he was right.
The address for the third Jap was in Japantown in an alley off Geary. When I got out of the car I knew I was going to be the fish out of water here. Japs and blacks. The Japs had the place first, until Roosevelt moved them all out into the desert after Pearl Harbor. The blacks moved in, following the war and the jobs west. Then the Japs came back. They mixed uncomfortably here, oil and water, or kerosene and fire.
Half the signs were in Japanese, half in English, and I could get sushi or barbeque ribs depending on which side of the street I went to. Everyone was taking my measure, asking themselves if I was a cop. A snatch of beautiful trumpet wafted from a fourth story window, some crazy jazz that rooted me in place to listen. I shook off its spell and ducked into the alley. Cats looked at me lazily from dumpsters, their ears torn, their eyes yellow and gold. “Say hi to Bast for me, fellows,” I whispered, and a large black tom arched his back and hissed. “Hey, it can't hurt to ask.”
The alley ended at a green scratched door, and I could hear throbbing drums and smell marihuana smoke. I rapped on it twice, and a huge Negro opened it. He had brass knuckles on his left hand, but he didn't need them. He could reduce my face to hamburger with or without them. The muscles on his arms bulged, veins straining the surface. “What do you want?” he asked in a surprisingly high soft voice.
“Looking for someone, buddy,” I said.
“You police?” His hands worked into fists. He shook them out. His fingernails were bitten to the quick.
“Nope,” I said respectfully. “Private dick. Been paid to find a guy, and he gave this address. A Jap. Tanaka Yoshie. Maybe Yoshie Tanaka?” He just stared. His fingers twitched back into fists. “Is he here?” 
His face split into an ugly smile. “Maybe, maybe not.” He was missing more teeth then he had left. Definitely a boxer. He put out his hand, telegraphing his move. I put a five in his massive palm. He took it, folded it neatly, and put it in his pocket. “Maybe, maybe not,” he said again. Another five in the pocket. “In the shower, again. Always in the shower. Uses all the hot water.”
“What room?” I held out another five.
“Three, man,” he said, and he moved aside.
I stepped around him. The first floor of the building was a rough-built bar. Negros and Japs sat together at tables, smoking reefers and drinking. A jazz quintet was on stage, four of the members drinking beer while the drummer pounded away on a solo, lost in the beat. A half-hundred heads turned to look at me, and at least a dozen people got up and started to make their way out. I went up to the bar. “Shot of bourbon,” I murmured, putting a buck on the bar. He poured me a short shot. “Thanks.” I tossed it back. “Thought I said bourbon, not bourbon and water.” He shrugged without responding. “Rooms upstairs?” He nodded. I touched the rim of my hat and started up the stairs. The drummer was still pounding away.
A narrow, dank hallway, three doors on either side, and one at the far end. The bathroom. I could hear the shower running. That would be Mister Tanaka. Or Mister Yoshie. I could never remember which was the Jap first name.
The lock to room three gave away easily. The room was surprisingly clean, and smelled like the sea and stale nicotine. A single bed, a window looking out onto the alley, a nightstand, a table pocked with cigarette burns. One bag, open on the nightstand. Too small for the pearl. I shut the door behind me and locked it. The closet was empty, but there was a box under the bed. A big box. I pulled it out, and it felt almost empty. My pulse started to race. It was going to be this easy. Grab the pearl, get out, give it to the dragon. I opened the box.
It was like looking into a raincloud, a mix of white and dark, swirling, potent. When I touched it I could feel the thrum of water racing deep beneath its cool surface. All the waters of the world, the dragon had said, bundled up into a pearl in a cheap wooden box in Japantown. It was beautiful, powerful, and dangerous. So just like I did with everything else beautiful, powerful, or dangerous, I lingered looking at it, and didn't hear the key in the lock.
“A thief.” The voice was calm, low, and female.
My heart stopped. I slowly put the top of the box back on. “Yeah, you are, sister,” I said, trying to sound confident. I turned. She was standing in the doorway, a towel wrapped around her, long black hair still dripping with water, forming a puddle beneath her on the dirty carpet.
She stepped forward, shut the door behind her. “Who are you? Who sent you?” She didn't seem scared of me, a strange man in her room, and her with nothing more than a towel. Warning bells began to ring in my head.
“That's not important. I'm here for the pearl, sister. You Tanaka?” I pulled out my revolver, kept the barrel pointing at the floor. Her face – her lovely face, damp from the shower – didn't change. The warning bells were running at five alarms now, and my thumb caressed the hammer.
“Hwang Ho sent you.” It wasn't a question. She started gliding toward me. Her movement was hypnotic, her hips swayed and when her legs began to melt together, shifting and flowing into a snake's body, a long tail dragging behind her. I should have been scared, or sick, but I was caught in her eyes, cat's eyes or snake's eyes that locked my legs and arms in place. “Hwang Ho sends a mortal for his pearl.” Her voice was becoming sibilant, drawing out into hisses. It was the sight of her tongue, black, forked, flickering out tasting the air, that finally broke the spell.
I pulled my arm up; the .38 seemed to weigh a hundred pounds, the air thick as molten lead. I emptied the gun at her, and the Smith and Wesson roared six times before coming down on an empty cylinder with a click of finality. Each shot hit her, and she flinched, ducking and writhing. We were both screaming at that point, me in fear, her in rage. Her towel dropped, and I saw her almond-honey skin going to dusky red scales, no, scutes, scutes growing up over her breasts and her teeth pushing out into fangs. I grabbed the box and ran for the window.
The dirty glass exploded around me as I went through. I braced for a fall but stopped short with a jerk, half in and half out, and I smashed down on the sash. Shards of glass clawed into my legs. Dangling from the window, impaled on the glass, I strained to looking back. My right foot was wrapped in her red tail. “Thief!” she roared. “The pearl is mine!”
I wasn't in any position to argue. “Then take it!” I yelled, and I threw the box. The top opened and the pearl tumbled toward the ground. I was falling now, above me her red tail whipped toward the pearl and I slammed down into a dumpster full of trash and rotten fish and angry, angry cats. The crazy drum beats from the bar still hammered the air as I pushed myself out and started to limp away, trailing trash and blood. Looking back, I saw the pearl, tangled in her tail, being dragged back in through the shattered window. I decided not to stick around to see if she was going to chase me. I ran as best I could back to the car and got the hell out of Japantown.


Chapter Ten – Picking up the Pieces
Dizzy, I leaned against the dirty metal door of the elevator as it shuddered up to my office. The hall was empty, and I staggered over to Tony's door. “Yeah?” he grunted when I knocked. I swung it open. He was still working on that cat, had sewn some pigeon's wings on to it, and was working on a pose. “Hey, Jake,” he said, barely looking up. “This is tough. I want it to look like it's ready to leap into the sky, you know?”
“Into the catbird's seat,” I guess. “Another favor?”
He sat up, looked at me, my legs, and the drops of blood falling on the floor. “Jesus, Jake,” he sighed. “Take off your pants and get on the table.”
“Not the best offer I've had lately,” I said. I grimaced as I pulled my torn pants down, pulling away the scabs that had been welding flesh to fabric. Fresh blood pooled from my wounds as I sat on the table.
“Went out through a window again?” Tony pulled a bottle down. Alcohol. He soaked a cloth in it and tossed it to me. “Clean 'em out.”
I started to wash the gouges, wincing as the alcohol stung. “Yeah. Second story, this time.”
When Tony turned back, he had a wicked crooked needle and some thick thread. “You gotta be more careful. How many need thread?” I took a quick accounting, found that most of them were scrapes and small cuts. Only two were deep enough to still be pushing out blood in amounts that mattered.
“Just those,” I said. He nodded.
“You ready?” The needle looked big.
“Yeah. Do it.” I locked my jaw and stared at the cat as the needle dug in and pulled the thread through. Back and forth, back and forth, stitching the skin back together. I was going to get some good scars out of this. He finished the first one and started on the second, needle burrowing through my skin, the thread crawling in after it. The cat arched its back and looked at me, humor in its glass eyes. It flexed its wings and flew, flew through the glass of the window without breaking it and out into the daylight, carrying my best wishes back to Bast.
A horrible smell assaulted my nose. “Wake up, Jake.” I opened my eyes, the winged cat was still poised to leap for the sky, and Tony was holding something nasty under my nose. “I'm done. You passed out.”
I pushed myself up. “Nah, I just needed a nap. Thanks, Tony. That's two I owe you.” And one I owe Bast, I guess.
“No problem, Jake. I know you're good for it.” He tossed me a rag. “You can clean up the blood, though.”
I gave the job a few minutes, made sure the place was as clean as I found it – hell, cleaner. Tony may have washed out as a vet, but he could stitch a wound without the questions a doctor would ask. I'd have to buy him a bottle of something nice soon. I opened the door, made sure the hallway was empty, and limped over to my office. “Mister Conrad!” Sarah shrieked. I was touched by her concern until she opened her mouth again. “Where are your pants?” Then she saw the cuts. “Are you all right?”
“Yeah, I think so,” I said. “Any messages?”
“No, but, shouldn't you see a doctor or something?”
“I'll be fine, Sarah. Why don't you take the rest of the day?” I didn't have to ask her twice. She was packed up and out the door within a minute, and I knew I was going to need a new secretary soon. One who could put up with me staggering into the office in the middle of the day, pantless and bleeding. A rare breed of secretary. I retreated to my office, poured myself a bourbon, and tried to think.
When it came to dealing with Muses, I knew something. I'd had a classical education at my father's knee – and at the back of his hand. The old son-of-a-bitch had drilled classical Greek into me, prayers and inscriptions and the names of every God and Goddess in the skies, seas, and underground of Greece. But when it came to anything else I was at sea. Chinese dragons? Japanese snake-women? A blank. And I couldn't shake the feeling I was being played here. I never liked that feeling. I needed information, and my own library was pretty slim on books about the mysterious Orient. I wasn't going back to the dragon – either one of them – until I had a better idea of what the hell was going on.
I drove down Haight Street to where it crossed Ashbury, where Morrie had his shop. A hairdresser and a fairy, he owed me one. I could have sent him down on a sodomy charge a few years back, but what the hell did I care what he and his kind got up to? So I let him walk. Sometimes, when I needed to look different to follow a target that knew me, I'd have him work me over so I could pass for someone else. He was a good guy, at least for a fairy.
He was putting some fat matron's gray hair up in massive curls when I came in. “Jake!” he said with a wave. He leaned down and kissed the woman on the cheek. “Be right back, darling, I have to deal with this man here,” he whispered to her as he arched an eyebrow. She tittered. We shook hands and stepped into his office. “What can I do for you, Jake?” he asked.
“I have a client, Morrie, she needs a blond dye job and a shorter haircut, and she needs it today.” He nodded. “Very discreet, Morrie. People are looking for her.”
“How exciting! How mysterious!”
“Tell her I said she'd pay you fifty.” I wrote down the address at the Harrington. “Remember, Morrie, discreet. Like I was.”
“I won't forget, Jake,” he replied, and I felt bad for bringing it up.
I used his phone to warn Evelyn he was coming, and then headed back to the car. San Francisco State College was in its last years on Haight Street. Flush with soldiers on the G.I. Bill, they were moving to a new campus on Lake Merced as soon as they could get all the buildings up. They had what I needed right now – a good library and some folks that might know something about Chinese and Japanese mythology.
I started with the library, pulling out microfilm from the Chronicle and the Examiner. I needed to know more about Colonel Walker. If I was going to get Evelyn to safety, and keep her safe, I needed to know just how far his salty hands could reach, whether he had business interests across the country, whether he had friends that could bring down the heat. I could see a Mann Act violation in my future if I took her across state lines, G-men and a trip to Alcatraz.
There were a lot of stories on Walker. He was in shipping first, or at least his family was when they came to the country from . . . Greece? That didn't make a lot of sense. Walker's not exactly a Greek surname, not even close. I dug deeper, then laughed, earning a shush from the librarian. Whoever processed Walker's father at Ellis Island had a sense of humor. Diogenesos, son of Diogenes, the man who walked the world looking for an honest soul. And so it becomes Walker in the New World. All right, then.
Walker's father leaves him a solid sum of money. He probably didn't need to work, but he went to college, engineering, took over Walker Shipping from his father, made a good nut from that. Spent his money in politics. Backed Roosevelt in his first run, made a good bet there. And in return he gets sent to China? Local Man is Special Envoy, the headline in the Chronicle read. Appointed by Roosevelt in 1933. A picture of “local man,” already old as the hills, shaking hands with Generalissimo Chaing Kai Shek. Putting his engineering skills to work on the Yellow River. Go back in time, pull up some issues from 1931, the Yellow River floods, millions die. Walker advises the locals on flood control. The article notes that the Chinese call the river Hwang Ho.
I'd learned long ago that anything that looked like coincidence in this business was probably conspiracy, and the hairs on the back of my neck, now standing at attention, had clearly absorbed that lesson. Walker had been on the Yellow River. During floods. But the old man said the pearl disappeared in 1938. Where was Walker in '38? The Examiner answered that one, still in China, senior envoy and assistant to Ambassador Nelson Johnson, frequent traveler around the country. Mister Walker comments on the Japanese aggression, says “China is eternal, and the Japanese will find this out to their regret.” Mister Walker leaves the country in 1938, after the Yellow River has flooded again, all of Walker's flood control efforts blasted by the Nationalists in a last ditch effort to stop the Japanese with walls of water. Another million dead, but the Jap army is stopped, and the Yellow River rages on to the sea.
Walker never returns to China. He's richer now, that's clear, buying a new house on the hills. Made a lot of money in China. He buys the old salt works down on the bay, says that production of salt, coupled with shipping of goods, is a good combination. Founds Walker Salt and Chemical. Big man in town. And then the war starts. The Japs bomb Pearl, Roosevelt signs Order 9066, and they start the internments. And who's in charge in San Francisco? Colonel Walker, reservist, promising to enforce the internment order humanely but strictly. A picture of Walker, older now, not yet the skeleton he is today, in Japantown, a line of military trucks, a moment frozen in time of Jap families with all they can carry heading out into the desert.
Walker makes money off internment, like he made money off China. No one says it outright, but he buys salt mines in the desert, first owned by Japs. Picks up some interned Jap ships, pennies on the dollar. Buys buildings in Japantown, rents them to the Negros at high rates. No one uses the word 'profiteer,' not on someone of Walker's station. But the smell is there.
Roosevelt's dead, Truman's in, and Walker's marrying Evelyn, the society pages love it, she's so beautiful next to him, and he's a stopped breath away from being a desiccated corpse.
I turned off the reader. Walker was powerful. He had friends in Washington still. Evelyn was going to have to disappear completely. Mexico, maybe, or Cuba. Somewhere warm and quiet. I rose and stretched, worked out a crick in my neck, and got directions to the Oriental Studies department.
The sun was crawling toward evening as I crossed campus. Students were lying in the sun like lizards. The boys had hair that was too damn long and the girls had skirts that were too damn short, and I knew once again that I was getting too damn old.
A dark-haired woman with Jap features sat behind a desk in the Oriental building and I froze, half expecting her to turn into a snake. No, her hair was shorter then Yoshie's, she had a bit more flesh on her face. “Can I help you, sir?” she asked, without a trace of an accent.
“Maybe you can, ma'am,” I said. “I'm looking for someone who can talk about some Chinese and Japanese myths. Is there a professor around?”
“I'm afraid they've all gone home, sir,” she replied. “But I might be able to help out.” I took a look at the book she had open. Japanese characters? Chinese characters? At least she could speak the language.
“Jake Conrad, Miss . . . ?”
“Heidi Mori, Mister Conrad.” She stood and extended her hand. She was pretty tall for a Jap.
“That's an interesting name,” I said.
“My mother loved the book,” she replied. I must have looked confused. “The book Heidi, Mister Conrad. About the Swiss girl?”
Her hand was still waiting for me, so I shook her hand. “Of course. Makes sense. Well, I appreciate any help you can give, Miss. I'm trying to find out a bit about some dragons.” She arched an eyebrow. “A Japanese dragon and a Chinese dragon.”
“Bring a chair over, Mister Conrad,” she said. As I hefted a heavy wood chair, wincing at the pain in my legs, she continued. “There are a lot of dragons in both mythologies. You'll need to give me a bit more information.”
I sat. “Well, one may be named Hwang Ho. The other might be called Yoshie.”
“Hwang Ho? That's not a dragon, Mister Conrad, that's the Chinese name for the Yellow River. And Yoshie is a pretty common Japanese name. It means beautiful river.” She picked up a pencil.
“Does the Yellow River have a dragon in it? I mean, in myth?” I felt like an idiot talking myths when the realities were running around San Francisco.
“Certainly. Legends place dragons in the river, and they are supposed to control the rains and the floods.” She put the end of the pencil in her mouth thoughtfully.
“OK. Do Japanese dragons hang around in rivers?”
“Some do. They are believed to controls the tides and the sea, for example. Like a Mizuchi, a river dragon. You should always propitiate to Mizuchi before you try to control a river.” She had a professorial tone as she warmed to the subject.
“Are the dragons male or female?”
“That's a funny question,” she said with a tilt of her head. “They can be both. People personify rivers. We do it. Old Man River, the Mississippi.”
“We?”
“We Americans, Mister Conrad. You and me,” she said deliberately. “You know, we Americans.” She had flushed slightly, and I knew I had stepped on a conversational land mine and blown my foot off. She must have been in her early twenties, which meant she'd spent her high school years in an internment camp.
“Sorry, I didn't mean anything . . . .” I stumbled. “Which camp?” I asked. Dancing in the minefield.
She bit down hard on the pencil in her mouth. “Excuse me?” she asked sharply, dropping the pencil with a clatter on the table.
“Which camp were you in?” I was thinking about Walker herding people into trucks.
Her face was tight with controlled rage. “Why the hell is that any of your business, mister? I think it's time for you to go.”
“No, wait,” I stammered. “It's not any of my business. But I'm doing some work on another matter that relates . . . .”
She cut me off. “That relates? Relates to what? Who the hell are you?”
I pulled out my card. “Jake Conrad. Private Investigator. I'm working on a case.”
That shut her up for a minute. She picked the pencil back up. “A case about dragons and internment camps?”
“Sort of. Forget about the internment. Let's go back to dragons.”
“Fine,” she said guardedly. “Dragons. What else do you want to know?”
I sat back in my chair. In for a penny . . . . “Well, I guess my most important question is how do I kill one?”


Chapter Eleven - Paradise
We spoke for nearly an hour after that, and she regaled me with stories of dragons. About dragon bones and Chinese medicine. How Zhou Chu killed a water dragon, cutting its head off. Tales of water dragons and treasure-hiding dragons and thunder dragons. How the Jap carriers at the bottom of the Pacific were named for dragons. We talked about the Yellow River, the great flood of 1938, and the greater flood of 1931. I lost control when I lost the pearl, the dragon had told me. So how did that explain the flood of 1931, when he had the pearl?
She gave me a hundred bits of information that never coalesced into an answer. “How do you kill a dragon, Mister Conrad? You generally don't. You outwit them. Intelligence, not brute force. Sorry I can't be more helpful on that front.”
“Well, I appreciate the lesson, Miss Mori,” I said, rising. An hour still in the chair had stiffened my injured legs. “Do you mind if I call you with other questions later?”
She shrugged. “Sure. Beats reading books all day. So, do you really have a dragon to kill?” She asked as she wrote her number on a slip of paper and passed it over to me.
I put on my hat. “Two, actually. Thanks for your time.” She looked at me with a bemused smile and I got the hell out before I screwed up again.
It was late, later then I wanted it to be. I'd left Evelyn alone all day. I needed to be away from her, wanted to be close to her. So I drove back to the hotel. 
In the lobby, I pulled the concierge aside. “Has Mrs. Jackson had any visitors today?”
“One, sir, a hairdresser,” he said. “She's called up for breakfast and lunch, some books and magazines, clothes, and a record player and some forty-fives.” He had the smile of a man who'd been tipped well for running errands all day
“Pistols? You sent her up a pistol?”
“No, Mister Jackson, no, records. Forty-five records. You know, singles?”
“Right. Thanks.” You're getting old, Jake, came the unwelcome thought.
I knocked three times, then opened the door. “It's me,” I said, before I stepped in. She was sitting on one of the chairs, holding that little Beretta Jetfire. She was dressed in a pair of loose jeans and a white blouse, not tucked in. Her feet were bare, her hair was blond and shorter, and she looked too much like Clio. When she saw me, she lowered the pistol. The ashtray on the table was full of burnt stubs, and the quarter bottle of bourbon I'd left was now another dead soldier, a full bottle sitting next to it.
“Where the hell have you been?” she snapped. I scanned the room before replying. There was a brand new record player on the table, playing some bluesy version of It's Only a Paper Moon.
“Research,” I said, sitting down heavily in the other armchair. I avoided looking at her, at the risen ghost of the Muse of History sitting in the other chair. “What's the record?”
“Miles Davis,” she said. “You like jazz, Jake?” Her voice wasn't the same at Clio's, higher pitched, more girlish.
I shook my head. “Not much time for music, Evelyn. Everything quiet?”
She sat up, tucked her legs underneath her. “Yes. Quiet. Really quiet. So goddamn quiet I'm going nuts, Jake. But what do you think of my hair?”
I had to look at her with that. It looked good on her, not just because of the spirit of Clio, it really did look good. “You look great. It works on you.”
“It had better,” she replied. “It was pretty damn expensive.”
“You pay for discretion, Evelyn, you'd better learn that quick. A little extra cash here or there and maybe when people come asking about you nobody will open their trap. Too much, though, and they'll keep talking about you.”
“I'll be careful, Jake. So, what happens next?”
“Next, I get myself a drink, and we order some dinner.” I took off my hat and threw it on the table.
Evelyn rose and got a glass. “I'll get it, you look tired,” she said. She poured me several fingers of bourbon and tossed in some ice. When she bent over to hand me the glass I could smell the booze on her breath. She was a few drinks ahead of me. “Can't we go out for dinner?” she asked plaintively when she settled back on her chair.
“I thought you were going to be careful,” I said. “No way. One of things I was looking up was your husband. Powerful guy. Lots of friends. He's probably got the police looking for you already. I'm going to talk to some friends tomorrow, get you a passport, get you out of the country. You like Europe? Cuba?” I realized I had finished off the drink. Evelyn got up again and poured me another one. I could get used to this. The trumpet's moan slowed and stopped, and she changed the record.
Even I recognized Frankie Laine. The kid had a good voice. If ever the devil was born without a pair of horns, he sang. Jezebel, that was the song. Evelyn did have a sense of humor, or at least irony.
“Europe,” she said. She poured herself a drink and perched on the arm of my chair. She smelled good, perfume and smoke and booze. If ever a pair of eyes promised paradise, deceiving me, grieving me, leaving me blue . . . .
“All right. I'll call in some favors tomorrow, get you the paperwork, new passport, new name. I'll hit the pawn shops, dump the rings. We'll settle up, and you'll be on a plane by nightfall. Sound good?”
“Sounds good, Jake,” she said. She put her drink on the table and let herself fall into my lap. Pain shot through me as she landed on the stitches. “You never came to bed last night, Jake. Why?”
I looked down at her face, the line of freckles over her nose, the dark eyes looking back at me without blinking, the short blond hair. “I don't sleep with clients, Evelyn.” What evil star is mine that my fate's design should be Jezebel?
“I won't be your client after tomorrow, Jake,” she said. She grabbed my tie and pulled me down to her, and I didn't resist. She kissed me softly and I kissed her back. “I want to thank you with more then money, Jake. You've freed me. Let me be free,” she whispered, and Frankie finished the song in a pained voice, if ever the Devil's plan was made to torment man, it was you, night and day, every day, Jezebel . . . .
“Let's get some dinner,” I said quietly. “And you need to get out of my lap.” Her eyes flared. “Not that,” I said quickly. “Got my legs sliced up earlier today, and they hurt like hell.”
She slid out of my lap gracefully. “What did you do, Jake? What happened?”
 “Order some food and I'll tell you,” I said, standing slowly. She ordered in some Chinese food and a bottle of wine and put some Negro jazz back on the record player while I went into the bathroom and checked my stitches. Some blood was oozing out, but the stitches were intact. I washed them again, put my pants back on. When I went back into the sitting room she was curled up in the armchair, glass in one hand, cigarette in the other. I lit my own and puffed it quickly. “I'm working two cases right now, Evelyn, yours and another client's. That one went badly today. I had to jump out a window. Got some pretty nasty cuts.”
“You poor man,” she said. “Let me see them.” I hesitated, and she made it an order. “Drop your pants, Jake.” What else could I do? I stood in front of the chair and dropped my pants. She ran her fingers over the stitches, making sympathetic noises. “The stitching looks good. You'll be fine.”
“Thanks for your expert opinion, doctor,” I said with a grin. I pulled my pants back up and sat across from her.
“What's your other case, Jake?” she asked.
“You wouldn't believe me if I told you,” I said, shaking my head.
“Try me,” she said, leaning forward and blowing smoke from her nose.
So I told her. Told her about the Chinese dragon and his pearl, the Jap dragon. And she listened, never showing that she thought I had gone crazy. I don't know why I told her. I guess I just wanted to share it all, share this strange world I'd found myself in ever since the day Clio disappeared. Maybe because she looked so much like Clio, and I used to tell Clio about my cases for the spark of inspiration I never knew she was giving me. I described the old man's teeth, and his way with fish, and the scales climbing up over the breasts of Yoshie, and Evelyn shivered. A knock at the door brought us both back to reality. Chinese delivery, a bottle of red wine, and we ate in silence while Miles Davis blasted his trumpet like Gabriel ending the world. When the bottle was empty and the click of chopsticks had ended she took me by the hand and pulled me into the bedroom. She undressed me first, stooping to kiss my cut legs, then slowly undressed herself, showing me everything, freeing herself from Colonel Walker, freeing herself from a loveless marriage.
We made love several times, until the sheets were on the floor and streaks of blood from my stitches crisscrossed the bed. Then we lay together, she was tucked into my arms and the smoke from our cigarettes mingled as it rose toward the slowly turning ceiling fan. I was beginning to doze off, falling into that long deep sleep of contentment, when she whispered into my ear, “Who's Clio, Jake?”
I started awake. “What?” In the semidarkness, the room lit only by the moon outside the window and the lights of the city, she might be Clio. The hair, the freckles, the upturned nose and heart-shaped face.
“You called me Clio, Jake. A couple of times.” She snuggled closer. “You called my name, too, so that's OK.”
“Sorry, Evelyn,” I sighed. “Just an old friend.”
“Tell me, Jake. Don't you owe me that much?” The end of her cigarette flared, throwing shadows over her face. And half-awake, half-drunk, and all-stupid, I told her. She hadn't laughed about the dragons. I told her about Greece, and finding Clio's scroll. About calling her accidentally, about Clio becoming my secretary, about her disappearance. I told her about Erato, and I think the lust in my voice still made her a bit angry. About the train to Los Angeles, about Urania. And I told her about that night on the hillside over L.A., about Clio's grave, and the Furies, and putting a bullet into the skull of the Muse of Astronomy. And about Erato dying in my arms. We were half-way to dawn when I finished, and she kissed me again. “You poor, foolish man,” she whispered, and I dropped off to sleep.


Chapter Twelve – The Lady in the Lake
I woke up in bright sunlight and a cold breeze, both pouring through an open window. The curtains were flapping like a dying bird's wings, all motion, no movement. My head was pounding, my mouth tasted like grave dirt, and my legs were on fire. Last night's activities had loosened the stitching on my legs, and dark blood was oozing like cold molasses from the deep cuts. I swung my legs out of bed and stood in one violent motion. The world spun and settled and I knew I was going to live.
Sometime during the night a cold front must have come over the city, turning the summer to autumn, cold dry air from the north. I shut the window and made my way to the bathroom to rinse my mouth out. Several glasses of water later I could bear to light a cigarette and look myself in the mirror. It didn't look good. I needed a shave, of course. My eyes had dark circles, almost bruises, beneath them. My breath was best avoided all together. There was a bottle of bourbon on the vanity, so I took a gulp. Then the hard part.
I sat down on the toilet, took hold of the loosened end of one of my stitches, and pulled. The skin closed like a chaste kiss, and I tied it off while grinding my teeth to avoid whimpering. I repeated the ordeal on the other leg, then another shot of bourbon. I stumbled out of the bathroom and spent a minute searching for my boxer shorts. I pulled them on gingerly and stepped out into the sitting room.
Evelyn was gone.
The record player was hissing, the needle rotating futilely in the inner groove of a 45 single. I turned off the player, looked at the record. Detour, by Patti Page. I set the needle at the beginning of the record, and Ms. Page started to sing, Detour, there's a muddy road ahead . . . .
“Evelyn?” I asked quietly, as if she was hiding somewhere in the sitting room. I picked up the phone and called down to the front desk. “Did Mrs. Jackson leave the hotel?”
An unctuous voice told me that she had left at dawn, and there was a note for me at the desk, and that the voice certainly hoped everything was all right between Mrs. Jackson and Mister Jackson and I hung up. I got dressed, a second day in this suit, and strapped on my shoulder holster. Feeling grimy in body and soul I went down to the desk, leaving Patti Page mourning that she hadn't read the detour sign.
In the lobby, I lit a cigarette and opened the letter from Evelyn. Dear Jake, I think I've figured out how to get out of this. Take the first right off Seaport Boulevard in Redwood City. She had even kissed the paper, leaving a set of lipstick imprints, something I'd never seen outside of a movie, a small fake gesture that worried me. I folded the paper, sick to my stomach, and headed for my car. Whatever Evelyn thought she was doing, whatever she thought she knew, it was going to end badly.
I headed south on 101, along the Bay, the windows down, the chilly air slapping my face reproachfully. I'd let her out of my sight, Evelyn was going to be another woman I'd failed, like Clio, Erato, and Urania. Never sleep with a client, Jake, I could hear a voice in my head saying wearily. It never ends well. Haven't you learned this yet?
The first left off Seaport Boulevard was an unnamed road that ended at a gate. A sign on the gate read Walker Salt and Chemical – Trespassers Will Be Prosecuted. It was close to the Bay and Westport Slough. The air was heavy with the smell of the ocean, rot and salt. Evelyn's red Jaguar XK120 was parked next to the gate, which was slightly ajar. I parked next to her car and got out. Seagulls wheeled overhead, a raucous chorus laughing at a joke I wasn't getting. The last few days had dulled my senses, too much drink and dragons and Evelyn Walker. Nothing felt right. I pushed through the gate and started to walk up the road. On either side of me rose berms of dirt. The road was unpaved, a mix of salt and sand that kicked up in fine white clouds as I walked. The cuffs of my trousers turned white. The wind blew in fierce from the north, and I wished I had my overcoat. I wished I had a drink. All I could do was stop, cup my hand over a match, and light a cigarette.
She was wearing red. Of course she was. A red coat, heavy, and tied tight around her waist against the cold, with a fringe of fox fur around her neck and wrists, her armor against the world. She was standing on a berm at the end of the road, and the wind blew clouds of salt around her as she looked out to the Bay. “Evelyn!” I called over the wind, which tugged at her dress like a breath on a candle flame. She glanced back at me and waved me up. I climbed the berm, wincing with each step as the cuts in my legs protested. “What the hell are you doing, Evelyn?” I demanded when I got to the top, six feet away from her. “This is the Colonel's home ground! He's got to have people patrolling out here.” The far side of the berm ran down to a brine pond, deep and dark red, the color of old blood. Salt water went in, the sun burned it off, algae grew in bursts of color and died, and after a few months the Colonel's people would dig out the salt. The smell of the salt was overpowering, stronger then the sea.
“He doesn't today, Jake,” she said softly, and I had to strain to hear her. “He doesn't want any witnesses.” She turned. She was holding the Jetfire in her left hand, pointing it at my chest. “You're such a fool. Put your hands up.” Her face was as cold as the wind, her hands steady. Her dark eyes didn't waver. I may not be able to read women well, but I got this message loud and clear, and I put my hands over my head.
“What's going on, Evelyn?” I asked, though I thought I already know.
“He thought you had potential, Jake,” she said. “He thought you could be the dragon slayer. He knew you'd killed three Muses and he thought you would be the weapon in his hand. He was so certain of it.”
“What? Who, Evelyn? Walker? Why would Walker want me to kill a dragon?” I was talking for my life now. Every second I kept her talking was a second I kept breathing, and even up here where the air was full of salt and sand I wanted to keep breathing.
“He was wrong, Jake. You're nothing. You're just an unlucky drunk who was in the right place once and the wrong place once. You lost two muses and put the third one down as a mercy. You're pathetic.” She was convincing herself to pull the trigger. I'd seen it before, people talking themselves into committing murder.
Despite it all, I was mad. “Why the hell does everyone know everything about my life?” I shouted. “Walker, you, the dragon, the mob?”
“You told me the truth, Jake,” she said. “Last night. He told me to do whatever I had to do to find out the truth.”
“You sure did that,” I spat angrily. “Was it good for you, honey? Did the earth move?” Calm down, Jake, before she ventilates you. “Anyway, what the hell do you get out of it? I thought you hated the bastard?”
“Oh, I do,” she said fiercely. “But you've seen him, he's not going to be around long. And then everything is mine. The money, the mansions, the company, all of it. If getting that means he gets to paw me and I have to spread my legs to get your story, well, then I'll pay that price gladly.”
“So what next? You shoot me, dump me here, and in a few months they grind me up and what's left of me get sprinkled on someone's omelet? How do the dragons fit into it all, Evelyn? Tell me that at least! Why do I have to die?” The wind had picked up again, blowing salt and silt. Her coat fluttered in the breeze. She'd positioned herself wrong; the wind was at my back, blowing in her face. My advantage, my only advantage.
“You know about the dragon. You know too much.” I started to laugh, and her finger relaxed slightly as confusion and anger spread across her face. “What's so fucking funny?”
“You're right about one thing, Evelyn. I'm an idiot. I don't know anything.” And I was probably going to die either way. “Tell me what I'm supposed to know.”
“Walker's known the old Chinaman for years, since before I knew him. He owes him something. He won't tell me, but after I kill you, maybe he will.” Her finger started to tighten on the Jetfire, and those things had light pulls. “The dragon came to him for help. The dragon asked about you, so Walker tested you first, sent you after me. Then he sent me after you, to find out what you really knew. He hoped you would kill the dragon.”
“Which dragon?”
She blinked. “What?”
I smiled. “There are two dragons, Evelyn. Which one does Walker want dead? The Jap or the Chinaman?”
She screwed her courage to the sticking point, and she planted her feet for the recoil. “Stop it, it doesn't matter, because you're useless to him, you're no dragon slayer, you're not a god slayer, you're just a fool who can be controlled with a flash of skin and a kiss and you know too much!”
“Maybe you're right,” I started to say, but the wind suddenly gusted off the Bay, tossing a load of salt dust into her face. She grimaced, closed her eyes to cough and I charged her.
It was a clean tackle, my arms around her waist and in that lover's embrace we tumbled down the side of the berm, crashing into the salt pond below. Cold brine closed over me, stung my eyes and nostrils and set the cuts on my legs on fire. She was struggling and clipped me on the head with the Jetfire, a solid smash to the temple. Reflexively, I let go as I inhaled salt water. 
I forced my eyes open and looked into the brine, trying to figure out up from down. She was below me, sinking fast, dragged down by her heavy coat and the fox fur around her neck, all sodden with water. I kicked down toward her and she reached her hand out toward me. I tried to grab her, to save her. I could see that she was still holding the pistol, her finger was convulsing on the trigger, trying to fire. My hand closed over the cold barrel of the Jetfire and she let go of it, falling away, her red coat disappearing into the red water below.
My lady of the lake sank out of sight. I kept a death grip on the Jetfire and swam toward the surface of the pond and daylight.


Chapter Thirteen – The Underworld
I made it home, back to my apartment, though I don't remember how. My suit, my hair, my eyebrows were encrusted with salt which flaked away in a snowy trail as I limped up the stairs. There was someone in the shower already, one person waiting. He got a glimpse of me, white with salt and with the Jetfire in my right hand, and decided his shower could wait. When I finally got in, I showered for an hour in cold water, sluicing off the salt. My stomach churned and I threw up salt water and blood, watched the red mess swirl down into darkness. Naked but for my boxers, I stumbled back to my apartment, bolted and chained the door, and threw up again. I spent the next three days in a haze of booze and fever, sick as a dog from whatever bugs I'd swallowed in that salt pond. Twenty pounds lighter, dehydrated, and defeated, I finally woke up without a headache, without nausea, in the middle of the night, the room lit with heartbeat regularity by the neon sign outside, red flashes cutting the dark.
I was out of cigarettes, out of bourbon, cruelly forced into cold sobriety. With shaking hands I opened the icebox and found some not-too-gray meat to put on some slightly moldy bread. I managed to choke it down with tepid tap water and waited by the sink for half an hour to make sure it would stay down. Then I turned on the light in the kitchen, sat down at the table, and looked at the Jetfire pistol there. Salt crystals were in every crack and crevice. Rust would set in quickly.
She'd given me the pistol. My own had fallen from the holster, was rusting at the bottom of the salt pond with Evelyn. I started to break down the Jetfire, reducing it to a set of parts, slide and barrel and magazine, frame and trigger and hammer. From my closet I retrieved my cleaning supplies, brushes and cloth and oil. I emptied the .25 cartridges from the magazine one at the time, letting them clatter like bones onto the table. I wasn't going to risk a misfire from ammo that had been submerged. I swept the bullets into the trash. From the barrel I removed the chambered round, the one that Evelyn would have put in my chest.
I kept that one.
I washed and dried the magazine, set it aside. I took the bore snake and drove it down the barrel repeatedly, mechanically, until it felt clean, until I felt clean. Salt crystals littered the table. I oiled the barrel, ran the oiled cloth along its flanks slowly. I paid close attention to the slide, making sure that every bit of it was clean of salt, then more oil, until it moved as smoothly as Evelyn's thighs. I set it next to the barrel.
The hammer was easy, cloth and oil. The trigger the same, simple acts and it was clean. The frame took some work, salt had settled into the grip, but enough elbow grease and it soon shone. Then piece by piece I put the Jetfire back together. I mated the slide and the barrel and they moved smoothly against each other on a light layer of oil. The Jetfire glistened with oil, dewy, and I remembered the sweat cooling between Evelyn's breasts.
I wiped down the one .25 cartridge I'd saved, inspected it for damage. Nothing. I gave it a light coat of oil. I fumbled around the apartment until I found a box of .25s from years ago and loaded the magazine, thumbing the rounds firmly into place. I loaded Evelyn's bullet last – the bullet with my name one it – and chambered it with a satisfying motion. Then I sat in my kitchen, holding the Jetfire in my right hand at half-cock, and tried to decide if I should finish what Evelyn had started. Not today. I still had a case to work on.
I stank, three days of sweat and salt. I was going to finish this, but not the way Evelyn wanted to. I got up, fought a bout of dizziness, put the Jetfire on the top of the icebox, and went to the shower. This time of night there was no line and plenty of hot water. A rare luxury. I had filled the bathroom with steam and was soaping up when someone knocked. “Yeah, yeah,” I yelled back. “Give me a minute.”
The door crashed open with a bang. A cop in blue with there, leveling his .38 at my face, screaming “hand in the air, hands in the air right now!” He didn't give me a chance to comply, swinging the .38 barrel at my face, smashing my jaw. Weak already, I went down in the hot shower. Blood was pouring from my lip, down the drain. There was another cop in there now and he dragged me out of the shower with brute strength. I hit the cold tile floor and the second cop gave me a nice kick in the stomach while the first one started trying to cuff me. That brought up the sandwich. Helpless, I curled up in a ball to protect my stomach, hands over my head to protect my skull until the first cop pulled my hands back and got them locked together.
“On your feet, asshole,” one of the cops yelled. When I didn't move – couldn't move – he dragged me to my feet with the cuffs, wrenching my shoulders and nearly snapping my elbows. He hauled me, naked, out into the hallway.
A young detective was there, a .45 hand-cannon at the ready, his brown suit stained with sweat. “On your knees!” he commanded in a voice that crackled with excitement. No problem there. I fell, cracking my knees on the dirty carpet. “Jacob Conrad, you are under arrest for the murder of Evelyn Walker. You don't have to say anything, you can get a lawyer, do you understand that?”
“I was a cop,” I croaked, “you little shit, I know the routine.”
“Well, now you're a fuckin' murderer,” said one of the cops behind me as he kicked me in the back. I went down face first on the carpet.
“Get him some goddamn pants,” the detective said with disgust in his voice.
“The key's in the bathroom,” I tried to said, but I heard a boot smashing in my door. “Goddamn!” I moaned.
“Shut the fuck up!” the first cop said as he gave me another kick.
“That's enough, Bannon, he's not going anywhere,” the detective said. “Well, except to the gas chamber at San Quentin.” They both laughed.
“Hey, asshole, pants,” the second cop said, coming out of my ruined door. He threw them on the floor in front of me. At least it was a clean pair.
“You going to uncuff me?” I asked.
They all laughed now. “Get 'em on, buddy,” the detective said. They broke out cigarettes and watched the show as I struggled into the pants best I could. The smell of tobacco nearly drove me mad, woke a hunger in my belly. Finally, the pants halfway on, the detective got tired of it. “Help him up.” The first cop – Bannon, I'd remember that – hauled me to my feet so the second cop could fasten the button. Doors had opened in the hallway by now and my neighbors all got a good eyeful as they dragged me down the dirty carpet toward the elevators.
At the elevator, the detective ordered the second cop, Hanharan, to secure my apartment. “Don't let anyone in,” he said.
“That'd be easier if you hadn't broken down the fucking door,” I snarled. The detective rolled his eyes, nodded at Hanharan, who gave me a solid punch in the stomach. I decided to shut up before I took another hit.
Bannon smashed my head on the door of the sedan as he shoved me in, opening up skin and sending a trickle of blood down my cheek. Lying in the back of the car as they lit up another cigarette, I watched the streetlights flash by, a constant strobing of lights punctuated by the occasional stoplight in red and green, all blending together in a streak of flashing lights until I passed out.
When I finally came to, I was on the floor in a holding cell. The cuffs were gone. I recognized it, I had put my fair share of people into it, the darkest subbasement level of the Hall of Justice on Kearney Street. The guy in the next cell was banging his head slowly against the bars, muttering to himself, “I'll be a good boy now, I'll be a good boy now.”
I got to my knees and crawled to the cot. The roaches scuttled away as I sat down and put my head in my hands. The good boy next door moaned and started to bash his head against the bars harder, a smacking noise of a bat against the ball, a home run sound. I wondered what time it was. I was craving, carving a cigarette, a drink, food, Clio, Evelyn, Erato, freedom and a return to some quiet life before dragons and Muses. Experimentally, I tried to stand. Both legs held, but everything ached. They'd given me a good working over. I counted my teeth; all there, but some loose. My lip was swollen badly, a scab was crusting over on my scalp. I was a mess.
“I'll be a good boy now!” the guy next door howled. He smashed his head harder, blood started to spot the floor.
“Shut the fuck up!” came a voice from the left. A chorus of other voices all shouting at each other. Then the lights went out.
“All of you shut the fuck up!” bellowed an authoritative voice. The lights flashed back on and I heard the sound of a nightstick being dragged down a line of bars. I'd loved that sound once. It was a sound of power, totemic, the roll of drums on the march, the tramp of an army. My sound, when I was a cop. A massively fat man in blue came down the line of cells, taking great care to smack each bar as he passed, a private symphony played on our captive misery.
“Evening, Sarge,” I said as he passed.
“Holy Jesus,” he said, stopping short. “Detective Conrad?” Sergeant O'Neill had worked the holding cells since, well, forever. They probably found him down here when they dug out the subbasement. 
“What the fuck are you doing in there, lad?”
“They're calling it murder, Sarge.” I staggered over to the bars. “You got a cigarette?”
“Sure, lad, sure.” He found a pack in a back pocket, lit one, and passed it to me through the bars.
“You're a lifesaver, Sarge,” I said through the smoke.
“Who worked you over, lad?” He genuinely looked concerned, and I was touched.
“Two patrolmen, Hanharan and Bannon, and some shit detective that looked young enough that his mommy's still wiping him.”
“Aye, I'll have a talk with them, lad. See what I can do about getting you a better cell. We got to look after our own.”
“Thanks, Sarge.” I went back over to the cot to nurse the cigarette.
“Did you do it, lad?” O'Neill asked from beyond the bars.
I shook my head. “I didn't murder her, Sarge, but I did kill her. But she was going to kill me first.”
He grinned. “Ain't that the way it always is with women, sir? You sit tight and I'll help you out, detective.” O'Neill moved down, clacking his nightstick against the bars, and giving the guy in the next cell a rap on the hands. “Keep it down in there, boy.”
“I'll be a good boy,” he whispered, and I lay down on the cot and fell asleep.
I woke to the rattling of keys. The child detective and O'Neill were there. “On your feet, Conrad,” the detective said as O'Neill found the right key. The lock protested but gave, and the cell swung open. “Cuff him, Sergeant.” O'Neill gave me an apologetic look. I put my hands out in front of me and he started to put on the cuffs. “Hands behind your back, asshole,” the detective said with a bored voice.
Very deliberately, O'Neill cuffed my hands in front. “Detective Conrad is one of ours, sir,” he said to the detective in a low voice. “He gets cuffed in front.”
Wiser then he looked, the detective didn't argue the point. “Get moving, Conrad,” he said. “Interrogation time. Left, then up.”
“I know the way better than you,” I said, and I started to limp down the line of cells. He fell in behind me. “What's your name, detective?”
“What's it to you?”
“You establish a rapport with the prisoner, detective, if you expect to get any information out of him. What are they teaching you kids these days?” I shook my head in mock dismay.
“Pearse. But drop the whole act, Conrad. You might have been a cop once, but that was a long time ago, and it ended for sure when you dumped her in the lake.” There was some real anger in his voice now. He took this personally.
“You're still doing it wrong,” I said. “Don't tell me anything. You have to give me a chance to lie first. What lake, detective?”
“Shut up, asshole. I know my job.” He was getting madder. We passed interview room one.
“Guess I know why the crime rate's been going up, then,” I said.
He grabbed my shoulder and slammed me into the wall next to the door to interview room three. “You're a real fucking joker, aren't you!” His breath smelled like peppermint. Probably hiding a drinking problem. Christ, what a weakling. I didn't start on my drinking problem until I'd been on the force a few years.
The door to interview room three opened. “Stand down, Pearse,” said a gravelly voice. Phil Beatty loomed over the kid. Phil had dressed quickly, shaved quicker. Dots of blood spotted his off-white collar from where he'd nicked himself.
“Are you here to assist, sir?” Pearse asked in cautious voice.
“I'm taking over, kid. Go rescue a cat from a tree or something,” Beatty said dismissively.
“This is my collar, detective,” Pearse protested, but the whine in his voice told me he had already lost and he knew it.
“You can have the collar, kid, but Jake'll run rings around you in an interview and you'll blow the case, because you're a snot-nosed bastard who thinks he knows everything because he's got a fucking little college degree on the wall. Now blow, Pearse, before I uncuff Jake and let him beat the crap out of you.” Pearse reddened, spun on his heel, and nearly ran away.
“Jesus, what a little shit,” Beatty said, loud enough that Pearse and every other cop in fifty feet must have heard him. “Fuckin' college kids, think they know something about being a cop. Jake, you look like hell. Step into my office.” He motioned me into interview three.
One chair, bolted to the floor. One table, bolted. Two chairs on the other side, not bolted. My instincts told me to sit on the near side of the table, where the police sat, but I walked around the table and sat down in the bolted chair. I held up my hands so Beatty could uncuff me. He removed the cuffs, and I put my hands on the arms of the chair, so he could recuff me there. “Don't be an asshole, Jake,” he said. He tossed the cuffs on the table, then sat down across the table from me. While I rubbed my wrists, he pulled out a cigarette and rolled it across the table, then slid a silver lighter over to me. The lighter had twenty-one notches carved on the side. Seventeen Japs from the war, four perps in San Fran. “You hungry? Need some coffee? Something stronger?”
“Cut the crap, Phil,” I said, sliding the lighter back to him after I used it. “Don't play good cop with me. Put your cards down on the table.” I inhaled deeply and savored the smoke.
“Take the stick out of your ass, Jake,” he sighed. “I'm getting some coffee and a couple of donuts. You wait there.” He left the room, left it unlocked, and I sat there. It wasn't like I could escape from here. A minute later he was back, two cups of coffee, four donuts balanced between them. “Black, sugar, right?”
I nodded. “Thanks, Phil. Sorry. I've had a bad day.” As I took a bite of the donut I silently cursed myself. It was working. I liked the corrupt son-of-a-bitch better already. I positively loved him when he pulled a flask out and poured a shot of whiskey into each cup of coffee.
We sat in silence, drinking the spiked coffee and eating donuts, and for a few seconds it almost felt like being back on the job, sitting with your partner at the start of a shift, preparing yourself to take on the whole goddamn world. Then he went ahead and ruined it all. Phil took an evidence envelope from his coat and dumped it on the table. Evelyn's emerald bracelet, the rings, her wedding ring. “Found all of that in your apartment, Jake. You're fucked, my friend.”
“You think I don't know that already? But it was self-defense, Phil.” I smiled wanly. I was fucked.
“Yeah, usually in self-defense the killer doesn't rob the victim, Jake, you know that.” He shook his head. “Hell, I was wrong; Pearse and any wet-eared State's attorney could get you the gas chamber even if your Mother was on the jury.”
“I get it, Phil. You've made your point. I'm screwed, the big mean cop has me by the balls. So what do you want?”
Beatty stood. “You have a visitor, Jake. On your feet.” I held out my hands for the cuffs. “Come on, asshole,” he muttered. He almost looked embarrassed.
We went out of interview three like partners, not like cop and prisoner. “Where are we going?” I asked.
“Morgue.”
I'd prefer another kick in the balls. “To identify the body?”
He shrugged, and in silence we went down to the place of the dead, through a maze of ill-lit hallways. “You should lead me past the kennels,” I said, the booze and the sugar going to my head.
“Why the fuck would I do that?”
“So I can put Cerberus to sleep with my beautiful song,” I said.
“They must have really rattled your skull, buddy,” he replied, but I grinned like a maniac. One of my favorite old games, confuse the hell out of Phil with a reference he wouldn't get.
“I sort of have to do that, Phil, before I can rescue her.”
“Going for the insanity plea, eh?” He stopped at the double doors to the morgue. “Listen, Jake, you want to get out of this. You'd better do what you're told in there. You got it, buddy?” I nodded, solemnly. He pushed open the doors, and cold air flowed around us both.
Evelyn was laid out on a table in the middle of the room. The coroner hadn't started his work yet, so her flesh was uncut, her organs all still at home in her beautiful chest. She was white, covered with a frost of salt, appropriately ghostly. I walked over to the table and touched her hair. It felt fake, like straw, the salt stiffening it. It was fake. Evelyn had auburn hair, not blond.
“She was a real looker, Jake. Better then you can usually do,” Phil said from behind me. “So why'd you do it?”
“I didn't, Phil,” I said. “She pulled a gun on me. I was trying to defend myself.” I leaned in close. “Sorry, Eurydice,” I whispered to her corpse. “I don't think either of us is getting out of Hades any time soon.” I planted a light kiss on her lips, tasting the salt.
“Jesus Christ, Jake, don't be so creepy, you gonna fuck her too?” Phil said. He shook his head with weary familiarity. “What'd you say to her, anyway?”
“You should have sprung for one of those college degrees, Phil,” I said. “Orpheus and Eurydice and Cerberus the dog. A journey to hell and back again.”
There was a squeal of rubber on tile and Colonel Walker, sitting in a wheelchair, rolled around the corner, between the cold lockers that held the corpses of men. There was a big mook pushing him, wearing a sawed-off shotgun in a shoulder holster, the way most men wore a pistol. There was an iron tank of oxygen attached to the chair, and Walker took a deep breath from it before speaking. “More of Lot's wife than Eurydice now, wouldn't you say, Mister Conrad?”
I wanted to charge him, I wanted to boil over in rage, but there was nothing inside of me to build on, no anger. “What the fuck, Phil?” I said weakly.
“Colonel Walker wanted to talk to you, Jake,” Phil said, heading for the double doors. “Let me know when you boys are done in here. Don't make a mess.” The doors swung shut behind him, trapping in the cold air and the spirits of the dead and living alike.


Chapter Fourteen – Among the Dead
“Sit down before you fall down, Conrad,” growled the mook. His voice was full of gravel. I had to admit, it seemed like a good idea. I dragged a metal-footed chair across the tile floor with a long screech, and set it near Evelyn's head.
“What do you want, Walker?” I asked wearily. I wasn't up for this sort of game, for the elemental confrontation with the bad guy. I was too tired for that. You needed to be ready for this sort of thing, brain alight with witty fire. Not today.
Walker took a deep breath from his iron lung and exhaled with a feeble cough. “I'd like to make a deal, Conrad. I think I can help you, if you'll help me.”
“And why would I help a murderous little shit like you?” Guess I did have a bit of fire in me.
The mook snorted, placed his hand on the well-worn wood haft of the sawed-off. “They have a hose in here, Mister Walker. I could blow his head off and then clean up real nice.”
“Now, now, Hank,” Walker said, waving a shaking hand. So that was Hank, head of security. No wonder Evelyn had been scared of him. “Mister Conrad is under some stress. I'll allow the occasional outburst.” Another breath from the tank. “You'll help me, Conrad, because if you don't you're going to die. Not at my hand. You'll go to the gas chamber for the murder of my darling and lovely wife, Evelyn. You see, Hank saw the whole thing, didn't you, Hank?”
“Yes sir,” Hank said. “I saw Conrad push her into the salt lake and hold her under until she died, sir. Very sad.”
“An excellent witness, wouldn't you say, Conrad?” Walker rasped. “I understand that you robbed her as well, that the police found her rings in your apartment. And you know full well I can afford to purchase every juror, every judge, every attorney, to make sure your last breath is of hydrogen cyanide gas, provided to the state by Walker Salt and Chemical, of course. So, Conrad, are you ready to listen to the deal that will save your life?”
Any fight I had was gone, because dead, in jail, I wasn't going to accomplish anything. Alive, even under Walker's thumb, I might . . . I might what? Kill the dragon, avenge Evelyn, save myself? “I'm listening,” I whispered, looking down at Evelyn's pale face. My belle dame sans merci, I was supposed to be the one palely loitering at the threshold between life and death, not you. Stupid girl had probably never even read Keats.
“You are a killer of women and gods, Conrad, by fate and by design,” Walker said grandly. “Three muses, Evelyn, how many others? Lachesis has spun out the measure of your life, and it is your destiny to kill. Did you know I am Greek, Conrad?”
“Yeah. Diogenesos. Taken from you at Ellis Island. Guess you didn't care enough to get it back.”
“Names, Conrad, names are malleable, inconstant.” He was wheezing again, and took another hit from his tank. “Walker is shorter, more memorable. People buy Walker Salt, not Diogenesos Salt. But that is not important. I played as a child in the meadows of Mount Parnassus, where the Pythia once told the future. I walked the same ground as the gods of old, Conrad. I knew them, even as a boy, I saw them, shrunken and old, shuffling in the dust. But still gods. I had a door into their world, one of the few mortals that could see them for what they are.” He fixed me with a gimlet stare. “Like you. You see them too, don't you?”
Inwardly, I smiled. He didn't get it. I didn't see dragons and gods and Muses. I just stumbled in to it. But he was still talking. “We are men of destiny, Conrad, blessed to see the world beyond what mundane souls like Hank might see.” The mook stiffened slightly. “How did the Muses look to you, Conrad? Small, weakling things? Dried and empty from lack of worship?”
I did laugh, imagining anyone calling Erato dried up, or Urania small and weakling. Or Clio empty. “They were amazing creatures, Walker, and they sure as hell weren't lacking for worship. And if you're going to call anyone dried and empty, look in a mirror.”
Walker coughed with mild annoyance. “Hank? Teach Mister Conrad some manners.”
“Yes, sir,” Hank said, walking over to me with a killer's smile on his lips. I tried to read him as he swaggered over, a big man who relied on his size to win the fight. And when he punched me, there was a slowness in his power. To be fair, there was also a hell of a lot of power in his punch. But by the time I was on the floor, ears ringing, I knew what I needed to beat him.
“Get up, Conrad,” Walker hissed. Obediently, I got back in my chair. “Now show some respect to your elders.” I stayed quiet. Satisfied, Walker continued. “America's gods were big and brash and beyond control,” he said, “at least the white man's gods. Liberty and Fortune and Capital. I loved them all, but they were too big. I used them, and they used me, but they didn't need me. Some of the redskins' gods still lurked out in the shadows, but they were fading away. None of them could give me what I wanted. I needed a god, Conrad, that needed a favor, that would grant me what I wanted. A powerful god, but in a weak position. You understand? When the opportunity to go to China arose, I jumped at it, old as I am. How old am I, Conrad?”
“Not sure,” I said shortly. “Couldn't find a birthday.”
“I was seventy when I went to China. Already old, starting to fail. Do you see, Conrad? I wasn't going to die, not of old age. I'm still not going to.”
Could’ve fooled me, I wanted to say, but I held my tongue.
“It was on the Yellow River that I met my god, Conrad. A dragon, weak from age, but still with enough strength from worship. We made a deal. I would help him control his rages, channel his strength to the useful and good. And he would make me immortal.” Another gasp of air from the tank, and his voice was full of rage. “Do you understand, Conrad? I am immortal now because of that damn dragon!”
“You don't look it. You look like you're dying,” I replied.
To my surprise, he laughed, bitterly, painfully. “No, Conrad, I'm aging, not dying.” His eyes glared steadily at me, weighing me, and then I got it.
I started to laugh. “Tithonus. You screwed up. You asked for immortality but you forgot to ask for vitality, you stupid old man. You're going to get older and older until you're trapped, insane, in a body ravaged by time. Tennyson would love you. 'Me only cruel immortality consumes, I wither slowly in thine arms,'” I recited, “but you can't even wither there because you got her killed!” I kept talking even as he motioned Hank over to beat me into silence.
Hank towered over me, took his slow powerful swing, and I ducked, rabbit-punched him the balls and as he folded over I snagged the sawed-off from the holster. I flipped it in my hands to grab the barrel and shattered the polished wood stock on the back of Hank's head. He went down like bolt-shot steer onto the tile at Evelyn's feet. I leveled both barrels at Walker and cocked back both hammers. “You think his head broke the gun? You want to find out, Walker?” I kept my voice low.
He took a puff of air. “Nicely done, Conrad. Evelyn was wrong about you, wasn't she? You may be a fool, but you make your own luck. Take pride in that.” He slowly pushed himself to his feet. “Shoot me. Shoot the immortal man in the police station. You can die here, but I won't. Maybe they'll give you the slab next to hers, but I will walk out of here and find someone else to end my quest.” He grinned, stretching the skin on his skull back. “Now that you feel better about yourself, we can finish our talk.”
“So keep talking, Walker,” I snarled. “What do you want me to do?”
“When I realized my mistake, I told the dragon to do it right. He laughed. He said he owed me nothing now. And the hell of it was that he was right. He'd kept his part of the deal. So I needed to get him in my debt again. For that, I found another dragon; they're like fleas over there, crawling in and out of rivers, ponds, cesspools. I told her where he kept his pearl, and she stole it. And then the bitch took it all the way back to Japan. And then the war.” Another long draw from his oxygen tank. “I got my revenge on her, Conrad, I locked her children up in the desert. But it was a petty and meaningless revenge, because I got older and older as young men took their own dear time in winning the war.”
“I'll just go tell Detective Beatty out there that he took too long killing the Japs for your taste, Walker,” I said.
“Shut up and listen,” Walker said. “After the war, Hwang Ho couldn't go to Japan to retrieve his pearl, he was too weak. I certainly was in no shape to. And the agents I sent, Americans, Japanese, all of them, failed, dead. Two of them picked up her trail just before she came to San Francisco, followed her here, and you saw how they ended up, didn't you?” He was speaking faster and faster, pausing every few second to gulp at the air. At my feet, Hank stirred, so I stomped his head back into the tile with a satisfying crack.
“And he followed her here, didn't he?” I asked. “The old man followed the Jap girl. And since he had a friend in San Francisco who wanted a favor from him, he went to you. Your plan finally worked, just a decade and a half late. He offered you your youth if you got the pearl. And you sent him to me.”
“Close, Conrad. You're no fool. I tested you with Evelyn, and you passed. You were competent enough. Though a sucker for a pretty face. Yes, I sent him to you. But not to find the pearl. To hell with the damn pearl now. Hwang Ho offered me death, a release. In return for the pearl. So smug, pretending to be so wise, as if I should be grateful for a lesson learned. No, Conrad, I expected you to fulfill your destiny as a killer of gods. And I still do.” His eyes were full of the fire of hate.
“You want him dead. Revenge? Revenge because you were stupid?” I thought about pulling the trigger, there and then, and spreading Walker across the back wall. My fingers twitched, and he saw it.
“Yes, Conrad, that's what I want. I want him dead. I want the Japanese bitch dead. She's started to attack my salt works, petty revenge for her kin. They've both turned against me and they both need to die and if you do that for me, Conrad, I will make this entire case go away. Evelyn will die as a suicide, and you won't ever have been there. You'll walk out of here right now, with me, a free man.” Again with the mask, another rasping breath of oxygen.
“That's not freedom, Walker.” I looked down at Evelyn's still face. “Better than dead, though. You've got a deal.”
“After you found her, Conrad, the Japanese dragon fled into the high desert. She had the pearl, and she poured the waters of the Yellow River into one of the mines I own near Tule Lake. Flooded it within minutes. Killed half the men inside. She's a murderer, Conrad.”
I put the shotgun on Evelyn's chest. “Don't play that card, Walker. We're all murderers here. We don't get to judge, pretend that her murders are worse then yours.” I touched Evelyn's cheek. “Or mine.”
“So true, Conrad. I like to see a man that knows himself. Tell the detective we're finished in here. Time to go.” He lowered himself back into the chair.
I pushed open the double doors. Phil was smoking a cigarette, leaning against the wall, and several butts littered the floor at his feet. “Your master wants to see you now,” I said.
“Shut the fuck up. I saved your ass, partner,” he snarled, flicking the cigarette at me.
As he went past, I stopped him with a hand on his chest. “Phil. Thanks,” I said, though it nearly killed me to say it.
Did his face soften? “No worries, buddy.” Beatty walked past me and I stuck the evidence envelope I'd just lifted off of him into my pocket. We went into the morgue together and got our marching orders. Charges against me were dropped, and Walker would escort me out. Hank was getting shakily to his feet, cradling his shattered shotgun like a child. The look he gave me told me that one of us wasn't going to survive this, but I knew that already. Walker wasn't going to let me walk away alive after I'd broken one of his toys.


Chapter Fifteen – On Edge
“How are you going to do it, Conrad?” Walker's voice was nearly carried away by the roar of his car. Hank was driving fast, aggressively, taking out his anger on the other drivers as we tore through San Francisco. We left a trail of honking cars and shaking fists in our wake.
“Don't know yet,” I replied. “First, I'm going back to my apartment to get my stuff. Then to my office.” I shrugged. “Then I have some reading do to.”
“Smart.” Walker buried his face in the oxygen mask. “I'm glad to see that you don't overestimate yourself. But remember, it's destiny for you. All the pieces will come together, and you will kill them both.”
“I've never been one to rely on luck,” I said. It was night, and the streetlights flashed by. How long had I been in the holding cells?
“Not luck, Conrad, destiny. Surely you know they are different things.” He weakly waved one hand at all of humanity outside of his car. “They rely on luck. You and I, we follow destiny.”
“Yeah,” I said, exhausted. “Destiny.” I looked out at the world and my ravaged face stared back in like a corpse under a frozen lake. I looked like shit, worse than that, meat that had been chewed up and then shit out. And I couldn't shake the feeling that the eyes that should have been mine, the eyes in the reflection judging me, belonged to someone else. And I remembered a few things my father had beaten into me about destiny, about hubris, about the fall of gods and men, and the vengeance of Nemesis.
The car squealed to a violent stop at my apartment building. “I know the police treated you roughly, Conrad,” Walker was saying behind me. “That's all over now. You're a Walker man now. Hank?” Hank pushed an envelope into my hands, creamy white, heavy paper, quality all the way. I opened it dully, riffed my finger across the stack of green inside. “Get yourself back on your feet, Conrad, and quickly,” Walker wheezed. “I want results!” I opened the door and shambled out onto the street. I turned around to shut the door. Walker was already looking away, toward his destiny, but Hank was staring at me with death in his eyes until he slammed on the gas and left me in a cloud of exhaust.
I opened the door to the lobby. The landlady was there, pink and plump and spoiling for a fight, her curled hair bouncing as she rocked on the balls of her feet. “There you are, there you are, get your things and get out, I won't have the police in here arresting my tenants, I run a clean place!” Her shriek was piercing, like an icepick in the eardrums but without the blessed silence that follows.
“You run a hellhole for whores and junkies,” I said as I pushed past her. “And murderers.”
“Get out!” she screamed at my back as I limped up the stairs. My door hung open, lock broken, no cop outside. I got inside and shoved a chair against the door. Someone had been through the place, probably several someones. My clothes, those that were still there, scattered on the floor. The icebox stood open, empty. The bastards had even stolen my sheets.
None of that mattered. There were only two things I needed here. The dresser that I used to be able to push without effort decided to play Sisyphus' rock with me for a minute before it groaned and shifted on the splintered floor, gouging up rotten wood. Underneath was a loose floorboard, and under that was a box. Ninety-nine gold coins from Syracuse, blood money from Erato, and a roll of cash left over from when I sold the first one. I tucked the box under one arm and went into the kitchen. On top of the icebox was the Jetfire. That went into the box with Walker's envelope and the evidence envelope. And then I left. Back down those stairs I'd walked up, stumbled up, limped up, and crawled up a thousand times. The landlady was still in the lobby, ready to continue her one-sided argument with me. I opened the box, peeled off a hundred, and threw it at her feet as I went by. She kept yelling at my back as she stooped over to pick up the bill.
My car was still there, though the cops had worked it over too, jimmied the trunk and the passenger door. My key worked, though, and the engine growled to life. I drove back to the Harrington. The doorman tried to stop me but I pushed him aside. The house dick started to move toward me but my face stopped him cold. I slapped a hundred down on the front desk. “A suite, with my own fucking bathroom,” I growled to the kid behind the desk.
His Adam's apple bobbed. “What name, sir?”
“Jake Conrad,” I snapped. Goodbye to Mister Jackson, to all the names I'd used in the past. I was stripped down to the marrow.
He pulled a key off the board behind him. “910, Mister Conrad. Do you have any luggage?”
“I got a whole bunch of nothing but cash. Send a concierge up in ten minutes, and the biggest steak you have in twenty with a bottle of bourbon. Start me a tab.” I slapped a second hundred down on the table.
“Yes sir, Mister Conrad.” The doorman had vanished, the house dick was still giving me the evil eye but I was untouchable. A guest with cash. Nothing else mattered. I could leave a string of dead bodies all the way up the stairs to room 910 and they wouldn't blink if I kept slapping down the hundreds. That's probably why he was mad. As the house detective, he'd have to hide any bodies I left behind.
910 was big, but not as big as I expected. Two large rooms, a balcony over Union Square. But the bathroom had a tub that three could soak in. Me and who? Clio and Erato? Erato and Evelyn? I could fill the tub with the bodies of the dead that I'd loved for a few days.
A deferential knock at the door. The concierge was there, looking excited. The story was spreading fast. The crazy guy in 910 had hundred dollar bills. Well, I wasn't going to disappoint. “What can I do for you, Mister Conrad?”
I put two hundreds in his hand and his eyes nearly fell out. “You're going to keep twenty of that, buddy. With the rest of it, you're going to get me two suits, nice ones, gray and blue, white shirts, four of them, underwear, socks, you can figure out the rest. And a hat. Fedora. You're going to have those for me by tomorrow morning. Got it?”
He nodded and backed away. I shut the door and started to run the water in the tub. While it filled, I searched the room for a hiding place. I didn't want to use the safe downstairs. I might have to leave in a hurry. There was enough of a gap between the box spring and the wall. It would do for tonight. I'd keep the box with me otherwise. The tub was only half full, but steam filled the bathroom. A knock at the door. A big steak, fried potatoes on the side, some limp boiled greens, and a bottle of bourbon, on silver plates on a silver cart. “Tell them at the desk to put a ten buck tip on my tab for you,” I said, and shut the door before the waiter could thank me.
I pushed the cart into the bathroom and finally got out of clothes I'd been wearing since the arrest. I slid into the hot water of the tub and kept going under, under the water entirely, the only sound the roaring of the water spilling from the tap. I stayed under as long as I could, watching Evelyn fall down into the pool of brine. I surfaced when my lungs burned and turned off the tap. Then, slowly, deliberately, carefully, I ate the whole damn steak and all the fried potatoes while the water turned my skin to wrinkles. I drank half the bottle of bourbon. When the water finally cooled off I dried myself and fell into the soft bed. I slept peacefully over a box of Erato's gold coins, Walker's cash, and Evelyn's Jetfire and jewelry. Not the best good luck charms a guy could have, but I made do.
I slept until noon. There was a note under my door, saying the suits were ready. I had them sent up. They fit well, and the kid had even gotten me comfortable shoes. For the first time since Evelyn went under I was dressed properly. I brushed down the fedora, retrieved the box, and ran the gauntlet of bellhops, concierges, and unctuous staff. I drove over to the office, took the rickety elevator up to the fourth floor. My office was dark, the door locked, and on Sarah's desk was a letter. Pretty much what I expected. She can't work under these conditions, heard I'd been arrested, I had come into the office without pants, she wanted two weeks pay, she quit. Couldn't blame her. I found an envelope in her desk, wrote her address on it, and stuffed two hundreds inside. I even found a stamp and dropped it down the mail chute. Then I stopped in on Tony with the box.
He was still working on that damn cat, attacking some peacock feathers around the head. It was gaudy now, like a showgirl's headdress. “I don't think it's an improvement, Tony,” I said.
“Nah. Now's it's just funny looking, you know?” He looked sad.
“Hey, Tony, there's always another cat out there somewhere, right?” I put two hundreds on the table next to him.
He looked at them, didn't move to take them. “What's this for?”
“Saying thanks. You've helped me a couple of times.” I turned toward the door to leave.
“You about to do something stupid, Jake?” I heard the bills being folded. “This sort of gesture, it's what people think they're supposed to do before they go off to war or something.”
“Just settling my debts, Tony.” I opened the door.
“Be careful,” he said to my back. I shut the door softly, to not startle the cat. I walked past my office to Bernie's door. I knocked and opened it. 
Bernie was on the phone, talking slowly and clearly to someone on the other end. His two heavies nodded to me, and I tipped my hat. Bernie waved a hand to the chair in front of his desk. It was hard wood, easier to clean blood off of. I sat down with the box in my lap. “I do not see how there is any confusion about this. You bet five thousand dollars on Nemesis Flying in the fifth, and Nemesis Flying did not win. So you owe me five thousand dollars. Tut tut, sir, it is not important that you do not have the money. You will get the money, or I will send over my associates.” He sounded bored, as if this was a conversation he had on a daily basis. He probably did. There were scratches on the arms of the chairs, marks left by the cuffs Bernie's boys must use to lock people down. “I understand. Tomorrow at noon, then.” He placed the handset gently on the phone and sighed. He massaged his temple, and then opened his desk drawer and took out two clean glasses and a bottle of brandy. He poured two fingers into each with absolute precision. “Jake. To what do I owe the pleasure?”
I took my glass and sipped it. Sickly sweet, almost medicinal. “Can we talk in private, Bernie?”
He nodded, and the goons stepped out into the hallway. “Have you reconsidered my offer, Jake?”
“‘Fraid not, Bernie.” His face fell slightly and I felt guilty. “I need a favor.”
He put his hands flat on the table. “Jake. While we may be friends, I am a businessman first and foremost. What sort of favor?”
“I need weapons. Something powerful. Something military. I have to stop something big.”
His expression didn't change. “I see. What do you need to stop, Jake?”
I put the box on the table. “How did you know about Clio, Bernie?”
His eyes narrowed. “What do you need, Jake?” he repeated.
“I'm desperate, Bernie. I need help, I need a favor, I can pay, but I need to know how you knew about Clio!” I kept my voice low.
“You can pay,” he said flatly. “I sincerely doubt, Jake, that you can pay me enough to make this worth my while.”
I opened the box and took out one of the coins. I dropped it on the table in front of him. It hit with a solid thump. “What do you think about that?”
He picked up the coin with his pudgy fingers. “I think it is gold, quite old, Syracuse, if I'm not mistaken.” He looked at my face. “And I am not mistaken. Quite valuable. Only one in the city, sold to a rare coin dealer a few months ago. About the time you got your new car, Jake.” He put the coin on the table.
“How many do you need, Bernie? What's it going to cost me?”
He smiled. It was a thin, frightful thing, a smile that a rat sees before it goes into the snake's gullet, not the usual genial smile he favored me with. It was his real smile. He picked up the coin again. “Call it in the air, Jake. You win, I do it for free. I win, you accept my offer.” I nodded. He carefully balanced the coin on his thumb. His thumbnail was perfectly manicured. His thumb shot up and the coin flew toward the ceiling, catching the sunlight from his window, sparkling and turning.
“Heads,” I croaked. The coin came down with a heavy thump, spinning on its side, slowing down, but not toppling, until it came to rest, still on the edge. A small breeze should have pushed it over but it stood as steady as the Rock of Gibraltar, the face of a long-forgotten river god laughing at me from its side.
His smile never changed. “How unexpected,” he said quietly. “I suppose we'll have to compromise. I'll do it for free, Jake. Friends do favors for friends, don't they? I'll do you a favor, and you'll do me a favor, later. Agreed?” He extended his hand. “Shake on it, Jake.” I took his hand, soft and warm, and we shook three times. Then, with a gentle push of his thumb, he gave the coin a push. It rolled quietly across his desk until it tumbled into my lap. I picked it up without checking heads or tails and tossed it back into the box.
“What about Clio?”
“Very well, Jake. As I said, we were already interested in you. You had . . . potential. And then she appeared. Literally appeared, Jake, as you now know. She was clearly special.” He looked a bit wistful. “I'd seen the scroll in your office before, of course. Now, I may not be a great detective,” he said with a small laugh, “but I can put two and two together. This extraordinary creature appears in your dingy office, and you have a scroll in Attic Greek describing the Muse of History.”
“You read Greek?”
“I know many languages, Jake, Greek among them. Yes, yes, I know I may not look like much but I am quite well educated. So, if two plus two equals muse, the rest was easy. The coins, that merely confirms all my theories. Now, what do you need to kill, Jake?” That predatory smile was back.
“I'm going to be straight with you, Bernie,” I said slowly. “I don't believe a word you just said, but that doesn't matter. I needed to know what you believed, and I guess you believed she was what she was. So. Maybe you'll believe this, too. I need to kill two dragons.”
“Japanese or Chinese?” Bernie asked. He seemed surprised when I started to curse.


Chapter Sixteen – Storms at Sea
I drove over to San Francisco State. I needed more information. Bernie was willing to get me whatever I needed, but I didn't know what I needed yet. He said he had connections with the military, might be able to grab something big out of the pipeline to Korea. That wasn't comforting. Some poor sap on the line wasn't going to have the gun he needed to kill the Commies because I'd grabbed it to kill some dragons. But a deal's a deal, and I had made a deal with Bernie, and it sat in my gut like bad bourbon after a beating. I owed him one now. That was going to come back to bite me some day. 
I'd left the box with Bernie. I was so far in debt to him now I might as well trust him. Better then hauling it around all day.
The clouds had swallowed the sun and a steady rain was falling, straight and cold, on the campus. Students ran from building to building to stay dry. I just flipped up the collar on my overcoat, pushed the hat down a little more, and limped over to the building where I'd met Heidi Mori. I was drenched and dripping by the time I got inside, a chill settling on me, all my fresh bruises and aches singing their symphony of pain. Mori was kneeling by a massive fireplace, trying to get a pile of logs to burn. “Seventy this morning, down in the fifties now,” I said, my voice echoing in the empty room. She turned, startled. “Can't predict the weather around here for a damn.”
“Mister Conrad,” Mori said, standing and smoothing her skirt with her hands. “I thought you were going to call first.”
“Sorry to drop in like this,” I said. “I need some more information on dragons.”
She walked over to her desk. “Pull over a chair.” I dragged one across the floor as she piled some books on the desk. “I did some research after you left,” she said. “It was one of the more interesting questions I'd been asked in a while. So I pulled some books for you.”
“Much appreciated, ma'am,” I said, sitting. Some water dripped off my overcoat. “Sorry about that,” I murmured.
“Not a problem, Mister Conrad,” she said breezily. “I'd start with this one,” she said, placing a large red tome in front of me. “It's from a Western writer, not native, so it'll be a lot easier for you to read.”
“All right,” I said, and opened the heavy cover. It was a survey of Japanese and Chinese myths, starting with some sun goddess pulling her sword from the water and the drops creating Nippon. She shifted some books around and I looked up. She was staring at me. “Is there a problem?”
She looked back at her books. “No. I mean, I'm surprised you're actually reading the book. I thought you were just a harmless crazy or something. Or maybe a writer, but you don't seem the type.” She looked back at my face. “And it looks like you've been beaten pretty badly.”
I touched the side of my face, where the cop had pistol-whipped me. Still tender, puffy. “Yeah. The guy who wants me to kill the dragons decided I needed to be softened up a bit first.”
“And now you sound crazy again,” she said with an exasperated sigh. “There's no such thing as dragons, Mister Conrad.”
“Sister,” I said with a small smile, “there are more things in Heaven and Earth then are dreamt of in your philosophy.”
“I'm not your sister,” she said, rising, “and I know my Shakespeare. It's cold in here.” She walked back over to the fire and I turned back to the book. She made a pleased noise and I saw that she'd gotten the fire going. She pulled a pole down off the wall, ten feet long with a hook at the end, and started adjusting the lights hanging from the ceiling to counter the growing darkness from the rain.
The book was a relatively modern work, a bit light in tone, but more fun then some of the collections of Greek I'd slogged through as a kid. I got past the creation myths, the tricksters, the animal gods, a discussion of Shinto, and into the heroes. And the dragons. And the hell of it is that Mori was right, it was all trickery and wit that destroyed dragons. Not great feats of arms, not arrows and swords.
The room began to warm up from the fire. Mori was puttering around the room, filing books, cleaning up. I heard someone else come into the room. “Good evening, ma'am,” Heidi said. Evening? I glanced at the window. It was just gray, the heavy clouds low and rain still falling. Someone answered in a sing-song language, and Mori responded, and I set back to my book. Everything has an opposite was the point of the myth I was focused on, that a elemental creature could be defeated by an opposing element, a water demon brought on to the land was helpless, but all my water demons were already walking the hills of San Francisco and still seemed pretty powerful. I turned to the fire for a moment, watched the flames dance with a smile. Earth isn't the only counter to water, after all. Could it be that simple? Certainly Bernie could get me something that burned. Burn the dragons, burn Walker, and . . . .
The word Walker was spoken behind me in the middle of a long string of syllables I couldn't understand. I turned a bit more, and saw that Mori was speaking with a woman in a heavy hooded overcoat. The coat was dripping water onto the floor, a small but growing puddle. I couldn't see her face with the hood pulled up. Heidi looked apologetic as she replied. The woman launched another verse of gibberish at her, and again I recognized a few words. Tule. Manzanar. Heidi nodded at those words, and brought her over to another desk. I kept watching out of the corner of my eye as Mori unrolled a map. She pointed to a few places on it, and again I caught some words I knew. Tule, Manzanar. I got up, the chair scraping loudly on the floor, and both Mori and the woman turned to look at me. I recognized her face, brown eyes tending toward yellow, moist from the rain, and long black hair with water running down in streams.
“Get out of here, Heidi!” I yelled as Yoshie started to transform, shedding the overcoat like a second skin. Mori stumbled back toward the fire and I went for my pistol, my hand grabbing a bunch of air instead of the textured grip of a .45. My pistol was still at the bottom of the brine pond, the Jetfire was in a box in Bernie's office, and I had nothing as scales slid down over Yoshie's face like steel shutters coming down in the bad part of down.
“You,” she hissed.
“Me,” I said, looking around for something to hit her with. She was growing, the legs were stretching out into a red tail, her teeth growing sharper as her face formed into a snout. “Get out, Heidi!” I said again, but Mori was frozen, her back pressed up against a bookshelf.
Muscles rippled in her long tail, and the dragon launched herself at me like a coiled spring. I landed a haymaker as she slammed into me, but she didn't notice it. I went down against Mori's desk, books spilling onto the floor. I scrabbled across the desk for a weapon as the tail looped around my legs, smashing them together. Yoshie jerked me off the desk and into the air, dangling me from my feet, level with her eyes. “You are Walker's man,” she said with venom. “Walker and Hwang Ho's man.”
“Lady, I'll be whatever you say,” I replied. The tip of the tail slithered up my chest, and I shivered. There was blood in her eyes, a feral blankness that I'd seen too many times today, in Bernie's face when the coin spun in the air, in Hank's eyes as he silently promised me pain. The scales brushed the bare skin of my neck, warm and slick, and then in a flash my windpipe was being crushed. I flailed at her with my hands, but she held me just out of reach.
“First I kill Walker's man, then Walker,” she whispered over my gurgling. A black rim appeared at the edge of my vision and started to close in. When it went black, I'd be dead. Nice and simple. I wondered if she'd eat the body. I struggled to gain another breath, one more gulp of air to fuel brain and body and give me a way out of this, but the darkness was closing too fast. There was a sudden, sharp crack, and I feel to the floor in a heap.
Air rushed into my lungs, and I devoured it greedily, trying to get to my feet. Heidi Mori was holding the pole with a hook on the end, and she swung it again with furious grace, smashing into Yoshie's back. Yoshie howled something in Japanese, and Mori shouted back at her, swinging the pole again, but this time the dragon was too quick. Her tail darted around and swept Heidi's feet out from under her, then flicked the pole toward the fireplace.
The fireplace. I scuttled after the pole. Heidi was back on her feet already, stepping back from Yoshie, her hands held out flat in front of her like the villain in a Charlie Chan movie. Yoshie swung at her again, and Heidi sidestepped the blow. They were shouting at each other in Japanese as I pulled a log from the fireplace. The end of it was burning merrily. Heidi had the dragon's attention for the moment, so I walked up behind Yoshie and smashed the burning log into her neck. She screamed, a high-pitched wail that shook the walls and rattled the windows. I hit her again and Heidi stepped up and punched her in her scaly stomach. 
I took one more hit with the log and then ran at Mori. “Come on!” I screamed as I grabbed her hand. I expected to pull her along behind me but she jerked me back with feet set wide.
“What the hell is that thing?” she yelled at me.
“It's a goddamn dragon, Heidi, now come with me before it gets really angry!” This time she followed, and we ran into the back room and slammed the door. Yoshie's rage was growing with her pain, the sound of a great wind rising. “Is there another way out of here?” I shouted over the roar.
“Back door,” Mori said, and she led the way. Papers were starting to take flight. We were just heading down a flight of stairs when the windows started to blow in, showering us with glass as Heidi shrieked. Books began to fall from the shelves, pushed by the raging wind. I slammed a shoulder into the back exit. It opened outward, and the wind tried to keep it closed, but between the two of us we got enough leverage to spill out onto the wet pavement outside.
“Keep running!” I yelled and we both charged out into the lawn. She was much faster than I was. Behind me the building was crackling and screeching as the metal window frames began to fold up. I turned back to see a low black cloud hovering over the building, shot through with electrical arcs. Lightning began to fall, Jupiter's bolts hurled by a Japanese dragon, and the entire facade of the Oriental Studies building caved in with the sound of tortured stone.
I'd seen enough. Mori had turned back too, and was standing shocked, open-mouthed in the rain. I grabbed her hand and dragged her, unprotesting, across the yard and into another building. The wind was less here, and I could watch out of the windows as Yoshie took the entire building down in a whirl of wind, rain, and lightning. Slowly, Mori stood up and peeked out of the window next to me. Yoshie was standing alone in the fury, atop the rubble pile. She was a hundred feet long if she was a yard, and her beautiful red-scaled sinuous body writhed through the ruin. “No such things as dragons, Miss Mori?” I said. When she didn't reply, and I saw my poor car go airborne in the wind, I took her hand again. It was cold and trembling, shocky. “Let's go before she's done,” I said, and I led Heidi Mori out of the back of the building and into the storm.

Chapter Seventeen – Guns for Prometheus
“You drink tea?” I asked.
“Coffee. American, remember?” Mori was bedraggled, small inside my overcoat. We were both soaked, cold to the bone, and sitting in a diner off Geary. The counterman looked at us more than a bit askance, but a twenty on the dirty linoleum counter kept him quiet. I'd gotten us a booth in the back, near the jukebox, fed a couple of nickels to get us some music. I'd pushed the buttons at random and some young kid with a girl's voice was singing. Didn't matter. The music was just noise.
“OK,” I said, and got two coffees, black. I set one chipped mug down in front of her and she cupped it in her hands to warm them.
“What was that, Mister Conrad?” she whispered.
“That was Yoshie, Miss Mori. A Japanese dragon that I've been hired to kill.” I needed the coffee in me. It was black and bitter and far too hot.
“You're not crazy,” she muttered. She began to shake. “A dragon.”
“There's a flask inside my overcoat pocket if you need some,” I said. “And even if you don't, I do.” She fished around for a second and pulled out the silver flask with S.F.P.D. and a police shield on it. She unscrewed the top, took a sniff, and made a face. She passed it over to me and I added a generous dollop to the coffee.
She was still shaking but color was returning to her cheeks. “Why the hell did you bring her there?” Good. Anger is always a better emotion than panic, hate is always more productive than fear.
“I didn't. She was as surprised as I was, I think. What did she ask you about?”
“First she asked me about locations of the Walker Salt and Chemical Company. I told her I didn't have any information on that, that we focused on Asian issues. Then she asked about internment camps. So I got her a map. I showed her Tule Lake, she said she'd been there already.” Finally she took a sip of her coffee, then another one, without making a face, so I knew she was still in shock.
“She has been. She flooded a Walker pumice mine there, killed a bunch of miners. Where else?”
“I showed her Manzanar and a few of the others. Why is she here?”
“I don't know, sister,” I said. A lie, but I didn't think she was ready yet for a story with a second dragon.
“I said before, Mister Conrad, I'm not your sister.” There was more anger then offense in her voice. “I'm not her daughter either,” she said softly, looking down into the coffee. 
“OK, sorry,” I said. “What's that about daughters?”
“She kept calling me 'daughter.' It might be a polite thing from an older woman to a younger, but we're the same age, or . . . .”
“Or not. Don't know how old she is,” I said.
“When I hit her, she screamed at me, 'don't help him, daughter!' And I just yelled back at her that I wasn't her daughter. I know my mother, I buried her at Manzanar.” She got a distant look, turned to gaze at the neon lights outside in the rain.
“I'm sorry,” I said meaninglessly. “That was some pretty good stuff back there, Miss Mori. You saved my life. I want to thank you for that.”
A silence dropped between us as we both drank our coffee. She broke it first. “What's the connection between Walker and the internment camps?”
“Walker ran the internment in San Francisco. Made a lot of money off of it, buying Jap property for pennies on the dollar.”
“The word is Japanese, Mister Conrad,” she snapped. “Not Jap.”
“I thought you were an American,” I replied, “why do you care?” Another long silence, until I said “Sorry. You're right. I had a lot of buddies in the Pacific. You pick up the language.”
“What did you do during the war?” she asked.
“I was in Greece, with the partisan, killing Krauts,” I said with a small smile, and she smiled back. “Just another white guy killing Krauts, I guess.”
She added some sugar to her coffee, stirred with a spoon that was none-too-clean. “I remember my parents talking about Walker. My brother actually did some work during the war at the Walker mine near Manzanar. Walker got cheap labor from the camps. My brother got some money to buy us things we needed. When he got the chance to join the 552nd he was gone to Italy.” The smile dropped from her face. “He came back in a pine box with three medals. He was an American.”
“The war wasn't easy for anyone,” I said. “Except Walker. Made him even richer.” The last of the coffee brought it together for me. “Money off the internment. And the mines. This is about revenge. She stole the pearl for him from Hwang Ho. And he rewarded her by locking up her people. And now she's here to make him pay.” I got up. “I need to figure out where she's going to hit next. Find Walker facilities up in the mountains.”
“She's going to Manzanar next. That's what she told me. She said she needed to visit some graves there.” Heidi stood as well.
“Where can I take you?” I asked.
“Are you going to Manzanar?”
“After I make some calls, get some things, yes.”
She tightened my overcoat over her shoulders. “Then you can take me to Manzanar. There are some graves there I can visit, too.”
“Not going to happen,” I said, opening the door for her. “You should go home, Miss. Forget all about this. I can tell you that this is one rabbit-hole you don't want to fall down.”
She turned in the doorway, and a blue neon light gave her face the look of a corpse. “Do you speak Japanese, Mister Conrad? Do you know the myths of Japan and China? I'm already Alice, already falling, and I don't see the sun at the top of the rabbit-hole anymore. I need to see the bottom, I need to. Or I'm going to go mad.”
I grabbed her wrist, harder then I meant to, but I wasn't going to lead another woman to her death. “You don't know what you're getting into. You're young and you're a fool. That dragon isn't the worst thing I have to deal with.”
Her other hand shot out and grabbed two of my fingers that had her wrist. She bent them back and pain shot through my hand and arm. I let go, fast, and so did she. “Don't touch me. And don't call me a fool. I learned to protect myself in Manzanar. You can't take this away from me now.”
The light flashed again, red, and it lit up her face, and I saw some of Yoshie in there, anger at what her country had done to her family, anger at the dragon for destroying her library, and I knew I wasn't going to win this fight. “OK. Fine. But you follow my lead?
She nodded. “OK, Mister Conrad.”
“Can you handle a gun, Miss Mori?”
“Call me Heidi,” she said, and I almost told her to call me Jake, she looked grateful and vulnerable and I thought about what she'd look like in the soft bed back at the Harrington. God damn, Conrad, you're turning into a dirty old man, I thought. Not this one.
“That's probably OK,” I said. “Not like a gun is going to help much in this situation.” I threw out an arm to hail a cab but, like always, the rain had driven the cabs away. We stood in the rain for at least fifteen minutes, under the red and blue flashing neon, before a hack finally stopped.
“Where to, buddy?” the hack asked.
“Fort Point.”
“This time of night?” He looked back at me, at Heidi, and his face darkened. “You takin' this kid out to Fort Point?”
“There's a twenty in it if you make it quick and keep it quiet,” I said. It played to his suspicions, and we started.
“What's at Fort Point, Mister Conrad?” Heidi asked.
“Later, Heidi.” The cabbie snorted in derision. “You got a problem, friend?” I snapped, but he didn't reply.
Fort Point was dark and rain-swept. I handed the hack a twenty. “Stay here for ten minutes, there's another twenty in it for you,” I said.
“Only ten minutes? Don't have much planned for her, do you, friend?” His leer set me off. I grabbed his collar and pulled him half-way out of the window.
“Ten minutes,” I said very quietly. “Understood?” He nodded. “Come on, Heidi,” I said, and she got out of the car. We walked into the old fort in the dark.
“What's out here, Mister Conrad?” Heidi asked again.
“Another dragon. A Chinese one, Hwang Ho. Be respectful.”
“Be respectful to the dragon, he says,” she muttered. She took the news of the second dragon with aplomb.
I stopped. “You can still turn around. I'll give you the twenty, the cabbie will take you anywhere in the city, you can keep the change.”
“You're asking me whether I'd rather not see another dragon? No dice.” She kept walking, then stopped herself. “Uh, I don't know where he is.”
I led her up the stairs to the parapet. The lights of the Golden Gate were distant spots in the rain. There was no one else there.
“Hwang Ho!” I shouted over the sound of the waves. “I've found her!” Silence.
“An invisible dragon?” Heidi said.
“Just give it a minute. Hwang Ho!” He erupted suddenly from the dark water, a tall column of gold scales. His head towered above us for a moment and I noticed that Heidi was standing her ground. Good girl. The head dropped quickly and he sniffed the air around us, then snorted, blasting us both with salty mist.
“This is not a dragon, just a Japanese girl. You are a fool, Conrad.” His voice rumbled against the rain.
“This is my . . . assistant,” I said. “The other dragon, she's called Yoshie, and she's heading for Manzanar in the desert to attack a mine there.”
“And the pearl?” He was intrigued now, his eyes had narrowed.
“She had it. I had it in my hands . . . then she got it back. She's using it to flood the mines.”
“Then we must go to this Manzanar,” the dragon said with finality.
“Should I call your buddy Walker then?”
“Yes, Walker should be in on the kill. I will owe him a boon when it is over.”
“True immortality, or are you planning to be ironic again?” I asked.
“Do not question my intentions, mortal. I will give him what he has earned.”
“And this, Heidi, is why you never deal with dragons,” I said, turning to her. Her eyes were massive, locked on the dragon's head.
“I'll . . . I'll keep that in mind,” she whispered. “An honor to meet you, Hwang Ho,” she said in a slightly stronger voice.
“You are a child of Nippon. You have no honor,” he snorted.
“I'm an American, Hwang Ho,” she snapped back. “You know, the people that helped you against Japan?”
“So you are twice without honor, being of Nippon and turning your back on it as well. You have poor taste in assistants, Conrad.”
“Hell, I have poor taste in clients, too. I'll have Walker send a car around for you in the morning.” I turned my back on the dragon and started to walk down the stairs, Heidi behind me.
“Conrad!” Hwang Ho roared behind me.
I shot him an upraised middle finger, wondering if he even knew what it meant. “Tomorrow morning, dragon,” I said, and I kept walking.
We got back to the cabbie, who was standing next to his hack. “What the hell was that, Mister?” he asked, his voice shot with fear.
“What was what, buddy?” I said, opening the door for Heidi.
“Something roaring like a freight train.” He jumped back into the driver's seat as I settled in back.
“Guess it was a ship. What the hell else could it be out here at this time of night?” Heidi giggled nervously.
“Whatever you say, man.” He ground the gears and we started away from the water.
We drove for about five minutes when I saw the Bell sign. “Hey, pull over. I need to make some calls.” Heidi opened her door. “Stay inside,” I snapped at her, and she sat back.
The operator sounded bored and sleepy. “How can I help you?” I read her back Walker's number. “Five cents.” The nickel sounded lonely clattering down the slot. “It's ringing.”
“Conrad,” came Hank's voice on the other side.
“What, no one else uses this number?”
“It's a private line. What do you want?” There was a rasp in his voice. He'd been drinking, and I knew by instinct that he was a mean drunk.
“Tell the old bastard to pick up the dragon at Fort Point at dawn. Then come by the Harrington to pick me up. I know where the Jap dragon will be.” The inside of the phone booth was misted from the rain. I drew idle scrawls in the damp, didn't like what I came up with.
“Fine. You'd better not be jerking him around, Conrad.”
I wiped the lines away, looked through the clear glass at the hack. Heidi was staring back out at me, her breath making ghosts on the cab window. “I'm not. I know what's at stake.” He slammed down the phone, leaving me with a buzz and a ringing in the ear.
“He's hung up, sir. Is there anything else?” The operator was back. She didn't sound bored anymore. Had she been listening? Who the hell cared. What was she going to do about it?
“Yeah, honey, give me GEary-16719. And keep your ears to yourself this time, sister.”
“I have no idea what you mean, sir,” she said huffily. “Five cents.” Another nickel down Ma Bell's gullet. The phone was taking over the world five cents at a time. “It's ringing.”
“Yeah?” The voice was alert.
“Get me Bernie. This is Jake Conrad.”
“Just a second, Jake.” A long second, maybe ten long seconds, and the inside of the booth was misting up again. I left the mist up this time, let it block out the rest of the world, just me, Ma Bell, and no dragons.
“Jake.” Bernie sounded disinterested. “What can I do for you?”
“I know what I need, Bernie,” I said.
“When do you need it by?” I heard a pen tap a table, the rustle of paper.
My throat was suddenly dry as the paper. “Dawn.”
“That soon? And what exactly do you need, Jake.”
“Fire,” I said.
“Fire, Jake? Fire I can give you.” Bernie laughed, saying “ha ha,” just like no other person in the world did.


Chapter Eighteen – Manzanar
The engines on the Grumman Goose began to roar, and it moved slowly into San Francisco Bay, waves slapping against the hull. Hank was still trying to tie down Walker's wheelchair when the plane started bucking forward, and he cursed as the chair shifted. “Get down here and help me, Conrad,” he snarled. Seemed like a good idea. Walker could do a lot of damage if he broke loose in turbulence, and I knew that oxygen tank could turn the entire seaplane into a fireball. Not to mention what I had in the crate in the back.
“You'd better strap in, Heidi,” I said. She was in the front left seat, behind the pilot. I had an empty seat next to her. Behind us, seats for Hank and the dragon. The last two rows of four seats had been removed. Two for Walker's wheelchair, and two for my crate. “You too, Hwang Ho.” Heidi's eyes were the size of twin moons as she pulled the straps tight. The dragon had closed his eyes serenely and lit a pipe. His restraints jangled against the floor as we hopped another wave. Between the two of us, Hank and I got Walker's chair down tight as the pilot pulled back and the Goose wallowed into the sky. The Bay, jealous of our escape, took one final watery slap at the hull, shaking the seaplane. On my knees, I locked Walker's oxygen tank down and crawled to my seat.
“I'm guessing your Jap's never been in an airplane, Conrad,” Hank yelled over the props as he buckled in. “What's the matter, honey, you weren't there when they bombed Pearl?” Heidi flushed but, good girl, kept her mouth shut, like I told her to. Walker took a deep breath from his tank and said something to Hank. “Walker says he didn't authorize you to have an assistant, Conrad.”
“She speaks Japanese and Chinese and knows about dragons,” I yelled back. “So she's more qualified then anyone on this plane!” I noticed Hwang Ho's smile around his pipe. “OK, more qualified then the people on this plane, so back off!”
Through the front windows I could see the sun climbing over the Sierra Nevadas, the snow caps glowing like dying coals in the summer dawn. Walker said something else, and Hank nodded. I looked out of the window as we crossed Oakland. “Mister Conrad,” Heidi said quietly, her voice almost eaten by the propellers. “Do you have a plan?”
I turned to look at her. The flush of anger from a moment ago was replaced by sallowness. The kid was terrified, and her knuckles were pale from her grip on the seat. I should have said something reassuring. “Nope,” I said instead. “Playing it by ear. Never flown before?”
“No,” she said with a gulp. “You?”
“Flown in them and jumped out of them,” I said. “Flying in a good airplane is easy, Heidi. Leaving a perfectly good airplane five hundred feet from the ground? That's scary. Just look out the window. It's beautiful.”
She did. She could see Alameda and down the bay, and I saw her fingers relax a little. “Enjoy the flight, Heidi.” I looked behind me. Walker was staring at Heidi, Hank was looking out his window, and the dragon looked asleep, except for the puffs of smoke from his pipe. I lit a cigarette for myself, and wondered if I should have a better plan.
I'd stopped by Bernie's just before dawn. My little Prometheus had gotten me fire, a big wooden box from the Army base at the Presidio. I cracked the box open while he stood beside me, grinning. Rubber and steel and the sharp tang of gas. “Will that do, Jake?” he asked.
“I sure as hell hope so, Bernie.” With a chill I placed the top of the crate back on and hammered it closed with my fist.
“Ah, ah, but that is not all, Jake,” he said, like an overly-formal carnival barker. He placed a huge pistol on his desk. It had a massive bore like a gaping wound.
“A pistol? Well, it might be useful,” I said, doubt clear in my voice.
“Jake, you wound me,” Bernie said. He placed a box of shells next to it. Stenciled on the side was “Pyrotechnic Flare.” “A flare gun, Jake. More fire.”
“That'll work, Bernie,” I said. I had the Jetfire tucked into my belt at the small of my back, the envelope with Evelyn's jewelry in my jacket pocket. I picked up the flare gun and the rounds. Bernie snapped his fingers and two of his goons picked up the crate. “Thanks, Bernie,” I said. “I owe you one,” I heard myself saying, even though I hadn't wanted to say it. His grin grew.
“You are welcome, Jake, and indeed you do owe me one, ha ha.” He opened the door, and I left to meet Walker. And now here we were, two miles over the Imperial Valley, heading for the mountains, gaining altitude as we went. Heidi was entranced now by the vista below her. If it all went to hell at Manzanar, at least I'd showed her a good time on the way there.
We leveled out at fifteen thousand feet as the throbbing of the propellers began to fall off. We were flying along California 108 toward Sonora Pass, the Sierras rising fast to meet us. “Last time I crossed these mountains,” Heidi said, “was on the way to Manzanar.”
I heard Walker take a deep wheezing breath behind me. “You were in Manzanar?” There was interest in his face suddenly. Heidi looked at me, and I nodded.
“Yes,” she said. “July 1942 to November '45.”
“From beginning to end,” Walker said. “Why Manzanar? Why not Tule Lake?”
“We lived in Los Angeles,” she said bitterly. “They didn't give us a choice, you know.”
“No, I didn't,” Walker said. His face was grave. “Your parents wouldn't take the loyalty oath?”
“My mother never had a chance. She's buried there. My father wouldn't. My brother did, and he died in Italy.” She said it all very matter-of-fact, had probably been over it in her head a million times.
“It had to be done,” Walker said with finality. “There were security risks.” The old bastard was trying to justify himself. “They probably would have killed you if you had stayed in the cities, you know. We protected you.”
“Feeling guilty, Walker?” I said, cutting off Heidi's retort.
“Never, Conrad. Never,” he said with a firm self-satisfaction. “Guilt is a weak emotion.” The dragon's eyelids fluttered and a bit more smoke came from his pipe. We all fell silent, and the engines throbbed on. The pilot started bleeding altitude off as we came in over Yosemite. He yelled back something about Half-Dome and Angel Falls. It was all a bunch of rocks and trees to me, crevices and gullies and a thousand places to hide a body.
And then we were clear of the mountains, the trees vanished, the land turned brown and burnt, and we were dropping fast to Mono Lake. The Goose skipped across the waves like a flat rock, finally settling heavily into the water. We motored over to a dock as Hank and I struggled to get Walker's chair unhooked. There was a dusty Chrysler Town and Country wagon by the dock. We muscled Walker on to the dock and I thought about just dropping him and his damn chair right into the water. I helped Heidi out, and Hwang Ho stepped out, looking dreamily at the blue lake and the blue sky. “Beautiful country,” he said.
Hank lifted Walker into the front passenger seat, then strapped the chair to the top of the car. I got the crate out of the back of the plane and shoved it into the back of the wagon. It was past ten before we were driving south down California 395. “You plan on stopping for lunch, Walker?” I asked.
“We'll stop in Bishop, Conrad. I assume you can wait that long.”
I settled back and watched the desert roll by as Hank kept the accelerator floored. We hit Bishop after noon, stopped at a tiny diner. Only Hank and I ate, and we ate well, ham on rye, hash browns, a fried egg, eying each other across the booth, both eating our last meals. Heidi had some coffee, Walker glowered, and the dragon just smoked. And then back to the car.
Three hours and two pit stops later we were there. The middle of the high desert, dust blowing by, in the shadow of the Inyo Mountains. The dry air should have preserved things well, but there was nothing left but the foundations of the barracks and some stray stands of wire. The land was naked and spread under the sky that stretched wide overhead and yet things felt close and claustrophobic. Heidi pressed her face up against the window, and I could see she was fighting back tears. “Stop the car,” I said.
“The mine is up in the mountains, Conrad,” Walker said. “There's nothing down here.”
“And I don't give a damn, Walker. Stop the car. The girl and I are going to take a walk.”
Walker took a hit from the tank. “Go with them, Hank,” he hissed. Heidi, Hank and I got out. A hot wind blew across the desert, muttering through the wire. I walked between the remnants of what must have been two guard towers, just a few spars of wind-worn wood standing starkly.
“Which way, Heidi?” She had frozen between the towers, lost in the shadows that only she could see. “Heidi! Which way?”
She came back to life, started walking. I fell back slightly, walked in stride with Hank. “What the hell, Conrad?” he snarled. “We're wasting time.”
“Her mother died here. Let's give her a chance to see the grave.” I shrugged. “You know, before Walker orders you to kill both of us.”
Hank stiffened, his hand fell to his holster. “Mister Walker has said you'll be fine once you kill the dragons. You'll both walk out of here.”
“Cut the crap, Hank, we're both professionals.” Heidi turned between the foundations of two barracks, broke into a run. “I'll kill the dragons. You kill me. Let the girl go.”
“Sure, Conrad,” Hank said casually. “But you're going to pay for sucker-punching me in the morgue.”
“You're a lousy liar. You going to rape her first?” She had found the graveyard. A low wood fence, a short white obelisk, a short line of crosses. I'd expected more graves. I guess most people took their dead home with them instead of leaving them here in the sere high plains.
“Dunno,” Hank replied. “How many Japs you kill during the war, Conrad? You even in the war?”
“I was there. Greece. OSS.”
For the first time Hank turned to look at me. “You? OSS?” I nodded. “Well, I killed about fifty Japs. Third Marines. Bougainville, Iwo. Am I going to rape her? Nah. But I am going to kill her. And you.”
Heidi dropped to her knees in front of a cross. “OK,” I said. “Make it quick for her.”
“Sure. Why the hell not?” He pulled out the shotgun from his holster. He'd reassembled the shattered haft with electrical tape. “Maybe I'll make her kneel first.”
“Unless I kill the dragons, right?” Our eyes met.
“If you can kill the dragons, Conrad, well, maybe Walker will let you both walk. Who knows?” The wind howled, blowing up clouds of dust, and for a second Heidi vanished from view. I thought I could hear voices on the wind, the keening of the ghosts of Manzanar that had gathered to watch her grief.


Chapter Nineteen - Katabasis
The wagon wheezed its way up the twisting road from the ghost prison of Manzanar to the ghost town of Reward. From our higher vantage I could see the whole detention camp spread out below us, rows of foundations where wooden barracks has been, the fences of gardens reclaimed by the desert, and the row of wooden crosses sinking into the sand.
There was a sudden sharp crack. Walker's head snapped to the left, Hank went for his shotgun (but kept one hand on the wheel, I was glad to see), Heidi didn't seem to notice it at all. The dragon had flicked his long fingernail into the window at his side and it had cracked, a series of parallel lines. “What the hell are you doing?” Walker gasped.
“Seeing the future,” Hwang Ho said simply. He ran his fingers along the cracks.
“How, by breaking the car?” Hank said.
“Yee jing,” Heidi said quietly. “Sometimes they pronounce it I Ching,” she continued, seeing the confusion on my face.
“No, you Jap, he Chink,” Hank replied with a mean laugh.
“You are correct, Miss,” Hwang Ho said with a small measure of respect in his voice, as if he was seeing her as a human for the first time. “Absent oracle bones, I thought it would suffice. Tell me, Heidi Mori, what future do you see in the lines?”
Heidi turned her head reluctantly. “Hexagram 29. The gorge.” That seemed pretty obvious, I thought, glancing down at the cliffside. If Hank twitched wrong, we'd get back to Manzanar pretty damn fast.
“I concur. And what does that mean to you?” The dragon was staring at her intently now, clearly fascinated by a Jap that knew something about Chinese culture.
“Risks. Traps. The Abyss. Darkness.” Heidi rattled off the list like a pizza order, dull and bored.
“Abysmal water. Repeated entrapment. Ominous,” the dragon intoned.
“No, auspicious,” Walker said. He took a deep breath and I sighed, knowing he was getting ready to launch into a speech. “The water in the dark. She's in the mine. And there we will risk, and she will be trapped. It's the end of a very long journey, Hwang Ho. The dragon that took your pearl, brought to bay at last by my hunters. Do you remember that day?”
“How could one forget? An old man on my banks, making plans with young men, plans of dams and levees and dikes to control my power. You were so certain of yourself, Walker,” the dragon said, and his eyes flashed. “So we made our bargain. You controlled my rages, and I gave you your gift.”
“My curse, damn you,” Walker said. “You cheated.”
“I taught you, Walker, I gave you the wisdom that all your intelligence never gave you. But now we make it right in your eyes. You have helped me find the pearl, and I will reward you again when I have it.” The wagon jerked to a halt. “And here we are, at the Abyss.” A fence, mangled, pilings pulled from the rock and cast aside, the sign “Walker Salt and Chemicals” smashed. “And it seems she is here as well.”
Hank got out first and started to take Walker's chair off the roof. I opened the back and pulled the top off my crate. “What's that?” Heidi asked.
It was heavier then I remembered. Of course I'd only handled one for a few minutes back in 1943, during the most basic of basic training. I could hear the drill instructor still. “Of course, none of you young gentlemen,” he drawled, a crawdad accent of the Cajun south, showing the least respect he could get away with to a bunch of trainee officer spies, “will likely have cause to use a flamethrower. But you never know. Lieutenant Conrad, if you would?” I would. Of course I would. A sixty pound backpack, two large tanks of fuel, one small tank of propellant. My shoulders ached with memory as I slipped the straps on and stood up. Was it 1943 or 1950? “What the young officer must remember is that he gets seven seconds, seven seconds only, of being a dragon,” the DI was saying politely as I pulled the trigger and shot fire from my hands sixty feet away into a copse of trees which began to burn merrily. The gas, the flame, was roaring, and I was roaring with it. I sat down heavily on the back of the wagon and the shocks of the wagon groaned.
“This is a flamethrower, an M2A1-2, Heidi,” I said in 1950. “This is what dragons breathe.” I stood and the straps cut into my suit jacket. I took the signal pistol with the pyrotechnic rounds and hung it on my belt. Then I waddled around the side of the car where Hank was lifting Walker into the wheelchair.
“That's your plan, Conrad?” Walker snorted. “A flamethrower?”
“That's a plan, Walker.” I shrugged, trying to get the straps more comfortable.
“Didn't I say that weapons weren't going to work, Mister Conrad?” Heidi said from behind me.
Walker laughed, coughed. “She's smarter than you are, Conrad.”
“Mister Conrad isn't going to fight the dragon,” Hwang Ho said, and his eyes turned the bright yellow of cats' eyes at night. “I am. Perhaps his small contribution may help.”
“I suppose we could keep talking and hope she dies of old age, but I think only three of us here are at risk of that.” I started forward, past the ruins of the gate, and stepped square in the ruins of a man. A security guard, by the look of him, torn apart, a look of permanent surprise on what was left of his face. “Jesus,” I muttered. “Walker, did you clear the mine? You warned them, didn't you?”
Hank pushed him right through the man's splattered guts, and his chair made red tracks in the dust. “Why would I do that, Conrad?” Walker said. “She finds an empty mine, she finds a trap. No. Everyone here is expendable.”
“How many men are still down there, Walker?” I said through gritted teeth.
“A few dozen, perhaps half a hundred,” he said. “No one that matters.”
“Heidi, stay up here,” I said. “You can't go down there.” She nodded, perhaps finally realizing just how dangerous this journey was.
“Wrong,” Walker said. “You brought her into this, Conrad, and now she's part of it. I don't know what her role is yet, perhaps she's the damsel in distress, perhaps she's the plucky heroine, perhaps she's just destined to die quickly, but she's part of this. If she tries to back out now, Hank will kill her, and her role will just be that of victim, just another victim you caused.” My finger danced with the trigger of the flamethrower, and I had a vision of Hank running, aflame, down the road. “You brought her along, Conrad, you cut these cards.”
“Aces and eights,” I said. “Dead man's hand.” I stepped ahead of them all and walked to the mouth of the abyss, a dark hole slanting into the rock, a narrow-gauge rail running into the depths. There was a small locomotive there with several long gray canisters attached. “Anyone know how to run this thing?”
“Yeah,” Hank said. He looked relieved that he wasn't going to have to push Walker down the mine. “Runs on compressed air.” He pressed a button and the tanks hissed, bleeding off. “Full. It'll get us down and back.”
“Sounds good,” I said, taking a seat, letting the flamethrower rest on the chair behind me. “All aboard for the Stygian express, next stop, Tartarus!” A descent into the underworld. Seemed like I was making a lot of those lately. My father would be proud. The cool air from the mine's mouth plucked at my skin and I shivered, remembering the cool air of the morgue, and Evelyn lying on a slab.
Hank lifted Walker yet again, strapped down the chair, and Heidi and the dragon took seats. Hank lowered a lever, the gears hissed, and the train began to lurch forward. We passed out of the sun into the dark, and the cold began to grow quickly. No one spoke, the only noise was the hissing of the pneumatics, the grind of the wheels on the rail, and the eerie echoes they made returned to us in distorted form from the depths below, a muttering and whispering of the dead. The last glimpse of the sun began to vanish behind us, and I realized, stupidly, I had no light. For the first time Hank was useful, passing helmets, mining lights, back from a cabinet in the front of the train. Three spotlights – Walker didn't wear one, and Hwang Ho's eyes glowed in the darkness – broke the darkness, small screams of bright in the endless darkness. It let me see, sure, but it also gave anyone a target centered on my forehead.
The temperature dropped further, you could see our breaths. Walker's was a thin mist, the dragon's a robust damp cloud, and the three little humans gave off vagrant puffs of life. Frost began to form on the cylinders and I idly wondered why, thought maybe if I had learned a bit more science and a bit less classics maybe I'd know. It really didn't matter – frost on the compressed air cylinders wasn't going decide whether I lived or died today. But now, for some reason, I really wanted to live, to see the sun again, and to sit down with some book on pneumatics and spend a few days figuring this out.
And then we ran over the first body. Hank must have seen it coming from his headlight, but he didn't say anything. Heidi and I both jumped as the wheels crushed the body, a symphony of mashing flesh and shattering bone. And then another, and another, for Yoshie must have killed them on their way in, or killed them as they ran for the sun. The train mashed them into paste, and the blood ran down the tracks in front of us.
“We are raising angry ghosts, Walker,” Hwang Ho said. “To show them such disrespect.” For the first time since I'd know him, he sounded unsure.
“To hell with ghosts,” Walker huffed.
“So you accept dragons in your world-view but not ghosts?” Heidi asked, speaking up for the first time
“Miss . . . Mori, isn't it?” Walker replied. “Shut up or die here with them.” Complete finality in his voice, and Heidi heard her death in it. She hugged her knees. I wanted to reassure her, but Walker sounded far enough off his rocker that I wasn't going to chance anything this close to his end-game. I simply put a hand on her shoulder and gave her a look. She nodded.
I had lost track of time. I knew it couldn't have been more than an hour, maybe only fifteen minutes, but we'd been descending into the underworld forever. But no Cerberus, no Titans, and no gods awaited us. Just two dragons and an undying dead man. And since I was no singer to soften the heart of Hades, I knew our little katabasis would be unheralded and untold, whether we lived or died.
“Where are the lights, Hank?” Walker asked.
“She must have destroyed the generators, sir. Pumps will be down as well.” Hank must have worked in the mine before. 
The echoes from ahead began to change, grow deeper and richer, and suddenly we were in Hades. The feeble lights from our helmets, which so far had shown little more than black walls, sometimes shot through with white salt, were swallowed in a vast chamber of white. There was a thin layer of water on the ground, and the wheels splashed in with a resounding echo of a thousand rocks thrown into a thousand pools. The smell of salt and water, of brine, of the sea, and I saw Evelyn, my Eurydice, falling away from me into the darkness and the salt depths. “The water will dissolve the pillars,” Hank said. “It's going to be pretty unstable.”
“You've worked the mine, Hank?” I asked. He nodded, his light flashing past my eyes. “OK, so what am I looking at here?”
He spoke as he returned Walker to his chair. “Room and pillar mine, Conrad. We dig out chambers to get to the salt but leave some salt pillars supporting the roof. The water will start taking those down, sooner or later.”
“Sooner or later,” Walker said, settling into his chair. He was breathing constantly from the tank now, his voice muffled by the mask. A voice from the grave. “You're standing under an ocean a million years old, and you can only think of the present. You're half a mile underground among the pillars of the earth. Old time. Older than you,” he said, pointing at Hwang Ho. “Look there, at the wall there,” he said, motioning into the darkness. For the first time I realized Walker had actually been in his own mines, had seen these white depths of darkness. I gained a small piece of respect for him as I turned my light to follow his finger. A great spiral shape loomed there, embedded in the wall, a massive shell perhaps.
“Age and time do not frighten me, Walker,” Hwang Ho said. “Why do they frighten you?” And he started to change, his aged wizened form vanishing into fog, and dragon-bits growing, tails, claws, catfish whiskers, cat's eyes and dagger teeth. “Time and tide, Walker, the river rolls on, unending. I was born into eternity.” The fog grew as he did, and when it dispersed, there was a dragon. “Now, Walker, I feel the pearl. Follow me.”
The dragon flowed over the water, skimming like an airboat, while Hank plodded along behind, pushing Walker. “Come on, Heidi,” I said quietly. I took her hand and pulled until she followed. “We've done our job,” I said, to try to convince her and me, “and now the dragon brings it home.”
“If we've done the job, why are we here?” Heidi asked miserably.
“Because Walker's going to kill us both,” I replied. She moaned very quietly. “But I'm not going to let him.” I unclipped the flare gun from my belt. “Take this. Use it when the time is right.”
“When's that?”
“Heidi, I saw you kick Yoshie in the back. You went hand to hand with a dragon. You'll know when the time is right.” I gave her a smile, and she managed a wan smile back. She looked a lot more confident then I felt, but that wasn't saying much at all.
The mine went on forever, gallery after gallery of tall ghostly pillars, giants under the earth marching off to distant darkness. The water, which had been halfway up my shoes, began to spill inside. “Walker!” I yelled. “The water's rising!”
“Of course it's rising, you fool,” he snarled back. “She's flooding it.”
“Do not worry, Conrad,” Hwang Ho said, his voice rumbling flakes of salt from the pillars. “Once I have the pearl, I can take the water back.”
“You know he doesn't want you to get the pearl, don't you?” I said, as casually as I could manage.
The massive gold head turned, the eyes alight. “What do you mean, Conrad?”
“Shut your mouth, Conrad,” Walker said. “Hank!” The goon took his hands off the wheelchair and pulled his shotgun.
“Quiet, Walker, I want to hear from him.” The dragon's tone would have frozen me, and did stop Hank, but Walker was made of sterner stuff.
“If he says another word, Hank, kill the girl.” Hank leveled the shotgun at Heidi with a cruel smile. She stood her ground, brave and stupid girl.
“Speak, Conrad!” The dragon's face was close to mine, his breath a cold wind from the sea. I shrugged, glanced at Heidi, and then the pillar behind Hwang Ho exploded into a whirlwind of stinging salt.


Chapter Twenty – The Salt of the Earth
The storm of salt slashed at our faces, blinding the lot of us humans. I could hear blocks of salt crashing into the water, the groan of the ceiling stressed by the loss of support, and the grind of scales over the jagged ruins. Someone roared something in a sing-song tongue. “What's she saying, Heidi?” I screamed.
Heidi started to shout a translation, coughing all the while. “Finally, Hwang Ho, you've come!”
The salt cloud began to fall, settling through our headlamps like heavy snow, and I could see Yoshie, red coils whipping through the darkness, binding the claws and neck of Hwang Ho. Red scutes scraped on gold scutes, the sound of stones grinding as they fell in an avalanche. Then a loud boom as Hank fired off the first barrel of his shotgun, a volley of sparks from Yoshie's flank as the buckshot ricocheted off. And there it was, tightly held by the final coils of her tail, the pearl. Water was pouring from the pearl in a steady stream. Yoshie opened her mouth and sank long fangs into Hwang Ho's neck, and golden smoke began to spill into the room. It smelled of river water and lilies, and Hwang Ho released a screech.
“Now, Conrad!” Hank yelled, but I shook my head.
“Let them fight first!” I shouted back. “I need her weaker!” I fumbled in my pocket for a lighter, and ignited the pilot at the front of the flamethrower. It hissed like an angry snake, adding some light to the scene.
Yoshie seemed to have a death grip on Hwang Ho's neck, but she had neglected his back claws. With a sudden writhing, he folded his body under himself and clawed at her underbelly. There was the sound of metal tearing and red scutes scattered. Dark water poured from her belly, the smell of swamps and weighted corpses dredged to the surface. Yoshie whipped her head back and howled in pain, and Hwang Ho took the opportunity to yell back at her. Damn fool, I thought, once you've landed a blow you don't stop to talk, but Heidi was translating, “I've come for what is mine, thief!”
Walker was breathing heavily, excitement lighting his eyes. His mouth was moving behind the black mask, but I couldn't hear what he was saying. Heidi had backed up against another pillar, ready to keep translating, probably the only way she was keeping herself sane. Hank fired off another shot into Yoshie's belly as she reared, but the buckshot sank into her ripped belly without effect. And I stood there, finger on the trigger, waiting for the right moment.
They were tangled with each other now, her coils crushing his long form, his claws trying to tear her belly open. Her fangs darted forward again and caught Hwang Ho in the face, digging out an eye. He wrenched his head back and released a cloud of scalding steam, raising the temperature around us to an instant jungle, but not bothering Yoshie. She howled at him and Heidi howled along, “Your powers mean nothing, and I am stronger!” The coils cut deeper, scutes started to crackle like eggshells, and the bright light in Hwang Ho's remaining eye dimmed. She was stronger, down here, with the pearl, than the old man. But he wasn't quite done yet. His head snapped forward, chewing off the side of her face, exposing massive white bone, and she flung him, tossed one hundred feet of dragon across the mine and into one of the support pillars, which crumbled around him.
“It ends, you old fool,” Heidi said as Yoshie roared, and I did the stupidest thing I'd done in the last five minutes. I stepped between the two dragons, the one crushed under the salt, and the one moving in for the kill.
Yoshie pulled her self up to her full height, almost vanishing into the darkness. She deigned to speak to me in English. “Stand aside, or die. Your mortal weapons are useless against me.”
“Sister,” I said, “if there's one thing we mortals do right, it's weapons.” And I pulled the trigger.
There was a slight, nearly imperceptible, kickback as the nitrogen propelled the fuel out past the pilot light. In the first second the expanding cone of fire engulfed her head. Her scream, her roar, mingled with the roar of the flamethrower. I kept the flame focused on her head for another second as her eyes exploded and the skin began to peel back. In the third second I lowered the flame to the hole in her belly, and the water flowing out flashed into steam. Her damp scutes began to explode like popcorn, but her roars had stopped because her face had melted.
In the fourth second I kept pouring the flame into her wound and looked quickly around the room in the sudden garish light of the inferno. Hank was pale, reloading his shotgun while trying to shield his eyes from the light, Heidi had fallen to the floor and was covering her face, but Walker, Walker stared into the holocaust with a rapist's excitement in his eyes. His face was ruddy in the light from the flame, the skin of a old devil getting its due. In the fifth second she started to shrink, to burn away, her tail blowing away into ash, her body collapsing smaller and smaller like evidence burning in the fireplace, and I kept pulling the trigger. The pillar of salt behind her began to weep molten salt, the only thing in the mine crying for the dying dragon. The flamethrower was growing lighter as the fuel burned off, the burden falling off my shoulders as Yoshie danced in the fire for me.
In the sixth second of burning, you could see a woman's form now, steam boiling off of her, hands clutched into claws by the burning of the tendons, trying to protect her face, flesh peeling off bone under the heat, and I poured the fire on for the seventh second, her entire human form a standing shadow of ash, and finally, thankfully, the flamethrower guttered out.
There was silence. She was curled into a fetal position on the floor, a Dresden corpse, all her muscles and ligaments shrunken from the heat, pulling her into a compact ash baby. Behind her, on the salt pillar, were two white shadows, one a dragon, one a woman, marked by a halo of burned fat and melted salt. Hiroshima shadows and a Hiroshima woman burned by my hand, and I dropped to my knees in the water and heaved bile. There was an iridescent sheen on the water from her melted fat.
“Jesus,” Hank whispered, awed and shaken.
Walker took a deep breath. “Don't be such a child, Conrad,” he wheezed, sounding none the worse for the wear. “You've done it.”
The salt covering Hwang Ho shifted, and the Chinese dragon arose, shakily, bleeding water and steam like a crashed locomotive. He slid jerkily forward. “Well done, Conrad,” he said. “You will be rewarded.” And then Yoshie moved, one arm shifting slightly with a crackling of charcoal, burned skin flaking away, black snow.
“She's still alive,” Heidi said. She was standing right behind me, and her voice mingled horror and fascination in equal parts.
“Yes,” Hwang Ho intoned. Then his jaws opened, and his massive head came down delicately, and he nipped off her head. There was a crunching sound as he chewed. “But not anymore.” His head dipped again, and he bit what was left of her in half. A third bite and she was gone, and I could see his wounds were starting to close, but slowly. He picked up the pearl in one massive claw. “You've done what you promised, Walker, old friend,” he said. “So claim your reward.”
“Reward?” Walker struggled to his feet. “You will give me my youth and my life?”
“No,” Hwang Ho said, “I will grant you your death.”
“Burn him, Conrad,” Walker said. “Because all I want is his death.”
I pulled the trigger, and nothing happened. “Out of gas, old man,” I said, shrugging the flamethrower to the ground.
Hwang Ho laughed, a low rumble, and more salt fell from the roof. “After all this time, you think he can hurt me, Walker? Enjoy your immortality if you spurn my gift.”
I took a step to the left, glanced back at Heidi, and pulled the Jetfire from my belt. “Actually, I bet I can.” I aimed the tiny pistol at Hwang Ho. My finger barely had to strain to pull the trigger. One round, one tiny .22 round, fired with a flat bang. The bullet that had tasted salt water, that had been meant for me, that my Eurydice was going to fire into my heart, a death bullet, a water bullet, a salt bullet, and a bullet I had cleaned and kept out of whatever foolish love I'd felt for her, flashed across the short distance between the dragon and me. It hit the pearl with the sound of a heavy tap against a window.
Hank started to laugh, a last mean chuckle at the futility of it all, but Walker, Heidi and the dragon all saw a spiderweb of cracks begin form on the surface of the pearl. “No,” Hwang Ho moaned. The pearl began to split open, and all the waters of the world began to gush into the mine. A great foaming wave rose and a star shot across the room as Heidi fired the flare gun into Hank. It hit him square in the chest, starting a small fire, before it ricocheted away. Startled, he turned, and I shot him in the forehead with the Jetfire. He gave me a shocked look and started to raise his shotgun before blood started to trickle from the tiny hole in his head. He fell and vanished under the foaming wave.
“Come on!” I screamed at Heidi. I grabbed her hand and began to pull. The dragon was scrabbling at the fragments of the pearl, trying to recapture the water, but it was like trying to rebuild an eggshell after the cake has already been baked.
Walker had been slammed back into his chair when the water erupted. He looked over at me with panic in his eyes, and I savored it. “Save me, Conrad! Save me!”
I stopped, the water rippling at my knees. “What's it worth to you?”
“Everything!” The water was rising fast, melting away the support pillars, and frothing half-way up the wheels of his chair. “I'll give you everything!”
“But I only want to see you suffer, you son of a bitch.” I steadied the Jetfire and took aim. “This is for Evelyn.” The .22 round hit his oxygen tank and it exploded into a small fireball. Walker was thrown into the rising water. I allowed myself one second of pure joy as the waves crushed him down, and then Heidi and I ran.
We slogged through the rising water. Behind us the dragon was cursing and the ceiling was starting to cave in. I wasn't going to look back. If I looked back, we'd both be turned to salt. The water was at our waists.
“Which way?” Heidi screamed. I had no idea, the mine was a dark maze of rising salt water. But then I saw a light, far off in the mine, a will-o-the-wisp calling to me from across the abyss. I dragged her in the direction. The light danced ahead, and we followed, and there was the train, the water just starting to lap around its wheels. We clambered aboard and I looked at the controls. I knew Hank had pushed the lever down to make us go forward, so I said a silent prayer to muses and dragons and pulled it up. The wheels groaned, and the train started to back up the tunnel. There was a terrific roar, perhaps Hwang Ho, perhaps the ceiling coming down, and a mighty wind of salt poured over us, followed by a cresting wave. It broke over us, our lights went out, but the little train didn't stop climbing. We spat out salt water as the train picked up speed. The mine was collapsing behind us as the water spread, dissolving all the support columns, and with each collapse there was another burst of wind and water, a feeling that vast things were rushing past us in the dark. It was an eternity in reverse, climbing too slowly up the long tunnel, building speed as we went, salty frost growing on the pneumatic cylinder, the darkness absolute.
I never saw the end of the line. The train slammed into a crash barrier at its full speed. Heidi and I were thrown onto the floor of the tunnel. There was darkness above us, but it was shot through with stars, and a full moon was rising over Manzanar. Far down below, there were muffled crashes, and tiny puffs of salty air assailed us as we got to our feet and walked back into the world. Heidi collapsed into the dust and looked up into space, drinking in the open air and the light of the moon. I sat down heavily next to her. “You did good,” I said.
She said nothing as the moon and the waters rose. The ground shook from time to time as the mine collapsed. Finally she spoke. “Why did you do it, Mister Conrad?”
“Do what?” I said, knowing full well what she meant.
“Why did you shoot the pearl, why did you kill Hwang Ho? He seemed like, well, like an honorable man.” She had propped herself up on one hand to stare at me.
“Because it was our only way out, Heidi. Walker wasn't going to let us live. So I killed the dragon to give us a way out.” I looked down in the dirt. “I'm not proud of it. But I've let too many women die.”
“I don't believe you,” she said. “Hwang Ho hated Walker. He would have stopped him from killing us. Why did you do it?”
Water was beginning to trickle out of the front of the mine. By tomorrow, Manzanar might be a lake. I wasn't ready to answer her yet. “Time to go,” I said, and I was grateful she didn't push the point. I got up, gave her a hand, and we walked over to the station wagon. She got in the passenger's seat, and I ducked under the steering wheel to hotwire the thing. The keys were a thousand feet down in Hank's pocket. It took a bit, but the wagon coughed to life. I sat up, and started to adjust the mirror, only to look in Hwang Ho's remaining eye as he stared at me from the back seat, a wizened but angry looking old man.


Chapter Twenty-one – A Pearl for Her Eyes
“Why, Conrad,” he whispered. “Why did you destroy the pearl?” Heidi let out a small yelp and shrank down into her chair. I slowly turned around to face the dragon.
“Because this is your fault,” I said quietly. “All of this. You had a deal with Walker, and you cheated him. And he went mad, and Yoshie took your pearl, and Evelyn died. All your fault, you arrogant, stupid lizard!” I realized I had started to shout. Heidi was still frozen in her chair, a deer in front of a lion. I got my voice under control. “If you'd played it straight with Walker back in 1933, none of this would have happened.”
“Tell me the truth about Walker,” he growled.
“The truth? You cursed him, he got angry. He got Yoshie to steal your pearl. He was going to get it back from her and get you to give him what he really wanted. But she took the pearl to Japan, the war started, and he got older and older and couldn't die. And he went even crazier. Then she brought the pearl here to get her revenge against Walker for the internment, you followed her, and he thought he had his chance for revenge against you. That's all he wanted in the end. Revenge. If you hadn't played some stupid game with him back when you first gave him a gift, you'd still have your damn pearl. And Evelyn would still be alive. And Heidi wouldn't know a damn thing about dragons. That's your truth for you, Hwang Ho.”
“Get out of the car, Conrad,” Hwang Ho said. I nodded, opened the door, stood in the dust under the moon. He opened the back door and stood in front of me, a tiny wizened man, bleeding and broken. And then he picked me up by my collar. “You've destroyed me,” he growled. “You've destroyed my power!”
“Bullshit,” I snapped defiantly. “The pearl's nothing, just a crutch. Dumbo's feather, you stupid old dragon.” He changed his grip, locking his hand under my jaw. I kept talking, best I could. “I read the history of your river, Hwang Ho. It flooded when you had the pearl. It flooded when you didn't. It flowed no matter what. You control the river, you always have, and you always will, until people forget to believe in you. You'll flood the lands and kill people when you're angry, and you'll be a pleasant little river when you're happy. So be happy.”
“Be that as it may, Conrad. But now you will die.” His hand began to close. Heidi had gotten out of the car, was walking around behind him, and she had the flare gun in her hand.
“Wait,” I croaked. “You owe me a boon! I fulfilled our contract!”
He laughed. “After all this, you want your boon? Then ask for it, Conrad, ask for your life.” Heidi as loading a pyrotechnic shell into the gun.
“Don't hurt her,” I whispered, pointing back at Heidi. “She walks away from here, unharmed, unchanged. She leaves.”
He looked back at Heidi, who was raising the gun in a shaking hand. “Very well, Conrad. Your boon is granted.”
“Lower the gun, Heidi,” I whimpered. “Get in the car and go.”
She dropped the gun in the dust. She took a step back to go, and then stopped. “Hwang Ho, I demand a boon,” she said in a strong voice.
“We had no agreement, Heidi Mori,” the dragon said.
“You owe me, dragon,” Heidi said. “I told Mister Conrad where Yoshie would be going. Without me, he could never have done his job. His boon is mine, but you've already granted him his, so I demand one of my own.” She folded her arms over her chest. “Or are you not honorable?”
His grip on my throat lessened. “Then ask for your boon, Heidi Mori,” the dragon intoned.
“Don't hurt him,” she said, pointed back at me. “He walks away from here, unharmed, unchanged. He leaves.”
The dragon's fingers dug into my windpipe harder, and then he dropped me into the dust. Hwang Ho began to laugh. “Oh, Miss Mori. You are brave, and you are wise. I will forget you are Japanese,” he said.
“I'm an American, Hwang Ho,” Heidi said.
“Your boon is granted, Miss Mori. And so is yours, Conrad. And our business is done.” The dragon looked skyward. “We shall see if you are right about the pearl, Conrad. Stranger things have happened.”
“We're not done here, Hwang Ho,” I said, standing.
“Oh?” he said, fixing me with a steady glare from his remaining eye. “What else is there, Conrad?”
“I have a question for you. Why did you and Yoshie fight? What ancient revenge is being played out there?” A waterfall was flowing out of the mine, gushing down the cliff, into Manzanar.
“She is Japanese, and I am Chinese, Mister Conrad,” he said, and I'll be damned if it didn't sound so sage and profound from his lips. “Not everything is complicated.”
“What a load of crap,” I said sadly.
“Mister Conrad, please shut up and remember he's a dragon,” Heidi implored.
“You should listen to her, Conrad.” He was starting to change, shedding his human form for the dragon.
“Hey. You still owe me twenty dollars a day. Plus expenses,” I said. The winding road down to Manzanar was getting slick with water. “I make that to be, oh, a hundred bucks.”
“The money will be wired to you,” he said. “Jacob Conrad. You are a fool, a brute, a killer. But you did as I asked. Thank you.” He extended a massive claw, and I shook it. 
"One last question, Hwang Ho. What happens to Walker?"
"He lives forever, as I gifted him. Deep under the earth, under the salt, forever."
I smiled. "I guess that's good enough for me."
One eye winked at me as he flew skyward, became a cloud, and raced toward the Orient against the wind.
I put the car in gear and started down the road, the long road back to San Francisco. “Mister Conrad,” Heidi said finally, “how did you find the way out?”
“I just followed the light, Heidi.”
“What light?”
“The light where the train was. Didn't you see it?” I glanced over at her, and she was staring into the night.
“Nope. You pulled me off into the darkness and we got to the train. Thank you, by the way.”
“You're welcome,” I said, and kept driving. With a small smile I thanked vengeful ghosts, my Eurydice, Clio, Erato, or whatever spirit was holding a lamp at the path out of the underworld. Heidi started to snore.
I stopped for gas at Mono Lake, and dawn broke as we headed over the Sierras. Heidi woke up, started staring out the window again, this time forward toward the sea.
“Penny for your thoughts?” I asked.
She sighed. “What happens next, Mister Conrad?”
“I drop you off at your place. I pay you for your time.” I shrugged. “What else?”
“It's not that simple, is it? After the dragons, what can be simple?” I looked over, and tears were in her eyes. “How can I go back to college, back to life? How I can ever believe anything is simple again?”
“You can start drinking to forget. I tried that after the war. Doesn't work. You can jump off the Golden Gate Bridge. I guess that would work. Or you can go crazy. All good choices,” I said. With one hand I fished out a cigarette. She was crying openly now. “Or you can work for me.”
She blew her nose. “What?”
“Forty dollars a week. Two weeks vacation a year. I need a secretary.”
She shook her head. “I've got a college degree, Mister Conrad. I'm not going to be a secretary.”
“OK, then.” We started down the long westward slope of the Sierras. “I need an assistant, then, and a researcher. This isn't the first case like this I've had, Heidi, and I bet it won't be the last. Fifty dollars a week.”
“Done.” She held a hand out to me.
“Welcome aboard, Heidi.”

Epilogue
The news had a few interesting stories over the next few days, a mine collapse and a new river born near Manzanar had geologists wondering, a freak storm destroying a building on the campus of San Francisco State had meteorologists wondering, Walker's disappearance had the police investigating. There was a small story clearing me in the murder of Evelyn Walker.
Summer turned to fall as they fought in some place called Pusan and MacArthur hurled his troops ashore at Inchon. And fall turned to winter and I never saw a story about the Yellow River flooding, but the Chinese Communists poured across the border and people talked about dropping nukes on China. I wondered how Hwang Ho would deal with that.
I flew to New York and sold one of Erato's coins. I flew to Chicago and sold a second one. I bought a small bungalow overlooking the sea and a new car, but I kept the same old office. Like I said, I like the neighborhood. Heidi settled in well. She gave me a list of books, and we turned the outer office – her office – into a library. And she decided she could survive as a secretary, at least some of the time. She greeted our visitors and sent them back to see me, and I gave her lots of things to research.
I read a book on pneumatics. It seemed like the right thing to do. Truth be told, I didn't get a lick of it.
I kept Evelyn's jewelry and the Jetfire in a box on my desk. Sometimes I opened the box and looked at the rings, the bracelet, and tried to remember the hands they had adorned. Then I look at the Jetfire and remember she tried to kill me with it. And the hell of it was I still loved her a little.
The death of Yoshie, Walker's eternal entombment, and my service to Hwang Ho, like the death of Erato, Clio, and Urania, cast ripples around the communities of things that lived above and below man. I had a few clients of the more unique type, but also plenty of the typical work – frauds, cheating wives, and the like.
The year turned, and 1951 came along, a long cold winter for the Marines at Chosin, a typical San Francisco winter of rain and fog for me. Spring brought flowers, more rain, more fog, and the phone was ringing. “Mister Conrad, Inspector Legrasse from New Orleans on the line. Wants to talk about this Thulhu thing.”
“He's a drunk and an idiot, Heidi. Tell him I'll call him later.” I poured myself three fingers of bourbon and lit a cigarette. Last thing I needed was Legrasse's New Orleans accent ranting about tentacles. I heard the outside door open.
“Good evening, Mister Hoffstader,” Heidi said.
“Good evening, Miss Mori,” I heard Bernie say. I'd spent the last couple of months avoiding him, and he didn't push the issue. “Is Jake in?”
“In his office, sir.”
“And you have been all right? Enjoyed your new year, ha ha?” Bernie said.
“Yes, Mister Hoffstader. And you?”
“I fear my new year was not quite so pleasant, Miss Mori, which is why I am here to see Jake.”
“Go right on back.” I'd have to talk to her about that. The door opened and Bernie came in. He didn't look happy.
“Jake.” He sat down.
“Bernie. Can I pour you a drink?” I knew I'd need one, so I topped off my glass.
“No, Jake. Do you remember our deal?” He leaned forward in his chair.
I tossed back my entire drink. “I remember.”
“Good. Did I complete my part of the deal, Jake?”
“You did, Bernie.” I leaned back in my chair to get away from him, and the springs squeaked.
“Are you willing to do me a favor?” His fingers drummed nervously on the edge of my desk.
“Yeah, I guess I am.” I put my cigarette down in the ash tray. “What do you need?”
“I need you to find someone for me, Jake,” he said.
“This someone got a name?” I asked.
“Yes, he does, Jake. My associates in Las Vegas will fill you in.” He stood. “Twenty dollars a day, plus expenses, if I am correct?” I nodded. “Very good. Don't forget to bring Miss Mori with you.” He left an envelope on the table. Bernie extended his hand, and I shook it like a dead fish. “Opening day is soon, Jake. Will you join me for the Seals' home opener?” That slightly desperate grin, and I knew that Bernie was still lonely.
“You got it, Bernie,” I said, and he left. I sat there and looked at the envelope as the night fell and Heidi left for the day.


About the Author
Brad A. White is the pseudonym for an author who lives in the U.S., where he is married to his real-life muse. When not writing, he enjoys reading, wargames, being a dad to his sons, and running roleplaying sessions.
Brad can be contacted at bradley.white.a@gmail.com, on Facebook at www.facebook.com/BradWhiteA, or on Twitter at @bradleyawhite.

Other Books
by Brad A. White
Servant of the Muses
A Jake Conrad Omnibus (Coming Soon)


Look for these books
from Blue Oranda Publishing
in your favorite e-bookstore
In the Service of the King
Book 1 of the Crimson Hawks Series
by Harry Heckel

Souls of the Everwood
Book 1 of the Krueger Chronicles
by Harry Heckel

Balefire and Brimstone
Book 2 of the Krueger Chronicles (Coming Soon)
by Harry Heckel

In My Brother's Name
by Wayland Smith

Broken Faith
by Dara Hannon

