A Song of Lesser Days

Susan Skylark

Smashwords Edition
Copyright 2012 Susan Skylark
Revised 2019



This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author


Table of Contents:

Map
Book I
Book I: Chapter 2
Book I: Chapter 4
Book I: Chapter 6
Book II
Book II: Chapter 2
Book II: Chapter 4
Book II: Chapter 6
Book II: Chapter 8
Book II: Chapter 10
Book II: Chapter 12
Book III
Book III: Chapter 2
Book III: Chapter 4
Book III: Chapter 6
Book III: Chapter 8
Book III: Chapter 10

Other Books by this Author
Sample Chapters




Book I



Chapter 1

Mist clung to the hills, as if trying to veil the macabre scene from mortal sight, but the wan, sinking moon and the gradually brightening east gave light enough to expose the wreckage of humanity that littered the ground.  A few brave stars fought to stay visible but the waxing day was quickly foiling their valiant attempts, unlike the dead in the dell below, they would live again come evening.  Kaolin sat her mount and looked sadly upon the scene before her.  The Kings of Grubar and Ithalia had met in battle and both sides had been devastated, as evidenced by the myriad men and horses that lay unmoving amidst the carnage below.  It was not the first battle Kaolin had seen the remnants of, for such had been happening over and over again for the last two centuries.  
When she was a young girl the world had been prosperous, peaceful, and densely populated.  There had been people living not only in the south, east, and northwest but throughout the Tithbian Plains, and they had been pressing ever deeper into the Northern Wilds.  But now civilization had been shattered, the population greatly reduced, and humanity had withdrawn again to its ancient strongholds in the south and east with a few brave souls lingering yet in the north countries.  Prosperity had bred indolence and pomposity, which led to squabbling among neighboring countries and even plots within the kingdoms themselves to overthrow the powers that be.  Soon enough one country was at odds with another and war spread like the plague, which soon followed upon the very heels of war.
The Brethren had been everywhere in those days trying to negotiate peace, stop wars already in progress, tending the wounded and broken, teaching of the Master and His ways, and helping to rebuild lives shattered by great sorrow and loss.  Humanity had been decimated as one country after another fell into the madness that spread like an epidemic whose result was utter ruin.  Several countries never recovered and simply vanished; the rest were decimated and forced to turn their attention inward lest they also fall.  The Brethren were reviled by those that saw them as meddlers and a hindrance to their own power; some with shattered lives welcomed the light they brought back into the world, but others turned away and wanted nothing to do with such things.  Their numbers began to decline as lives were lost in battle, to disease, and taken by those that would be free of their influence.  As the population dwindled and the public regard for the Brethren and the Master waned, so too atrophied the number of students coming to Astoria and thus the recruitment rate of the Brethren.  The people were distrustful of the Master in those days, blaming Him for bringing such disaster upon them or at least for not stopping it from happening.  The people turned their back on the Master and as His servants became scarce, His memory slipped into legend and was regarded as myth by many, but the Brethren were still abroad, if much fewer in number.
Kaolin had been sent to discover what had come of the Lady’s advisors to both Grubar and Ithalia; their last correspondence had spoken urgently of brewing war but nothing was ever heard thereafter.  She could see quite well what had been the result of the rashness of the two kings.  The dead lay everywhere and she was quite certain neither country, especially Grubar, could afford to lose so many men.  She sighed and asked her mount to continue down the hill and through the carnage.  The stench of death hung heavy in the air and grim, black buzzards and many crows hopped about the corpses seeking an easy meal.  They however were not the first scavengers to descend upon the scene.
After the battle, the survivors had fled.  A few of the more noble had helped some of their wounded comrades escape the battlefield.  The less severely wounded hobbled off seeking a place to rest and heal.  The folk who had followed the armies and some of the great hearted locals came out to see what they could do for the more gravely wounded and carried away many to heal or die as they would, but they dared not remain long, for human scavengers would soon descend upon the scene and do as they pleased.  Soon the bandits, mercenaries, and other opportunists came to gather all that might be of value: armor, weapons, and any stray valuables among the deceased.  Any they found yet clinging to life they happily dispatched that they might not be accused of stealing.  After they had picked over the battlefield, it was left to the avian scavengers and the whims of time.
Kaolin soon left the grim scene behind and approached a village just visible in the distance.  She needed to find the survivors and learn what had come to pass.  She found several soldiers standing outside the inn but as she made to enter, they barred her way.  The captain said, “you will not disturb his Majesty the King of Grubar.”  
Kaolin said, “I ride for the Brethren and was sent to learn what was passing in your land and what has come of my comrades in your country.”  
The guard laughed coldly, “your Lady’s advisor to the King is dead, so go home and tell her your grim news.”  
She said, “what of your King, the King of Ithalia, and the outcome of the battle?”  
The guard smiled sardonically and said, “the King of Ithalia died alongside much of his army.  Our King lies abed gravely wounded but victorious.  Grubar triumphed in battle though our losses were great.  Now be gone.”  
She persisted, “let me see your King, perhaps I can offer him some comfort in his failing hours.”  
The guards exchanged an unreadable look and shrugged, “you take your life into your own hands but so be it.”  
She bowed her head in thanks and entered the inn.  She found the King with a terrible wound in his side; it was obvious to both he was dying.  He growled at her, “what do you want?  An armed woman can only mean one of the Brethren has come to disturb my final hours.  Be gone, I need neither your pity nor foolish tales.  I know you do not look with favor on what has come to pass, for I had your Lady’s advisor put to death as a traitor when he would not relent in his nagging about the dangers and evils of war!  I was triumphant in battle and will die victorious.  I will not humble myself before your so-called Master; I am not sorry for what has transpired.  Ithalia will be long in recovering but the King’s son will succeed him, whereas Grubar has no heir and will surely fall into war and chaos, weak as the plague has rendered it, it will not long stand.  I am glad I will not live to see the last days of my own country.  I will die victorious and my people must fend for themselves.  Selfish, yes but I care not for such affectations as yours.  Be gone, I need none of your fairy tales.  Yes I know you think I face eternal darkness but better that than being a mindless slave to an imaginary lord!”
She made to speak but the soldier beside his bed drew his sword and herded her from the room.  The guards upon the door laughed her to scorn.  She mounted and rode towards Grubar to see what was passing there.  The city was in upheaval when she arrived.  The surviving nobles were fighting amongst themselves and much of the populace was already fled.  It was not long before the country utterly collapsed, the last victim of the terrors that stalked the world.  Most countries had been shaken by war and the plague, which struck sporadically but wrought devastation wherever it appeared.  Kaolin wondered how the late king could find joy in his seeming victory and impending death yet cared nothing for the destruction of his own realm.  
She turned her mount and rode to Ithalia to see what had come of that country’s defeat.  Word had reached them with the returning soldiers of the death of the King and the loss of most of their army.  The King’s eldest son was crowned and immediately began implementing measures to ensure the survival of his crippled realm.  Valgo, the Lady’s advisor to the King of Ithalia, wished to advise the new king as he had done his late father, but he wanted none of the man’s advice, having witnessed his father’s scorn for it, at least pertaining to the war.  He would occasionally draw the man forth for advice but seldom heeded it, eventually he was relegated to educating the children of the court, including the King’s offspring, but little more.  When Kaolin arrived, the King refused to see yet another of these so-called truth mongers and left her to Valgo to entertain.  They met in Valgo’s chambers and discussed recent events.
Kaolin said, “Grubar is in its death thralls.  What of Ithalia?”  
Valgo shook his head, “the late King would not heed me when I advised him against this foolishness and his son is just as stubborn.  I shall remain and do what I can but his ears are deaf to my words.  He is at least determined that Ithalia survive and is thus turning all his attention and resources inward.  I think we will have no more risk of war, at least in the next decade.”  
Kaolin nodded grimly, “there are now few, if any countries that can risk war without ending as Grubar: a glorious but futile suicide.  Now we must weather the plague and then perhaps humanity can again return to its senses!  Is there anything you wish me to tell the Lady?”  
Valgo said sadly, “only my apologies for failing in my efforts to prevent this conflict.”  
Kaolin smiled gently, “you did all you could, do not grieve yourself over the failings of others.”  He nodded and each took comfort in the presence of the other.  
Early the next morning Kaolin rode for Astoria with her grim tidings.  What awaited her was even worse.  The wars had not spared the Brethren but they had never threatened Astoria itself; the plague had ignored them, but no longer.  Kaolin found the gates closed, a thing never done in living memory.  But it was the threat within rather than a threat without for which the gates were shut.  The plague had finally come to Astoria and lest it spread elsewhere, the Lady had ordered the gates shut until the threat was ended lest any enter the city and become infected.  Those within were allowed to leave initially but most remained for fear of somehow contaminating their own families.  Once it was raging in full, no one was allowed to enter or leave, save those sent out to bury the dead who then returned after their grim duty.
Kaolin’s mount reared and paced, not liking this irregularity any more than his mistress.  A warrior on the walls above said, “I will bear what tidings you have to the Lady and see where she would send you next, but none can enter lest they also fall victim to the plague, for it has seized upon even the Lady herself.”  Tears of grief stung Kaolin’s eyes and the guard’s voice.  She passed along her news and waited for her next assignment.  The guard returned quickly and said, “the Lady bids you ride for the foothills of the Impassable Mountains and there meet a group of colonists determined to cross the mountains and start their own settlement away from war and plague.  They have requested someone to teach them and advise them as they begin their new life.  Another will be sent after to aid you if we have anyone left to spare.  May the Master ride with you!”  Kaolin smiled sadly, thanked the guard, turned her mount, and rode west.  The guard continued his watch upon the walls, wondering what the future held for the Brethren and all the world.  
The Lady lay in her chambers, a weak and failing shell of her former self.  She lapsed in and out of sleep, troubled often with fever and delirium.  During one such bout, she found herself without pain or weakness seated in a misty glade.  The Master stood before her as she knelt before Him, though physically unable to rise from such a position in the waking world, she was not so bound here.  The Great Unicorn looked upon her a little sadly and said gently, “child, you will die.”  She nodded, unsurprised at His words.  His next utterance however froze her heart as He said, “I will not raise one in your place immediately, as has ever been My custom since the inception of the Brethren.”
She looked upon Him with troubled eyes but His peace overwhelmed her and she knew that she must trust His will though she did not understand.  She said, “is this to be the end of the Brethren?”  
He said, “time will reveal what it will but you must not lose your faith in Me.  It will not be easy but I shall be with those who continue to trust in Me.  You must have one last Oathtaking before your time comes and then the surviving Brethren must be dispersed to every corner of the earth to give what aid they can in the coming years of doubt and darkness.  This will try the hearts of many but there is ever hope to be found in Me.  Go, for soon I shall call you home.”  She bowed her head once more and suddenly found herself awake and in her right mind but knew her strength was fleeting.  She called her servant and he nearly thought her in a delirium with her demands but he dared not disobey and ran to fetch the Council of Six.  
The Six quickly assembled and she said, “my time is short and the Master has commanded that one final Oathtaking be held ere the end.”  
Ibis asked, “a final Oathtaking?”  
She nodded grimly, “the Master has said He will not raise up another in my place to lead you, at least not immediately.”  
All looked grim and Ibis asked, “is this the end of the Brethren?”
The Lady said quietly, “do not despair my friend.  Trust in the Master as you have always done and as we must always do.  No matter what befalls us, you must not let your faith fail.  As long as even one of us lingers among the living, we must continue to do as we have vowed.  After the Oathtaking, all of the Brethren are to scatter abroad to give aid as they can in the coming years of doubt and darkness.  We will wane but we must not allow humanity to forget its Maker as long as we have even one voice left to speak.  I will leave it to your discretion as to who shall go where, but even the Council of Six is to go and do what they can.”  
Ibis asked, “what of Astoria, the townsfolk, and our students?”  
The Lady said, “the townsfolk will do as they wish.  Astoria might fall to dust for all I know.  Our students are now very few but they may remain if they wish, for I shall leave someone to tend to the Library, but all others must disperse.”  The Council nodded in understanding; the Library contained all the knowledge and history collected over the years and any who came after would need it to continue on if there was no one left to teach them.  The Lady said, “prepare for the Oathtaking and have everyone so interested gathered in one hour.  My end is nigh.”  They bowed deeply and ran to make preparations.  
There were now few students in Astoria, for few were those that now came seeking instruction and those that were there previously had either joined the Brethren or gone elsewhere once their education was completed to their satisfaction.  A dozen interested individuals were found among the remaining students and even a few of the townsfolk joined them.  These were brought before the Lady and she gave them her blessing.  They then gathered upon the walled lawn with a great rent marring the hilltop upon which the castle sat.  The Lady lay limply upon a sofa, unable to stand, but she valiantly began the ceremony and a dozen individuals joined the Brethren that day.  Afterwards, she weakly asked that Skye and Mina be brought to her.  
The pair stood sadly before her as she said, “all the Brethren are to ride to the furthest corners of the earth and give what aid they may in the coming darkness.  You two alone shall remain here to tend the Library and preserve the very heart of Astoria.  Any students that wish to remain will aid you in your work but very soon I fear you shall be very much alone in your endeavors but never lose heart nor your trust in the Master…”  
She trailed off and said no more.  The gathered Brethren wept for the loss of their beloved leader but wasted little time in putting her last orders into effect.  She was buried and there was much mourning but their preparations continued despite their grief.  The Council of Six prepared messages for all of the Brethren yet abroad and were deciding where to send whom.  They dared not release anyone until the plague had run its course and then all would be sent forth, perhaps never to return.  Finally, the wrath of the plague was abated and the Brethren dispersed.  The townsfolk were appalled at the disappearance of the Brethren and wondered what might befall the city in their absence.  Many decided to pack up and move on and see what else the world might hold for them.  Many were the folk lost in the plague and the survivors were loath to remain in a place so full of recent sorrow and uneasy memories.  They were happy to have a reason to go and most went.
The remaining students lingered for a time but most grew weary of their now self-led studies and quietly vanished into the wide world.  Eventually none but Skye and his wife Mina remained in Astoria.  As the years passed, contact with their comrades became less and less frequent.  The Brethren continued to dwindle further in number yet they never lost hope in the Master nor wearied in their mission.  Skye and Mina tended the library assiduously and did what else they needed to maintain themselves but the city fell into neglect around them, but as long as they lived the Library would be well tended and only waited for the time when it would again avail the Master’s servants. 

Kaolin rode as quickly as she could to the far side of the world where the intrepid colonists prepared for their impossible quest.  Finally, she arrived at a makeshift village at the foot of the mountains where many young women and their children met her.  They welcomed her eagerly and listened with grim attention to her news of the wide world.  They had fled various countries and places torn by war and plague and hoped to make a new and better life on the other side of the intimidating mountain range.  The men were all on the other side making preparations for their families, who would attempt the journey in the spring when the weather improved.  There was a broad stretch of hospitable land between the mountains and the sea.  Some had thought to attempt the journey by ship, but seasoned sailors had warned that no sane man would try sailing in that part of the world thus they opted to attempt the mountains.  The men had crossed over last spring and were clearing land, building houses, planting crops, and all the hundred things needed to sustain such a settlement.
Kaolin had arrived in midwinter and the waiting women eagerly listened to her tales and wisdom as they waited the coming of spring.  Finally, spring came and the mountain passes were cleared of snow, witnessed by the men who had returned for their wives.  Thus was the journey begun.  Some were lost in the crossing but most made it over and settled in with a will to make their attempt a success.  They were determined to avoid the wars that had so recently rocked the world.  Kaolin was much help in drafting their laws and constitution.  She also instilled much wisdom in the people.  She spent the next fifty years in Westria, but no one ever came to help her and she died of old age before another of the Brethren came again to that isolated country.

The Brethren were scattered to the four winds by the Council of Six.  Advisors were sent to all remaining countries, the Warriors ranged the wilderness driving back fell beasts and renegade men, the Teachers gave hope and wisdom to the distraught populace.  As the years wore on, their numbers began to atrophy but as long as even one remained their vision and quest would not die.  It was a dark time in the history of men.  The nations were reduced to little more than the merest shadows of their former glory; men grew cautious of strangers and distrustful of the Master.  The plague continued to rage for another few years but even it finally abated and left men to gather up the shattered pieces of their world and rebuild civilization from amidst the dust and ashes, but such is the tenacity of man that he picks himself up and begins anew after even the greatest disasters.
During this time, men traveled little and cared nothing for things beyond their own borders.  Their minds shrunk to encompass only their daily survival and much of common knowledge and the philosophical arts would have been lost save for the perseverance of the Brethren, whose words were often scoffed at or ignored but ever they pressed on in their vital quest.  As their numbers dwindled and the population more familiar with them aged, they passed into myth and legend along with their Master.  Thus the Brethren and all the world fell into a disquiet night, awaiting the day when again a light might shine among men.  They dwelt in the twilight and some forgot the dawn had ever been or might come again.


Chapter 2

Jaran was holding forth in a little inn somewhere in the north, telling tales to the indifferent collection of scoundrels and rogues who filled the common room.  By day he was a Warrior who chased fell things back into the wilderness and hunted down criminals who wished to prey upon others in these troubled times.  At night, he told tales and passed along wisdom to any who wished to listen or might accidentally hear.  It had been two years since all had left Astoria and yet no word had come that there was any change or hope for the future, but ever he would press on until new orders reached him or death ceased his strivings.  He had just finished one of his tales when his unicorn, the faithful friends and noble mounts of the Brethren, alerted him to trouble in the stable.  He withdrew and was not sure anyone noticed his absence.  Most of the inn patrons seemed asleep or in a drunken stupor or lost in shadowy conversation; it was not the most reputable of inns.
He entered the stable and found three men trying to steal the few horses therein.  He saw the stable boy lying to one side with a great bruise growing on one side of his head.  One of the thieves was trying to get a halter on the fractious unicorn.  Jaran bared his sword and was about to say something noble and courageous when he felt a blow to the base of his skull and darkness engulfed him.  He awoke to a terrible headache and the rhythmic trotting of a horse beneath him.  He felt his mount’s relief at his resumption of consciousness.  He painfully opened his eyes and glanced around him.  The wan light of dawn was filtering through the trees as they rode along an overgrown road going in a northerly direction.  He was bound fast to the back of a trotting horse that he might not inadvertently fall or escape.
One of the five scruffy men riding in the party noticed him coming round and dealt him another blow.  The unicorn screamed in rage from somewhere among the pilfered horses but otherwise Jaran knew nothing before he fell again into darkness.  The unicorn had allowed himself to be captured when he realized the men intended to take his fallen master with them.  His great heart bid him find a way to free his captive master or die trying.  It was dark when Jaran again awakened, this time bound fast to a tree rather than to a horse.  One of the scoundrels leant over him and made him drink some foul tasting brew that cleared his head and felt warm in his stomach.  
The man said, “you have had quite a day.  It is not good to go poking into things that are none of your business.  Our master will know what to do with you.  We would have killed you outright but you seem a learned man and that may be of interest to our master.”  
Jaran worked moisture back into his mouth and asked weakly, “and who is your master?”  
The man laughed, “you will learn that soon enough.  Satisfy yourself in knowing he is a man of great intellect, influence, and wealth.  He considers himself something of a collector and preserver of all sorts of knowledge, art, and skill in these dark days.  He may just add you to his collection.”  
Jaran asked, “what does that mean?”  
The scoundrel laughed, “that you must discover for yourself when the time comes.  It is another three days before we shall reach his manor.”  
Jaran said, “and what do you fine fellows do for this master of yours?”  
The man grinned and showed only three teeth, saying, “whatever he asks of us.  Usually we are out gathering useful or valuable items to finance his plans or expand his collections.  Very important work that!”  Jaran could only smile grimly and shake his head at these ill-guided philanthropists.
They rode for three more days as predicted; the unicorn made such a fuss that the fiends finally allowed the beast to act as Jaran’s mount, after which he promptly quieted.  Jaran was grateful to be reunited with his friend though such circumstances would often be far easier if the faithful creatures were not so touchy about their masters’ honor as well as their own.  The noble creature would sell his own life for his master’s if he was allowed, and sometimes even when his master denied him that chance if the creature was persistent.
As night was falling on the third day, a great but crumbling house loomed before them out of the darkness.  It was certainly the home of some great lord in better days but who dwelt there now Jaran did not yet know.  The whole stretch of country through which they traveled had been abandoned by civilized men for decades.  The guards upon the much-mended gates watched them pass coldly and smirked when they met eyes with the captive.  They drew rein before the great house and a bevy of grim but efficient servants ran out to secure their mounts and the stolen horses.  Jaran asked his mount to cooperate and the creature reluctantly agreed to act as the normal horse he appeared.  Jaran smiled grimly, the creature wished nothing but to die in glorious battle with his master.  They might very well die yet but Jaran wanted to at least attempt to find a way out of this situation.  He allowed his captors to lead him into the dilapidated house, curious to see what mysteries waited within.
The master of the house met them in a dining hall lavishly furnished.  The guards bowed deeply and Jaran managed to do so as well but to a lesser degree.  One of Jaran’s captors said, “we were stealing horses out of the stable of an inn when this clown walked in upon us, determined to make a nuisance of himself.  We would have killed him already but he seems to know a thing or two and we thought your lordship might like to acquaint yourself with his knowledge ere we kill him.”  
The refined looking master of the house looked upon Jaran with interest and said, “to arouse the curiosity of my less than intelligent minions must speak highly of your own wisdom.  Who are you, what learning have you had, and would you consider yourself an expert in any area of philosophy or knowledge?”  
Jaran said, “I am a member of the Warrior sect of the Brethren and thus trained in Astoria.  I am familiar with all that is required learning for one of our fellowship but I am no Teacher or Philosopher that I might count myself a master of lore.”  
The cultured man laughed, saying, “I had thought all of your brotherhood extinct!  This is an excellent chance, though I would have certainly preferred one of your more knowledgeable colleagues, I will content myself with you for now.  We can always kill you later.  Is Astoria truly destroyed as rumor holds it to be?  It would be a shame to lose such a library.”  
Jaran said, “the Brethren were scattered two years ago when the Lady succumbed to the plague.  We were sent out to give what aid we could to the floundering world.  The city yet stands, unless some terrible tragedy has befallen it since, but some were left to tend the library that our gathered knowledge not be lost even if all else should fall to dust.”
The distinguished gentleman smiled, “excellent, it pains me to think that any knowledge might pass out of remembrance.  As long as that trove still exists and is well tended I will not trouble myself further on its behalf and may continue my own efforts.”  He motioned to one of the guards and they cut the ropes binding Jaran.  All but two of the men then withdrew while Jaran and his erudite host seated themselves on one side of the great room.  “Now,” said the gentleman, “what are we to do with you?”  
Jaran smiled, “that I cannot aid you with for I know nothing of you or your quest.”  
The man said, “I am called Stern and I am determined to preserve as much of mankind’s former knowledge and accomplishments as I can in these fading years.  When civilization begins to grow and flourish I will bequeath them my trove that they might not have to learn again that which they once knew but may begin again where they left off before war and disaster befell them.”  
Jaran asked, “what kind of things do you collect and preserve?”  
The man smiled and said, “anything and everything, including people!  My barns are full of every type and breed of domestic beast, my library is vast, I have much in the way of tapestries, paintings, and every kind of weapon and tool.”  
Jaran gave him an odd look, “an admirable mission I am sure but how does one ‘collect’ people?”  
Stern said, “you Brethren and your moral conundrums!  You have done an admirable job of preserving and disseminating every type of knowledge since the foundations of the world but no longer.  You are scattered and leaderless and I shall usurp your favored place and reap the rewards when the time comes.  I have no qualms about keeping captive any who have a certain knowledge that I may someday wish to exploit.”
Jaran stared at him aghast, “you hold anyone you please against their will simply for the knowledge they possess?”  
The man smiled, “why should a man be treated any differently than a book?  Is it not every learned man’s duty to serve his fellow men thus in such a dark time?  Besides, if I have no use for such individuals I simply have them killed so I think captivity is a much more humane approach.”  
Jaran stared in astonishment, “what drives you to collect such knowledge in whatever form you find it?”  
The man shrugged, “knowledge is power and the more I have the more powerful I shall become.  It will not be long until men will come begging me for the knowledge I possess and I can demand of them whatever price I will.  Now let us see if you possess enough wisdom that I might keep you alive until I find someone to replace you.”  He spent the next hour quizzing Jaran on various aspects of knowledge and seemed well pleased to learn he was far wiser than he had originally given him credit for.  The man smiled and said, “excellent, I shall add you to my collection.”  Jaran did not look happy about the pronouncement but had little choice as the two guards came forward to escort him to his new abode.
They unlocked a strong door in the depths of the house and tossed him into a darkened room; the door shut with a menacing thud behind him.  As he picked himself up from the floor, a voice said, “who is it?”  
Jaran said, “I apparently am your new roommate.  What passes in this place of madness?”  
Another voice said, “not much.  We sit here like old tomes in a library and sometimes Stern remembers us or puts our knowledge to some use.  Otherwise here we sit.”
Jaran shook his head and introduced himself.  There were two others in the room and neither knew if there were other such captives about the great house.  Geryl was a renowned bard and had once held a place in the court of Grubar but since its fall had been forced to roam the wilds earning what he could performing in inns and on village greens; he had fallen afoul of Stern’s thugs nearly four months ago.  Harn was a master of law and had been on his way from Ithalia to Cantara to advise the Queen when he had been taken nearly six months ago.  They spent most of their time in the room but were allowed a half hour of supervised exercise each evening in a walled garden adjoining their room.  They were amused to learn their new companion was one of the Brethren.  
Geryl said, “I had hoped if such a fool would find himself in our midst that at least he would be a master of the musical arts!”  
Harn laughed grimly, “you are lucky that he is not for they would kill you if he were more talented than you.”  
In the faint moonlight streaming in the window, Jaran could see Geryl scowl and say, “I suppose you are right.”  
Jaran said, “how long will this madman hold us?”  
Harn shrugged, “he will keep us until he no longer finds us useful, then he will kill us.  Do not underestimate him, for he is no madman.  He has a keen and calculating mind and does not long suffer fools.”  
Jaran paced the length of the small room, “I would almost rather have him kill me outright than remain here while the world languishes around me.”
Geryl scoffed, “easy friend, you are not as important as you might think.  The world will go on without you.”  
Jaran shook his head, “it is not that I am important but that my message is.  Our numbers dwindle and there are few now to keep the world from falling into chaos and grief.  I am not meant to rot in this dismal little room awaiting the whims of a monomaniac while people perish for lack of hope and suffer at the hands of evil men.”  
Harn shook his head, “there is little enough you can do.  I would relax if I were you and not fret for it might irritate our master.”  
Jaran said firmly, “I have but one master and that is the Master of All.  I will not bow to lesser men.  I must find a way out of this trap ere I go mad.”  
Geryl laughed, “the more fool you are then.  It is not such a bad life.  We are provided with every provision and wish and left mostly to ourselves while the world without is all astir in toil and torment.”  
Jaran laughed grimly, “I am no refugee from want.  I would rather starve in the wilderness accomplishing my purpose than waste away in comfort while the world marches towards darkness without me.”  
Harn said, “the Brethren are certainly fools but I must say they are dedicated fools.  Come, it is time for bed.  We have nothing but time on the morrow in which to mull over such futilities.”
Jaran sighed and surrendered himself to grateful sleep, eager for the light of day that he might learn more of his prison and perhaps discover a way out.  But no escape was evident.  The room had a single window, which looked out on a small, walled garden.  The window had great iron bars across its face to prevent them from breaking out into the garden and the garden itself had very high walls that were unclimbable, and at their top rested cruel iron spikes to keep any from gaining a hand or foothold upon the top of the wall.  They were well fed and provided with any book or amusement that the house might provide.  Occasionally Stern would have one or all three brought forth to amuse him in some way.  Life went on in this tedious fashion for a month and Jaran felt he might burst with frustration but for the strength he found in the Master.  He felt his mount of similar mind, confined as he was to the stables with much energy and nowhere to spend it.  He was never taken out for exercise or use because he would let no one handle him.  
This matter was brought to the attention of Stern, who oversaw even the most minor details in his house.  He had Jaran brought to him and said, “there is a most peculiar horse in my stables, captured the same night as you.  My guards tell me that he is a recalcitrant beast and made a great fuss on the journey hither until you were allowed to ride him.  I have heard strange rumors of the mounts of the Brethren and wish to know if I indeed am in possession of a unicorn?”
Jaran smiled in spite of himself and said, “I am afraid you are correct in guessing his lineage but wrong in your thoughts of possession.  He can be no more ‘yours’ than I or any other thinking creature, less so perhaps for such a noble heart cannot stand captivity without a great cause.  He abides in your stable of his own choice for he will not willingly be sundered from me.”  
Stern said, “how is it that you can claim his allegiance then when I cannot?”  
Jaran replied, “his race was brought into being to serve the Brethren in just such a capacity.  We have given our lives in service to the Master as he and his kin have given their lives into our service.  He serves no man unwillingly and they will not serve one not bound to the Master.  If something happens to me or if I bid him, he will escape or die trying.  It would be very unwise to try doing anything to violate the will of such a noble creature.”  
Stern sighed, “you are most certainly mine.  Your very life lies in my hands!  I may do with you as I please.”  
Jaran shook his head, “you may hold me captive and may end my life on a whim but I am certainly not yours.  I am sworn to the Master and to Him alone do I belong.  You can do nothing to the core of my being, that which is truly me though you may do as you wish with my mortal shell.”
Stern smiled blandly, “you are quite vehement in your metaphysical maunderings I see.  I wonder how the Brethren can be so learned yet not see the folly in their own beliefs?  It is my efforts to preserve the knowledge of humanity that shall benefit the ages to come, not your paltry attempts to ‘save’ the souls of all men.  How do you fare with your roommates?”
Jaran said, “save for you, I have yet to meet any more hardened skeptics.  Why do all men think us fools who believe in naught but a myth?”  
Stern laughed coldly, “is it anything more than wishful thinking and fever dreams?  Yes there are stories of strange happenings, visions, odd gifts, and other such phenomenon but I see nothing miraculous in it, simply something we as yet do not fully understand.  Is not humanity itself varied enough to keep your interest?  Why must you add superstition to the mix and thus distract what otherwise might be enlightened minds?  While I appreciate your efforts to preserve and disseminate wisdom I cannot but think your kind a menace to enlightened society.  Your deliriums certainly did not aid mankind when he fell into self destruction of late or in all the millennia before.”  
Jaran said, “you blame the Brethren for man’s fall into folly?”  
His hosted laughed scornfully, “no, but you certainly did little enough to prevent it.”  
Jaran said grimly, “we can only speak the Truth and fight for justice, it lies in the hearts of all men to decide what they shall do with our words.  I think the world would be a far more horrible place had the Brethren not worked as hard as we have in the past.”  
Stern smiled coldly, “that may be but it is a question no one can answer so instead of debating ‘what ifs’ I think we must discuss your future in this house.  You say your beast will not tolerate any but yourself?  That is a pity, for I would greatly love to possess such a creature.  I shall give you your freedom if you command him to stay with me.”  The man had thought to receive humble thanks but was disappointed and a bit annoyed to be met with laughter.  He growled, “what is so funny?”  
Jaran smiled and said, “I can ask no such thing of him, neither will he agree to your scheme.  He will either leave of his own choice or die trying.  As will I.”  
Stern said, “what if I were to kill you if he did not relent?”  
Jaran shrugged, “you would probably incur his wrath and many would die, including him and likely myself.  He cannot be bought, threatened, or pressured into servitude.”  
Stern said in frustration, “so there is no way to tame the beast?”  
Jaran smiled fondly, “I think it easier to tame the wind.”  
Stern nodded glumly and said, “well if that is all I can expect I do not wish to waste fodder upon him any longer.  Can you ask him to kindly leave?”  Jaran made the request of the noble creature and was met with much resistance but finally he relented, if only to honor his master’s request.  Jaran said, “have your servants open the gates and he will be on his way, though he will not roam far.”  
Stern looked at him in amazement, “the creatures have some sort of telepathic ability?”  
Jaran shook his head, “I do not know what to call it.  They can communicate with one another easily across some distance by thought but can only communicate to their riders if they try to pass meaning along to men, and even then they have a far easier time understanding our thoughts than explaining theirs.”  Stern was quite intrigued but called one of his servants who did immediately as he was bidden though he thought his master mad for such a request.  Who would willingly loose such a valuable animal?
Stern said, “now what of you?  I tire of your tedious preaching and fear you are a bad influence in my house but you have such knowledge that I am loath to lose it.  Will you forsake your vows to save your life?”  
Jaran smiled, “have I not already convinced you of the fallacy of such a thought?  Kill me if you must but I stand firm.”  
Stern shook his head grimly, “perhaps I shall kill you tomorrow then.  I am wearied by this conversation.  Be gone from my presence.”  The guards approached and led the man back to his cell.  His roommates laughed at his dealings with the master of the house, thinking him a fool not to have secured his own release.  
Stern sat long in thought.  He found his work fulfilling and noble but something was certainly lacking in his life and he trembled to think what it might be.  He had wheedled, threatened, and bargained with the man, but Jaran had failed to relent in his unswerving devotion to the Master.  What held such attraction for him?  Who would die for a myth?  The servant returned and reported that the horse had simply walked out of the stable and trotted out of the gates as if he knew exactly what he was about.  Stern was uneasy in his own mind.  There was truth in all the man said yet he dreaded to acknowledge it, for then he could no longer be his own master.  He must rid himself of the man before he gained more influence in his frazzled mind.  It was a pity to kill someone possessed of such wisdom; he would rather burn a library.  He called the guards to him and had them bring his reluctant guest once more.
Stern said to Jaran, “I must either kill you or let you go.  I would hate to lose such wisdom as you seem to possess so I must release you.”  
Jaran gave him an odd look, “why are you suddenly willing to release me?”  
Stern said coldly, “I do not like what your presence does to me.  You make me uneasy in my own mind and that I cannot abide.  You will promptly remove yourself from my premises and be gone.”  
Jaran said, “I will not leave without my two companions in captivity and you must also release any others you hold against their will.  You need also keep your men from committing further banditry and murder.”  
The man’s eyes were wide when he said, “you refuse to leave?  Are you mad?”  
Jaran said, “what is my soul worth if I am willing to run away and leave others in captivity unjustly and not have done my best to free them?”  
Stern put his head in his hands as if he were suffering a sudden headache.  He looked up and rage burned hot in his eyes, “you will not convert me to your paltry beliefs and neither will I release your friends.”  
Jaran shrugged, “then we are at an impasse.”  
Stern said, “I will devise something and you will regret refusing me.”  
Jaran said, “do what you must.”  The guards came again and led him back to his cell.  The others were appalled at his refusal yet again to leave, especially on their behalf!  
Harn said, “why wait around for us?  I would have left.”  
Geryl said, “I do not think you are as wise as Stern thinks you to be.  What fool would remain under such circumstances?  It is not rational or even human!”  
Jaran smiled, “perhaps it is not rational and it certainly springs from a source beyond human comprehension and understanding.”  
Harn yawned, “do not start with your precious Master again.  I am going to bed, though I would not be able to sleep if I were you with Stern’s wrath seemingly upon me.”  
Jaran said, “we shall see what comes of the matter.”  
Geryl shook his head in grim amusement and they all sought their beds.  Stern sat up much of the night wondering what to do with his mad prisoner; his mind would not let him rest.  He must either conclude that the man was mad, a fool, a liar, or that everything he had ever believed was a lie.  He dreaded to think that he was certain the man was neither mad, a fool, or a liar; he certainly would not relent on his own deeply held beliefs.  He must somehow rid himself of the fool before he fell even deeper into his nonsense.  An idea came to him in the depths of the night and he sent his servant out in the pouring rain to bring to him one who might advise him.  An old hag dwelt not far off and was said to dabble in the arcane; who better to help him in his metaphysical dilemma?  She was not happy to be so fetched but she dared not defy the man who had summoned her.  She made her soggy bow and he smiled grimly, what was perhaps a hint of madness glimmered in his eyes.
He said, “I have in my possession a man claiming to be one of the Brethren.  He has twice declined to leave when given the chance for he claimed the circumstances that would result in his release were untenable to him.  My mind teeters on the brink of destruction and I need someone of a more spiritual understanding to explain things to me.”  
She said, “my lord, I am honored that you think me suited to this purpose but I am not of a spiritual persuasion.”  
He looked at her in surprise, “you have strange abilities and it is said you draw such power from some dark source.”  
She nodded, “yes but I do not try to learn more of that source than what is needed for my own purposes.”  
His shoulders slumped, “can you put some spell upon this man that he then might relent?”  
She shook her head, “my dark magics will have little or no effect upon him.  Why not just kill him if he causes you such pain?”  
Stern said in near despair, “for I must see him proved wrong or at least well out of my company ere I go mad.  He challenges everything I have ever believed in and I will not stand for it.  If I killed him it would simply reaffirm his deepest beliefs and drive me mad with wondering that he might be right.”
She smiled thoughtfully and said, “if you can prove him wrong or make him deny his vows then you would have no more use for his beliefs?”  
Stern nodded eagerly, “it is the only way to vindicate my ravaged mind.  If I send him away at least he will be far from my thoughts but I fear they might still torment me in the lonely hours of the night when naught else is distracting me.  Either he or I must bend.”  
She said, “you are unwilling to affirm the Master, but what of his nameless nemesis?”  
Stern said, “I am willing to do anything but agree that there might be such a being as the Master.  I could more easily believe in the Nameless One than his enemy.”  
She smiled coldly, “then perhaps I can help you.  There is one of my acquaintance who knows much of such a being and perhaps he can aid you.”  Stern nodded desperately, wishing any alternative but that which gnawed relentlessly at his mind.  The woman left quickly and returned as the sun was rising with the man so mentioned.  
He was not happy to be so disturbed but the prospect was intriguing.  A man of Stern’s power, intellect, and influence would certainly make a pleasing addition to the Brotherhood of the Serpent, the vile twin of the Brethren whose members were sworn to the Evil One and were possessed of many dark and vile powers.  He bowed deeply to his host and said, “I hear you have some trouble with the Brethren?  How may I be of service?”
Stern had not slept and was slowly giving in to the yearnings of his heart thus was he quite indebted to the dark stranger for the respite from his own weary thoughts.  Stern said almost gaily, “I am in desperate need of your help.  I will not avow the Master, for I am not a man prone to superstition, yet one of the Brethren is captive in my house and he greatly troubles my mind.  I find myself falling prey to his insanity and must soon submit to something greater than myself but I will not be a slave to the Master!”  
All others were quickly cleared from the room that they might speak alone.  The dark man held forth, causing Stern much unease about what he heard, but he was even more appalled at the effects Jaran was having upon him.  Stern finally said after their discussion, “I have been my own master for so long, how can you think I should submit to your dark master any more than to the Master himself?  I wish only to remain in my house and do as I wish.  Neither do I wish to kill the man for that only affirms what he believes.  If the Brethren are considered innocent blood by your precious master does that not imply the Master himself has done something to accomplish this end?  Thus I find myself again in the same predicament as before save enslaved to your dark master.  I cannot abide any of this!  Be gone.”  The dark man, unhappy with Stern’s response, used his dark powers to gain a hold on Stern’s mind and told him what it was that he would be doing in the next few days.  If he could not have a willing servant he would have an unwilling slave whom he would replace and assume his influential place.

Morning came and the three captives were rudely awakened and marched from their cell.  They stood before Stern wondering what was brewing.  The man seemed half asleep as he said, “as requested by our valiant friend, I will be releasing his two compatriots but to accomplish this he must agree to do whatever shall be asked of him; if he refuses, all three of you shall die.”  While this was being said, Jaran eyed the dark man in the corner with interest.  A repulsive cloud seemed to have draped itself about the man but no one but Jaran seemed to sense it.  Stern turned his attention to Jaran and said, “well?”  
Jaran said, “I will not agree to anything unless I know what it is that is asked of me.”  
Stern said, “you wish these men to die because you are too cowardly to face the unknown?”  
Jaran shook his head, “you might perhaps ask me to do something that would break my Oath and to that I cannot agree.  You are the one who threatens our lives and thus their blood will be on your head.”  
Stern said without emotion, “you will either do this thing or I will have you killed immediately.”  
Harn and Geryl looked quite uneasy about such a prospect and quietly argued with Jaran.  Harn said, “you would not leave if it meant abandoning us, why now do you balk at doing some small task if it means our lives will be spared?”  
Jaran said, “if it were only a small task he would not be so secretive.  He wishes to test whether I would deny the Master to spare your lives.  It is a terrible thing he asks but I fear all our lives must be forfeit for I will not relent.”  
Geryl nearly cried, “but why will you not repent of your silly vow if it will buy us our lives?”
Jaran said sadly, “it is not a silly vow but the very core of my being.  I will not do such a thing simply to save your lives, perhaps to ransom your souls, but that is not something within my power.  I suggest you seek the Master while time yet remains if you have any regard for your souls.”  They stared at him as if he were mad, for they denied that men even had souls and could not understand how a promise could be of more value than their lives; they failed to realize that such an act would not only violate Jaran’s Oath but might well cost him his soul as well.  
Stern said grimly, “have these fools convinced you of your own selfish folly?  Do you all die or will you complete one simple task and spare their lives?”  
Jaran said, “and what is this ‘simple task’ as it were?”  
Stern growled, “that you must discover after the bargain is struck.”  
Jaran smiled grimly, “then you had best be done with all of us for I will not relent.”  
Stern slumped in his chair like a spent puppet and the dark man approached, “I had not thought it would come to this but it seems I underestimated you.  The Brethren are certainly predictable but perhaps we have much yet to learn about them.  Your words have troubled this man deeply yet he is loath to seek out that which you profess.  He even went so far as to look into powers dark and terrible, but neither was he willing to submit himself to them either.  He is an utter fool, as are you, but at least you have some gumption.”  
He turned to Harn and Geryl, “I hear the pair of you is quite adverse to the Master and I have noticed you are willing to do just about anything to save your own lives.  Will you do something for me if I promise to let you live?”
They fell on their knees before him with tears in their eyes and said, “anything you ask of us we shall do, just let us live.”  
The dark man turned cruel eyes upon Jaran, “this man would not do one simple task to spare your lives and now I shall give you the chance to repay his heartlessness.  Kill him and serve me with all your being and you shall know what it is to live.”  They turned wretched eyes upon Jaran but hunger also sparkled therein.  
Harn said, “it seems a fair exchange to repay the favor.  What of Stern?”  
The dark man smiled grimly, “he is naught but a puppet and when I have finished with this fool then I shall deal with him.  I offered him this chance and he refused me.  Now he is nothing more than a slave.” 
Geryl said, “what will come of us after we have done as you ask?”  
The dark man smiled, “you will do as you are told and gain much power in the process.”  
Harn said, “what if we do not wish to serve you?”  
The dark man scowled, “would you rather die?”  
Harn paled, “I suppose the choice is obvious.”  
The dark man smiled and somehow wakened Stern enough that he might fetch the guards and take Jaran back to his cell until preparations could be made.  Stern returned to his chair and slumped there unknowingly.  Harn and Geryl soon learned what it was to which they would be committing their lives.  They still did not believe in such a thing as a soul but would rather be in this predicament than dead.  Jaran sat alone in his room, wondering what to do.  He was certain he would not survive long if he remained where he was but how to get out?  He felt his unicorn nearby and tried to explain his predicament.  The creature tried to comfort his master but neither had much hope of escaping this situation.  
Darkness gathered, as did a storm with it.  The sinister man was quite pleased, as it was perfect weather for what he intended.  He had the guards fetch Jaran and again he was rendered unconscious and bound hand and foot.  They dumped him in the back of a wagon and they left the manor quickly behind.  Harn, Geryl, and the dark man went alone into the forest to seal the bargain, with Jaran’s blood, that would bind them to the Dark One and thus give them powers unthinkable.  Stern was left at home in a daze.  The guards and servants easily fell under the dark man’s influence and now acknowledged him as lord and master, Stern was all but forgotten.  
They stopped the wagon in a lonely clearing and the sinister man said, “are you ready?”  Lightning flashed overhead and the terrified but eager faces of the two acolytes nodded.  Suddenly the snap of bowstrings sang in the night but the sound was lost in the thunder.  Three unicorns glowed in the gloom; two carried cloaked riders.  More concerned about their lives than the ritual, Harn and Geryl fled into the night.  Afraid of losing his minions permanently, the dark man leapt from the wagon with a snarl of rage, in quick pursuit of the fugitives, even as the horses panicked and fled with the wagon bumping and rattling behind them, inducing further panic.  The dark man routed his fleeing apprentices, and they retreated to the great house, which the guards held against any attempt by the Brethren who might pursue.
Jaran was just coming awake when the villains began to lean over him and leer.  Suddenly they fled into the night and the wagon went careening wildly into the dark.  The unicorns veiled their terrible beauty and pursued the runaway wagon.  Finally they were able to stop the fled vehicle and Jaran felt the joy of his mount as he leaned his head into the wagon bed and nuzzled him eagerly.  Nalin and Palir then set about freeing their bound comrade once the unicorn was content with his greeting.  They quickly mounted and vanished into the night lest pursuit come upon them.  Jaran said joyfully, “and how did the pair of you miraculously find me?”  
Nalin smiled at his old friend and said, “you have a rather anxious friend that brought us hither though he was not certain we would arrive in time.  What is happening in this stretch of nowhere?”  
Jaran quickly told his tale and the others looked grim.  They did not like the sound of the dark man nor the thought of those eager to join him.  They must each return to their previous assignments but this strange villain would bear watching.  The dark man however was not content to remain when he knew the Brethren knew where he was.  Stern handily vanished, the dark man collected everything of value, and vanished with Harn and Geryl ere the Brethren could raise a force to come against him.  The Brotherhood had been quite effective in their efforts to promulgate war, and they could not let their victory end now.  They had much work to do if the decline of humanity was to continue unabated into utter darkness.


Chapter 3

Nalin was glad he could aid his friend, contact with his comrades had been scant in the years since Astoria was abandoned, but ever hope dwelt deep within that any day the Master might again raise up one who would unite and lead the Brethren.  Until then they must continue on in their age-old task and not lose hope.  After the rescue they made a hasty retreat; Jaran tried to find help to investigate the mysterious old house but by the time he found willing allies the place was abandoned with no signs as to where the occupants had fled.  He abandoned the structure and returned to his former occupation.  There were several members of the Warrior sect abroad in the Wilds chasing evil things back into the north and keeping bandits at bay, but they seldom saw one another, as it was a vast area in which to try and maintain some semblance of order.
It was a joy even for a few hours to again see his comrades but they could not tarry lest they neglect their duties.  It was an uneasy thing to contemplate just who these dark men were and what they intended to accomplish in their dealings with Jaran.  At least they had arrived in time to help.  Nalin turned his thoughts back to more pressing matters and rode deeper into the wilderness.  Several days brought him back into the area where he had been tracking down a gang of bandits and he again picked up their trail.  He hoped to somehow infiltrate the group and dismantle it from within, for there was no help to be found without: he was alone in his ambitions and if it were to succeed, he would have to find a way to do it by himself.
He was successful in his attempt to infiltrate the bandit band; the harder task would be to get out alive.  He could maintain the charade until something was asked of him that might break Oath.  While with the villains, he could not kill, steal, lie, or do anything else that might injure an innocent bystander, which made it rather difficult to be seen as a proficient bandit, but it was the only way he could see of ending the threat.  The fiends began to move south out of their retreat in the wild north towards the more populated countries that had survived this time of upheaval.  Once they had raided their fill, they would again withdraw into the north for a time and then descend again upon civilization when they felt the need, thus escaping the justice that might be meted out by a national government.
They were on the northern borders of Perth, preparing for the morrow’s raid on a nearby village, when the scouts returned with word of a small merchant caravan not far to the east.  The bandit king told off half his men to look into the matter, Nalin included.  He had been with the bandits for a month and this was their first raid during his tenure.  He could not let them fall upon the merchants and kill at will, the time had finally come: he had to do something.  He just hoped he was up to facing five armed men.  There were only two wagons and four people in the caravan, they could easily kill the men and then discover what treasures the wagons held.  The bandits gathered in the woods verging on the overgrown trail the merchants would be traveling, their bows at the ready.
The steady approach of hooves and the rumble of wagon wheels was heard and the bandits tensed to strike.  Nalin loosed an arrow and felled one bandit, drew back once more and felled another before they realized the traitor in their midst.  The three survivors dropped their bows and bared their swords to fall upon their treacherous companion.  The unicorn revealed his true form and their horses went mad, flinging their riders, who foolishly chose to confront the traitor afoot.  Between the unicorn and Nalin’s sword they made short work of the three surviving bandits.  The traders had heard the commotion and wisely chose to turn their wagons and retreat the way they had come.  Nalin turned his mount and rode back towards the bandit camp to finish the rest of the band.  It would not look good if he were the only survivor, thus it must end now.  Unbeknownst to Nalin, a scout from the bandit camp had followed and saw everything.  The scout rode swiftly back to inform the others of the traitor amongst them.  
Nalin had thought to ambush the camp, thus while he was preparing for his assault, the scout rode in and made his report which drove the bandits into a maddened frenzy, as if someone had stirred a human ant hill.  They grabbed their swords and ran at the man, who had thought himself hidden in the woods.  He gave up his pretense of hiding and sent several arrows into the onrushing men but still had to deal with five armed men.  They fought desperately and managed to fell three of the bandits, but the bandit king and the scout were yet uninjured while Nalin had taken several grievous wounds and was faint with injury and loss of blood.  The unicorn knew his master’s grave condition and quickly abandoned the fight, leaving the two survivors to give chase or flee as they would.  Nalin was in no condition to think and just hung on as his friend ran.
A thick mist carpeted the world as the sun’s first light cast everything into glorious gold.  Nalin could cling to the unicorn’s back no longer and fell unmoving to the ground.  The unicorn nuzzled him in concern and whinnied loudly.  They were in the midst of a village, the very village the bandits had thought to raid this day.  The creature’s fuss brought out several early risers to see what all the commotion was about.  They saw the prone man lying at the feet of a seeming horse and quickly roused the village.  In nightcaps and dressing gowns they came out of their houses to gawk at the man who might well have saved their lives.  He was roughly clad, as one might expect of a man posing as a bandit; his clothes were very nearly tattered rags and blood had soaked through in many places.  The unicorn whickered pleadingly but the villagefolk simply stood staring with some consternation at the stranger.  
Said one man, “look at his garb, he must be a bandit or perhaps something worse!”  
“Certainly,” said his wife, “how else would he come by such wounds save in some devious deed?”  
A shrill woman said, “he certainly has nerve to wake us at such an hour and give us the trouble of burying him besides!  Why could he not have done the decent thing and died quietly in the woods?”  
An older man said, “he must certainly be a fiend to be worthy of such injury.  This is certainly the Master’s justice if I have ever seen it.  Who would help such a fellow?  We might very well bring the Master’s wrath upon ourselves for interfering.  What if the scoundrel recovers and commits some terrible crime in thanks for our ministrations?”
At this sensible thought most of the village nodded their grim agreement and looked upon the stricken man with even more disgust and felt themselves quite injured by his trespass upon their village.  “What is to be done then?” asked a woman, breathless with fear.  
The older man said, “I think we had best drag him to the edge of the woods and let him die if he will.”  
His wife made a disgusted face and said, “I do not want a corpse rotting on the edge of town!  Let us leave him here until he dies and then someone had best bury him somewhere where it will not be a problem.”  
The man sighed and said, “I fear you have the right of it my dear, but it pains me to ask honest men to bear such a burden.”  
“I will tend him,” said a soft and timid voice.  
All eyes turned to glare upon the one who had dared disagree with the village consensus.  “What?” asked the older man, “You can hardly feed that wretched child of yours.  What can you do for such a man?  Perhaps he is some coconspirator in your evil dabbling?”  
The woman sighed and said, “the man is gravely injured, perhaps dying and all you can do is feel yourselves put upon by his temerity for dying in the midst of your village?  I can do little for him but at least I can tend his wounds and give him a bed to die in rather than dying alone in the open.  Besides, it will save you the trouble of bothering with him.  I need a little help moving him to my cottage and then I and he shall trouble you no longer.”  
The old man sighed and his wife scowled, but he said, “at least it will save us some trouble but you had best not be up to anything woman or you will regret interfering.”  He nodded to two strong youths and they quickly lifted the man and carried him towards the edge of the village and the woman’s pathetic excuse for a house.
They placed him on the mat the woman usually slept upon while a scrawny boy watched from the only bed.  As soon as their burden was deposited they quickly made their retreat, not wanting to linger in the habitations of a known witch.  The woman set water to boil and rummaged through her small supply of medicinal herbs.  She then set to work inspecting and cleansing his wounds.  The unicorn had disappeared during the discussion and reappeared at the woman’s window.  She smiled sadly at the forgotten beast and tried to offer him comfort though he seemed nothing but a horse, but she had little of comfort to offer him as the wounds were grave and he had lost much blood.  She did what she could for him and then sat watching, hoping he might awaken and tell his story.  
She had not long to wait and he roused enough to take in his situation and said gratefully, “thank you for taking in a stranger.  I was awake enough to hear what the villagers said and hoped myself delirious.  How can people have such hearts?  And it grieved my heart the more to hear them speak of the Master so.”  
She smiled sadly and would not respond until he had taken some water and a foul tasting herbal concoction.  Then she said, “they pride themselves on believing in the Master and abiding by His Laws, but I do not know how they accomplish such a thing without exercising love and compassion.”
Nalin looked at her curiously and she continued, “they have a long list of things that they cannot do lest it displease the Master and they hold their conception of Him in high regard, but they have no compassion for anyone outside their own village or those they see as beneath them, namely those who do not think as they do of the Master, be they saint or reprobate.”  
Gaining a little strength, Nalin glanced about the hovel and at his host and her child.  The child lay in the only bed, wasting away from some slow disease and occasionally giving a rasping cough, but his eyes were curious and he watched intently.  He smiled shyly when Nalin met his eye and returned the gesture in kind.  The woman was not yet forty but her shoulders were bent and her hands knotted and gnarled with pain and arthritis.  Her face and eyes showed much grief and hard wear but hope sparkled in their depths.  He sat in a terrible example of a human habitation yet felt himself waited upon by a veritable Queen.  
Nalin said, “what of you lady, who takes such pains to nurse a stranger?”  
She bowed her head for a moment and then shyly met his gaze, much like her son, and said, “I have very little but what I have I use to help those less fortunate than myself, for is not that what the Master would have us do?  I know little of His teaching or ways but I cannot fathom that the villagers have the right of it.  I am a widow and sold my husband’s land, as I was unable to work it, but I thought perhaps to make my living spinning or setting my hand to some other task but alas, I can now hardly do more than tend a few chickens and goats once the arthritis set in.  My poor child has been bedridden for months now and each day grows weaker with some condition of the lungs.  Soon it will be only I and with no way to make a living.  The proceeds from my husband’s lands are all we have to live on and that is nearly spent.  We will not make another winter but what I have is yours, if you have need of it.”
Nalin tried to lift himself to a sitting position but failed.  Weakly he took one gnarled hand in his and kissed it gently saying, “lady, you know more of the Master and His ways than many who think themselves learned.  You are a true lady and it is my honor to be in your presence.  I only wish there was some small way to repay your kindness, for you need no more burdens upon you.  The Master could ask for no truer servant who is willing to share even what small portion she does have with a stranger and loves Him still, though all the world seems against her.  How could the villagers blaspheme you so by saying you are a dabbler in evil?”  
She smiled sadly and said, “I am a widow who lives alone on the edge of town, a stranger here of necessity.  They see I occasionally help the strangers who pass through when they would turn them out in the cold, this alone is enough to garner their wrath.  But neither do I fear confronting them on their reprehensible treatment of their fellow men and their strange ideas of their so-called master.  This is enough to earn me a reputation as a dabbler in evil.  They also see my plight as punishment for some sin and thus they will not even lend me a crust of bread to feed my desperate child.  They think my punishment is justly deserved and that if they interfere they will bring the Master’s wrath upon themselves, much as they did in fearing to help you.”  
Nalin shook his head sadly, “I do not know why some are made to suffer more than others but I think I would rather dwell with you in your sorrow than live as a king among such folk!”
She smiled and said, “it gladdens my heart to hear that I am not alone in thinking their opinion of the Master somewhat frightening.  I did not grow up with such teachings and have had no one of like mind to offer me reassurance in the midst of such heresy.  I have had to walk by faith alone but thankfully the Master has not forsaken me in my years of need and sorrow.  I yet have the strength and hope to go on.  They are then not right in their thinking?  It would cheer my heart to hear you speak on the matter.”  
Nalin smiled sadly and said, “perhaps they would be better disbelieving in the Master or never having known Him at all?  Their conception is nothing but a myth in which they take much pride and by which they define themselves but they are no servants of the Master!”  
She gasped, “how could it be better that they knew Him not at all?”  
He said, “they do not know Him even though they think they do, which is the tragedy.  One in rebellion or a skeptic would have an easier time of seeing the truth because they have not devised what they think is the truth in the matter and need to be dissuaded of that before they can believe.  We to them are the heretics, thus is the tragedy.”  
The woman said, “is it not enough they believe in His existence?”  
He sighed, “even the Nameless One must confess the Master exists.  The Master demands more than an intellectual acknowledgement if we are to serve Him.”  
She said, “but do they not keep His laws?”  
Nalin laughed grimly and winced for the pain and said, “they have a list of things they cannot do.  Abiding by such a list does not please the Master, for our first duty as His children is to love others.  Without that all else is vain.  But if we love others and also abide by His laws then we are truly His servants.”
She smiled sadly and said, “I thank you for your wisdom and encouragement, it has more than repaid my efforts on your behalf though I would never ask such a thing of you.”  
He smiled and said, “I know fair lady but I am happy to know that I have served you as you have served me.”  
She sobered and said, “I do not think you will survive.”  
He nodded but did not seem overly sad, “I know my wounds are grievous and my hours few, but I am glad in knowing my last hours have not been wasted.  Take comfort in the Master and His strength.”  
She asked, “can it be that you are one of the Brethren?  It is said none else can be as fearless in the face of death and I know none so wise.”  
He smiled, “anyone in the Master’s keeping should not fear death or what comes after.  But yes, I am of the Brethren.”  
She laughed then and said, “they took you for some murderous renegade and here you are the dearest servant of the one they claim to worship.”  
He smiled, “we must forgive them a bit, for I certainly look a proper renegade.  The greater sadness is that I earned my wounds in their defense.  We dismantled the bandit gang that would have fallen upon them this very day.”  
She put her hands to her mouth in surprise as unbidden tears came to her eyes, she said, “what is to be done?  This situation is too terrible to even consider.  You gave your life for theirs and they would not even offer you a drink of water or a sheltered place to die!  Is there no hope?”  
He said weakly, “there is always hope.  You must never give up in your efforts to turn their hearts to the Master that He may renew their hearts of stone.  Perhaps you can use this unfortunate situation to that end.”  He then seemed to fade before her eyes and lay back weakly, saying, “weep not lady, you have done me much good and one day we will meet again.”  He trailed off and was lost to an uneasy sleep.  
She looked upon him with much grief but strangely hopeful.  She glanced to the window to see if the horse still lingered there but saw him instead coming in the open door.  She rose swiftly to chase him from the room, but he ignored her and stared wretchedly at his master.  Nalin had forbade him from interfering while they ran but now he was beyond comment.  He glanced at both the woman and her stricken child and nodded to himself.  Suddenly it was a unicorn that stood in their midst, filling half the house.  The child shrieked for joy, which was followed by a terrible fit of coughing.
The woman fell at the stallion’s feet in amazement and terror and joy.  She had never seen anything so wonderful or terrible and wondered what it must be like to stand before the Master if His mortal image was this frightening and beautiful to behold.  He turned his head towards the bed and stared significantly at the child and then back to the woman and back again until she understood that she was to take the boy in her arms.  She did as the creature bid her and then he herded her gently with his head towards the mat upon which the dying man lay.  Utterly confused but too terrified to argue, she held the boy and sat beside Nalin.
The great beast lay down and put his great head upon his master’s chest.  He then looked at the woman and boy until they reached out to touch his silky coat.  He whickered in approval and lay his head once more on Nalin’s chest.  Then he vanished.  Nalin sat bolt upright and looked around in horrified grief.  He lay back down and wept for a time, but finally regained his composure and looked to the astonished woman.  She was not sure what had just happened but she was sure it must be a miracle, for not only was her crippling disease gone but the boy was again a robust and vital child rather than the shriveling husk he had become of late.  
Once the man’s weeping subsided, she asked hesitantly but joy was ill contained in her voice, “what happened?”  
Nalin came to himself and smiled sadly saying, “the most precious gift a unicorn can bestow upon a man is to trade his life for ours.  I had forbidden him from exercising that particular skill while consciousness remained to me but he would not be gainsaid in the matter.  But his sacrifice gave life to three instead of just one as usually happens.  We are all three of us fully healed.”  A look of grief for the great-hearted creature’s sacrifice and utter joy for the healing of them all fought to cover her face and joy won out.  At the look of pure joy on her face, the grief in Nalin’s heart subsided a bit and he knew it had been for the best, no matter how much he would miss his dearest friend.  
“How touching,” sneered a voice from the door, “it seems the heathens have healed themselves.  What curse would have befallen us had we interfered?  What is to keep us from hanging you for a witch, hag?”
Nalin was on his feet and his hand rested on his sword hilt, “have you any idea the misery with which this poor woman has wrestled for so long while the entire village turned a blind eye?  This very morning you came upon a dying man and found no pity in your terrible hearts!  Now the greatest sacrifice one sapient creature can give to another has been bestowed and all you can do is profane and mock the Master you claim to serve?”  
The mean looking boy scoffed, “and what would you know of the Master heretic?  You would only lie to us and lead us astray!  You are in on some terrible plot with the hag and I will not stand by and let you get away with it.”  He then ran off to rouse the village.  
Nalin turned to the widow and said, “your folk will not be pleased with this turn of events but I will protect you if I can.  Fear them not.  I do not think the Master would see us healed only to have us fall to the likes of them, take heart!”  
She smiled and said, “perhaps you had best change before confronting the villagers; they will not take you seriously garbed in bloody rags as you are.”  
He smiled ruefully and began rummaging in his saddlebags until he found a change of clothes.  She and the boy went outside that he might have some privacy and to await the coming of the storm.  He followed not long after and emerged from the hut just in time to welcome the enraged throng.  The older man, who was the village mayor, said, “what is the meaning of this?  How can you come into our village on the brink of death and now stand before us quite healed?  It is some trick of the Enemy and I will not stand for it.”
Nalin sighed, “you took me for a thief and a scalawag but I am neither.  I am a servant of the Master and earned my wounds destroying those that thought to destroy you.  I thought to die of my wounds but my dearest friend would not hear of it and gave his life to spare mine.”  
The man scoffed, “and which friend pray tell, has this uncouth ability?  You are no servant of the Master but of the Nameless One!”  The widow gasped at his temerity but the villagers mumbled in righteous indignation and full agreement.  
Nalin did not seem impressed and said, “I am no servant of the master you serve but of the true Master, as He really is, not your false conception of Him.  I am one of the Brethren and it was a unicorn that gave his life for mine and healed this dear lady and her son in the process.”  
His comments angered the villagers greatly and the mayor sneered, “the Brethren are all but extinct!  Even in this far-flung village we have heard that the Lady is dead and Astoria abandoned.  Who are you to claim such an allegiance?”  
Nalin smiled, “who are you to deny it?  It was not I that left a widow to starve and an injured man to die alone.  The Brethren are scattered and Astoria empty, but one day perhaps it will not be so and we hold hope for that day, but ever do we trust and serve the Master.”
“Do not listen to him!” sneered a new voice.  The villagers gasped as two men, as roughly garbed as Nalin, sauntered into the village.  It seemed the bandits would keep their appointment even though there were but two of them yet drawing breath.  Continued the bandit king, “he is naught but a thief, a liar, and a traitor.  He killed nearly ten men yesterday and I wonder that he has not died of his wounds.  There is certainly some witchery at work here.”  The bandit king dearly wanted revenge on the traitor and would say anything to see it achieved, especially if it meant his being torn to shreds by an enraged mob that thought it was doing the Master’s will in destroying one of his servants.  
Nalin drew his sword, “and I shall finish the job I was forced to abandon.”  
The mayor said, “you do not deny killing those men?  You would even now kill these two before our very eyes?”  
Nalin smiled grimly, “these fine gentlemen are bandits, murderers and thieves who meant to fall upon this village this very day.  Had it not been for my intervention you all might have died in your beds.  They are guilty of murder and banditry and must face justice.  They may surrender but I do not think they will so submit.”  
The bandit king laughed scornfully, “do I look like a fool?  Of course we will not surrender but it is you that must face justice.  We simply came to warn these poor folk of the danger about to befall them with you in their midst.  You are something more terrible than any man has a right to be and we are come to see your evil ended.”
The mayor and villagers were not prone to side with strangers but they disliked Nalin and the widow and were flattered by the bandit’s seeming defense of themselves, thus were they positively inclined to his words.  The villagers nodded approvingly at his words and began to murmur about seeing justice done.  Nalin felt the tension growing and feared for the widow and her son lest they be caught up in whatever madness might result and said, “it seems we are at an impasse.  I claim these men to be bandits.  They claim me to be some evildoer worse than that.  The villagers feel the same.  Lest things happen in haste and anger that we all might rue, I ask for an objective trial with an outside judge.”  
No one had expected this and the Mayor said in irritation, “we are quite capable of handling this little matter ourselves.”  
The bandit king said, “and why should we give in to the whims of a scoundrel such as you?”  
Nalin smiled, “justice demands a fair trial and none here is objective in this matter thus we must apply to a greater authority to see justice done, that is if you claim to abide by the Common Law and the laws of Perth?”  The villagers did not look happy and the bandits were certainly not pleased, but the villagers prided themselves on their adherence to the letter of the law and could not gainsay the man.  The bandits were trapped in a pit of their own making.  
The mayor sighed, “how are we to have a fair trial if none in this village can administer one?”  
Nalin said, “you must either apply to the local or national authorities or one of the Brethren.”  
The mayor did not look happy, “we are something of an independent village, for our lord’s house collapsed in the chaos and no one has risen to take his place.  The Brethren no longer exist and I fear that as you claim them as allies, you will just find us some other rebel instead to make more trouble.  We must then apply to the King or his magistrates.”
Nalin sighed, “I do not like wasting the time but it must be done as it must.”  
The mayor asked, “wasting time?  What else would you be doing?”  
Nalin said grimly, “I am supposed to be chasing fell things out of civilized lands and keeping lawless men from overrunning the Wilds; what do you think it was that brought me into company with these scoundrels?”  
The mayor scoffed, “a likely story and it is not I but the King’s officials you must convince in this matter.  What of the witch?”  
Nalin said, “has this poor woman truly done anything to harm you or yours or to earn your enmity?  Leave her out of this.  Content yourselves with me and let her alone for she has suffered enough.”  
The Mayor growled, “I would like to hang the lot of you but I suppose she can be spared if she promises to leave the village and never return.”  
The woman looked desperately at Nalin and he smiled gently, “fear not lady but trust ever in the Master as you have always done.  You are well again and able to earn a living for yourself and the child.  Move on to a place more hospitable and welcoming.  All shall be well!”  She smiled gratefully and withdrew into her house to begin the tedious business of packing.  The villagers grumbled but were contented to know she would not be troubling their village ever again and looked with anticipation to what might be done with the stranger.
“Now,” said the mayor, “we had best begin preparations for the journey to the capital.  We could send word, but the King would not bother sending an emissary for such a paltry reason that we should be able to handle ourselves.  Bind the prisoner!”  
Nalin then drew his sword and said, “I will come with you willingly but I will not allow myself to be bound, especially when traveling in company with these reprobates.”  None of the villagers looked eager to press the issue with a man who knew the use of a sword and let the matter be.  Nalin continued, “I also request that our most honorable bandits not be allowed to go armed.”  
The bandit king was about to say something but then relented, knowing Nalin could easily best him in a swordfight and that refusing might imply guilt.  He instead said, “why can the prisoner go armed while we may not?”  
The mayor looked glum, “we shall travel in a well armed company so you need not fear the stranger but none of us are willing to risk gainsaying him.  We also do not like traveling with armed strangers.  If you want to come you must do as he says.”  
The bandit growled, “I will see him dead and my friends avenged if it is the last thing I do.”  He and the scout handed over their swords and gave Nalin a malicious look.  The bandits knew what they risked by appearing at such a trial but figured the man would hunt them down if he managed to get loose anyway; they also wanted revenge for his treachery.  They would see him dead, especially if it required a little treachery of their own.  The ten village men who would ride in company with the three scoundrels quickly set about preparing for the journey.  
Nalin helped the widow finish packing her scant belongings in a handcart and bid her farewell as she set off south looking for more hospitable climes.  The boy followed chasing their few goats, a great smile on his face.  The village folk watched in astonishment but said nothing.  The mayor sneered, “what happened to your horse?  I see you have tack and saddlebags but your mount must have run off and we have none to spare.”  
Nalin sighed, “I told you a unicorn traded his life for mine, what do you think the Brethren ride?”
The man smirked as if Nalin had made a joke.  The bandits sat their saddles and sneered at the man afoot, knowing full well the terrible truth of his words as the beast had killed a number of their friends.  Suddenly a mousy gelding wandered out of the woods and walked up to Nalin, nuzzling him gently.  Unbidden tears came to Nalin’s eyes as he remembered his friend’s sacrifice and gratefully accepted the companionship of the noble creature that stood before him.  The villagers gawked, thinking it yet more witchery but said nothing.  Nalin tacked up the creature and swung into the saddle.  The sun was low on the horizon but the mayor wanted to leave today and no one wanted to argue.  They wanted to be rid of the terrible sorcerer, as they thought Nalin, as soon as possible.  Nalin shook his head ruefully at their confusion and set off with the rest of the company.  The armed villagers watched Nalin carefully and Nalin watched the bandits like a hawk.  They made a few miles before the light failed and they were forced to make an uneasy camp.
The villagers did all the camp chores and took turns standing watch.  They kept away from Nalin but the Mayor seemed to be getting friendly with the bandits.  The uneasy party traveled uneventfully for several days until they finally came within sight of the capital city of Perth.  Perth had been hit hard by the wars and the plagues, as had all the lands of men, but the city itself was still well-peopled and some of the amenities of civilization were still to be found here even among the commonfolk.  The outlying villages and lords had a harder time of things but all were determined to become again what they once were.  The guards at the city gates stopped them, not liking the idea of so many armed men abroad in the city.  When asked their business the mayor stuttered, trying to look important, “we have in our midst a fell criminal accused of banditry, murder, treason, sorcery, and any other vile deed you see fit to imagine.”  
The guards seemed amused by his recitation and looked over the group, looking for the criminal and thought perhaps the two bandits fit that description well enough and asked why they were not bound.  The mayor paled and said, “those gentlemen are neither of them the scoundrel of which I spoke.”  Here he pointed at Nalin, who smiled in amusement as the mayor had to explain why such a sinister man should go about unbound and armed.  The guards could not help but be amused by these backwater fools and warned them severely not to try the patience of the king.  They did however ask that all leave their weapons in the guardhouse and four of the guardsmen were sent to accompany the party.  They had hoped that some of the villagers might remain in the city but all wanted to see what came of the sorcerer and none would relent thus the whole party paid their respects at the castle gates.
“Yes?” asked the grizzled captain standing guard.  The guards quickly explained the fiasco and he scoffed, “all of your lives are forfeit if this turns out to be nothing but folly!”  
The mayor paled but said, “this is no small matter sir and we are loath to let such a scoundrel free to continue wreaking havoc upon the king’s innocent citizenry.”  
The captain sighed but sent a man running to inform the appropriate authorities.  After a half day’s wait, the man returned with this message, “his Majesty the King does not usually bow to such requests without a six month notice at least, but to entertain the court and maintain peace within the bounds of Perth your case shall be heard tomorrow precisely at noon and if this is found to be a waste of his Majesty’s time all will face execution.”  The villagers paled but seemed determined in their efforts and the mayor nodded curtly.  
The captain asked, “what is to be done with the prisoner overnight?”  
Nalin said, “I will submit to the authority of the guards if the two I have accused of banditry are also so treated else I will spend the night in the city.”  
The bandit king scowled and said, “and why should we deign to such treatment?  We are no criminals.”  
Nalin smiled, “I have not rightfully been accused of any true crime but I am willing to abide by such strictures.  I have justly accused you and thus you have more reason to submit to authority.  I only ask because I do not trust you abroad in the city.”  
The mayor said to the bandits, “why not just do this one thing and tomorrow will be the end of the matter.  Besides, if you are innocent as you say what do you have to fear?  Afterwards you shall return to the village with us and we will welcome you as friends and confidants.  We would be honored to call you brothers!”  Nalin’s jaw dropped at such a strange pronouncement on the part of the mayor, brothers?!
The bandits submitted and the three were led to the dungeons to await the morning.  The bandits entertained themselves much by hassling Nalin but he heeded them not.  Morning finally came and the three prisoners were led to the King’s grand audience chamber that all the court might be entertained.  He thought the whole thing preposterous and thus the perfect thing to distract the court from their various plots and intrigues, if only for a day.  On the tribunal would sit the king, an aged lord, a renowned general, the head lawyer, and a refined looking man in his fading years.  The lawyer would be on the floor conducting the trial.  Once everyone was seated, with the court looking avidly on, he began, “which of these men stand accused and what are the charges?”  
The mayor stood, looking very nervous, and said, “my entire village and these two fine fellows accuse this man of banditry, murder, treason, and every conceivable evil, most especially sorcery and meddling with dark powers beyond human comprehension.”  The court and tribunal seemed quite impressed with the charges and decided it might be an interesting day after all.  
Nalin then stood, causing several of the guards present to go for their swords, but they relaxed when it appeared he only wished to make a statement, “your honor, I also ask that these ‘two fine fellows’ stand accused of banditry and murder.”  
He sat and the lawyer nodded, not happy to have protocol so thrown aside but starting to understand that if Nalin had not acted thus the men might never have been accused.  He said, “so noted, but please refrain from similar disruptions in future.”  Nalin nodded and the man seemed mollified.  The Lawyer continued, “will the witnesses come forth against the first of the accused?”  
The mayor, the villagers, and the two bandits each gave witness in their turn and Nalin was impressed by the number of things he had managed to accomplish in so short a time.  The Lawyer said, “that is quite the list of accusations.  Is all of it accurate?”  The witnesses nodded and he made a note in the book before him.  He then addressed Nalin and said, “will the first of the accused stand forth and give an account for himself and also address his accusations of ‘the two fine fellows’ and also tell us if there are any other witnesses in this matter?”  
Nalin stood, bowed to all and sundry and began, “I fear there is no other witness save the gentlemen here present and myself.  As to the accusations of these fellows, I must begin the story at the beginning and you must judge for yourselves if I am the villain they have made me out to be.”  He told the full tale and there were many gasps of wonder and horror and much disbelief.  He finished, “and these ‘two fine fellows’ are the sole survivors of the bandit gang I encountered.”  
The Lawyer said, “has anyone anything else to say in this matter?”  No one said anything and the Lawyer said, “then the tribunal shall recess to deliberate upon this case.”  He and the others withdrew to contemplate the strange tale.  Could so many wish to intentionally deceive others simply to destroy one man?  It seemed impossible.
Once they were alone, the king turned to the elderly man and said, “Sabin, you have advised my fathers for generations beyond count.  I find this matter greatly troubling.  Please tell me that the accused man is a liar and that my own subjects could not be as heartless as this man claims.”  
Sabin was quiet a moment and said, “my lord, I have lived for nearly three hundred years and never have I witnessed such a terrible example of heartlessness.  The man in question spoke truly and is as he claims: one of my comrades.  That he has not broken Oath means that he has done nothing of which he stands accused.  His tale of very nearly dying only to be restored to life by the sacrifice of a unicorn is not an uncommon one amongst us; there is no nobler creature or dearer friend.  I am afraid that your villagers are quite as wretched as you fear them to be.  The bandits are certainly guilty of all they stand accused and should be dealt with accordingly.”  
The king nodded miserably and asked, “and what is to be done about the villagers?”  
Sabin shook his head sadly and said, “they have not broken any law save those most precious to the Master thus are not deserving of human retribution.  I fear only a change of heart can save them, but that they must be willing to seek on their own, but I fear they will not abandon their heresy and no amount of correction will aid the effort.”  The King sighed, the tribunal discussed for a little longer what details remained, and then returned to the audience chamber.  The court, the bandits, and the villagers were desperate to know what decision had been made.  Only Nalin seemed confident in the matter, which all others found very strange.
The Lawyer said, “the accused will stand.”  Nalin stood and after a significant look, so did the bandits.  The Lawyer continued, “the first of the accused is hereby cleared of all charges.  The other ‘two fine fellows’ are hereby convicted of banditry and murder and will face the standard consequences.”  
Everyone was now on their feet and demanding to know how this was justice.  The King stood and silence ensued as he said, “I have it upon very good authority that this man is innocent as he claims and acted justly as regards the bandit threat.  As for the reprehensible behavior of the villagers towards those in need, there is no law or punishment that can induce the change of heart they so desperately need.  I pray the Master finds a way to humble your terrible hearts.”  The villagers scowled, stood, and very nearly fled the castle fearing some retribution from the king.  They furiously returned home, for the king’s verdict angered them greatly; they knew the King had defied the Master and would not be surprised to hear that some grim fate had befallen him.  
Nalin exchanged greetings with Sabin and thanked him for his help in his current predicament and asked, “what is to be done with our wretched friends?”  
Sabin shook his head sadly and said, “they must hear the Truth anew and perhaps it will soften their hearts, but I think it more likely that they will drive off or kill such a messenger.”  
Nalin said, “were I not so despised I would attempt it but they would not heed me.  I shall see if I can find someone so willing.”  
Sabin smiled, “perhaps I could be of service?”  
Nalin was surprised, “but who will advise the king if things should go ill?”  
Sabin laughed, “there will be none to advise the king in a few months anyway.  I am nearly three hundred years old and my days will soon be at an end.”
Nalin bowed his head sadly and said, “if you feel you must do this thing then may the Master ride with you, for these people must hear what only you can tell them!”  
Sabin smiled and said, “do not weep for me youngster, I have lived a long life and now I am content to go home, one way or another.”  
Nalin smiled sadly and said, “it is just hard to know that the Brethren dwindle and there may one day be none of us left.”  
Sabin smiled, “do not lose faith, you may yet live to see the Brethren restored.  Trust always in the Master, even if you do not understand.”  
They shared a hopeful smile and Sabin made his farewells of the King, who was appalled to risk his advisor thus but hopeful that he might yet touch the hard-hearted people in that vile village.  The two Brethren rode companionably together towards the village, but Nalin turned north and east before they reached Sabin’s destination.  “May the Master ride with you!” said Nalin.  
Sabin smiled joyfully and said, “until we meet again, my friend.”  He turned his mount and vanished towards the village.  Nalin turned his mount back towards the Wilds and the endless tasks that awaited him there.  Sabin rode boldly towards the village and met the stares of all those abroad on this bright morning.  He sat his mount patiently and only the flicking of the patient creature’s tail told that he was not a statue.  The villagers continued to stare, save for those who ran off to fetch those yet indoors.  Soon the entire village was gathered around the stranger on the green and none looked happy or even curious.  The mayor extricated himself from the mob and faced the stranger, not recognizing him as the old man from the tribunal.
Sabin slid from his saddle and silently begged his faithful friend not to do anything about the situation should the heartless villagers choose to do something foolish.  He nodded reluctantly and whickered fondly to his master, as if in farewell.  Sabin stroked the arching neck and then turned to face the irked mob.  The mayor said, “we do not take kindly to strangers, I would suggest you ride on.”  
Sabin said patiently, “you would not even offer a weary old man a drink of water?”  
The mayor said, “we do not trust strangers, no matter their guise.”  
Sabin said, “is this how the Master would have you treat your fellow men?”  
The mayor scoffed, “we do not hold the Master as loosely as all the rest of the world.  He is not a being to be held lightly nor are his ways to be questioned by men.  We adhere unquestioningly to his Law and mingle with none that do not.”  
Sabin said, “one should certainly never take the Master lightly, He is due all our respect, awe, love, and fear but how can you say you abide by His Law if you fail to love your fellow men as well as his Maker?”  
The mayor scoffed, “you are one of those who thinks the Master soft and moldable to whatever you would make him that you might do as you please!  We will not corrupt ourselves by associating with lesser men!”
Sabin said, “certainly not.  The master you serve is not the Master as He has revealed Himself to men.  You call the Master soft for loving man?  Who would die for no just cause to bear the penalty for the guilty and yet be accused of weakness?  It is this great love that the Master showed to us and demands that we show to others.”  
“I grow weary of your heresy old man,” snarled the mayor.  The villagers murmured in approval behind him.  He continued, “be gone ere you regret this visit.  We want none of you and you most certainly do not wish to incur our wrath.”  
The old man said, “I have come to speak to your stony hearts that you might yet discover the Master you claim to worship.  Do not turn deaf ears lest you lose your souls!”  
The mayor laughed, “it is you and all like you that stand to lose your souls, if you even have them!  It is we alone who are true to the Master and will inherit his blessing.  Now be gone!”  
Sabin drew himself up and said, “I will not go until I have said that which I came to say.  The Master loves even your wretched souls and I would have you know it.”  
“We want none of your so-called master and even less of your so-called love!” shouted the mayor, “This is your last warning.  Be gone or you may soon discover what awaits the unfaithful beyond death!” 
 Sabin did not move but began to speak from the beginning those things which he loved most dearly and wished all the world to share in his delight thereof.  The villagers did not receive his words with joy but with utter rage and all bent to pick up stones that they might drive the man from the village, if not end his heresy forever.  Sabin saw their intent but did not cease in his efforts.  The mayor held a stone the size of a man’s shoe and drew back to cast it at the heretic.  The stone flew true, Sabin raised a hand to his face to block the oncoming blow, but kept speaking as the other villagers, encouraged by the mayor’s effort, loosed their own stones.  The first stone reached its target but caused no harm, and just as quickly the rest of the lapidary flock rained down upon the old man but caused neither pain nor wound.  It was as if the rocks were not there at all or perhaps the man himself was simply a vision.  Their hostility and imminent death could not stay the man’s words but this strange occurrence did quiet him.  
He stared at them and then at the pile of stones at his feet and then back to the villagers, who stood with mouths gaping.  Before they could try another volley or run screaming from the wraith, all were driven to their knees in abject fear.  The unicorn whinnied in joy and pawed the air, but just as quickly bowed before his Maker with all the men around him.  The bright summer morning was lost in a golden mist that enshrouded the world and all there present, the light of which came from the Master Himself and not the sun.  For a moment He ignored the trembling villagers and looked down upon Sabin with joy-filled eyes.  The man felt his eyes drawn upward and when he met the Master’s smiling gaze, joy unspeakable filled his heart; his joy was doubled as the Master said, “come child, you have served Me well and now I am calling you to Myself.  It is time to leave your mortal sorrows behind.”  The trembling man stood and embraced the great neck before him and then vanished from mortal sight.
The unicorn whickered a little sadly but trusted fully in the Master.  He gazed for a moment deep into the Master’s eyes, screamed for joy, and then wheeled and vanished from the mist, leaving the villagers alone with the Master.  How could he call a heretic child?  The Master then turned sorrowful eyes upon the kneeling throng and asked, “do you not know Me?”  
The mayor stuttered, “of course we know you lord!  We are your own faithful servants.”  
The Master looked at him sadly, “but I do not know you.”  
The mayor’s wife cried, “but we have followed your laws all our days.  We have followed the letter of every law and kept ourselves from evil.”  
He shook his head, “I know you not.”  
The mayor stood in consternation, “how can you say such a thing when we have striven to keep your commandments?”  
The Master said, “have you succored the widow and the orphan?  Have you leant comfort to the dying or spoken hope to those in despair?  Have you listened to the wise that you might gain wisdom?”  
“But we have followed all your precepts!” shouted the mayor in near despair.  
The Master shook His head sadly, “My greatest law is to love your neighbors, without this what matters all else?  You do not know Me.  You do not wish to know Me.  Ever have I called and begged and pleaded yet you would not hear Me.  You scorned My servants and turned a deaf ear and would even murder an old man!  You feared My wrath for helping the needy but did not know you incurred it for turning a blind eye to their plight.  Even now will I ask if you will have Me as I am?”
The villagers rose to their feet, and with one mind and voice, started taunting Him and saying they would not abide such a charade.  They were faithful to the true master and would not be taken in by such a trick of the Nameless One.  “You have condemned yourselves,” said the Master with a sorrow that smote the heart of the mountains.  Suddenly He was gone, as was the light that suffused the mist, leaving the villagers in absolute darkness with a cold that bit to the bone.  They stared about them in abject terror, knowing finally that they had truly forsaken the true Master of All.  A madness seemed to take them and each fled into the darkness, never again to be seen by mortal eyes.


Chapter 4

Palir rode along through the dying day, encouraged to know that one of his comrades lurked at an inn ahead.  Since his parting with Nalin and Jaran six months ago, he had not encountered another of the Brethren abroad in the world.  His adventures had brought him to the edge of civilized lands and there was such a thing as an inn yet extant in this part of the world.  He removed his mount’s harness and bid him goodnight; the faithful creature whickered a warm farewell and vanished into the night.  Palir hid his tack beneath a handy brush pile and entered the inn where his comrade was holding forth with a long forgotten tale; the audience listened intently.
The man finished his tale and took a seat beside Palir and said, “welcome to nowhere!  It is good to see a friendly face.”  
Palir smiled and said, “compared to my usual haunts this inn of yours verges on being Somewhere.  What news from civilized lands?”  
The Teacher shrugged, “not much of anything out of the ordinary.  Mostly people struggling to survive and regain some echo of civilization.  We are still leaderless and adrift in the world.”  
Palir raised an eyebrow, “how can you say that?  We may have no Lady to lead us but are we ever truly without guidance?”  
The Teacher sighed, “perhaps, but I begin to fear the Master has forgotten us.”  
Palir asked in a very concerned voice, “what has overcome your faith my friend?  You must not let such doubts gnaw away at your heart!”  
The Teacher seemed a trifle irritated and rather alarmed, “thoughts I have had myself a thousand times over but I cannot help but wonder why we are seemingly abandoned and if this is not truly the end of all we hold dear?”  
Palir said quietly, “such thoughts are a trap laid by the Enemy!  Do not fall into it like a mindless beast.  You know as well as I that the Master has His own reasons for doing this and He has no need to explain it to us.  We must trust that He knows best and will reveal His plans in due course.”
The Teacher sighed and said, “I will try and remember that though it troubles me greatly.  How long will you linger in the area?”  
Palir shook his head, “I came simply to give you my greetings and ask after any news you might have, but I must ride north in the morning and resume my patrol of the borderlands.”  
The Teacher nodded glumly and said, “it has been a pleasure to see one of my comrades, if only for a few moments.  I suppose I had best speak once more to these eager people and then we had both best seek our beds.  Are you staying at the inn?”  
Palir shook his head, “I can ill afford such a luxury, I will do as I have these last years and make my bed where I can outside.  And you?”  
The man smiled and said, “one of the perks of telling stories in such places is that the innkeeper sometimes takes pity and lets me sleep in the hayloft or even in an empty room if he is feeling truly magnanimous.”  
Palir stood and slapped his comrade on the back and said, “then you will have sweeter dreams than I.  May the Master ride with you and ease the doubts within your heart!”
The man smiled weakly and returned to his tales.  Palir withdrew and went to find a suitable place to pass the night.  He had just crawled into his blankets when he heard soft footsteps and something that sounded like grim mumbling.  He slowly reached for his sword but relaxed when he saw that his visitor was his companion from the inn.  He turned over to face his visitor, who stopped suddenly and stared grimly at the Warrior.  Only too late did Palir see the dagger clutched in the man’s fist.  A look of determination entered his eyes as he lunged at the man yet tangled in his blankets.  Palir reached for his sword but was too slow to defend himself.
The dagger found its mark but not with the force the wielder had intended, for as the man lunged at Palir, his body convulsed and seemed to shrivel and the arm brandishing the dagger was sapped of nearly all its strength.  What should have been a quickly fatal wound resulted in a wound that would certainly kill but much more slowly.  Palir screamed in agony as the knife found its mark but then horror and grief silenced his tongue as he watched what happened to his former comrade.  The former Teacher lay on the ground gasping for air with a look of utter horror on his face, as if he had not expected things to quite work out this way.  He had seemed a man in his middle thirties but now his true age was apparent in his gnarled limbs and wrinkled skin.  Tears welled in his eyes, not of grief but of self-pity.  
Palir groaned and said, “what have you done?”  
The unexpected voice for a moment pulled the man out of his own selfish wallowings, “I did what I thought best.  Long has doubt gnawed at me and finally this night I felt confident enough to act but this is not the result I imagined!”  
Palir was speechless for a moment and then said, “what else did you expect to happen in breaking Oath!  You have willingly forsaken the Master and broken your vows and thus His blessing of long life has forsaken you.”  
The man scowled, “the Evil One promised me much power and immortality if I did as he asked.  But it seems his promises mean nothing.”
An evil voice hissed, “had you fulfilled your end of the bargain perhaps things would be different.”  Both men stared in horror at a bipedal black reptile that stood before them with cunning and malice in its eyes; this was no mortal terror but a lesser demon and greatest servant of the Enemy come on some errand out of the pit.  
“I did as you asked,” whined the old man.  
The thing smirked and said, “your assignment was to kill this fool, not mortally wound him!  Finish the job and perhaps it will go better for you.”  
Palir’s eyes were wide with horror, “you are willing to sell your soul to this vile thing?”  
The old man began to crawl weakly towards the stricken Warrior, as he said, “the Master has forsaken us, where else am I to turn?”  
Palir growled, “you know very well He has not abandoned us, you have just used recent circumstances as a weak excuse to go your own way.  What can this fiend offer that is worth your soul?”  
The old man laughed, “anything is better than being little more than a slave to a distant lord.  I have had enough of ever seeking another’s glory and wish for once to seek my own.”  The old man was by now very close to the dying Palir; he pulled the dagger free of his chest and made his way towards his vulnerable throat, the Warrior was too weak to resist.  
The thing hissed, “yes, make an end of him and all shall be yours!”  
Palir said in grief, “how can you listen to that thing?  You know as well as I that it lies and will do nothing in exchange for what you are about to do!  Do not do this!”  
The man snarled, “I must.  My soul is all but lost and this is my only chance at redeeming myself.”  
Palir said coldly, “the Enemy cannot redeem, he can only destroy!”  
The old man raised the blade to permanently end the conversation.  The thing looked on with cruel joy.  Suddenly a blinding light filled the clearing where Palir had taken shelter, as his unicorn leapt his prone form and fell upon the man intent on destroying his master.  The old man screamed as the noble creature pushed him roughly aside with his nose.  The creature could have easily run the man through with his horn, but he had not the heart, even for such a traitorous soul.  The unicorn stood protectively over his stricken master and glared balefully at the tangled heap that was the old man; his ancient frame could not endure such treatment and death rattles sounded with each wheezing breath.  
The monster looked on most amused and said, “fool, your life is quickly slipping, quickly bequeath your mortal shell to me that I might keep it from tasting of death.”  
“What of me?” gasped the old man.  
The creature said, “you have utterly failed my master but perhaps in doing this small thing he will find mercy for your wretched soul.”  
The old man’s only reply was something that Palir could not tell whether it was scornful laughter or bitter tears.  Further contemplations were delayed as the creature hissed like a frightened cat and withdrew to the far side of the glade.  The unicorn whickered a greeting and bowed after the manner of his kind.  The old man lay in a crumpled heap, not seeming to notice anything but the strange behavior of the fiend.  Palir lay prone, unable to do anything more than weakly bow his head; tears of grief ran down his cheek to think what might come of the traitor to face the Master in such a condition.  He for the moment seemed blissfully unaware of the great Presence before him however.
The Great Unicorn surveyed the carnage with much grief and then approached His stricken servant.  He said gently, “I have work yet for you to be about child.  You must ride to Arca, for the servants of My Enemy are wreaking havoc there as they please.”  
Palir nodded and then asked, “but what of him?”  
The Master looked sadly at what had been an old man and said with much sorrow, “he cannot see or know Me any longer in any form save as his righteous judge when life fails him.  He has tasted of My blood and willingly has he fallen away and broken his Oath to Me.  Once death takes him, he must give an account to Me of his shameful deeds, and then that vile fiend will seize upon him and bear him into the utter darkness he has willfully chosen over Me.”  
Tears of grief ran down Palir’s cheeks as he said, “is there nothing I can do?”  
The Master shook His head mournfully and said, “even I cannot draw him back from the path he has chosen, for I will not trespass upon his will.  Now rise and go to Arca.”  
Palir suddenly felt life and strength anew in his moribund form and stood.  As life returned, the Master and the fiend suddenly vanished from sight and the unicorn whinnied his approbation.  The man who had once been his comrade convulsed once and lay still, beyond any mortal aid.  Sadly Palir saddled his mount and rode off into the depths of the night, mourning for his lost comrade but trusting fully in the Master’s grace.

Frieda smiled to herself as she left the inn and walked back to the castle on such a pleasant night, the first they had had in many months, full of the promise of spring.  She was of the Teaching sect of the Brethren and an accomplished singer.  Whereas most of her colleagues told stories with much skill, she preferred to convey her own through music.  She was the Brethren’s Advisor to the king of Arca but also the court bard.  This night she had been singing in one of the many inns in the city hoping to reach those who normally had no access to her music.  The audience had been attentive and she saw hope stirring in many hearts as she shared with them through music tales of the Master and His ways.  
Her contemplations were cut short by a sudden pain in her chest.  She would have fallen save that strong arms grabbed her roughly from behind.  Another darkly clad man took her feet and helped the other lift the prone woman into the back of a pony cart.  She felt her unicorn’s anger and grief and felt him coming to her aid with all the speed he possessed.  The two men climbed into the seat and the cart lurched into motion.  Each bump and jolt was an agony to the injured woman but she bore it as best she could.  Only when he spoke did she notice the dark man with whom she shared the cart bed.  He said, “you will of course help us or we shall kill you.”  
Frieda laughed grimly, “and why should I aid those willing to murder and kidnap innocent folk?  I will gladly die if it means ruining your plans!”  Before the man could reply, an enraged unicorn made to fall upon the cart, but the man had anticipated the creature and held a knife to his mistress’ throat.
He whinnied pathetically and the man said, “I shall cut her throat unless you desist in your attempts to thwart us.  Understood?”  The creature nodded pathetically and dropped behind to follow miserably, as if he were a beaten dog.  The grim party moved along for a time and then turned down a dark alley where several bows sang in the night.  The unicorn screamed, fell, and disappeared.  
Frieda screamed in horror and wept, “why must you do such a horrible thing?”  
The man laughed, “I actually found it quite amusing.  Fear not, you shall soon be joining your late friend.  I could not trust him not to interfere thus he must be got rid of.”  
The cart stopped and the two dark minions lifted the stricken woman out of the cart and carried her into a dimly lit building that looked like a tailor’s shop, tightly shuttered for the evening.  The door shut behind them and they laid her ungently on the floor.  A stooping figure came out of a side door with a lamp and silently surveyed the woman.  She knelt over the prone form and carefully examined every inch of Frieda’s garments.  Finally she stood and said, “it shall take a week but I can certainly replicate the uniform.  
The dark man said, “excellent.” 
He then turned to Frieda and said, “now this is how you will help us.  Tell me everything I need to do to pass as one of the Brethren and as an Advisor to the king.”  Frieda laughed weakly but it soon turned to a fit of coughing.  He said grimly, “if you value your life, you will speak!”  
Frieda gasped, “you know very well I shall never deign to such a request; you waste your breath and my time.”  
He turned angrily to his minions and said, “then we will find an amusing way to deal with her.”  
The seamstress said, “I do not think that will be possible.”  
He scowled at her, “do you threaten me woman?”  
She smiled coldly and said, “nay my lord, but it is very difficult to accomplish anything with a corpse.”  Surprise filled his eyes as he turned to look at the prone form now slumped in death.  
He sighed, “I had not thought her so vitally wounded.  You have all you need?”  The seamstress nodded and he said to his minions, “dispose of the body and then see that it appears she fled in the night.”  
The minions nodded grimly and carried the dead woman out into the night.  The seamstress began her work immediately, not wishing to end as the king’s Advisor had.  The dark man vanished into the night.  Some time well after midnight the two thugs donned livery matching that of the common laborers who served in the castle and entered by a back gate.  No one thought to question two seeming drudges busy about some task when more civilized folk were abed.  They made their way towards Frieda’s room and hastily began packing.  They lugged her personal belongings away that it might appear she had disappeared at night in haste.  A lonely servant was the only witness as he came out of a side corridor unseen after fetching an insomniac lord a glass of warm milk.  The boy hid in the shadows, not recognizing either of the men as they emerged from the woman’s quarters.  He quietly followed them as they disappeared out the gate by which they had come.  He wondered at this but was in no position to alert others to his suspicions.  He sought his blankets but sleep was long in coming.
In the morning the woman was discovered gone but no one seemed overly concerned about what the King’s Advisors did so long as it did not importune the nobility.  A week passed and the boy wondered but could say nothing for he had no evidence, and a servant of his standing could certainly not address anyone of importance without risking his head.  Then two men appeared at the gates in the uniform of the Brethren, claiming to be the new Advisor to the king from the Lady of Astoria and his faithful apprentice.  
The guards asked after the former advisor and the mysterious man grimaced sheepishly and said, “yes, that traitor shall certainly be dealt with.  She fled in the night when she knew her treachery was known.”  
The guards looked concerned, “what kind of treachery?”  
The man shook his head and said, “why she spread such rumors and heresy that the Lady felt she must be dealt with immediately.”  
The ranking guard said, “I thought Astoria was abandoned and your Lady dead?”  
The man smiled as if humoring an ill informed child, “that is one of her lies of course.  She has also been spreading much misinformation as concerns the Master, his Truth, and the Law, but fear not, for it shall soon be set aright.”  They looked at him curiously and for a moment contemplated barring his way but a simple nudge with his dark powers was all that was needed to gain entrance to the courtyard and thus the castle.  The suspicious servant was sent to inform his Majesty of their arrival and to prepare chambers for them.  He sighed and ran off, wondering why he felt so uncomfortable in their presence if they were truly of the Brethren as they claimed.  He had rather liked the vanished lady and was much more prone to trust her than these strangers.
The King was indifferent to their arrival until he learned that Geryl could sing and then he was much mollified, for he missed his bard greatly, no matter her affiliations.  That Geryl sang songs quite contrary to hers he actually appreciated, for he was not a man prone to superstition and thus cared little for songs of the Master.  He quite relished these songs extolling the virtues of humanity, especially the nobility and their divine right to rule.  The other occupants of the castle were quite impressed with his talent and more so with his lack of nagging, as they saw it, to trust in the Master!  All in all he was quite well received, save for the faithful few who knew something was not as it should be, but none were brave enough to make known their reservations.  Geryl was quite happy with the results and continued to influence the court through music and various supportive observations.  He could use his dark powers to control the minds of most men but he preferred to let them act of their own accord, for then they accomplished his ends with some zest rather than merely carrying them out like an automaton.  This went on for several months until another stranger appeared at the gates.  
The man was in his middle years and ragged and dirty from long and hard travel.  The suspicious servant was just returning from the city on some errand for yet another lord when he met the stranger at the gate.  The boy stopped in his run back to his duties and listened attentively as the man spoke with the guards.  He said, “may I seek an audience with the Brethren’s Advisor to the King?”  
The guards laughed and said, “our noble court bard is not fond of seeing such ragamuffins as yourself.  He would not be pleased to be called from his vital duties to humor one so lowly as you.”  
Palir said, “he?  I had not heard Frieda had been replaced.”  
The man laughed, “it has pleased the King greatly that the woman fled in disgrace and was promptly replaced by another of greater talent and less knack for preaching.”  
The man asked, “and who sent this man, if I may ask?”  
The guard was obviously growing impatient and said, “why the Lady of Astoria herself.  Perhaps you should bother her ladyship rather than our poor bard.”  Palir nodded grimly, bid the guards good day, and made his way back to the city, followed by the silent boy.
Once out of sight of the guards the boy made his presence known to Palir and said, “why do you seek an audience with the Brethren within the castle?”  
Palir started in surprise but quickly regained his composure and said, “I was sent to see what evil might be passing in Arca.”  
The boy asked, “the Lady sent you?”  
Palir shook his head and said, “there has not been a Lady in Astoria for nearly three years.  It disturbs me greatly that such a rumor is abroad.  What madness is passing in Arca and what has become of Frieda?”  
The boy said, “I do not know what is happening but I think it stinks greatly of treachery.”  He quickly told of all he had seen and that which he suspected.  Palir stopped and pulled the boy into an empty side street as he told the tale.  As the boy progressed the man’s countenance continued to grow more grim.  His unicorn informed him that he had no knowledge of the whereabouts of Frieda’s mount and he was assumed dead.  The boy finished with, “what does it mean and what are we to do about it?”  
Palir said, “you are correct in deducing that treachery is truly abroad, but I as of yet have no idea how to end it.  I must somehow infiltrate the castle and see what I can do to end the siege of this evil man and his minions.  How fare the King and his nobles in this strange situation?”  
The boy grimaced and said, “they are rather enjoying it.  The man does nothing to temper their greed and only inflames their pride.  They look to their own good and comfort and have done much to oppress the commonfolk of late; the man will not stand against them as his ‘predecessor’ so often did.”
Palir nodded grimly, “have you any thoughts on how I might enter the castle?  Could I gain employment as a servant perhaps?”  
The boy said, “there are many waiting their chance to gain such employment and you must have a reference from within to gain a foothold, but perhaps you could join the guard?  They are always looking for skilled men.”  
Palir smiled and said, “it might be an awkward position but I must gain access to the castle else I shall not accomplish anything.  Lead on my young friend.”  The boy smiled and raced ahead as Palir followed, amused at his youthful ambition.
The guards laughed when they saw that he had returned and the captain said, “come for more abuse have you?  For you must know we shall certainly not admit one such as yourself without direct orders from the king!”  
Palir asked, “perhaps that errand must be postponed for a time.  I have come seeking admittance to the Royal Guard.”  
The captain smiled coldly, “you?  You do not look like you could last three seconds in a fight.  I shall be happy to embarrass you before all my men if you are serious however.  Meet me here this evening once my watch is finished and I shall see if you are as skilled as you boast.”  
Palir could not remember ever having boasted of his skill but he bowed politely and returned to the city to await the appointed time.  The boy grinned and ran back to the castle lest he be found tardy in his duties.  The captain waited eagerly for the man to return and most of the off-duty guards joined him to watch the spectacle.  
Palir arrived precisely at the appointed time and the captain admitted him through a small side gate that opened on a wide lawn.  “Now,” said the captain, drawing his sword, “let us see what you are made of.  I shall try not to kill you!”  Palir drew his own blade and soon the captain found himself very nearly outmatched in the contest.  He laughed as if pleased and called a halt to the duel.  
Palir sheathed his sword and asked, “well?”  
The captain smiled in delight and said, “you did well enough I suppose.  Can you ride?”  
Palir nodded, “well enough, I suppose.”  
The captain shrugged and said, “at least you have your own horse.  I will offer you a place in my company if you want it.  We offer room and board with a little extra money to spend.  Perhaps in better years the king may actually raise our pay but it is enough to get by on.”  
Palir gladly accepted the position and was soon learning his way around the castle and the duties expected of him.  He decided it would be an ideal position from which to observe the shadowy advisor and learn what influence he held over the castle and its occupants.
The boy soon found him; they exchanged greetings in a quiet corner of the servant’s quarters.  The boy said, “I am called Brinn.”  
Palir smiled and said, “well Brinn, I am glad to have an ally on this odd quest.”  They then plotted for a time before their duties called them both away.
Over the next month, Palir became well acquainted with the castle and its occupants.  As a mere soldier, he was overlooked by the nobility, and as long as he was not lax in his duties his comrades also paid him little heed.  His commanding officer was impressed with his skill but puzzled by his attitude.  The man never boasted, lied, or even drank to excess.  He was what every soldier should be but what no sane soldier ever could, at least by the captain’s reckoning.  Thus he did not fully trust the man and his faith was not helped by his initial approach to the castle.  He kept a close eye on the man but never found reason to complain or punish, though it seemed he had somehow taken a certain servant boy under his wing as it were.  
The boy was an orphan and his aunt, who was something of a minor noble, had acquired his position within the castle for him.  He was quite grateful to her and was assiduous in his duties as a result, thus the nobles and other servants took much advantage of him.  Word of the strange guard’s request to meet with the Lady’s Advisor to the King was carried to the man by the captain himself, as he hoped to curry favor with such a wise and influential person.  Geryl was intrigued and observed the soldier from a distance.  He did not recognize him but he asked many questions of the captain and was soon satisfied that this was no common soldier and most likely one of those vile Brethren.  The man would have to be dealt with and the captain was more than happy to aid in such a venture.  He hated losing such a talented soldier but if it meant advancing his cause with the dark man, he was more than happy to comply.
Brinn saw them speaking together and did not like the few words he heard of their conversation.  He immediately sought out his friend and they withdrew to an empty room to speak quietly.  Palir said, “so there is some plot between the captain and the dark man?  It seems my identity is not as much of a secret as I had hoped, but I cannot let this frighten me away.  We have observed long enough and soon we must act to somehow stop the dark man and his minions from influencing the king.”  
The boy looked grim, “but your life might be in danger!”  
Palir smiled sadly and said, “my life is ever in danger, it is one of the costs of joining the Brethren, for the Master has many enemies and they do not like His servants.”  
Brinn nodded grimly, “if something happens to you I shall certainly carry on in our quest though I know not how to proceed.”  
Palir smiled and said, “I could not ask it of you but neither can I deny such a dedicated and courageous heart in accomplishing that which it knows it must.  If that time should come the Master will certainly provide a way for you to accomplish our goal, but please try and be careful!”  
The boy laughed, “you must promise the same.”  
Palir laughed, “fair enough.  Now how many minions does our dark friend have in this castle of yours?  You are in their presence far oftener than ever I have the chance to be.”  
The boy looked thoughtful and said, “the dark man’s apprentice is often visiting with one lord or another promoting his master’s agenda, whatever that might be.  There are two men amongst the heavy laborers.  I have not seen anyone among the servants or the guards but perhaps there are others abroad in the city?”  
Palir nodded, “let us keep our eyes open for others of their ilk and also begin to plot how we might discredit them all.  It saddens me to think the king and his nobles so easily taken in by this man’s words but then they must be pleasant to hear and thus they would be loath to deny them.”
They again parted with plans to meet again soon.  Palir quickly ate his evening meal and went to bed, for he had the late watch this night upon the doors of the King’s chambers.  He awoke later that night, dressed, and made his way to his assigned post.  The man he was relieving said all had been quiet and wished him a pleasant night before wandering off to find his own bed.  The other man waited impatiently for the captain, who was to relieve him, but soon enough he too was safely abed.  
The captain greeted his newest minion and said, “I think it shall be a memorable night.”  
Palir asked, “how so, sir?”  
The captain said, “it has been long since we have spoken and I hope to get to know you more.  Where did you attain such skills?”  
Palir said, “I was trained in Astoria before its fall and have since made my way in the world as I could, growing in skill through much practice.”  
The captain grinned maliciously, “Astoria hmm?  You would not be one of the Brethren then?”  The captain smiled as if he knew he had the man truly trapped.  
Palir smiled ruefully, “yes, is it that obvious?”  
The captain laughed, “you are the only soldier I know with no bad habits and a clean conscience.  What are you up to in this place?  I doubt you are looking for a change of career.”  
Palir smiled grimly and said, “the Lady’s former advisor to the king has vanished and I fear it was by nefarious means.  The man who now ‘represents’ the Lady is not numbered amongst the Brethren and is having a very negative impact upon Arca and those who rule her.”  
Geryl suddenly appeared from a room across the hall and said, “it saddens me to hear that.  I had thought I was doing a superb job.”
Palir growled, “a superb job of spreading malcontent and diverting people’s attention from the Master perhaps!  Where is Frieda?”  
Geryl smiled coldly and said, “the same place you will soon be going.  I have no interest in your precious Master, save to distort his Truth, thus my success.”
As he said this he drew his sword, as did the captain, and together they ominously approached Palir, who reached for his own blade.  The captain was no match for Palir alone, but with the dark man’s help they easily disarmed their foe.  Palir was curious as to why they did not simply kill him outright but he soon had his answer.  The ruckus awakened the king, who came rushing into the hall with his own blade drawn.  He was surprised to find a man in the uniform of the guard on his knees with his hands behind his head at the behest of the Captain of the Guard and the Brethren’s Advisor.  
He scowled, “what is going on here?  Why have you ruined my sleep?”  
Geryl bowed deeply and said, “a murder attempt Majesty.  This fiend has been plotting to kill you since his admittance to the Guard a month gone.  I learned of the plot and arrived only just in time, for he would have killed his own captain and then fallen upon you.  But fear not, for your life is safe.”  The King was quite pleased at the seeming faithfulness of the Advisor and his great courage.  
The King demanded of Palir, “why did you want to kill me?  Have you any allies in this terrible plot?”  
Palir said, “the only murder attempt this night involves the two men who hold me captive.  I had no design upon your life Sire, save perhaps to save it from the man who claims to advise you for the Lady.”
“What nonsense is this?” scoffed the king, “I have never had such a splendid advisor from the Lady or anyone else in all my life.  I think I shall make him a Lord and a member of my ruling council.”  
Palir said, “that would be ill advised Majesty, as his only goal is to increase the evil and chaos in the world.”  
The king laughed, “a strange thing of which to accuse one of the Brethren.”  
Palir smiled grimly, “he is none of the Brethren but an imposter.”  
The king scoffed, “and how would you know?”  
Palir said, “I am numbered among them and know my comrades by sight.  He is none of ours.”  
The King laughed heartily and said, “a likely story, you are simply trying to save your own life and I will not stand to be lied to.  Take him away and bring me his head.”  
Palir tried to resist but only earned himself a cuff upside the head, which momentarily stunned him.  A passing servant was sent to rouse some of the guards to escort the prisoner to his doom.  The guards arrived and dragged the insensible man away; they sent the servant to wake the executioner.  The King drew Geryl and the captain into his quarters that they might speak upon certain matters.  The groggy executioner was fetched and Brinn watched in agony as Palir regained his senses only long enough to lose them permanently.  He did not seem afraid but rather irritated at having failed to accomplish his mission but gave the boy a reassuring smile before the axe fell.
“You boy,” snarled one of the guards, “take this back to his Majesty, as requested.”  
“Me!” stuttered the boy.  
The guard growled, “unless you want your own head separated from your shoulders!  Take the vile thing and be gone ere I lose my temper.”
The boy squeaked in fright but lost no time in gathering up the severed head and rushing back to the King’s chambers; what the man wanted with such a thing he could not fathom.  He knocked grimly upon the door, anxious to be rid of his grisly burden.  The door was opened by Geryl and the captain as they exited the King’s chambers; they looked quite pleased to see what it was the terrified servant held.  
As the boy entered the King’s chambers, he heard the captain say to Geryl, “do you think the boy has been unduly influenced by the traitor?”  
Geryl laughed, “he has seen what happens to those who oppose us, without the man around to encourage him, I do not think him bold enough to try anything.”  
The door shut behind Brinn with an ominous thud and he bowed deeply before the King, who smiled in amusement at the head clutched in the boy’s hands.  The King seemed to forget the boy was even there once he was relieved of his burden, but Brinn dared not leave without a proper dismissal.  The King took the gory thing and set it upright on a chair, not seeming to care that it might stain the cushions.  Brinn watched in morbid curiosity, all but forgotten as the King turned to the head and said, “so you thought to make an end of me?  See how your treachery is repaid?  I only wish I knew your motive?  A pity you cannot answer me.”  
The head said, “perhaps I can, but I would remind you that it is quite unfair to start an argument with an opponent who cannot speak for himself.”
The King and the boy stared in utter astonishment and horror.  The King finally remembered the boy and hoping that he had not lost his sanity, asked, “am I in a delirium or did that thing just speak?”  
The boy’s eyes were wide enough that they might fall from his head, but he stuttered, “it most certainly spoke, Majesty.”  
The king then addressed the head, “how is it then that you have a voice when you are most certainly dead?  What fell ghost has come thus to haunt me?”  
Palir said patiently, “this is not exactly how I envisioned spending my first few hours immediately after death but thus has the Master bidden.  I am no ghost, but quite myself and will shortly return to my proper place once I have told you that which I must.  Let this small miracle be proof to you that the Master lives and has power over life and death and all else besides.”  
“The Master?” scoffed the king, “How am I certain that this is not some ghastly trick of the Nameless One?”  
Palir made a face of disgust and said, “were I a minion of the Enemy, think you that I would appear to you as nothing but a severed head?  His foul brood appears to mortals only to destroy and deceive.  You know I speak truly but only hope to deceive yourself.”  
The king scoffed, “and what if I were to throw you out the window or cut you to pieces?”  
Palir smiled grimly, “this head is not me, I would come again, perhaps to haunt your dreams or who knows in what guise until you had heard what I have to tell.”  
The King collapsed in a nearby chair and said, “very well!  I shall listen, if only to rid myself of your presence.  It seems not even death can spare me your prattling!  You certainly are as annoying as any of the Brethren I have ever met.  Now what is so important that you come back from the lands of death to speak it?”
Palir said, “as I tried to tell you while I lived, there is a vile man in your presence and you welcome him as a bosom friend.  Look how he has subverted justice in your kingdom!  You had me killed upon this man’s accusation without so much as a trial.  You oppress your people for your own comfort, ignore justice to your own benefit, and secure your power no matter the cost to anyone else.  Your lords murmur against you, for they no longer fear justice should they prove rebellious.  You have turned from the Master to serve and worship yourselves.”  
The king did not seem happy about these revelations and it did not help that his own conscience told him that the man spoke truly, but he said, “my advisor has done nothing to show himself devious or treacherous.  He has only served in my best interests.  What threat is he to me?”  
Palir said grimly, “your behavior has been in accordance with his greatest wishes and thus he has had no reason to act against you, but he has sold his soul to the Nameless One and will stop at nothing to accomplish his goals.”  
The King sneered, “and what might those be?”  
Palir said, “that evil and chaos utterly consume the world and all humanity with it.  He will use you to throw Arca into chaos or to incite evil against your own people and eventually your neighbors.  As for treachery, he has not yet betrayed you but he betrayed me and murdered your former advisor, who will he destroy next?”  
The king scowled, “I want to deny everything you say but I hear the truth in your words, but it is painful to think what I must do.  Why cannot your precious Master just leave the living in peace?”  
Palir smiled, “because mortals would gain nothing but their own destruction if He stayed His hand from influencing the world.”
The king sighed, “I suppose you are right, for man’s natural tendency is always towards selfishness and only compassion can advance and benefit civilization.  If I try and oust the man I fear he may kill me or turn my lords against me; the risk is far too great.”  
Palir said, “death is no terror if you are in the Master’s keeping.  But I think the risk much greater to keep such a serpent in your bed simply because you are too frightened to remove it.”  
The king said grimly, “but I have never had much use for your precious Master.  I listened to my former advisor simply because I thought her advice good, not because I feared or trusted its supposed source.  What has he to do with me?”  
Palir said, “the most important decision every man must one day make is what to do with the Master.  Seek Him and your life is not without purpose but deny Him for your own or evil pursuits and your life is empty and vain.”  
The king sighed deeply, “and how am I to rid myself of this serpent?  Who am I to trust in this matter?”  
Palir said, “trust the boy, for he has promised to accomplish that which you seek.  As for the how, that will be revealed in time if only you will trust the Master to accomplish it.”  
The king said in desperation, “can you not aid me?”  
Palir smiled grimly, “my place is no longer among those trapped in mortality.  Had you not been so hasty to end my life I could have aided you but now your task is much more difficult.  Farewell.”  
The eyes again glazed in death and the head lay silent, as the dead were wont to be.  The king looked at it in near despair, feeling abandoned by his only ally but then turned hopefully to the boy only to frown in disappointment.  What could a boy such as this accomplish?  Brinn’s eyes were wide as he himself wondered just that.


Chapter 5

The King looked at the boy and asked, “have you an army in your pocket lad?”  
The boy said nervously, “nay lord, my army, such as it was, very recently met his demise by your command.  I offer you what I have but I fear it is not much.  I know that this vile man has at least three allies in the castle but naught else can I tell you, but my service is yours to command should you wish it.”  
The king sighed deeply and said, “thus is my army of one.  I would be better served to go on and pretend none of this had happened but I know deep inside that your late friend is right, if only I had not been such a fool and allowed myself to be blinded by my own arrogance, but alas now I must reap that which I have sown.  It is my own foolishness that has allowed this fiend to gain access to my court and councils and it must be me that extricates him therefrom though it cost me my life, this I swear.  May the Master have mercy on my soul and give me strength and wisdom in the coming days!”  
The candles and lamps that lit the chamber suddenly fluttered and went out, pitching the room into darkness, save the faint glow of moonlight but the moon had set long ago.  The faint glow intensified to a luminescence impossible to look upon and resolved itself into a figure vaguely equine.  As the light dimmed enough for mortal eyes to gaze in comfort, Brinn and the King felt themselves driven to their knees in reverence by the sheer presence of the Being that stood before them.  Neither had ever seen a mortal unicorn but both knew this Being far too awesome to ever be mistaken for such.  They finally gained courage enough to look into the eyes that held knowledge and power, sorrow and joy, righteousness and love beyond mortal comprehension.  
He gazed silently upon his awestruck creatures for a moment that seemed a lifetime, finally He spoke, “you have called upon Me and I have heard your plea.  Know that if you seek Me, you shall surely find Me.  You have acted foolishly and done much that your people regret but if your repentance is true, so is My forgiveness.”  
The king stuttered like a nervous boy, “I am sorry for my arrogance and foolishness.”  
The Master said quietly, “I do not seek an apology but repentance.  You must turn completely from your former ways and follow the paths of justice and mercy, ever seeking Me and doing My will.”  
The man was in tears, “forgive my folly and give me strength that I may mend my ways.”  
The Master smiled and gazed upon him with joyful eyes, “I most certainly shall, child.”  The king looked nearly faint with joy.  The Unicorn then turned His attention to the speechless boy and said, “you have been a most faithful servant though you knew little of Him whom you served.  Would you know more?”  
The boy smiled deeply and said, “yes Lord, if You would have me.” 
The Master said, “then taste of My blood and swear yourself to My service and gain much in skill and knowledge that you might accomplish that which I shall ask of you.”  The king watched in astonishment as the boy placed his finger in the Master’s wounded side and drew forth a small drop of blood and did as he was bidden.  The King noticed no overt changes but the boy felt himself a caterpillar become a butterfly and shared a joyous smile with the Master.
“Now,” said the Master, “you need someone to guide and train you.  Usually such tasks would be attended to by the Lady and her servants, but during these lesser days I will provide a proper teacher.”  Suddenly Palir appeared, kneeling before his Maker.  He looked upon the boy with surprise and delight.  He was quite astonished to see the King so reverent but not disappointed.  Then the Master addressed him, saying, “this youngster is in need of your guidance and the King has asked for wisdom and strength.  You, child, are the answer to both their prayers.  I know you have dwelt for a moment in My country and know what a strain that will be upon a heart mortal once more, but this service I ask of you.  Your soul will yearn again to return Home but for a time you must linger again amongst the living.”  
Palir bowed his head and said, “whatever You ask, that I gladly do.”  
The Master smiled, nuzzled him gently, and said, “then again draw breath and drive the evil from this place.”  Suddenly He was gone and the candles flickered again to life.  The three men were silent for a time in astonishment, then the boy and Palir exchanged warm greetings while the king tried to comprehend exactly what it was that had just come to pass.  The boy was overjoyed to not only have found the Master but also to have received back his friend from the dead.  
He asked, “you gave us quite a scare, speaking as a disembodied head.  What was it like?”  
Palir smiled, “it was a bit odd I think, but no stranger and no less wonderful than anything else that has happened this night.”
The king asked, “you are yourself and not a ghost?”  Palir smiled and held out a hand and the man grasped it and felt the warmth and the throbbing pulse and was satisfied.  He said, “had I not seen it with my own eyes I would never have believed it; I am still not sure I do.  Are things always this weird when your Master is involved?”  
Palir laughed, “all creation is a weird and wonderful thing, full of wonders and miracles beyond count but occasionally unique things happen in the presence of those who serve the Master, or perhaps it is that His servants are much more aware of and appreciative of His wonders.  Now we had best begin to plan exactly how to deal with these fiends.  Majesty, what is it you said to them in my absence?”  
The king again took a chair and said, “I appointed Geryl to the council that advises me most closely and made him a minor lord for his acts on my behalf.  The captain I promoted to General and put him in charge of my military advisors.”  
Palir said, “is it too late to demote them?”  
The king smiled grimly, “perhaps it would be wiser to exploit them in their newfound positions.  If I demote them they might come to suspect the trap ere it is sprung.”  
Palir smiled, “I think that is an excellent idea.”  The trio spent what little was left of the night planning how to rid the country of Geryl and his minions.  They then discussed exactly what to do about Palir’s presence when all thought him dead.  Palir smiled and said, “perhaps your castle is in dire need of a little haunting to scare certain personages into repentance?”  
The king smiled villainously, “a most excellent idea I think.”  Brinn looked quite eager to see what would happen next.
The king reassigned Brinn as one of his personal attendants and Palir ghosted across the hall and made himself comfortable in the abandoned room in which Geryl had hidden earlier that night.  A slight reassignment of the servants and who was to see to which rooms quickly drew all attention away from that particular chamber, for no servant wanted to do extra work thus avoided rooms to which they were not assigned.  As the king’s personal servant, the boy now had complete freedom to do as he must for he answered to no one but the King and perhaps the Steward, but only if the King felt his interference necessary.  
Geryl and the General lost no time in taking advantage of their new posts and doing what they could to secure their own comfort.  The General happily assigned three more of Geryl’s minions to the guard and quietly began making other changes that might benefit his new master.  The guard was quite astonished to learn what had passed in the night, as was the court but quite pleased with the outcome, save perhaps a bit disappointed that it had not been a public execution.  The king went about his business as usual and wondered how he ever put up with such insipidness only the day before.  His heart was truly changed and it ached to lead his people justly once more.  So engrossed were they with their new plans, the general and Geryl noticed nothing strange, save that the boy had been promoted, but then who cared what came of the servants as long as they did their job?  The day passed and not much of anything happened, though the King and the Brethren were not happy to see the new additions to the guard.  Palir had hoped to find some men loyal to the king in their midst but found only opportunists, such mercenaries would not be useful allies.

Three of the guards sat in the kitchen in the company of several of the senior maids, who giggled and laughed at their inane jokes.  A half empty pitcher of wine, not their first, sat on the table before them.  One of the guards was telling of his valiant struggle the previous night with the fiend intent on killing the king and his singlehanded rescue of his Majesty.  He told how the man had fought bitterly but to no avail and then had begged for his life and wept bitterly until the axe fell and silenced his whining.  The maids did not half believe him and the other man who had been there the previous night certainly did not, but they were beyond caring about veracity and simply enjoyed the boastful tale.  Suddenly a pale form passed in the hall outside the kitchen but in full view of the revelers.  The women screamed and the boastful guard fainted dead away.  Word quickly spread that the castle was haunted but most thought it just the result of too much wine on a weak mind.  
The three conspirators smiled in anticipation of further hauntings.  Brinn had somewhere acquired a ragged garment of soiled white that looked a haggard example of the more proper guard uniform and a little flour applied to skin and hair rendered one quite ghoulish, at least from a distance.  Palir laughed to see himself so clad and said, “ghosts as commonly held do not exist but I suppose among living men I am the closest there is to such an apparition.”  They were quite certain that these strange sightings would do little to impress Geryl but perhaps they might cause his support amongst the more foolish of the castle to vanish in fright, especially when he would not take their concerns seriously.
For several more nights, Palir made a ghostly appearance to those drunk or half asleep at their posts.  The guard was very nearly convinced that the apparition had a vendetta against them for their part in its demise.  A few of the more superstitious even vanished without a word to anyone.  The General was disgusted with the behavior of his men and called them to task, which did nothing to encourage them but only stoked their desperation.  The General would not believe in the apparition until he saw it with his own eyes but somewhere deep within, guilt ever gnawed at him.  Geryl scoffed at such rumors, knowing full well that nothing existed beyond death and thus ghosts were of no consequence.  He watched the king closely but noted no change in his behavior, but still concerned that some of his minions were suffering from the jitters, he asked, “Majesty, what think you of this wraith that some say is haunting your castle?”  
The King smiled patronizingly and said, “until it properly introduces itself it is of no concern to me.  What can the dead have to do with the living?”  Mollified, Geryl went to attend to other business.  That night the wraith appeared to the General.  He was in his new office pouring over the paperwork he would use to build up his army as Geryl had suggested.  What was the use of being a General if one had no army to command?  It was late and the candle had burned low.  His eyes were heavy and the pitcher of wine was nearly emptied in the course of the night.  He had left the door to the chamber open to capture something of the breeze that wafted along the hall from windows and doors further on.  He finally gave in to his exhaustion, put up his pen, and rose to go to bed.  He blew out the candle, turned around, and froze; there in the door stood Palir, or whatever remained of him.  
“You…you…you were dead!” squawked the General, which is very unbecoming in a man of his station.  
“Yes,” was all it said.  
“What do you want?” stuttered the general.  
“Justice,” said the seeming wraith.  
A great gust of wind blew down the hall and the door slammed shut, caught on the breeze.  The General jumped in terror and swung the door wide but no one was there.  What could the thing mean by justice?  Unable to sleep, the terror-stricken man ran to the chambers in which Geryl dwelt.  He banged upon the door and Geryl opened it a crack to see what the emergency was.  Seeing the general, he opened the door and quietly put away the knife he had been clutching.  He said in a deprecating tone, “what is it that has you so terrified that you think it wise to waken me at such an hour?”  
The general nearly shrieked, “the ghost!  I saw it!  It was the man we had killed.  He wants justice!”  
Geryl smirked coldly, “you are drunk and distraught from overwork my friend.  Why not take a few days and rest in the country before you kill yourself with exhaustion, else I might have to kill you myself, for you are of no use to me like this!”  The man quickly sobered and bowed deeply saying he would do as Geryl so sensibly suggested, as he feared Geryl more than any wraith.  Once the man was gone, Geryl sat deep in thought, wondering what this seeming spirit might intend.  He fell asleep with his ponderings unanswered.  Upon waking he sought out the Steward, who quickly gained him an audience with the bothersome boy present that fateful night.
“Tell me boy,” snarled Geryl, “what know you of this ghost that some say haunts the castle?  Some think it the wandering spirit of the man who tried the life of the king and utterly failed.  What say you?”  
The terrified boy said, “the man in question was friendly to me when all others turned a blind eye and deaf ear.  I was distressed to watch him die but you saw as well as I, his severed head.  Can such a man yet be abroad among the living?  I know little what happens beyond this mortal sphere but can attest that I have seen no dead man walking.”  
The man nodded and said, “what passed in the king’s chambers after we left?”  
The boy shrugged and said, “what interest can there be in a man spared from death rejoicing in his salvation?”  
Suddenly a great weight, as if it were an evil will gathered into a hammer to smote weaker minds, pressed upon the boy’s thoughts, but protected by the grace of the Master, it had no effect upon him though all but the strongest of wills would have crumbled under its pressure.  The man seemed unaware of his lack of success and said with vehemence, “tell me what you have left unsaid boy, lest you try my patience and soon regret it.”  
The boy feigned a dazed reaction and said in his blandest voice, “I have told you all I can.”  
Geryl leaned back and sighed, “then you may go, but remember that this conversation never took place.”  The boy scampered from the room and left Geryl alone with his thoughts.  He did not quite trust the boy and felt he must have some part in the strange happenings, but what could a mere servant do?  He would bear watching, however.
The boy hastened back to the King and said, “I think your advisor grows suspicious.  I felt all his fell will upon mine, trying to force me to tell all I knew.”  
The king sighed, “we had best inform our friendly spirit and make plans to end his scheming before he takes matters into his own hands.”  
Brinn fetched Palir from across the hall and they held their council of war in the King’s chambers.  Soon they had a plan, if a sketchy one.  Brinn ran to fetch the two heavy laborers faithful to the fell man and led them to a room deep in the bowels of the castle and asked that they help him move certain crates and barrels.  They grumbled about being so abused but dared not disobey a servant that served the King personally.  They made their way into the room and the boy quickly shut the door and barred it against them.  Palir made an appearance in the barracks that housed the guards and gave them such a fright that half of them fled ill clothed into the night, the three minions of darkness included; the rest were too terrified to stir from their beds and lay there wishing for a swift death.  All that now remained were Geryl, his apprentice, and the General.  As he left the barracks, Palir did not know he had acquired a shadow.  Geryl’s apprentice was now quite certain the ghost was a living, and most certainly breathing, man; he raced off to tell his master.  
Meanwhile, Palir returned to the General’s quarters, where the man again worked feverishly over his papers, not heeding his master’s advice.  He looked up in utter horror again upon the visage of him whom he knew was dead.  He screamed and flung himself out the window with a howled, “you will never have me!”  Palir looked in astonishment and grief to the shattered form in the courtyard countless feet below.  He had not intended it to end this way but guilt had so gnawed at the man that even the sight of the man he had wronged was enough to drive him to desperate means to rid himself of his nagging regret.
Palir withdrew and returned to the King’s chambers to assess their progress and regroup before the final confrontation with Geryl.  He was horrified to find Geryl and his apprentice awaiting him, holding Brinn and the King at sword point.  
Geryl smiled villainously, “so our terrible ghost has deigned to join us.  Come in my friend and let us see if you can haunt your way out of this disaster.”  Palir had his sword bared but sheathed it when he saw it would not avail the two captives.  Geryl sneered, “you are no ghost but a living man.  I saw your severed head!  How is it you are whole and living once more?  Is this some terrible trick of your wretched Master?”  
Palir said quietly, “I was most certainly dead and had passed into eternity when the Master sent me back to dwell again among the living that I might aid in driving your evil from Arca.”  
Geryl smiled terribly, “well you have certainly failed and it is good to know that the king is now against me.  The boy I never trusted, and yet is of no consequence.  The only question remains what to do with the three of you?  I would certainly kill you Majesty if I could hope to gain your throne uncontested, but alas that is not yet possible.  Perhaps in a few weeks once my armies are gathered and we march to war.”  
Palir smiled grimly, “your traitorous general is dead.  In his fright he took his own life.  Half the guard is fled in utter fear.  You have no army and none to lead them.”  
Anger tightened the man’s mouth and eyes as he drew the boy close and held the dagger to his throat.  He sneered, “I will kill your servant because you have killed mine, then I shall kill you and have my way with the king.”  
Palir drew his sword and said, “I have tasted once of death and fear it not.  Release the boy and the King, and you may do with me as you please, else you may kill the boy but I shall certainly kill you and your vile pupil ere I am struck down.”  
Brinn said in fear, “you cannot do this!  Do what you must but do not count my life worth more than your own or as an excuse that these fiends might escape justice.”  
Geryl growled, “very noble of you boy but I doubt your friend will agree with you.”  Palir looked on the brink of tears but he knew the boy was right.  He raised his sword, met the boy’s eyes, and leapt upon the vile men.  Brinn smiled grimly and nodded farewell.  Geryl shrieked, “I will kill the boy unless you desist in this madness!”  
Palir said in grief, “loose the boy and perhaps we can discuss this further, but he knows his duty and I know mine.  Loose him or I shall destroy you utterly.”  The King had drawn back to a far corner of the room but the dark apprentice had followed him, sword bared.  
Geryl barked, “kill the king and then slay the infidel.”  The king dodged the first blow and Palir reached him before the second fell.  The inexperienced boy was quickly overcome and Palir turned to face Geryl, who even as he watched slew Brinn and flung his lifeless body aside.  Grief-stricken, Palir leapt into a frantic battle with the murderer.  The man was a skilled swordsman but Palir was no novice.  The King had never seen such a deadly yet beautiful dance.
The blades flashed in the candlelight and after many minutes of no success on either side, Palir struck a killing blow but with his blade buried in Geryl’s chest he had no way to block the dying man’s return stroke.  They fell gasping together to the floor and each crawled to opposite sides of the room.  Geryl gasped, “I have never killed a man twice, but it is somehow exhilarating, even if my own life is also spent.  At least I will be blissfully unaware of anything ever after.”  
Palir lay on his side, too weak to move, and gasped, “fool, do you yet deny the Master?  He who once raised me from the dead must also have dominion over all the souls of men.  How can you think there is nothing beyond this mortal sphere?  It is simply another lie of your dark master.”  
Geryl scoffed, “much good your precious Master’s gift did you!  It simply got the boy killed.  You have squandered his gift.  I will not pretend to know or care what lies beyond.  I will take my chances.  I will not even now, on the brink of death, humble myself before so weak a thing as your Master.”  
Palir did not respond, he slumped to the floor, gave one rattling breath, and lay still.  The King wept openly, knowing the two had died to save him and his kingdom.  Geryl mocked the monarch but the King paid him no heed.  Geryl was not pleased to die so ignored but he had little say in the matter and thus did he pass from among the living.  
“Why do you weep?” asked a gentle but firm Voice.  
The king looked up and gazed once more upon the Master.  He found himself on his knees and said, “I weep for those that died in my stead my Lord; why must my foolishness have cost such noble men their lives?  Can I not somehow take their place?”
“Nay, child,” said the Master, “each man must face his own destiny and none can know why certain things are as they sometimes must be, save I.  It is your duty to trust in Me and know I work all things out for good, though you might not understand it at the time.  I need you here leading My people.  The greater evil has been conquered but there are yet a few lingering pockets that must be driven out of existence.  You also need someone to guide you in the days to come until you have acquainted yourself with My Truth and Law.  I give you again the loan of My servants but their days are short, so make full use of their talents and skills.  Weep not when their time comes again, for you shall meet again beyond time, as long as you are faithful to Me.  Farewell, child.”  He nuzzled the King gently, gazed with His great eyes upon the fallen Brethren, and again life stirred within their mortal frames.  Suddenly He was gone and the three again exchanged a wondering look.  
Palir smiled and said, “we need to quit making a habit of this!”  
The next weeks were spent clearing Arca of Geryl’s minions and restoring justice to all and sundry.  Palir taught the King and Brinn all he could of the Truth and the Common Law.  Both were avid students and learned quickly that which he imparted.  Finally, a day came when Palir asked the King and Brinn to meet him in the stables.  They humored him and met in the very odd location.  They found him with his arms around the neck of a great stallion and both knew they looked upon a unicorn, though veiled in the guise of a mortal horse.  Palir turned to Brinn and said, “our time has come to leave Arca.  You must ride for Astoria and seek there what you must.”
The King asked, “and what of you?”  
Palir smiled a little sadly, but a great eagerness sparkled in his eyes, “the Master calls me home and this time I shall not return.  He spoke truly when He said my heart would long to return thence and so it does.  Brinn has things yet to accomplish and my dear friend has agreed to aid him.  Neither of you must grieve, for of all men I have certainly lived longer than expected.  Majesty, you will lead your people well as long as you remain faithful to the Master.  Perhaps one day again you will have an advisor from Astoria.  Farewell my friends!”  
Brinn flung his arms around his friend one last time and for a moment he touched flesh but then they passed through thin air though Palir yet stood before them.  He smiled joyfully, raised a hand in farewell, and then vanished from mortal sight.  Brinn cautiously approached the great creature, who greeted him eagerly and they found comfort in one another’s grief.  They bid farewell to the King and rode for Astoria.  The King watched them go and wondered at all the strange things he had seen and lived through.  Long did he reign with justice and compassion and as long as he lived, Arca flourished but those that came after were not of similar mind to their great ancestor and Arca likewise did not reach its full potential.

Thus it was with tears of grief and joy that Brinn began his journey to Astoria.  He knew little of horsemanship but Contra, Palir’s former mount, seemed to know this and helped him learn all that he should know about the art of riding as they journeyed.  The boy wore a sword but he was hardly fit to defend himself, for he had had little time in which to learn the weapon.  He wondered what it would be like once he reached the fabled city, though it was now all but abandoned.  He did not know what he would find there but only knew that thence he must go.  Contra was a merry companion all the long and otherwise lonely way, keeping his new master quite safe from the dangers so often found upon the road in those lesser days.  A unicorn could travel swift and unseen had he a will to do so and thus did they pass like a silent wind.  
Finally they came to the ancient borders of that mysterious land and Contra quickened his pace that they might reach the city by nightfall.  The road was overgrown and tangled with weeds and brush, but this was no hindrance to a unicorn, who could move easily through the most tangled wild wood.  As the sun gave up his daily battle with the coming night and bowed his head reluctantly behind the hills, the breathless boy and his noble mount stood upon a hill and looked upon a city renowned in legend, whose true nature was fogged by myth and rumor.  An unbidden tear welled in Brinn’s eye, though he had never seen this place before he felt as if he looked upon the ruins of what had long been his home.  Contra noted the signs of decay and neglect but his only emotional response was concern for his master’s unease; unicorns cared little for cities and the other dominions of men and endured them only in service to their human companions.  
The great fields surrounding the city were overgrown and there were obvious signs of neglect as one looked at the houses and other structures outside the walls of Astoria.  The gates hung open and moaned mournfully in the slight breeze.  The walls stood firm but here and there a creeping vine was making its slow, vegetative climb to the top and would soon undermine the stone itself if not rooted out.  The buildings within the walls were equally neglected but they could see little in the failing light and swiftly made their way towards the castle.  The castle walls and gates seemed in better repair, for here there were still people to tend them, but not enough to see to the needs of the rest of the city.  The gates were shut for the night and a lone sentinel perched upon the wall keeping watch.  He sprang to his feet at the approach of the stranger and said, “welcome to all that remains of Astoria, weary traveler.  Who are you and what is it you seek?”  
Brinn laughed quietly to himself, for he did not know what it was he sought, but he said, “I am called Brinn and come from Arca at the behest of one of the Brethren called Palir.  What it is I seek I am not yet certain; I only know that I was bidden hither.”
The boy climbed from his perch and said, “I shall fetch Skye and he will attend you.”  He vanished into the darkened castle leaving Brinn to wonder exactly who Skye was.  The boy quickly returned with a man close upon his heels.  
The boy resumed his post and the man looked curiously at Brinn; he seemed quite surprised for some reason.  Brinn could tell by looking at him that this Skye was one of his comrades, perhaps that was why the man was perplexed, for he saw one of the Brethren but knew him not.  The gates were quickly opened and the boy rode into the courtyard, dismounted, and turned to speak with the man.  Skye began, “forgive my rudeness but I thought I knew all of the Brethren that yet lived.  How did you come to be numbered among us?”  
Brinn smiled in amusement and said, “it is a long and strange tale but this is of the Master’s own doing.”  
Skye returned his grin and said, “well if that be the case we shall certainly enjoy the telling, but come you are weary with travel and we must not leave you standing about in the dark.  Welcome home!”
They bid goodnight to the boy upon the wall and hurried into the castle after seeing to Contra’s comfort.  Brinn followed Skye deeper into the castle and they entered a large kitchen wherein sat a dozen young men and a woman of an age with Skye, she was also one of the Brethren.  Mina stood and though obviously surprised, welcomed the newcomer into their midst.  They found him a place at the table and something to eat; he began his strange tale once the edge had been taken off his hunger.  All sat mesmerized and astonished by the telling and some of the gathered boys had disbelief writ large upon their faces.
Brinn finally finished and silence reigned for a few moments as they absorbed what it was they had just heard.  Finally Skye spoke, “it saddens me to learn that Palir and Frieda are no longer abroad in the world, but it is a great encouragement to know that even in these dark days the Master is still present and active amongst us, even though we are sometimes tempted to think ourselves forgotten when we know quite well we are not.  Welcome to Astoria my boy!  Once you would have received the best education in the world, but for now you must endure the meager fare we set before you.  The townsfolk and all the Brethren, save ourselves, are long fled and only sporadically do we hear from the latter.  Most of the students have gone also, but a few hang about for reasons of their own.  We are a pitiful remnant but we carry on as best we can.  All take a turn in the endless tasks that must be done to keep such an enterprise afloat but there is still much time for study and learning of various kinds.  So to which Sect do you aspire?”  
Brinn cocked an eyebrow, “sect?”  
Skye laughed, “I see you know very little of our ways but fear not, for we shall very soon have you corrupted to our oddities.  There are four distinct sects within the Brethren, each with its own unique function, though all are expected to be well-rounded and knowledgeable individuals.  The Messenger sect is all but extinct, the Warriors spend much of their time chasing bandits and fell creatures in the wildlands, the Philosophers are masters of knowledge and lore while the Teachers spread the Truth and the Law to all lands and peoples.
Brinn asked, “of which sect was Palir?”  
Skye said sadly, “he was a Warrior, though the late Lady had been pressing him hard to join the Messengers, of which she had very few.  Frieda was a Teacher, more inclined to sing than tell tales but her service was the same.”  
Brinn smiled and said, “I think I am more inclined towards the Teaching sect, for I am no warrior and neither am I one to study and interpret the Law and the Truth!”  
Skye smiled and said, “had you wished to become a Philosopher I could have taken you on as an apprentice, but this being your wish we shall foist you upon the first unwary Teacher that returns to Astoria to rest or gather news.  Until then you will join us here and learn whatever it is we can yet teach you.”  
Brinn bowed his head and said, “for that I would be most grateful.”  
The meal finished, they then began to clean up and then listened to Skye as he told a forgotten tale before the fire and then it was all to bed, for they always rose early.  All shared in cleaning, cooking, tending the gardens and livestock, standing watch, maintaining the library and its contents, and all the myriad other duties that were required in their miniscule outpost.  The students were at first distant with their new colleague, for both his fantastic tale and also for being numbered amongst the Brethren.  All had been present during the last Oathtaking three years prior and all had refused to take the Oath for one reason or another, but all remained in Astoria to learn though they had no intention of ever joining the Brethren.  Most simply had nowhere else to go and at least here was food, comfort, and safety along with a rather pleasant life of work and study.  Most had wandered off with the townsfolk but these few remained. 
With time and shared company, the other boys gradually warmed to Brinn, and he found himself among friends of his own age but of highly varied background and interests.  Mina and Skye taught for a few hours each day but much of their time was spent attending to the contents of the Library while they left the household tasks to the boys.  The boys spent what remained of their study time in independent learning or learning from one another.  Those most skilled with the sword helped Brinn learn the basics of the art, while he helped them in turn learn more of the Law or the Truth.  Six months passed in this manner when a weary man rode up to the gates of the castle as evening was coming on and only moments after they had been closed for the night.  Brinn sat upon the wall during his turn at watch and greeted his comrade enthusiastically.  He jumped down from his perch and hastily opened the gates.  
The man dismounted and led his mount into the courtyard and said to the boy, “what passes in Astoria of late?”  
Brinn shrugged and said, “not much of anything sir, save a simple life of work and learning.”  
The man laughed and said, “you had best not call me sir, for I am not yet old enough to bear that title, perhaps in another century or two.  I am called Ibis.”  Brinn introduced himself and directed the newcomer into the castle where he might find the evening meal already in progress.  The man smiled sadly and said, “it is a difficult sight to see Astoria so neglected but perhaps one day she will be again what once she was.”  He bowed politely to the boy, stabled his mount, and made his way into the kitchens as one who knew well the way.
Mina and Skye greeted him warmly and asked after tidings in the world but there was not much to tell, save that perhaps the wars and plagues were finally at an end.  The people were yet attentive to his message but there was little hope, much doubt, and no little despair in all corners of the world, but humanity was determined to go on regardless, though many seemed to either doubt the Master existed because of or blamed Him for the recent sufferings of all humanity.  The Brethren would speak the Truth while they yet had one man to give voice, but their numbers were now too few to turn the entire world from its bitter thoughts and must be content with doing what they could with those nearest to them.  
Ibis was quite surprised to find himself the new mentor of the boy he had just met upon the gates.  After the last Oathtaking, he thought it unlikely that he would have an apprentice again so soon.  He was intrigued by the boy’s tale and was not disappointed to have such a companion when he again left Astoria to do what he could to drive back the encroaching night.  With no Lady to tell them when Brinn was ready to try his wings, Ibis had to make the decision himself but was loath to part with his dear friend, but knew he must go his own way in the world and do what he could.  They had traveled together for two years and the time of their sundering had come.  Ibis smiled sadly and said, “the Southern Kingdoms are still well populated and there are few of the Brethren there, perhaps that is where you should begin your illustrious career?”  The boy smiled, embraced his former mentor, and after an extended parting rode south, ready to take on the world.  Ibis watched him ride off with a mix of pride and sadness, before turning east to resume his own duties.


Chapter 6

Brinn lay on a hillside enjoying the warm spring sunshine and watching the clouds driven swiftly across the sky by the gusty wind like so many startled sheep.  Contra grazed contentedly at his back and they simply enjoyed the other’s silent presence.  It had been twenty years since he had said farewell to Ibis, perhaps on this very hill.  In that time he had seen much of the Southern Kingdoms and spoken boldly in countless inns and anywhere else a curious crowd might gather.  Knowledge of the Master, and trust in Him, continued to decline despite the best efforts of the surviving Brethren.  In another few decades He might be considered all but myth, if not completely forgotten.  It had been twenty five years and still there was no Lady in Astoria, but the Brethren never lost hope though their numbers continued to dwindle due to age, accident, and violence.  People were eager to hear their tales, if not exactly appreciative of their underlying message, for as civilization slowly began to reassert itself people were hungry for news and knowledge which was yet quite scarce after the upset of recent centuries.  Occasionally Brinn had been driven off with violence or threats thereof, but most often he was simply ignored.  He mused that perhaps his was occasionally a more difficult task than that espoused by the Warriors but he knew it was for this he had been made and enjoyed the challenge of it though he would have easily fallen into discouragement had the Master not leant him strength, hope, and patience.  
Suddenly Contra lifted his head and whickered a warning, he had heard the approach of quiet feet.  Brinn reached for his sword but did not yet draw it forth.  He grinned ruefully and relaxed his grip upon the hilt when he saw who the intruders were: a trio of young ladies from the nearby village, dressed in their finest, were chatting quietly amongst themselves as they made their way along the road.  Brinn had been planning to speak at the village inn this night and had been waiting for a more appropriate hour in which to make his request of the innkeeper, but there must be something else planned for this night, else the ladies would not be abroad in their humble finery.  He stood and made his way down the hill.  The girls startled for a moment, not having seen him, lost as they were in their conversation.  
He bowed politely and said, “I am sorry to startle you dear maids, but may I ask whither you are bound, dressed as you are?”  
The girls giggled and thus betrayed their relative youth.  The tallest said, “why sir, are you unaware of the dance that will be held this very evening in the meadow yonder?”  
Brinn smiled and said, “I am a stranger in these lands and thank you for your kind insight.  Will all the village folk be there?”  
The girls laughed all the more and the girl spoke again, “but of course!  None miss such an occasion, unless confined to bed with some dire illness, even then some yet come.  Would you be our guest this night?”
Brinn smiled and bowed politely, “I would be most grateful for your kind invitation.”  
The girls giggled once more, thinking him quite handsome, obviously a hero (for who but a hero wore a sword and spoke so well?) and not that much older than they, though he was easily twice their age, yet as one of the slowly aging Brethren he hardly looked it.  He joined them as they made their way leisurely towards the great field where the entire population of the area would soon be gathering.  Once a month on pleasant evenings in the warmer parts of the year the villagefolk thus gathered to enjoy the company of their fellows, much food, and good music.
The girls seemed a bit disappointed to learn the handsome stranger had not come seeking a wife and had not planned to stay on indefinitely, but they were mollified when he promised to dance with each of them.  Their conversation soon ended as others arrived and there were greetings all around and much curiosity over the stranger.  Eventually the sun began to sink and all had gathered.  A local band of surprising talent puffed and strummed away on a variety of instruments and the dance was begun.  The dancers paired off and formed long lines down the center of the meadow and whirled, turned, and flew like madmen in an intricate pattern in time with the music.  There was little talent but much joy in the sheer exuberance of living and moving and being.  Finally the last notes were struck and the weary but jubilant villagers made their way to the tables laden with food for one last course, a little conversation, and then off to bed.
As they were standing about chatting, a mounted stranger approached out of the darkness and all eyes turned to gaze upon him.  He slid from his horse and an older couple rushed out of the crowd to meet him.  They spoke silently for a time; joy and grief mingled on their faces with much expectation.  They finished speaking and the older man went into the gathered villagefolk and brought forth his only daughter.  The stranger bowed politely and spoke to her quietly.  She suddenly paled as the man spoke and looked to her parents in disbelief but they nodded their agreement.  The villagers and Brinn looked on curiously.  Suddenly Contra alerted his master to the approach of galloping hooves.  The stranger reached for his sword and seemed aware of the oncoming intruders as well.  A dozen armed men galloped into the meadow, an arrow took the stranger in the chest, and another half dozen slew his mount.  The villains not working their bows swept in and scooped up the girl and galloped with her into the darkness.  The villagefolk screamed and were in utter chaos.  
Brinn ran to his stricken comrade and knelt by the dying man’s side.  He gasped in pain but smiled to see he was not alone amidst the chaos.  He said weakly, “was sent by the King to retrieve his only child and heir…hidden with and raised by surrogate parents to protect child from internal conflict and danger…princess was stolen by hostile men with unknown purpose…you must ride after them and retrieve the girl else civil war may be the result…”  He groaned once as he slumped in death.  Brinn shot to his feet and sought out the girl’s parents and promised to retrieve their adopted daughter or die trying.  Contra came galloping out of the night and they gave chase.  The girl’s surrogate parents tried to calm the frantic mass of their folk and explain what had just happened.
Contra had no difficulty following the thundering horde in the darkness though the fiends certainly could not maintain that pace in the pitch dark for long without fear of killing themselves or their mounts in a fall or collision.  They galloped a little further and then slowed to a saner pace.  Three men fell back to act as a rear guard and three more rode ahead as scouts.  As he rode, Brinn wondered what he had entangled himself in.  He was no Warrior!  Contra chastened him and he smiled ruefully to think that the Master called them all to be Warriors or Teachers at need.  There was no one else to attempt a rescue thus he must do it himself and therefore was he a warrior, if only for a little while.  Contra sensed the rearguard ahead and they vanished into the woods, ghosting through the trees and easily passing the scouts without them even suspecting their presence.
As dawn was breaking, the villains finally took to the woods and made camp in a small dell that offered some protection from casual observation.  They set a watch, secured their prisoner, and were soon enough asleep.  Brinn wondered if he should attempt a rescue or wait until the villains revealed their sinister plot.  It would be suicide to rush into the bandit camp alone and hope to rescue the girl.  He had best wait for a more opportune time to abscond with their captive and perhaps by then he might learn what they were up to and who else was involved, for someone within the ruling circles of Salita must certainly be involved or such a plot would be futile.  If there was a traitor in the court, he must discover the rat and alert the king.
They slept for the better part of the day and took once more to the road as the sun sank.  Brinn had dozed off and on while Contra kept careful watch.  A contingent of the King’s men occasionally patrolled the road but they failed to find the bandits in the thickly wooded terrain.  Again scouts were sent ahead and behind, Brinn and Contra rode silently alongside through the woods.  About midnight a half dozen of the King’s Guards encountered the fiends and a battle ensued.  The six guardsmen were killed but so were seven of the villains.  They hid the dead in the woods and pressed even harder upon their way, now more wary than ever about encountering another patrol.  They encountered no more pursuit that night and made an uneasy camp to await the coming night.
The fiends roused as the sun was setting and turned west along a less traveled road.  They rode for several hours and soon approached a massive house with a great wall about it.  Brinn knew if they got the girl inside he would have almost no chance of rescuing her.  He urged Contra out of the woods and the unicorn revealed all his terrible glory as they emerged.  The horses panicked and for a time the villains were at the Teacher’s mercy.  He killed two of them with his sword; a horse, mad with fear, carried another off.  The two who remained fought their mounts desperately; the captured girl was bound fast to a horse like so much baggage.  The wretched beast pulled his reins free from the man who yet held them and disappeared down the road.  Brinn rode quickly after the girl, leaving his two foes to regain control of their beasts.
Contra hid his true form and the panicked horse soon quieted.  Brinn cut the girl’s bonds and put her on Contra’s back.  The unicorn whickered anxiously, sensing the approach of the three surviving villains.  Brinn was about to leap into his saddle when two rode up from behind and one appeared ahead of them.  He felt a sword pierce his ribs as he ordered Contra to run and not look back.  The noble creature screamed in agony but did as his master bid him.  The last thing Brinn saw was the retreating unicorn and the girl looking back with terror in her wide eyes.  Darkness took him and he knew nothing more.  He woke not long after as they dragged him along the road leading to the great house.  The guards and servants seemed to be expecting them or this was a common occurrence, for none seemed surprised at their appearance or the injured man in their company.  The three survivors dragged him into the great entrance hall of the house and dropped him on the cold stone floor, where he lay breathing raggedly in a growing puddle of his own blood.  The master of the house quickly descended the stairs and seemed to be finishing the last touches of his morning dressing ritual.  He stared at the bandits and the dying man who was soiling his floor with equal disgust.
The lord scowled, “this is no princess!”  
The bandit leader said, “no lord.”  
“Well?” asked the impatient lord.  
The bandit growled, “we fell afoul of the King’s Guard and then this fool interfered and we are all that survives of my gang.  He managed to free the wench and tossed her on the back of a seeming unicorn and the beast vanished with the speed of the wind.  We could not have caught him with fresh horses and certainly not with ours nearly spent in the haste of our flight.”  
The lord scowled, “I do not like failure, especially a plot twenty years in the making!  I should destroy the rest of your pitiful gang for your bungling.  How am I to gain the throne or foment civil war without the king’s precious heir to exploit?  The girl will certainly ride back to her father and tell all that has happened.  She will bring his Majesty back here and all will know I have plotted against the King.”  
He glanced in distaste at Brinn and said, “and what did you bring this corpse into my house for?  Can I not even have a clean house when the King arrives to proclaim me a traitor?”  
The bandit said, “my lord, have we not suffered enough for this plot?  We brought the fool along, for someone must pay for this, and we thought perhaps your devious mind could find some use for him.”  
The lord scoffed, “he will not live long enough to be of any use!  What I need is a princess.  Give me one good reason why I should not kill you all?”  
The bandit shrugged, “we are at your mercy it seems, but then would it not be useful to have our testimony as to what happened when the King arrives?  Perhaps we could blame everything on these cursed Brethren?”
The lord scoffed, “and what would that avail?  The King knows full well the trustworthiness of the fools, for it was his Advisor from the Lady that was entrusted with hiding his daughter at her birth twenty years ago and the same that was sent to retrieve her.  It was he that foiled my plans all those years ago and even today stands in my way.  That the girl will arrive safely aback a unicorn will be testimony enough of their fidelity.  As for your witness, I would rather confess everything and face the headsman than rely on the testimony of such scoundrels.  You will probably sell me out to save your own skins.  No, I think I will make an end of you and blame everything on you, and say that you thought to take over my manor and force me to take part in your schemes but I managed to overcome you.”  He nodded curtly and six of his guards emerged, as if from nowhere, and dragged the bandits away.  
The lord smiled grimly and then looked once more upon Brinn.  He used a booted toe to turn the stricken man onto his back.  “Well now,” smiled the lord, “perhaps this is more pleasant than I had imagined.  You do not remember me boy?”  Brinn grunted but the meaning was indeterminate; he was beyond speaking.  The lord laughed and said, “I was in league with Geryl in Arca when you and that other fellow made so much trouble.  I was placed among the servants only shortly before things fell apart and fled as soon as I knew my master dead.  I returned home and assumed my father’s place and title after he succumbed to an unfortunate accident.  Since, I have tried to gain the crown of Salita for my own.  Because of you I have failed once more.”
 Lord Valgrath waited for a response, any response, from the stricken man but it seemed he was beyond caring about much of anything.  In disappointment at the seeming boy’s lack of astonishment the lord said, “you are a rather useless prisoner.  You have not even the decency to entertain your host.  Is it not rude enough that you have soiled my hall and now you will not even acknowledge my presence?  I had come to expect better of your kind.  A pity I cannot find some use for your wretched life.”  
“Perhaps you can my lord,” said an aged female voice from deep in the shadows of a distant corner of the hall.  
Valgrath looked up and asked, “what can be done with such a pathetic specimen, witch?  Surely you do not suggest attempting to heal him?”  
The hag laughed and said, “of course not my liege.  My powers are useless on one such as he.  At least while he lives.  Do you truly think the King will believe you have no part in these schemes?  What if I could offer you a second chance at life and the throne?”  
The lord looked interested and said, “if you can accomplish that I will do whatever you ask.”  
The witch smiled cruelly and said, “I want rule over your house and lands once you ascend the throne.”  
The man laughed, “ambitious, but I shall certainly make you the Lady of these lands if you can do as you say.”  
Her smiled deepened and she said, “then you had best bring your prisoner before life fails him completely.  He is of no use dead.”  
Valgrath nodded to the two guards standing by and they took Brinn by the shoulders and followed after the retreating witch and their lord.  The guards laid the stricken man on a great table and then withdrew to the side of the room in morbid curiosity to watch what was to come.  The witch faced the lord and said, “this is a highly risky venture and we have not much time.  You may die in the process, but if it is successful you will have a new face but the same mind.  The King will consider you his daughter’s savior and I think will likely offer you her hand and thus make you his heir.”  
Valgrath raised an eyebrow and said, “I am a dead man anyway.  I am willing to take the risk, for the gain is what I have sought all these long years.  It will be a delightful trick to play upon his Majesty.  Begin!”  
The hag cackled and began chanting in a fell language.  Even in his half-comatose state, Brinn could feel evil power gathering about the room as if it were a fog rolling in.  As the vile chanting reached a crescendo the hag plunged her dagger into Brinn’s heart, finishing what the bandits had begun.  The tone of her chanting changed, she placed a hand on the forehead of the corpse, and suddenly the wounds were healed, though to what end Valgrath as yet could not understand.  Who healed the dead?  She then slashed Brinn’s palm with her dagger and motioned for Valgrath to offer his hand for similar treatment.  He could do nothing but trust her.  She slashed his palm and said, “this is the dangerous part.  Take the boy’s injured hand with yours and then tell your guards to cut your throat.”  
The man squawked, “are you mad?”  
The hag laughed, “if you wish to end the ritual now that is your choice, but the King’s men will be here ere long.”  
Valgrath sighed deeply and took the dead man’s hand and nodded to one of the guards.  The guard shook his head vehemently and Valgrath growled, “do it or I shall cut your throat!”
Cowed, the guard approached and stood beside his master, waiting to do the unthinkable.  The hag again began her fell chanting and then nodded firmly to the guard, who did as he was instructed.  Valgrath fell dead to the floor but it was not at this that the guards stared in stunned fascination.  Brinn’s eyes again held life and the once dead man was sitting up and laughing terribly.  He glanced at the body on the floor and laughed the harder.  “Excellent,” said Valgrath with Brinn’s voice, “I had never thought this even possible.  Why have we never tried it before?”  
The witch smiled grimly, “I was not sure it would work.  It was simply a theory of mine.  It also requires the shedding of innocent blood and I did not think you would look kindly upon child sacrifice as these Brethren have become scarce of late.”  
Valgrath glowered, “you risked my life on a theory?”  
The hag shrugged, “I did warn you and it worked as I had expected it might.  Now what, my dear Brother?”  
Valgrath had a mirror fetched and stared in wonder at his changed countenance.  He then donned fresh clothes and told his guards to assemble the servants and other occupants of the manor.  Once they had gathered he had the two guards and the hag give their testimony and then Valgrath made his own remarks.  He said, “I know this is very strange to all of you but know of a certainty that I am your master and lord, simply with a new face.  You will obey me as faithfully as ever else you will suffer the usual consequences.  I have spent the last two decades assembling a dedicated and trustworthy staff and I hope you will continue in my trust.  I will soon be making my way to the capital and when next you hear from me I hope it shall be from your king!  Our dear witch shall take my place here in ruling my lands.  You will obey her as you have obeyed me.  Serve faithfully and you shall certainly be rewarded; you know what shall happen else.  When the King arrives, you are to welcome his messengers and treat them as honored guests.  To their knowledge your lord is dead at the hand of one of the Brethren and only upon his death did you learn of his treachery, thus turning your back on your former lord and looking faithfully to the King.  Of course you shall remain faithful to me no matter what you tell the King and his minions.  Understood?”  
There was much astonishment but all nodded, for their lives depended upon it; they would play their part.  They had seen many strange things over the years but nothing to match this.  By the time evening fell, four guards in the King’s colors rode up to the gate and demanded an audience with Lord Valgrath.  They were admitted immediately and Valgrath came forth in Brinn’s body, carrying his own head.  The guards looked with distaste and astonishment upon the head and Valgrath began his tale.  He said, “I am glad you are come!  Is the princess safe?”  
One of the guards said, “her Majesty came riding like the wind upon the back of the most astonishing beast!  She encountered our patrol and we sent her immediately on to her father with two of our number while the rest came to see what treachery Lord Valgrath had perpetrated.  I see the Lord is dead.  Tell us the tale if you will, stranger?”  
Valgrath grinned eagerly and said, “it was my own unicorn upon which I set the princess and bid him run to safety.  I had followed the fiends from that fateful village where they had absconded with the girl.  One of your patrols destroyed half their number yet I dared not confront them.  Then I saw them intent on entering this place and made a desperate attempt to free the girl ere she was truly beyond my reach.  I felled more of the fiends and managed to free the girl, but took a mortal wound and was captured by the three surviving brigands who brought me moribund before their lord.  
He had the bandits killed for their failure to obtain the girl and I was to meet a similar fate, but a kind old woman took pity upon me upon hearing of her lord’s treachery.  She was a healer and saved my life.  In full health, I then challenged the traitor to a duel, which he lost.  His servants and guards were astonished at his treachery and are willing to cooperate in making whatever amends his Majesty deems necessary.  It warms my heart to know the girl is safe and Valgrath’s treachery is ended.”  The guards were impressed by the boy’s story and eagerly invited him to join them as they returned to make their report to the King.  Valgrath had his finest horse brought and they rode away as the sun vanished beyond the distant hills.  The servants and guards returned to their normal duties under the supervision of the hag.

Brinn stood unseen in the vacant courtyard watching his treacherous mortal frame ride off with the King’s men.  When death took him he had not vanished into the Master’s country as he was expecting but found himself lingering among the living, though unseen by any of them.  He could not touch anything in the mortal world and could not communicate with the living.  He had never thought to one day find himself a disembodied spirit but such was his trust in the Master that this strange circumstance did not cause the panic or despair that one might think it would incite.  There must be a reason for his lingering where he no longer belonged and it would soon enough be revealed.  He had watched in horror as the old witch had carried out her abominable ritual and in disbelief he saw his body living once more, but with a new and wretched soul in residence.  He had followed Valgrath all day and had to admit that it was a rather ingenious, if quite unholy, plan.  His maunderings were cut short by the sudden appearance of another presence in the courtyard.  Brinn smiled in delight to not only see his old friend but to no longer be completely alone in the universe.  
Palir smiled in amusement at Brinn’s strange predicament, and after a joyful greeting, he said, “the Master has set before you one last quest and then He shall call you home.  You have probably already deduced that this will be your strangest adventure yet?”  
Brinn smiled, “that is a certainty.  What am I to do?”
Palir said, “first you must stop the fiend who is running about in your skin.  He must not be allowed to accomplish that which he intends.  Then you must return here and see that the fell ritual is never again repeated by destroying the hag who devised the vile thing.”  
Brinn smiled, “how am I to accomplish all this when I cannot touch the mortal and the living cannot see or hear me?”  
Palir laughed, “there are some among the living capable of such a feat.”  He gazed significantly at a raven perched upon the stable roof.  The beady-eyed creature met his gaze and squawked in its hoarse voice but did not fly away.  It continued to watch the pair with interest.  Palir turned back to his friend and said, “accomplish what you must and I shall see you again very soon.  Farewell!”  He was gone as suddenly as he had come.  
Brinn was a bit saddened to again say farewell to his friend but was cheered to know the reason he remained among the living.  He looked again at the bird and was certain he caught its eye.  It cackled in seeming laughter as the boy approached and gazed up at the too intelligent bird.  Brinn said, not knowing if he would gain any reply, “and who or what are you that you can look upon that which is hidden from mortal eye?”  
The bird glanced around cautiously but they were alone in the courtyard.  It then spoke, “and who is to say that I am mortal?”  
Brinn smiled, “then who or what are you?  What part have you to play in this strange tale?”  
The raven said, “I do not yet know my part in this story but I shall tell you mine.  I am one of a race of shapeshifters known as the Akoni; we may take whatever mortal form best suits us at the moment.  We dwell far to the north and have little to do with mankind.  Our souls and bodies are immortal and we do not die unless physically slain thus our eyes can see that which is hidden from mortal gaze.  Long ago, men of your order risked their lives to free me from captivity when I was but a child.  I could not then speak but I knew full well what was happening around me.  Your ancient comrades died to save my life and my own people know nothing of the tale.  They would think me mad if I tried to tell them!  Even your own people know nothing of the situation or my kin.  Ever have I felt a need to somehow repay the sacrifice of the Brethren on my behalf and I feel strongly that the time has come for such service to be rendered.”  
Brinn said, “the Brethren require no reparations or payments for their services.  You are not required to make such a sacrifice!”  
The raven squawked in laughter and said, “you perhaps do not require such payment but in my own heart I know this thing must be done.  My people are arrogant in their own power and disdainful to all other thinking creatures.  I would not be seen as they and will do this thing, which I know I must do.  I will aid you in your quest to stop this unholy thief in his tyranny.  How can I be of service?”  
Brinn sighed, “I have little idea of how to accomplish this task.  First we must make for the castle and see what awaits us there.  How I am to reach the castle in time afoot, while you can fly and the others are riding, I do not know?  Once we discover what is happening with the King and this villain then we can better make our plans.  I am very grateful for your help.”  
The raven did his best to smile but it is difficult with a beak, he said, “you, I think, have no worry of time as it were, since I am quite sure you are beyond it.  Space and time mean little to you now.  You have not fully entered eternity but you are no longer bound by the constraints of mortality.”
Brinn smiled, “I think you are right.  In fact, somehow I know full well that you are.  I need only set out and will arrive precisely when I must.  This might take some getting used to!  We had best be on our way to the palace.  I shall meet you there when the time is right.”  The bird laughed in delight, bowed gracefully, and took to the air.  Brinn watched him go and set off as well.  He did not so much seem to be moving as the world seemed to shift suddenly around him.  He found himself standing in the Great Hall of the Royal Palace of Salita with a great throng gathered before the King.  He glanced around but saw no raven, but a small finch perched upon a window ledge caught his eye.  He saw what had been himself kneeling before the King and his daughter.  The court looked on with wide eyes and much joy.  
Valgrath stood and the King said, “I owe you my daughter’s life and most likely my Kingdom.  Were it not for your valor she might be dead or worse, and my throne would be at the mercy of a treacherous lord.  You have my undying thanks.”  
Valgrath smiled humbly and said, “Majesty it is truly my delight to save your precious child and to free you from the bonds of tyranny.  You owe me nothing and I have done only that which I must.  I would hope any man would risk as much to see justice done.”  
The King smiled grandly and said, “it is a pity you cannot marry, for I would offer you my daughter’s hand in gratitude for all you have done for us and all Salita.”  
Valgrath feigned surprise and said, “my lord you have been greatly deceived if you think the Brethren cannot marry.  I could not refuse such a great and humbling offer.  It is my great honor to serve Salita in this capacity.”
The King said in some surprise, “my former Advisor was quite adamant that he could not marry outside his order nor hold any position of power.”  
Valgrath said, “things have changed greatly of late Majesty.  It has been long since there has been a Lady in Astoria and the Brethren are all but extinct.  We have been released from that stricture in these dark times that those who remain might better serve others, as in such a case as this.  I will gladly accept your daughter’s hand if she is willing to take such a one as mine.”  
The girl smiled shyly and said, “how could I refuse to share a life with a man willing to give his to save mine?  I will gladly accept your offer of marriage if what you say is true.”  
The King smiled, “I am glad to have such an heir.  I will also bestow upon you the lands of Lord Valgrath for your faithful service.  They will provide you with a good income until the day you ascend the throne in my stead.”  
Valgrath tried valiantly not to snarl at receiving back his own and bowed deeply to hide his frown.  He regained his composure and said, “I thank you Majesty for your benevolence on my behalf.”  
The King smiled, “I am the more grateful for your faithfulness, humility, valor, and dedication.  You will make an excellent King and shall become the son I have ever longed for.  Welcome home my son!  In one month you shall make me the happiest of fathers!”  
The court broke out into applause and then chaos broke loose as they began to mingle and wished to know more of their future Prince.  Valgrath absorbed their adulation as if he were a basking lizard.  Brinn watched in utter disbelief and then made his way out of the crowded chamber that he might speak with his peculiar ally.  The little bird took to the air unheeded and followed the boy out of the room into a forgotten chamber some distance down a side corridor.
 The finch landed on the back of a chair and said to his companion, “so we have one month to end this plot?  I could sneak into his bedchamber one night and kill him in his bed or challenge him to a duel.”  
Brinn shook his head, “no this must be done in such a way as to enlighten the King and perhaps all of Salita to this insidious plot.  Murder is not justice and this fiend must face a just end, whatever it may be.”  
The bird cocked its head and asked, “and what are we to do?”  
Brinn smiled, “I am not yet sure but I think I can find you another ally.  Would you be willing to reveal yourself to another of my comrades?  I think you shall need the help of one of the Brethren to accomplish this task as it must be done.”  
The finch sighed, “I suppose I can if you think it the course we must take.  How am I to know this comrade of yours?”  
Brinn said, “you will meet him along the North Road about noon in a week’s time at the signpost as you near the city.”  
The finch asked, “have you made these arrangements already?  How is it you have talked to this friend of yours if living men cannot see or hear you?”  
Brinn smiled, “I have yet to speak with him but he shall arrive as I have spoken.  Let us just say that he is about to have a very interesting dream!”  The finch tried to smile but agreed to the plan, though he wondered just how the boy was so certain it would be accomplished as he seemed to think it must.  The boy suddenly vanished and the finch wondered if even now he was haunting the dreams of the poor, unsuspecting man.  He would keep an eye on things here until the slated day and then they would all see how accurate the boy’s predications were.

Ibis crawled gratefully into bed after a long day of telling tales; the innkeeper had leant him a small, empty room in appreciation for increasing his evening profits by drawing a great crowd to the inn.  It seemed such a throng gathered wherever he spoke; people were desperate for knowledge of the Master in these dark days, and Ibis and his comrades eagerly provided it.  Sleep came quickly to his exhausted mind.  Ibis was quite surprised to find himself dreaming of Brinn.  It had been long since he had seen his former apprentice and he wondered how the boy was faring in the wide world.
Brinn seemed to sense his thoughts and said, “it is good to see you though I fear my news will grieve you.”  
Ibis said in surprise, “you are truly yourself and not some phantom of my imagination?”  
Brinn smiled sadly, “I am myself and am sorry to trouble your dreams but I had to speak with you.”  
Ibis asked, “how is it you can do such a thing?”  
Brinn said ruefully, “it is highly unusual and no living man has such a talent.”  
Ibis quickly sobered, “no living man?”  
Brinn nodded, “I was slain in Salita, rescuing the King’s daughter from the clutches of a treacherous lord.”  
Ibis said, “it grieves me to know we shall not meet again this side of eternity but I need not despair of being forever sundered.  Why is it that you are haunting my dreams when life has failed you?”  
Brinn said, “the Master has set me a rather strange task.  The treacherous Lord Valgrath, of whom I have spoken, was not content simply to kill me but has now stolen my identity as well and claimed credit for that which I died accomplishing.”  Ibis looked truly confused and Brinn said, “a vile hag carried out a dark ritual and placed Valgrath’s soul into my corpse.  He had his own throat cut to accomplish this fell deed.  He now goes about as me and intends to wed the Princess and claim the throne.”
Ibis sat down hard and said, “and what am I to do about this boggle?  You want me to ride into Salita and tell the King that his beloved hero and future son is a fiend in a stolen body?  He would declare me a lunatic or a danger to the throne!”  
Brinn said, “I know this is much to ask of you and I hardly believe it myself though I saw the whole thing.  You will have a rather uncanny ally in this adventure.  I would do it myself but I can no longer touch the physical world.”
Ibis brightened a little, “of course I shall do this strange task you are setting me.  Who is to be my companion in madness?  You sound as if you haunt the mortal world but of what use is that if you cannot interact with it?”  
Brinn shrugged, “the Master has His reasons.  I shall be about when I am needed and your companion shall meet you at the signpost upon the North road leading into the capital of Salita.  He can see and hear me and is a rather interesting ally.  Do not look for a man.”  
Ibis gave him a strange look, “and what is it I am looking for?”  
Brinn smiled, “perhaps a raven?  He can take whatever form he chooses.  I shall bring more news when the time draws nigh.  Ride for Salita and more shall be made clear to you in time.”  
Ibis smiled sadly at his friend and said, “I shall truly miss you but at least we have one last adventure together, even if I cannot see you!  May the Master ride with you!”  Brinn smiled warmly and vanished, leaving Ibis to return to more normal nocturnal wanderings.  
Ibis mounted up the following day and set out for Salita, wondering what he was getting himself into, though his mount found it vastly amusing.  He queried Contra and found him in great agitation somewhere in Salita.  The poor creature had felt his master die but then he had seen him riding towards the King’s castle in company with the Royal Guard.  He haunted the forest round the palace, unable to leave until he knew what had come of his beloved friend.  Contra was ecstatic to have friends en route and also to learn that his master was truly dead but that some vile soul had stolen his body.  It was a grim story but much better than thinking his master had somehow forsaken him by a means other than death.  They traveled swiftly and within a week reached the rendezvous point.  A great black bird perched upon the signpost.  
Ibis drew rein and felt silly to so address a bird but said, “are you the one I was sent to meet by a certain person beyond mortal concern?”  
The bird squawked a laughed, “do you always address strange birds in this fashion?  But yes, I am the one who was sent to meet you.  You, I, and our late friend must somehow end this plot against Salita before any of us can rest easy.  Come, we had best make our address to the King.  I shall tell you all I know and then you must approach his Majesty and see if you can explain the situation, much as it may pain him.  It will pain him far more to have it turn out otherwise.”  
Ibis nodded, “it will be an adventure in itself to convince his Majesty of this bizarre truth.”  The raven passed on what he knew as they traveled and by the time they reached the castle gates, Ibis knew as much as anyone about the peculiar situation.  The hard part would be convincing the King.
As Brinn had asked, he wore his uniform.  The guards looked him over carefully and the captain said, “are you truly one of the Brethren?”  
Ibis said, “I am one of the Brethren and have come to speak to the King on an urgent matter.”  
The guard said, “usually we would not admit anyone on such short notice and with such an excuse but the King currently holds your order in high esteem; he shall be pleased to meet with you.  Wait here until he has time to see you.”  
Ibis nodded and dismounted to wait outside the gates.  As he waited, a stray horse wandered up and nuzzled him in greeting.  Ibis did not need his mount’s affirmation to know this was the bereaved Contra.  The guards eyed the situation with interest but Ibis did not comment.  The servant returned and asked that their guest might come immediately.  Ibis motioned for the guards to take both of the seeming horses and to see to their comfort.  He then followed the servant to the room where the King was enjoying a quiet evening.  
His Majesty stood as Ibis entered the chamber and greeted his guest enthusiastically.  He said, “I was grieved to hear that my dear Advisor was slain in the attempt to bring my daughter home but overjoyed to learn the identity of her savior.  Now I am blessed with the presence of yet another of the Brethren.  Have you come to wish your comrade joy in his coming nuptials?”  
Ibis bowed deeply and said sadly, “I am sorry to grieve you Majesty, but I am come to tell you that the man you intend as your son and heir is an imposter and a traitor to you and your people.  I do not think you would long survive his wedding ere he has you killed that he may assume your throne.”
The King was aghast, “what are you saying?”  
Ibis said sadly, “the man you take for a hero is a killer and an imposter; he is no fit man for the blessings you wish to bestow upon him.”
The King had gone white and then his face flushed red, “you had best be able to prove these dangerous accusations or I shall take your head as a traitor to the crown.  His story is quite convincing and corroborated by my own daughter!”  
Ibis bowed deeply and said, “Majesty, it is not my wish to cause such grief to you and yours but to prevent a great injustice and certain tragedy.  I can prove my allegiance to the Brethren easily enough and you are well aware of our inability to lie.”  
The King said, “then how is it my intended heir can be guilty of falsehood?”  
Ibis sighed, “he is not one of the Brethren.”  
The King laughed, “that is ridiculous.  My own daughter and six of my men saw his unicorn.”  
Ibis said, “have you seen the creature since?”  
The King said, “no, but few mortals ever glimpse such a blessed creature.”  
Ibis said, “you have not seen him since because the man to whom he was bound is dead.”  
The King frowned, “but my daughter swears this man is the same that flung her onto the back of the unicorn to flee.  You have much explaining to do if you wish to save your life.”  
Ibis said, “this will be the strangest tale that perhaps you shall ever hear.  It was indeed the same physical shell but the man who rescued your daughter is dead and another is running about in his corpse.”  
The King was flabbergasted and said, “you had best produce this proof of yours, for I find this very hard to believe.”
Ibis said, “my proof shall shortly appear in the courtyard below.”  They walked to the window and heard a great ruckus in the stable.  Suddenly two horses ran out and before the grooms could corner them, they for a moment revealed themselves in all their radiant beauty before allowing themselves to be captured by the now terrified grooms.  Ibis turned back to the King, “one of those noble creatures is my mount, the other was bound to Brinn, the boy who was slain saving your daughter.  He knows his master dead but cannot fathom how his body yet goes about among living men.”  
The King said, “I do not understand either.”  
Ibis said, “there is a vile witch dwelling in the manor of Lord Valgrath and it was she that rendered this terrible spell.  Brinn was mortally wounded in saving your daughter and before he succumbed to his wounds, she involved him in this terrible hex.  She killed him and Lord Valgrath willingly had his own throat cut that his soul might occupy the body of the slain boy.”  
The King said, “this is too horrible to believe!  My daughter’s savior is dead but his corpse walks about inhabited by the spirit of my traitorous lord?”  Ibis nodded grimly.  The King said, “and how is it you know of this plot?”  
Ibis said, “Brinn is yet wandering about in mortal lands, though unseen by mortal eyes, until he accomplishes the last task the Master has set him.  He cannot touch the mortal but with his information we have been able to make a few plans against this villain.”  
The King asked, “we?”  
A great raven landed on the windowsill and croaked, “yes, we.  Do not ask why a bird can speak, but know I am here to aid you in ending this plot against your throne.”  
The King sat down in disbelief and said, “can this evening get any stranger?  What are we to do?”  
Ibis said, “with your permission, I would like to confront the traitor.”  The King nodded glumly, feeling as if his head might explode.
They made their way to a balcony overlooking a small, inner courtyard where the Princess and her suitor were wont to spend a quiet evening together.  The raven and the King remained unseen by the lovers but could themselves watch and hear all that passed in the garden below.  Ibis made his way down to the lovers.  He entered the courtyard, bowed deeply to the Princess, and said, “my lady, I must beg your pardon for a few moments for I dearly wish to speak with your companion.  He was an old and dear friend of mine and I have heard some disturbing news concerning himself.”  
Valgrath knew the uniform of the intruder at once and said patiently to his beloved, “dear heart I must speak with this man.  I beg your pardon and shall join you as swiftly as I may afterwards.”  She smiled at him warmly and withdrew that the men might speak alone.  Valgrath growled, “and what do you want?  I think you are in over your head my friend.  I would advise you to leave quietly and say nothing of anything out of the ordinary that you might observe to the King.  I will let you leave alive if you give me your word that you will not carry tales to his Majesty.”  
Ibis said, “you look like my former apprentice but you are certainly not Brinn!  I will do no such thing.  You are a murderer and a traitor and I cannot sit idly by while you besmirch my friend’s memory and disgrace all of the Brethren.”
Valgrath growled, “then I shall kill you for a traitor and gain more of the King’s undying gratitude.  You cannot touch me without being called a killer.”  
Ibis smiled grimly and drew his sword, “the King has been informed of your precarious situation.  Do not worry about him calling me a traitor for he knows the truth of the matter.  Surrender and face a fair trial or you will die by my hand.”  
Rage crossed Valgrath’s face as he drew his own sword and fell upon the traitor with a fury.  It was all Ibis could do to keep the man’s blade from his heart.  He was a Teacher and not as skilled with the sword as the Warriors and Messengers were wont to be.  He fought with all his might but Valgrath fought with the fury and desperation of one condemned.  Ibis never thought he would face his own apprentice in mortal combat, but the man’s wrath was proof enough that he might look like Brinn but he was certainly not the same man.  For several minutes the terrible battle ensued with Valgrath ever having the upper hand.  Finally, the late lord pierced Ibis’s defenses and his abdomen.  Before he fell mortally wounded, Ibis used this moment of weakness to strike his own deadly blow.  Together they fell gasping to the ground.  
Valgrath growled, “how does it feel to kill your own apprentice?”  
“You are not me,” said Brinn, standing near the stricken pair.  The dying men looked with wide eyes upon the slain boy.  
Ibis smiled and Valgrath growled, “you are dead!”  
Brinn smiled, “perhaps, but that does not necessarily mean I do not yet have tasks to be about.  Once this little debacle is finished, the Master shall finally call me home.”  
Ibis winced as he tried to smile and said, “I think I very soon might be joining you.”  
Brinn shook his head, “the Master yet has plans for you my friend.  You must wait a little longer before we are reunited.”
Suddenly a man in the livery of a servant hurried into the courtyard followed by a horse and a rather anxious groom.  The groom blanched to see two dying men alone in the courtyard.  He began to scourge the servant, saying, “when you said you needed this horse this is not what I thought you meant!  What are you up to you fool?”  The servant ignored him and nodded at Brinn, who smiled in return.  The groom glanced about but could see no one.  He scowled, “I will have no part in this disaster!”  He ran out the door and slammed it behind him.  
The horse revealed himself to be Contra.  He sniffed the prone Valgrath first and snuffled his nose in disgust, affirming the truth of the matter: this was not Brinn.  He then nuzzled Ibis gently and vanished as he collapsed, having taken Ibis’s wound upon himself.  Ibis sat up weakly and though he was no longer dying, he could yet see Brinn, who was quite busy fending off the exuberant greetings of his ecstatic friend.  Once Contra had contented himself that Brinn was well, he stood patiently at his friend’s side to watch what might come of this evening’s excitement.  
Valgrath scowled, “that is cheating!  I killed you fairly.  You could at least lie down and die properly.”  
Ibis said, “and it was not cheating to avoid your own just fate and take the credit for a thing you never did?  You had best seek the Master while yet you draw breath.”  
Valgrath shuddered in pain and said, “I do not need your precious Master!  I will die my own master and we shall see what comes of me.  I do not need some divine quadruped to cheat on my behalf!”  He trailed off as he spoke these last words and then he slumped in death.  Suddenly he too stood beyond mortal sight, save that of Ibis, who could somehow watch the strange things that were yet to come.
A hissing reptile suddenly appeared and the Brethren knew immediately that he was evil beyond mortal dreaming.  Contra screamed his rage and made to stand between Brinn and the monster.  The lesser demon hissed in amusement and turned his vile eyes upon Valgrath, who looked uncannily like Brinn but with hints here and there of his old visage.  
The monster hissed, “why is it that you mortals always take the form of your wretched physical shell after death?  You may look like brothers but I know who it is I have come for.  Fear not traitor, I shall have you as well on that day when my master defeats yours!”  
Brinn laughed, “dream on fell snake.  That day shall never come.  Take what you have come for and be gone.”  The thing hissed in disgruntlement, leapt upon Valgrath, and the pair vanished together.  Everyone who witnessed the scene shuddered in horror.  Brinn turned to Ibis and said, “the Master calls me home.  You must accomplish one more thing before returning to your more usual duties.  Ride to Valgrath’s former estates and see that all the vile folk within are put to the sword if they will not surrender.”  
Ibis smiled gently and said, “I shall do as you ask.  Farewell my friend!”  Brinn smiled broadly, nodded to the servant, and suddenly he and Contra were gone.  Ibis shakily got to his feet and stared down at Brinn’s body, finally at rest.  His haunting song at the final passing of his friend filled the courtyard and touched all who heard it more deeply than even they could know.
Ibis looked to the Akoni, in the guise of the servant, and said, “are you to help in this endeavor as well?”  
The servant said, “I mean to see this adventure through.  We are not yet finished.”  
The King then entered the courtyard after watching all from above, though he did not see what passed among the dead.  He said, “what now are you about to attempt?”  
Ibis said, “we must overthrow the vile hag ruling in Valgrath’s stead that this terrible thing never happen again.”  
The King said, “I shall send some of my guards with you.  How are you to breach the walls?”  
Suddenly Brinn stood in the courtyard.  The King and Ibis looked in horror but then saw the corpse yet lying where it fell.  The shapeshifter said, “perhaps I can be of use in this situation?  Then we can lay this poor abused form to rest once and for all.”  
So it was they set out with eight of the King’s men riding behind their seeming lord on a short trip home.  The princess was heartbroken and the court flabbergasted by what had come to pass but relieved it had been stopped before worse could happen.  They rode to the gates of Lord Valgrath’s holdings and Ibis announced their coming and demanded they open the gates.  
The hag cackled and said, “my lord will not have the honor of taking back that which he has promised to another.  Go away before you regret it!”  
The seeming Valgrath said, “open the door witch before I break it down.  All within who wish to repent of their evil may do so or all shall be put to the sword!”  
The hag laughed and called down to the gathered residents of the manor, “anyone want to surrender?”  
They laughed their former lord to scorn and the imposter said, “very well, you have doomed yourselves…”  A sound like a pained squawk escaped him as he fell from his saddle with an arrow in his side.  The witch and her followers retreated into the great house laughing madly at having slain their former master.  The dying creature lay on the ground, clutching at his wounded side and said, “all of you turn your horses and ride ere you are consumed in the wrath that will fall upon this place!”  The guards looked to Ibis and he nodded curtly.  They turned their horses and fled.  Suddenly a black dragon loomed large where the stricken man had lain.  
Ibis said sadly, “it seems this little venture has killed you.  I am sorry my friend.”  
The dragon laughed, “it is the least I could do in remembrance of the men who died for me.  Do not mourn for me.  I am an immortal being and will simply enter eternity a little sooner than I had expected.  I shall give your greetings to Brinn.  You had best go before you find yourself caught in the fire.  Dragonfire once loosed is hard to control.”  
Ibis said, “may the Master ride with you my friend.  I shall see you again when my own time is come.  Farewell!”  He turned his mount and rode swiftly away.  
The dragon loosed a great swathe of fire that melted metal, stone, and all in its path, including all the souls hiding in the house.  He did not long survive the judgment he unleashed and none survived the inferno that consumed the entire complex.  Thus was justice done and the vile practice died from the earth.  


Chapter 7

Narilka stood in the King’s court in Ithalia and listened to Valgo tell many tales.  Her father, one of the greatest lords of Ithalia, had finally allowed her to come to court though all her elder siblings had been coming for years.  She was finally a woman in her father’s eyes and she enjoyed every minute of it.  She had always been an ambitious child and chafed to not only be the youngest and therefore not the heir but also to be left at home when all the others seemed to be doing things wholly more interesting than listening to an aged tutor prattle on about a forgotten battle or the rules of grammar.  Why did the world always leave her behind when she should be leading the parade?  At last her turn had come!  She studied the man intently; he appeared old, though not as old as some people held him to be.  He was rumored to be one of the Brethren, but most considered him just an eccentric old storyteller with a mind verging on senility.  Everyone knew the Brethren were all but extinct, if they had ever existed at all.  
The King still called upon him for advice from time to time but mostly he spent his time telling stories of the past or tending to the education of the King’s many children.  These thoughts inspired Narilka, if the legends were true, perhaps she could put them to use, and if they were just myths, perhaps she could use them as a foundation to make more of her own.  As matters currently stood, she would be lucky to end in a mediocre marriage as her father’s youngest and would certainly not inherit his lands and title.  She needed to find her own place in the world and this scheme might just make her famous!  If the Brethren were extinct or mere legend, why could she not draw them back from the grave and make them once more a force in the world?
Valgo finished his tales for the evening and a man skilled at juggling and sleight of hand took over entertaining the crowd.  A few of his former listeners followed him off to one side that he might answer their questions; Narilka followed at a distance and hung back from the main body of questioners.  The King’s Steward came forward and asked after some minor point concerning one of the tales; his baby daughter squirmed in his arms, wanting to be free to explore.  He smiled apologetically at Valgo, who smiled in return and offered to take the wriggling child for a moment.  Her father handed over the curious child and she giggled in delight at the aging fellow who now held her.  She was not a shy child.  His question answered, the Steward took back his daughter, thanked Valgo, and disappeared into the crowd.  
A few more pathetic (to Narilka’s mind) questions followed until she alone remained with the ancient man.  He eyed her curiously, she made the proper courtesy, he returned it in kind, and she asked, “tell me what you can of Astoria, the Brethren, and their Lady?”  
Valgo smiled, “there is much to say my lady, what in particular did you have in mind?”  
She drew herself up to her not too significant height and said proudly, “do the Brethren truly exist?  Are they extinct as all claim?  Is there no Lady to lead them?  Is Astoria an actual place?”  
Valgo smiled sadly and said, “yes, the legends and tales are true.  The last Lady of Astoria perished in the plagues that wracked the world thirty five years ago and none has been raised in her place.  Astoria probably crumbles for lack of care but the Brethren are still abroad in the world, if few in number and rarely seen.”
She nodded thoughtfully and said, “why is there not a Lady of Astoria as there seems to have been since time began?”  
Valgo shrugged, “the reason I do not know, but the Master knows what He is doing and it is our duty to watch and wait while attending to those duties we must.”  
She smiled in quaint amusement at his mention of the Master; if all the remaining Brethren were so superstitious her plot might be easier to carry out than she had ever thought.  She said, “and why have you not replaced your dear Lady?”  
Valgo said, “it is the Master that appoints her, not men.  If it be the Master’s will, another shall be appointed in time, even if all of us have long since passed into dust.”  
She said, “what if I were to volunteer?”  
Valgo laughed a bit, smiled sadly, and spoke seriously, “child, it is not for any woman to volunteer!  You must be chosen.  You must also be one of the Brethren.”  
She drew herself up in anger and said, “am I not good enough to lead your little organization?  Child indeed!”  
Valgo shook his head, “you are but a child my dear, no matter that you are of age to do as you please.  You have much to learn, especially before you can aspire to such a lofty position as you seek.”  
She turned on her heel and stormed from his presence; the nerve of the man!  This only fanned the flames of her desire to gain that to which she had laid claim.  She would be the next Lady of Astoria whether the Master willed it or not!  She would show him she was not a child.  She had had the best tutors in the world, what more could she possibly have to learn that they had not so painfully taught her?  She went immediately to her father, who was watching the juggler with a slight smile on his face, fascinated as a little boy by the proceedings.  
She gained his attention with some difficulty and he said, “what is it my dear?  What distresses you so?”  
She said, “father I wish to go out in the world and make my own way.”  
He raised his eyebrows but drew her away to a quiet corner that they might discuss this serious business in private.  “My child,” said he, but could not finish as the girl turned on him angrily.  
She snarled vehemently, “I am no child!”  Flustered he tried to quiet her before she caused a scene; several curious eyes were already turned in their direction.  
He said pleadingly, not wishing to cause a scene, “whatever you wish to do my dear I shall do my best to accommodate you.  But the world is grown wild and dangerous in these lesser days.”  
She glared at him, “think you not that I am capable of handling a wild and wooly world father?”  
He was a man with an iron will in all things save his daughters, especially his youngest.  He was putty in her hands.  He said, “dearest you know I know you can do anything you set your mind to but forgive my worry for your safety, for it is only the loving concerns of a doting father.”  
She smiled a little and said, “then tomorrow I shall ride east and see what I may find there.  You will of course send with me all I shall need for such a journey.”  
He nodded disconsolately, fearful for his daughter’s safety but also glad to have the encounter finished quietly.  He called his servant and told him what preparations he would need to begin on his daughter’s behalf.  The wide eyed man galloped off to start immediately, for he hardly had time to ride home and back in the allotted time before her ladyship would be leaving, let alone making the required preparations.  The exhausted servant returned with the dawning with two guards and several packhorses in tow.  The girl stood in the castle courtyard at the head of her fine mare, impatiently awaiting the man’s return.  
In gratitude for his heroic service the girl said, “you are late.”  
The servant sighed, well used to this sort of ill use and helped the lady with her final preparations for the journey.  Soon she was saddled and the little party was off to adventures unknown.  Her father watched her ride away and worried for her safety on the long and wild road into the more civilized east; he wondered silently what scheme she had in mind but he could deny her nothing she truly wanted.  He sighed and withdrew into the castle and turned his mind to less disturbing thoughts.  Valgo watched from a window high atop one of the towers and wondered also where the girl’s adventures might take her.  
The first few days of the journey were marvelous.  The girl was her own mistress and the weather was perfect, but she quickly began to regret not bringing along a personal servant.  She was not excited to learn that she must help with the tedium of camp chores else the journey might take even longer than it already was.  She was also disappointed to learn they must sleep many a night in the open, for there were few inns along the way and though her father had been generous with his coin, there was not money enough for such a luxury every night of the long journey thither.  She was just about to consider herself a seasoned adventurer when a real adventure taught her otherwise.
Evening was falling about a week into their journey, they had just stopped the horses in a little clearing in which they intended to spend the night, when bowstrings sang in the night, the two guards fell with arrows in their chests, and the horses whinnied in fear and began prancing nervously.  Narilka wished with all her heart to scream in terror but the appearance of a band of renegades such as she had never seen nor even imagined stayed her tongue.  They eyed her hungrily.  She wanted to flee but night had fallen and she was like as not to stumble in the dark and they would be upon her; indecision froze her where she stood.  
An equine scream of rage rent the night and suddenly her horse was taking advantage of her distraction and galloping away with all the speed she possessed.  In fascinated horror, the girl looked over her shoulder but could see nothing of the bandits as they vanished with distance and darkness, however she could hear their startled and angry cries.  She then turned to face her seeming rescuer, hoping he was not some bandit hoping to have her all to himself.  He was a man in his middle years, stained with travel, but nothing about him was sinister as had been the other men who reeked of the feeling.  He turned his eyes upon her and she saw humor and great wisdom writ therein.  He handed her the reins he had snatched up in their flight though he did not slow their pace.  He rode an animal of indiscriminant color and breeding; Narilka was surprised the beast could maintain such a pace for so long.  She could see nothing of their path and she was sure her horse was nearly as blind, but they raced on for over an hour before staying their flight to catch their breath.  The bandits had been left far behind; they would not pursue this night but hoped to overtake them in the morning or find them dead along the way from a fall in the dark.
Narilka slid from her saddle; her mare was flecked with sweat and breathing hard.  The man’s beast seemed fresh from the stable.  She looked over the rider in the dim light of stars and waning moon and said, “I would know what you intend?  You do not seem hostile.”  
The man smiled broadly and said, “nay lady, I mean only to save your life from those who would make your last hours a torment.”  
She said, “and what about my guards and luggage?”  
The man stared at her in disbelief, “you are quite welcome for your life, my lady.  I did all I could and that was saving your life.  Your guards fell ere I could do anything and I will not risk my life facing eight sinister and dangerous men for the sake of a few trinkets and baubles.”  
She huffed, “what is a lady without her ‘baubles and trinkets’ as you call them?  Who are you to interfere anyway?”  
The man said, “I am called Jaran and I have been tracking these murderous thieves for weeks, trying to discern a way to bring them to justice.  I could not stand aside and let them do with you as they felt inclined.  What have material possessions to do with any of the important things in life?  They can always be replaced, your life cannot!”  
She sighed, “this shall certainly make the rest of my journey much more uncomfortable but I am determined to go on.”  
He eyed her curiously and asked, “and where is it you are going and from whence do you come?”  
She said proudly, “I am the daughter of a great lord of Ithalia and I am bound for legendary Astoria.”  She had thought to overawe the man but his sudden, quiet laughter was most disturbing.  She growled, “and what is so amusing, pray tell?”  
He quashed his mirth and said, “you would be best served to return to your father.  What can you find in Astoria in these dark days to avail you?  I doubt you seek after wisdom and that is all you will find.”
She glared at him, “and what say have you in this matter?  I shall do as I please and none can gainsay me.”  
He sighed, “forgive my mirth lady but you would be wise to go home.  These are not lands to be traveled lightly, especially in these dark days.  You have already suffered much and are not yet halfway to your destination.  I will escort you home if you will allow it.”  
The girl said, “you had best leave me then for I am set on reaching Astoria.”  
He said, “you would risk your life for such folly?”  
She shrugged, “I have nothing at home to return to so have set out to find my future in the wide world.  I shall succeed or die trying.”  
Jaran’s mount whickered quietly and he sighed, “then we had best be on our way.  We shall not ride so hard or recklessly but we must travel much of the night and put what distance we can between ourselves and the bandits.”  
She gasped, “but how can you find the path?”  
Jaran smiled, “if you wish to make this foolish journey alive, I suggest that you trust me.  I have traveled these wild paths for years and know them well; my mount is keen of sight and can find a path even on the darkest night.  Come, we must ride.”  He swung into his saddle and Narilka had no choice but to follow suit.  They disappeared like two shadows in the night.
They pressed steadily onward for the entire night and part of the morning before Jaran called a halt and found a secluded spot to sleep for a few hours.  They then mounted and rode well into the evening before halting again.  They pressed hard for several days and with no sign of pursuit, Jaran felt safe in returning to a more normal rate of travel.  The bandits had contented themselves with the pack animals and had not chosen to risk pursuing the woman.  As they rode, Jaran tried to speak with the girl but she felt him nothing more than another guard and treated him accordingly.  On one occasion she said, “if you insist on accompanying me then you shall act appropriately.  I am a lady and therefore your superior.  You will not address me as a common barmaid!  If I want to talk I shall initiate the conversation.”  
He said, “that may very well be, my lady, but in all things pertaining to the journey my decisions shall take precedence, but in all other matters I shall abide by your wishes.”
She seemed content with the arrangement and they continued on in relative silence, save in occasional matters pertaining to the business of travel.  She mourned the loss of her creature comforts but decided she could survive well enough until they reached Astoria; she also wished her guards were here rather than her impertinent rescuer.  They knew how to treat a lady!  Otherwise she thought nothing of their demise.  Jaran hunted, caught fish, and gathered what wild produce he could efficiently procure on the journey.  Narilka bought food as they found opportunity and even deigned to share some with her companion.  Finally the tedious journey was ended and they came within the ancient bounds of Astoria.
Jaran’s heart wept to see his beloved city lying forgotten and overgrown.  He had not been home in many years and it smote his heart each time he saw what had come of the once great city.  He was eager to see Skye and Mina entombed within, however.  They rode along the overgrown road and through the deserted streets with their crumbling buildings.  Narilka looked about her and frowned.  This was once great Astoria?  How was she to be Lady of such a dump?  Jaran saw her consternation and asked, “what is it you hoped to find here my lady?”  
She sighed, “I am not sure but I had hoped for more of a beginning than this.”  He eyed her curiously but his silent question went unanswered.  
They rode up to the gates of the castle, dismounted, and led their mounts into the courtyard.  A man in his middle years was crossing the courtyard carrying a bucket from the stables and jumped in surprise at the visitors, very nearly spilling his milk.  He carefully set down his burden, bowed politely, and said, “welcome to Astoria or at least what remains of it.  Why have we the honor of your presence?”  
The girl said, “I am come to lay claim to this city as its rightful ruler.  I am the Lady of Astoria.”  
It was a good thing the man had set down his milk or he would have certainly spilled it.  Jaran’s eyes were even wider than those of the stranger.  Lady of Astoria?  Before he could speak, for voice had been driven from him by utter shock, the stranger took up his bucket and motioned for the woman to follow.  Jaran exchanged a startled look with his mount, who amusedly shook his head, but he had not long to linger, for the pair was quickly moving deeper into the castle, the man nearly spilling his milk in his haste.  They found two men, of an age with their guide, in the kitchen.  Without a word he set down his bucket and motioned for the strangers to stay where they were until he returned.  He fled from the kitchen and returned shortly with Skye, Mina, and two more middle aged men in tow.  
Skye looked very confused as he looked the girl over and quite surprised but not disappointed to see Jaran.  The girl was not happy to be ignored as Skye said to her guard, “Jaran, what is this nonsense about the Lady?”  
Jaran shook his head, “I know no more about it than you.  I found this young lady in the Wilds about to be set upon by bandits and tried to persuade her to go home, but she was determined to come here thus I had no choice but to accompany her.  She would not tell me her business or intentions.”  
Skye turned to the girl, “what is this nonsense about you being the Lady of Astoria?”  
She smiled condescendingly, “no one has laid claim to that title in nearly four decades so I thought, why could it not be me?  I am of noble birth after all.  With me at its head, I could lead this derelict city back into prosperity.  Who are you to object?”  
Skye smiled, “and just how are you to lead the Brethren if you are not one of them and know not their ways?”  
She scoffed, “I will recreate them of course.  They will be a new creation, one of my own making.  Any who disagree can simply leave.”  Jaran shared an amused look with Mina.  
Skye continued, “I am afraid your logic is quite backwards my dear.  The Brethren are servants of the Master and their fellow men.  You cannot think to restructure the order to suit your own selfish ends when it has stood for millennia as the Master Himself first instituted it.”  
She smiled coldly, “and now it is broken and I am free to do with it as I please.”
Skye shook his head, “as long as one of the Brethren lives you cannot corrupt the order thus.  Whatever comes after is in the Master’s keeping, but as long as we yet have voice and strength we shall resist you.”  
The girl scoffed, “and who are you to gainsay me?  You cannot be one of that nearly extinct order?”  
Skye smiled grimly, “my lady has failed to realize that there are three of the Brethren present and all that remains of our students.  We perhaps cannot force you to end your schemes but we certainly can keep you from entertaining them in the heart of Astoria.”  
She looked to Jaran in surprise, “you are one of them?  All this time and you did not tell me?”  
Jaran barked a laugh, “lady, it was you who forbade me from speaking openly with you.  You cannot blame me for your ignorance in this matter.”  
She sighed, “and what is it you are doing here?  You and your students?”  
Skye said, “our main duty is to tend to the vast collection of knowledge gathered in the Library of Astoria and await the day when it will again be needed.  Otherwise we teach the six men who remain of all the students that once studied here.  We also tend to the daily business of survival but you have no interest in gardening so I will not bore you on that point.”  
She said, “if this is a place of learning, even though it looks more a graveyard than a school, perhaps I shall stay until I learn enough of the Brethren to satisfy my curiosity and then we shall see what comes of my plans.”  Skye nodded and Mina led the girl off to get her settled and a much needed bath and change of clothes.  Skye sat down with Jaran and they spent many hours discussing what was passing in various parts of the world.
The girl was an attentive but headstrong pupil.  She cared little for the Master but was intrigued by the idea of unicorns.  The six students that lingered still were intrigued by the girl and her ideas of restarting the Brethren.  They had spent their entire lives here and were finally ready to give life a try.  The other students had long since vanished, seeking their fortunes in the wide world but these had remained because they felt a bed and food and learning were all they needed.  They were not impressed with the Brethren for their beliefs but were content in absorbing their knowledge.  They decided to leave when the lady did and see what the world might hold for them, especially if the Brethren could be retooled.  If anyone had a right to be called by that name was it not they who had spent nearly four decades in this derelict city?  Who needed the Master for such a calling?  They would become what the Brethren could have been had they long ago abandoned this Master nonsense.  The girl absorbed what she could and soon decided it was time to leave.  
She addressed Jaran on the matter, saying, “as you have deprived me of my escort and spare horses, I think it only fair that you provide me and my loyal men with unicorns in lieu of my lost entourage.”  
Jaran gave her a mystified look before nearly falling over with laughter.  She scowled at him and he regained his composure.  He said, “lady, have you any idea what it is you ask?  You are better asking Skye to act as your packhorse than tell me I must find a unicorn to bear you.  They are not wild beasts, but a free and thinking people far more noble than man is wont to be.”  
She arched an eyebrow and said, “you only wish to keep them for your own purposes and fear I shall gain the advantage if I also command their services.”  
He sighed, “you must see for yourself then.  Come.”  Curious, she followed him to the courtyard, and in a few moments the shaggy beast that was his horse ambled over and greeted Jaran warmly.  A silent argument ensued and finally the creature revealed his true glory to the astonished girl.  She quickly explained her plans, he veiled himself again as a shaggy gelding, laid back his ears, and shook his head vehemently.  Jaran said, “are you now convinced of my words?”  
She scoffed, “of course not.  I will not take the word of a tame member of the race.  I will ask one of his wild cousins who remain free of your influence.”  
Jaran and the unicorn exchanged an amused look and Jaran said, “you take my friend for a ‘tame’ unicorn?”  She nodded and he said, “there is no such creature.  He is a free creature and serves me out of duty and love.  He is as ‘wild’ as any of his kin that roam unhindered by a rider.”  She arched an eyebrow and Jaran sighed, “very well we shall find you a ‘wild’ unicorn that you may interrogate him.”  She smiled and went to fetch her horse.  Jaran queried his mount and he said there was just such a creature not half a day’s ride from the city.  The girl emerged with her horse and they set off in search of a final answer.

The old stallion stood hidden in the thick brush on the edge of the clearing, draped in shadow.  He sensed the approach of the strangers.  A young stallion of his own race and the man he served approached along with a horse and a wild young woman.  He would have fled or remained hidden save for the strange request of the other stallion and his master.  Long ago in his youth, he had also borne such a rider, as was deemed necessary before claiming a place among his people.  A stallion served the Brethren for centuries before he was deemed old and experienced enough to do aught else.  A mare would stay with her mother’s kin and bear several foals before she was allowed to serve the Brethren in such a capacity.  The old stallion had no fear of the man the young stallion bore and felt towards him as he might one of his own people, though young and inexperienced.  The horse was not a threat, but the young woman was another matter entirely.  Unicorns were leery around men not committed heart and soul to the Master, save perhaps children.  They looked upon such men as rebels and outlaws, dangerous and unpredictable creatures.  While they could sense the thoughts of their riders, a unicorn could not read the thoughts of other men but could somewhat judge the man’s heart and intentions if not knowing his full mind.  This girl was selfish, ambitious, and cold, with no regard for anything but her own wishes.  He wondered what one of the Brethren was doing with such a person.  The young stallion approached and whickered a greeting.  The man sat his saddle and watched expectantly.  The girl sat in her saddle and looked contemptuous.
Jaran said, “you had best dismount and lead your horse out of sight.”  
The girl scoffed, “is he frightened of horses?”  
Jaran laughed, “no but your horse will go mad at the sight of him.”  
Seeing no reason to argue further she complied and upon her return, the great beast stepped out of the brush in his full glory though it looked as if he had appeared out of thin air.  She gasped in fear and delight and said, “I have been seeking one such as yourself.  I am determined to redefine the Brethren and leave all their ancient foolery behind.  I will renew and restore them to glory greater than they ever knew.  Will you and your folk aid me in my efforts as you have for so long helped the former generations?”  The creature turned a baleful eye upon her, greeted the other stallion and his rider, and vanished as suddenly as he had come.  The girl stood flummoxed and said, “was that a no?”  
Jaran shook his head, “you could not have insulted him more!  He is an ancient creature and has sacrificed much in service to the Brethren yet you call all he did nonsense?  His people are free and proud and serve none but those sworn to the Master.  It is their duty and their purpose and they will not abandon it for your pathetic ideals.”  
The stallion neighed a ringing affirmation and the girl scowled, “well then I shall do this without their help or yours.  Return me to the city and we shall leave on the morrow.  You will not be coming with me.”  
Jaran nodded, “I must return to my duties in the north; it is much safer to travel in the east than in the uncivilized lands between Astoria and Ithalia.  Your six companions have had much training in the art of the sword so I fear not for your safety, only your heart.  This willful rebellion against the Master will gain you nothing but ruin and death.”  
She smiled drolly and said, “if you are done with your pontifications, can we return to the castle?”
The three Brethren helped their former companions pack for the journey.  They would set out afoot for they had no horses to send save Narilka’s mount, which would act as their pack animal.  They set out with joy in the morning while the Brethren watched them vanish into the mist with an abiding sense of dread.  
Jaran turned to his comrades and said, “I fear to leave you alone.”  
Mina smiled warmly, “none of us are ever alone, my friend.  You have your duties and we have ours.  But the Master watches over us all.  Our hearts were warmed by your visit.  May the Master ride with you Jaran!”  
He embraced them both and with a warm farewell, rode back to his duties in the north.  Skye and Mina returned to their now deserted library to await the morning when there might again be a Lady in Astoria.  Narilka and her six followers made excellent time and had no unfortunate encounters on their journey to Dara, the capital of Syre.  If the Brethren would not give her a home and honor, perhaps the King of Syre would.  Her six followers were infatuated with her beauty and firmness of mind; they also felt themselves the rightful heirs to the legacy of the Brethren and this lady their appointed leader.  Narilka announced herself at the gate and asked to see the King at his earliest convenience.  The guards eyed the woman afoot speculatively but sent a servant running.  The King was in the middle of a tedious meeting with the representatives of a certain trade organization and was happy to have an excuse to end the meeting early.  A foreign lady come afoot was certainly a curiosity to which he must attend immediately.
The King entered the parlor where the freshly attired lady and her followers awaited him.  They made the appropriate courtesies and he nodded in return.  He took his appointed seat and only then did they seat themselves but Narilka remained standing.  She said, “Majesty, I am the daughter of a great Ithalian lord and thank you greatly for hearing me this day.  I am recently come from Astoria, where the meager remnant of the Brethren shunned my humble application that I was the one to lead them out of their current darkness into the stunning dawn.  Thus am I come a refugee to your door, one who would be the Lady of Astoria.  I have come to renew the Brethren and their influence in the world with a few modifications, making them more a reasonable brotherhood rather than one steeped in superstition.”  
The King smiled, “would you have me call Brand, my advisor from Astoria?”  
The woman scoffed, “I want nothing to do with those yet trapped in the superstitions of the past.  These men who accompany me are all that are faithful to me and my ideals and we are the future of the Brethren.  The true Brethren as it were.  The rest are simply a forgotten remnant of lost days.”  
“And what is it you ask of me?” said the King.  
The girl said, “we seek a place to call our own and to establish our order anew.  Of course your country will prosper greatly in wisdom and fame as the home of the Brethren in exile.”  
The King looked thoughtful, “what you say intrigues me.  Astoria was a magnet for all things wise and prosperous in its day.  To think that Syre might also have that chance!”
Narilka smiled sweetly and said, “I plan to eclipse the former glories of Astoria as the sun surpasses the moon!  They will be a mere shadow compared with what is to come.”  
“Excellent,” smiled the King, “there is an old fortress on the edge of the sea that has been abandoned since all its inhabitants died during the plagues.  If you would keep it up, maintain the peace within its ancient bounds, reestablish civilization in the area, and when able, pay your taxes and obey the King I shall certainly make you mistress of the place.  Until you are self-sufficient I shall even give you what support I can spare.  Do not disappoint me.  Also see that your followers are less preachy than your predecessors were wont to be.  Brand sometimes drives me to distraction with his endless pontifications.”  
Narilka bowed deeply and said, “it is all I could ask and more Majesty.  I shall certainly see to my end of the bargain.”  So it was that the small party was outfitted with horses, supplies, and even a few volunteers encouraged by the spirit of these pioneers.  They found the hulking relic on the cliffs overlooking the sea and quickly set about reestablishing an outpost of civilization in the area.  Rumor spread and people began to turn up looking for opportunity and thus Narilka’s darling began to sprout, grow, blossom, and might one day bear fruit.  The six students in exile were well steeped in all manner of knowledge and quickly gained a reputation as excellent teachers without the spiritual underpinnings.  It was not long before a thriving community began to grow, as did Narilka’s following.  They christened the place New Astoria and Narilka became its Lady.  All shared in a mutual adoration of their beautiful leader and her ambitions for power and fame.

One dark night several months after the arrival of Narilka and her followers, a shadow crept to the gates and watched the guards stationed there in utter silence.  Harn had heard of New Astoria and his dark masters had sent him to see if the Brethren were again a force in the world.  There had been much rejoicing at the demise of their ancient foe but the presence of this outpost was a troubling thought.  Yet unseen by the guards, Harn attempted to overpower them with his dark powers.  His scheme would utterly fail if these men were truly of the Brethren but the fools were soon dozing where they stood.  He smiled to himself.  He began to doubt the claims of this so called Lady of Astoria.  If the men upon her very gates were not of the Brethren, what chance that she herself was of that calling?  Could it be that some usurper had come forward to claim the ancient title with no right to call herself thus?  If so this could be a great boon for the cause of the Brotherhood of the Serpent.  A few of the Brethren yet wandered the world and two of the fools dwelt like spiders in the dusty old library of Astoria, but their light would soon come to naught and the Brotherhood would rise to take their place and thus subdue all humanity.  He stole past the guards and deeper into the crumbling fortress that the new occupants had only begun to repair.  He crept throughout the ancient relic and found none resistant to his magics.  He smiled, thinking he could have fun with this group of idealists.  He vanished again into the darkness without and began plotting for the morrow.
He put on his formal best, mounted the finest horse he could find, and rode arrogantly up to the gates and demanded an audience with the ‘vaunted Lady of Astoria.’  When asked his name and business he acted as insolently as he could and seemed quite affronted by the guards’ temerity.  The guard stammered, “you cannot act so and hope to see our beloved Lady!”  Harn scorned him and pressed the point with his dark influence and finally the guard went running to inform the Lady that she had a visitor.  Narilka sat regally in a small but beautiful room that served as her main audience chamber.  Intrigued by the guard’s terror she had the man brought immediately before her.  
The man made his most ostentatious bow and said, “it is a glory and an honor my Lady to be in your presence.  I have heard many rumors of this little offshoot of yours and would like to know more about it.  If your goals align with mine, I can be of great service to you in your future endeavors.  What have you to do with the Brethren as they were known in former days and what is the current status of this enterprise of yours?”  
Flattered, she began in detail to tell her full tale. She told him of her plans to reform the Brethren into a group dedicated to herself and the spreading of her lofty ideals across the world.  She felt the people must be educated, else how could they show proper respect to their superiors?  She did not want them confused by myths of the Master and the past.  Her goal was to educate the people in the proper manner and gain their reverence thereby.  Her followers adored her and came flocking to the fortress looking for their own glory and renown and her approbation.  She as yet had not sent anyone out but the day would soon come when her minions would ride abroad as the Brethren had of old but this time their message would actually be useful!
Harn smiled deeply, “my Lady, I applaud your designs.  I shall advise and assist you as I may.  I am a learned man myself and have long had a loathing for the more traditional teachings of the Brethren.  Their methods were laudable but their ideals were deluded.  I think perhaps you have stumbled upon the more appropriate way to go about things.  Lady, I am yours if you will have me?”  
She smiled demurely and said, “we shall see what skills you possess my dear sir and if you are half as skilled as you claim to be then we shall gladly accept your services.”  
With his sinister influence he soon became her right hand man and leader of the group in all but name.  While her goals were confused at best and otherwise mostly selfish, she at least started with the intention of helping others, but it soon turned to a strange form of self-worship and promotion and failed to help anyone but herself.  Harn used his dark powers and influence to gradually change the scope and direction of the group along an even more sinister path.  He began to sow confusion among those who had once been knowledgeable, and those who thought they spoke truth found themselves passing along lies unwittingly.  By the time the first eight men were sent forth to speak to the troubled masses, Harn was firmly in control and they spoke that which he commanded them.  At first he would only sow confusion, but soon he would foment discord, that chaos and rebellion might soon ensue.  All the while they called themselves the Brethren and carried themselves with a confidence and pride that easily convinced all who heard of or saw them.  It was in this way that word of the new Lady of Astoria reached the ears of Ibis.
He at first thought to ride to Astoria to ascertain the veracity of the rumors but the gossip led him to an old castle on the brink of the sea.  He rode boldly up to the gate and saw those standing guard there were certainly not of the Brethren.  He dismounted before the guards and asked, “I have heard that one calling herself the Lady of Astoria dwells within.  Is this true?”  
The guards smirked and said, “verily she dwells here and we are the happiest of men who ride to her call.  Use respect sir when addressing our Lady.”  
Ibis frowned, “are you then numbered among her followers?”  
The guards laughed, “we were nearly the first to follow her, save for the Council of Six.”  
Ibis raised an eyebrow, something strange was going on.  In former days he had been part of that very Council.  Who were these imposters?  Ibis asked carefully, “this is of course ordained by the Master?”  
The guards scoffed, “what has the Master to do with anything?  Perhaps in former days he had some part in the legends of the Brethren but we know the truth of the myth and have carried on without him.”  
Ibis nodded, unsurprised and said, “may I address this Lady of yours?”  
The guard smiled coldly, “and what would she have to do with the likes of you?”  
Ibis said, “I might have knowledge that might avail her if she is what she claims.  I am one of the Brethren.”  
The guards laughed and one said contemptuously, “she has little patience for frauds but if you insist, we shall gain you an audience.  Perhaps you will see the light by her radiant countenance.”
Narilka was intrigued by the man at her gates and could not wait to show one of these imposters what she had accomplished in so short a time.  She summoned all her followers and they gathered round the chair where she sat with Harn at her shoulder.  Ibis stood in the middle like an accused man before the judgment seat of a King.  The audience looked on in anticipation like those with wagers in a dogfight.  He did not like the look or feel of the man standing at the girl’s shoulder.  Narilka said regally, “welcome to New Astoria and the home of the Brethren.  You claim to be of that brotherhood, at least as it was in former years but I sit before you as the first of those who have turned the order in the direction it should always have gone.  What have you to say for your temerity in clinging to the tattered remnants of the past?”  
Ibis said simply, “I have served the Master many long years and the true Lady of Astoria just as long, though she herself has long since been called home.  I faithfully await the day when another shall be raised in her stead.  I once sat upon the Council of Six and know full well that this is a sham and a mockery of all the Brethren were meant to be.  The Brethren cannot be without the Master.  This charade will avail you nothing.”  
She smiled, “nay it has availed me much.  I have benefitted from the mystique of the Brethren without having to toil in obscurity and live like an ascetic.  We are far better off without your precious Master than with him.  We shall continue as we have begun.  It is your foolish friends who will fall into ignominy and decay while we ride forth in the resurging dawn of humanity with a new voice and a new goal but the ancient glory and reverence, which we did not earn but quite enjoy.  I am the Brethren.  Disappear now into the obscurity that awaits you.”
Harn said, “my Lady, I do not like this man or his lies.  He could do much to injure our reputation and confuse your devoted followers.  I suggest we silence him permanently in the name of justice.”  
Ibis laughed grimly, “and why do you take advice from this evil lap dog, mistress?  He sits on your shoulder like a grim raven and offers advice, but I think he in truth controls all that passes within your organization.  What justice is it to stab a man in the back who comes in peace?”  
Narilka scoffed, “Master Harn is quite a help to me but be not deceived, it is I who reign supreme within these walls.  I do not like your dissonance sir and you would be wise to slink away in silence while you still may.”  
Ibis said, “it seems I cannot change your mind but at least give me the satisfaction of knowing this evil dog no longer snaps at your heels.”  
Narilka laughed, “I will not be rid of my dearest advisor.  Now be gone before I begin to consider his suggestion.”  
Harn spoke, “I detest this man’s presence in the world as much as he dislikes mine at your side Lady.  Let this be settled with the sword.  I challenge the fool to a duel.  If he refuses, let all know the cowardice that belongs to those once known as the Brethren.  If I win I am rid of him.  If he wins he is rid of me.”  
Narilka gasped, “what would I do without your guidance?”  
He smiled and said, “I shall not fail my Lady but neither will I let him leave here alive.”  
She nodded grimly and asked of Ibis, “and what of you sir?”  
Ibis said gravely, “if this is the only way to rid you of his grim presence then so be it.”
There were mutters of astonishment from amongst the onlookers but they drew back to give the combatants room.  Both men bared their swords, but before they could cross the distance between them and engage one another, darkest night consumed them all.  In the space between the foes, a light as of the moon glowed thrice as bright and cast all the horrified faces into a sickly pallor.  All found themselves drawn downward in reverent fear, Harn tried to fight by sheer strength of will but even his will was not strong enough to defeat that of the Master.  The Great Unicorn materialized in the space between Ibis and Harn and looked upon the gathered individuals with the greatest sorrow and no little wrath.  
His gaze caught and held that of the faux Lady, as He said, “you have assumed a title and position that I have not granted you.  Desist immediately in this folly or you shall bring condemnation upon your own head.  This heresy must end or I will make an end of it.  Now that you have seen, believe and obey that you might live, else you have chosen your own fate.”  He turned then to Ibis and said, “fear not, I am with you and all your Brothers and ever shall be.  It is for you to see that all those who follow this woman hear of My anger and are warned to turn from their evil.”  He turned then to Harn and said quietly, “you have chosen a dark path child.  Forsake the darkness ere it consumes you utterly.”  Suddenly He was gone and the more normal shades of evening returned.  
Ibis sheathed his blade and said to Harn, “this duel must wait if it is ever to be fought.  The Master has spoken and I have work to do.”  The man snarled but was too cowed to stab the arrogant Brother in the back.  Ibis stood boldly before the ersatz Lady and said, “and what have you to say of the Master’s proclamation?”  
She scoffed, “so that is your vaunted Master?  He is not half so intimidating as I had thought him to be.  If he is as powerful as you assume why did he not force us to stop or simply destroy us?”  
Ibis said simply, “that is called mercy my lady.  He is giving you a chance to repent but if you do not fully turn from your folly it shall consume you utterly.”  
She laughed scornfully, “let him try his hardest, for I fear him not.  Any of my followers who choose to repent may do so but they are henceforth turned out of our brotherhood!”  
Ibis said, “I will write out several letters for your followers abroad in the field and bear them thence myself.  All must hear of this proclamation and be allowed to choose their own fate.”  
She laughed, “suit yourself.  There are only eight of my followers abroad and they go about in pairs.  Write your letter and I shall sign it but it is your own time you waste!”  She looked to her followers and asked, “are there any here who wish to turn from your seeming evil?”  The only answer was fervent laughter.  Harn grinned in evil triumph.  Ibis wrote his letters and Narilka signed them.  
She bid him a scornful farewell and Ibis said upon parting, “think well upon what the Master has said or you will forever rue this day.”  
She smiled mockingly and said, “dream on fool.  I shall do as I please.”  
Ibis mounted and rode into the growing day with a heart heavy for those who refused to turn from evil.  The four pairs had not strayed far in their wanderings and it took little time to find them.  They read the proclamations with a mix of dread and amusement.  Three were convinced to turn their back on the charade and rode off in search of something better to do with their lives.  Five continued on, refusing to forsake their Lady for a mythical beast.
Ibis had been gone for three weeks on his errand when he returned to the forsaken fortress to see if the false Lady had changed her mind.  The place was silent as the grave and only the flapping and harsh calls of vultures and crows broke the silence.  Ibis drew rein far short of the grim scene and knew full well that those within had not heeded the Master’s warning and thus had calamity come upon them.  He turned his mount and rode for the nearest village and asked after what he had seen at the fortress by the sea.  
The innkeeper shook his head grimly and said, “you were lucky to come away alive!  That place is cursed.  All the former occupants died of plague, as did this new lot.  That place eats the souls of men!  No, it is no place for mortals to tread.  Heed my advice and never again go back there.”  Ibis spoke with others that night as well and heard much the same thing.  The locals were convinced the place was cursed and would not go near or live within three days’ walk of the place.  Thus it lay abandoned for many years until again it might serve some purpose for those who cared little for local legends about haunted ruins.  With these grim tidings, Ibis rode out in search of the five who had pressed on in their foolishness, hoping this warning might serve to change their minds but alas he was again too late.  Two had fallen afoul of bandits, one had fallen from his horse and broken his neck, another had been bested in a duel, and the other went to bed one night and never woke up.  Thus ended the schemes of the Lady Narilka while the surviving Brethren continued to wait for the coming of a true Lady. 



Book II



Chapter 1

The light of dawn crept reluctantly through the filthy windows of the servants' quarters where Clara read, for perhaps the thousandth time, the words of her favorite story written on the worn pages of the book she kept secreted amongst her scant belongings.  She had very little time in which she was not expected to be sleeping or hard at work in the castle's kitchens.  What little time could be considered her own was often engulfed in darkness and a mere kitchen maid of her standing was not allowed something as luxurious as a candle.  Therefore, she had little time in which she could indulge in that strange habit of reading.  These few minutes in the early morning and perhaps late at night before a dying fire, were about the only times she could find to lose herself in a happier world.  A servant of her standing should not even be able to read, but the wizened tutor that oversaw the education of the King's own children took pity on her and requested that it be she and she alone who brought him his evening meal in his secluded library.  
There, for one half hour, the dreary kitchen was forgotten and the wide world of literature was opened to her.  He had even given her the ragged book that was her only treasure.  It was the one small light in the bleakness that was her life.  Her days consisted mostly of the tedious business of chopping vegetables, turning spits, stirring pots, fetching firewood, hauling out the refuse, and scrubbing pots and floors.  She was the lowliest of the girls who worked in the kitchen and all the worst tasks fell to her.  She worked from well before breakfast until the final banking of the fire long after most of the residents of the castle had retired to their beds.  After an exhausting day, she longed to curl up on the little mat in the corner of the room she shared with five other women, but occasionally she allowed herself to wander briefly in lands and adventures seen only in the mind.
 Life had not always been so.  Her father had been the Steward and her mother had been the Head Cook, both had been highly respected by both the servants and those they served.  Both had died in one of the many plagues that had passed across the face of the world in the last century.  Before that, two hundred years of constant war had ravaged every country and habitation of man.  There were far fewer people in the world than once there had been and those that survived struggled daily for their very existence.  Things were slowly improving but it would be generations before the order and amenities of civilization again were available to all and not just the nobility.  That is why Clara remained in her dismal position: it was far better than starving in the wilderness or running afoul of the vile bandits that frequented the highways.  It was a miserable existence, but at least she was alive.  
After the death of her parents, no one wished to take on yet another mouth to feed in those difficult times and there was no sense in harboring someone who could not earn their keep yet no one had the heart to toss her out into the cold.  At the tender age of six, they put her to work in the kitchens and there she had remained for nearly a decade.  The King's youngest son was of an age with her, and as children they had often been allowed to play together.  But an end had been made of this when her parents died and she was no longer the daughter of two respected individuals but an orphan who worked in the kitchens.  She often glimpsed the young man, that her former playmate had become, and occasionally he might remember her and smile sadly, but that was the extent of their interaction and even this earned Clara stern looks from her betters.
 The other servants began to stir and Clara carefully hid her book and prepared for another grueling day.  The others knew of her strange habit but said nothing of it as it did not interfere with her duties, but they thought her very strange to attend so diligently to such trifles when sleeping or idle gossip must be so much more worthwhile.  She had no one with whom she could talk and the book became her only friend save perhaps Valgo, but she was not allowed to consider him a friend.  The evening meal approached and she took her familiar tray to the dusty little room that contained the man she loved most in the world.  He had been the tutor to all the King's many children, and before that had been an esteemed advisor to the King himself.  Now with the children grown and his health failing, the man was allowed to spend his fading years in relative comfort and ease in quiet retirement.  Clara did not know how old the man was but it was rumored that he was perhaps the oldest living man in the country, if not the world.  As long as anyone could remember, and long before that, Valgo had served the King faithfully in one manner or another.  
Clara knocked lightly upon the door and bowed herself in, hoping the sweat and ash did not make her appearance too unappetizing.  The old man sat close to the hearth and was covered with many blankets and warm robes.  He smiled at her approach and said, "so you have come again dear heart.  You brighten every room you enter."  
The girl smiled at his kind words and said, "I come only because I am bidden to, though were the choice mine I would spend all day listening to your tales."  
Valgo laughed, "but neither of us have such a choice I think.  I could not ask for a better pupil but alas, you are lost to the kitchens while I am nearly forgotten in my dusty little room.  Perhaps soon both of us will find a brighter morning."  While he talked and ate the girl listened attentively to all his many tales and yearned for more time.  But soon his stories and his meal were at an end and it was back to the kitchens with an empty tray to commence cleanup of the evening meal.  Her mind wandered in happier climes than did her weary limbs.
 She awoke early the next morning and lingered a few moments over her book before preparing for another thankless day.  As she left the servants' quarters, she was surprised to meet her old playmate Prince Brisbe.  She made a deep courtesy but said nothing.  It was not appropriate for one of her station to address a man of his position without invitation.  He smiled sadly at his old friend and said, "it saddens me greatly to see the ill-use to which others have put you.  It will soon be in my power to change that.  You were a dear friend once, though we were merely children together, and since you have blossomed into a beautiful woman, though one overlooked in the sweat and grime of your current occupation.  Fear not lady, I shall return to free you!"  
He bowed deeply and disappeared, leaving Clara to blush and run quickly to her duties lest she face the sharp tongues of her fellow servants.  The Head Cook had seen the interaction and quickly approached the King on the matter.  The King was grieved indeed.  His son would soon turn of age and be free to marry if he wished.  His choice was obvious but the alliance would prove scandalous beyond dreaming.  He knew the boy cherished the girl from their childhood acquaintance.  Her parents had been worthy servants and they had done all they could for the girl since their deaths, but she was of age and it was time she was removed far from the boy's thoughts.  She could no longer remain in Ithalia.  The cook nodded grimly at the King's pronouncement and went to inform the girl.  The cook liked the child well enough or as well as one could like such creatures, but for the most part she was beneath everyone's notice until she was obviously a problem.  
The cook pulled her aside and said quietly, "you are of age and we have succored you long enough.  It is time you found your own future, somewhere far beyond the borders of Ithalia.  You will leave tomorrow at dawn."  The prospect of leaving at first brought joy and then terror, she had no money, food, protective clothing, and most definitely nowhere to go.  Her frightened eyes made the cook add, "you will be provided with a little money and food, but you will leave promptly at dawn."  She nodded dully but her tears fell into the soup as she stirred.  The other scullions and servants laughed quietly at her sudden dismissal, knowing from whence it had sprung.  The nerve to look above her station!  It was all she deserved.  The rest of the day she worked on in silent agony.  She left to take her tray to Valgo and was determined to smile lest she worry the old man.
She knocked and bowed, as was her custom.  He looked sadly at the girl but joy flickered in the depths of his eyes as he said, "I am afraid this night shall be our last together."  
The girl looked at him in astonishment, "how did you know?"  
He looked closer at the child, she had been weeping long before she entered his room, "why do you weep little one?"  
She said, "I am to leave at dawn and have nowhere to go.  How did you know?"  
He smiled gently and said, "I did not know you were leaving.  I also must go."  
She looked at his decrepit old form and said, "but you can hardly rise from your chair.  How are you to attempt a journey?"  
He smiled, "this night the Master calls me home, I need not these feeble legs for such a journey."  The girl began to weep at his words and he placed a gentle hand on her shoulder, "weep not little one, for I have lived nearly three hundred years.  I have no regrets and I long for the country to which I shall soon go.  But what of you?"  
The girl swallowed hard and said, "Prince Brisbe, my childhood playmate, has sought me out among all the young women of the castle and this angers his father and the Head Cook.  I am to be sent away so as not to cause a scandal and serve as a distraction to the prince.  I have no money and no future.  I fear I shall starve upon the road to nowhere."  
The man smiled gently, "I will help you as I may, but what your future holds only the Master knows.  Trust to Him and you will not be led astray."  
The girl looked sadly at the old man, "no one believes in the Master anymore. And if they do, it is only to blame him for three hundred years of war and disease.  Where is his love and mercy when we need it so?"  
The old man smiled weakly, "the Master exists whether we believe in Him or not.  He is always found by those who fervently seek Him.  Evil times do not erase His love and mercy but allow them to abound, though sometimes there is such death and destruction that they are often forgotten in the confusion.  He has some purpose for your life if only you will trust Him.  What of that book of tales you are so fond of?  Has it taught you nothing?"  
The girl blushed and said, "I thought they were only stories, but such stories!  Love, courage, honor, adventure, and so much more; if only my life could be such a story."  
The man laughed, "and why could it not?  You have the heart, you need only the means.  Seek out the Brethren."  
The girl gasped, "but I had thought them all extinct or at least forgotten."  
The old man smiled sadly, "they still are about though very few in number, scattered and with no one to lead them.  The wars and the plagues have not spared even they.  How do you think I attained three hundred years of age?"  The girl's surprise made the man smile, "perhaps you thought I was going senile?  I have retained my mind to the end.  There is one small blessing I can pass on to you ere I go.  Come."  
He laboriously climbed to his feet and walked slowly, with much aid from the girl and a gnarled staff.  Their path took them to the last place the girl expected: the stables.  A shaggy grey gelding whickered in joy at seeing his ancient master approach.  He smiled warmly at the beast and put a gnarled hand upon the great neck.  He said quietly to the animal, "you know my time draws near my friend.  There is one last service I ask of you.  Bear this small one to Astoria and whatever awaits her in the ruins of that city.  Whatever happens after is up to you and she.  We will meet again after your own time has come.  Do not mourn over much."  The horse nuzzled his master sadly but seemed to understand everything he said.  The man turned to the girl, "you have no destination it seems and my friend here will bear you to Astoria, the fabled home of the Brethren.  The city lies in ruins and I know not what you shall find there but it is a place to start, or at least a destination.  He at least will keep you safe upon the road until you have gone thither.  A girl afoot stands little chance going anywhere in these evil days.  Will you go?"  
The girl smiled in excitement and fear, "I know nothing of riding but I will go even though I do not know why.  It will be good to have a companion for at least part of the journey.  Why do you speak to him and why does he act as if he were no normal horse?"
 The man laughed, "he is no normal horse but that secret is his to reveal.  Use no bit or whip upon him and treat him with all the respect with which you would treat me.  Have the stable boy show you in the morning how to put on his tack.  He will not bear you beyond Astoria and bears you thus only at my request.  Never tie him or try to tame him.  You would be better to try taming the wind or the sea."  
The girl nodded grimly, "I shall do as you say."  
He smiled, "then you shall do very well indeed.  Farewell my old friend, until we meet again."  She wondered at the man's strange words to the beast but they seemed to comfort him and she said nothing of it.  They wandered together into the kitchens where they found the Head Cook.  
She glanced at the pair in surprise and said, "Master Valgo, has the child misbehaved in some way?"  
Valgo smiled and said, "nay lady, ever has she been a comfort and a joy in my failing years.  I wished only to tell you that when she leaves on the morrow she is to take my horse and whatever equipment that remains to me.  I will not be needing it."  
"You are very kind sir," said the woman, "it will be as you say."  He nodded and Clara helped him to his room.  He said, "my time draws near little one.  I hope one day to see you again.  Remember what I have said and seek the Master."  He closed his eyes and never said any more.  She wept at the passing of her only friend but also found comfort in the fact that he was not afraid and seemed almost anxious for death or whatever came after.  Seek the Master.  What did that mean?  Perhaps she would find out more in the ruined city that would be her destination.  She left to find what sleep she could. 
 The Head Cook woke her before dawn and handed her a small purse with a meager supply of coins and a slightly larger sack containing food for the journey.  She said, "this is what we can spare you.  Leave quickly and I hope the future is kinder to you, though there is little enough joy in the world, so I would not expect it."  She dressed and gathered her meager belongings.  The cook handed her a set of saddlebags in which to stow her sparse treasures.  She said, "Valgo died last night but among his things were found a few items that might aid you on your journey.  There is a cloak, a blanket, and a few other necessities for such travel, but this may be of greatest aid to you."  The cook handed her a sheathed sword.  Clara looked at it as if it were a poisonous snake.  The cook smiled, "I know you do not know how to wield the thing but perhaps wearing it will scare away anyone foolish enough to think to trifle with you."  
Among the other items were a length of rope, a tinderbox, a waterskin, and a few other travel necessities.  She carried everything into the stable and the groom helped her in saddling the horse and securing her possessions.  The groom then unsaddled the horse and made the girl do it herself.  She was a quick learner.  Packed for the journey, nothing remained but to bridle the horse and to be off.  The groom said, "I could not find a bit among the old man's tack and I have none to spare."  
The girl smiled, "Valgo said never to use a bit on the poor beast so it is of no matter."  He shook his head in wonder but said nothing.  
 Clara had very little to do with horses; the animal seemed to know this and was very patient.  The groom laughed, "do you know how to tend to your animal upon the road?"  Clara shook her head and the groom taught her briefly the basics of picking up and cleaning the hooves, grooming, and other little tips on how to make it a more pleasant journey for her mount.  The animal seemed appreciative of his efforts.  In parting, he said, "he seems a fine animal, though he has hardly left his stall in the last year.  I wish you well of him."  He helped her into the saddle and her journey was begun.  The guards at the gates watched curiously as the raggedly dressed girl with a very awkward seat in the saddle rode out into the breaking day but did not try to stop her.  Thus began her adventures.

Prince Brisbe was irate that his bride-to-be had been summarily banished and vowed to one day ride to her rescue, but until he came of age his father forbid it and promptly set about introducing him to every eligible and acceptable young lady he could find in hopes of distracting him from the scullion.
Clara rode for the entire day.  She simply sat in the saddle and the horse decided where they went and when they stopped.  She would pull on the reins and he would simply ignore her.  She was terribly sore after their first day of riding but she thought she would become accustomed to it eventually, as all the heroes in her stories seemed to ride about quite often and not suffer any ill effects.  She attended to the needs of her mount as the groom had shown her and then he ambled off into the gathering darkness.  She wondered if he would be there in the morning but somehow she knew he would.  
She started a fire and ate a small meal, trying to make her scant supply of food last as long as possible.  She then pulled out her little book, and with no one to tell her to go to bed, she read long into the night but weariness eventually overcame her.  She awoke to find the brown eyes of the horse looking deep into her own, as if they could see her very heart.  She ate quickly and saddled the horse as she had been shown.  Getting into the saddle without a boost was another matter entirely, but after much wasted effort, she finally attained her goal and they were quickly off.  The days passed and she became well-accustomed to mounting, riding, and looking after her mount.  She still knew nothing of actually guiding a horse with knee or rein.  She also began to realize that even in her stories, there was much tedium and weariness between all the adventures.  Traveling could be as much a chore as a day in the kitchens.  
They traveled steadily east and whenever they came across a village or other small clustering of civilization, Clara bought a little food for the next leg of their journey.  She also became far less sore and began to enjoy her time in the saddle.  She often pondered Valgo's dying words, his many stories, and his kindness to her.  Her book was full of tales and many of the stories contained the ever mysterious Brethren.  It was said they had once been numerous but were now either extinct or had perhaps always been a myth.  She wondered what she would find in the strange ruined city that was their destination.  The horse was certainly a peculiar companion.  He was very strong willed and independent and set the course and timing of their journey.  However he was also very attentive to the girl in his charge and never let her far out of his sight lest some evil befall her.  Once they reached Astoria, he was not required to have anything more to do with her if he did not wish it.  
As far as humans went she was a charming little thing, but he longed to again serve one of the Brethren as his kind was made to do.  He carried the girl simply because it was his master's final request and he would protect her while she was in his keeping.  He watched in amusement as the girl tried to wield the sword she had carried these many days.  She was light on her feet and naturally graceful but she knew nothing of weapons or fighting.  At least wearing the thing kept a few of the scoundrels who roamed the world away from her; they did not know she knew not how to use the thing and did not wish to risk discovering that she did.  The longer she wore it, the more accustomed she became to its weight; it soon looked as if it belonged upon her which implied that she had some skill with the blade.  
One night they rode into the village of Waymeet, not far from Astoria.  She found the supplies she needed and used the last of her coins.  As the girl left the village to seek a good place to spend the night, she was followed by three local lads with nothing better to do with their time.  She started her fire and the three boys walked into its light, the tallest saying, "are you all alone tonight?  Perhaps we can offer some much needed companionship?"  
She looked at them in irritation and said, "I want nothing to do with you.  Leave me in peace."  
The lads laughed her to scorn and drew ever closer.  She put her hand to her blade and they stopped their advance.  The stout one said, "come, it is three to one and I doubt she knows one end of a sword from the other."  Eager smiles crossed their faces and she backed away from them.  As they continued their approach, a scream of fury sounded from the surrounding trees as the gelding came forward rearing and pawing the earth.  He looked like a thunderhead, ready to burst.  The boys, not up to facing such a creature for so small a gain, immediately left their quarry, and fled.  As the youths ran, the horse tossed his head and snorted in disgust.  
She smiled and laid a hand on the arching neck and said, "thank you."  He gave her an amused look before silently withdrawing into the night.  In the morning they were off again.  The girl knew little of geography or where they were or where they had been but as each day passed her excitement grew.  She could not wait to discover what waited at the end of their journey but she also dreaded the parting with the great horse.  She had very little food and no more money and then she would be alone and afoot.  She dared to hope that she might find something awaiting her in the ruined city.  Finally, the day dawned in which she would find hope or utter despair.  
A great tangle of brush grew up on what had once been pastures and fields about the crumbling walls that surrounded the great city.  The city had not fallen in battle but had succumbed to the steady march of time with no one to tend it.  The Brethren's numbers had been decimated during two centuries of constant war; the plague had struck at their very core, not even sparing the Lady, who was their leader and their heart.  Those that survived abandoned the castle, unable to hold it and sought a living elsewhere.  The Brethren that had survived continued in their perpetual quest to serve Truth and justice, but were scattered and without a leader.  Thus came Clara to all that remained of once great Astoria.  The walls were crumbling, pigeons nested in the neglected towers of the castle, and the streets were strewn with dust and debris.  Not even outlaws lived in the forgotten place as it was too far from anywhere to make it a good hideout, and the myth of its past kept out the more superstitious fortune hunters.  
She was alone save for the birds and the rats.  She wandered the empty streets and wondered what it was like in its days of glory.  She knew that there had been joy here once and hoped it would be so again.  They approached the castle itself and easily made their way through the gaping gates.  The horse stopped in the courtyard and would go no further.  She unsaddled him and put her gear beside a cracked wall.  She patted him gently and thanked him for his faithful service.  Much to her surprise, he nuzzled her gently in farewell but did not seem in a hurry to leave.  She felt she must at least explore the ruin and find what secrets it had to tell.  Off to one side of the courtyard, a small door hung on one hinge.  Curious, she moved it aside and stared onto a vast lawn that seemed to encompass the top of the hill upon which the castle and city stood.  Strangely, it was not over grown with weeds or brambles but looked as if it were well tended.  
Down the very center of the lawn, a great crack had been rent in the earth.  She went to her hands and knees and crawled to the very edge of the chasm.  It minded her of a story in her book, the story that told of the beginnings of the Brethren and the fall of mankind.  Could this be the very place that story had happened?  She smiled in amusement, Valgo had said the stories were true but he was a very old man and his mind might not be as keen as it once was.  How could such a thing have happened?  And if it did, why was the present so bleak?  And why had the world endured such hardship?  She backed away from the edge (she was not fond of heights) but did not immediately rise to go.  There was a sense of peace here that she had not felt in all her years slaving in the kitchens or even in the freedom of her long journey.  She suddenly felt that she was not alone.  She glanced behind her but saw nothing.  She glanced across the great gap that opened in the earth before her and saw a great unicorn standing on the other side.  
She felt a great deal of fear and no little awe.  Here was certainly a creature she had thought to be myth yet it stood there in broad daylight.  But how had it entered the lawn without her noticing?  They were said to be magical, perhaps that was it.  She could do little but cower upon the grass.  To her great shock the creature spoke with the voice of a man, though with more authority and knowledge than any human voice ever held.  "Why have you come?" asked the voice gently.  She felt a great urge to look the creature in the eyes and was astounded to see great love and terrible grief mingled there with all the knowledge contained within creation and beyond.  
She said very quietly, "I am not sure, sir.  I was sent away and had nowhere else to go, though I know not what future I can find in a ruined city."  
The creature smiled and said, "dear heart, you have come because I called you, though you did not know it.  Had you not wished to find Me you would have avoided My call at all costs."  
The girl looked surprised, "but who are you sir?"  
The creature smiled again and said, "I Am Myself."  
The girl looked confused, "but that does not help me."  
He smiled again and said, "in your tongue, I am called the Master."  At this the girl began to weep.  The Master was suddenly beside her and nuzzled her gently, "fear not little one.  I did not call you hither to harm you but to give you a future.  You are lost and alone in the world but you need not be so any longer."  
The girl said through her tears, "but I thought You a myth or a monster.  I reviled the very thought of You and laughed at those who held You dear.  Can You love me even so?"  
The Master said gently, "if you alone were the only soul alive in the world I still would have died to rescue you."  
She looked up into His eyes beyond depth, "the story is true?"  
He smiled and said, "yes child, the good as well as the bad.  Will you trust Me?"  
She smiled and flung her arms around the great neck, "if you will have me I am Yours."  She stayed there for a long time and wept away years of loneliness, grief, and despair; she knew that He had seen her sufferings and that He Himself would happily bear them.  With a lighter heart and a joyful spirit she sat on the grass at His feet, "why have You allowed this place to fall into ruin and all Your servants to be slain or scattered?"  
He said, "there are some things you cannot yet know and others that are far beyond your understanding.  Things happen as they must and I use them for My own purposes.  There is no tragedy that I do not use to bring about some good or needful thing.  You may not always understand but you must always trust.  If you truly wish to serve Me you must know that things might grow dark or terrible at times.  It is not an easy life but even in the darkness I will ever be at your side.  Do you still wish to serve Me?"  
The girl looked at Him in horror, as if He might turn her away, "do not send me away."  
He smiled, "I will never forsake you, it is only you that can forsake Me.  I am always near if you wish Me to be."  
She pondered this a moment and said, "could You not have prevented all the war and death and disease that have ravaged the world?"  
He said, "I could easily have prevented it, but it is My will to let men make their own decisions and also thus to suffer the consequences of their actions, be they good or ill.  If I simply intervened at will, it would override man's ability to choose his own fate.  One day I will step in and put things back the way I meant them to be, but for now man and the Enemy are in control of the world.  I act through My servants but will not touch the course of history, save where I must for reasons of My own.  The world was once perfect and it is through the poor decisions of men that it is in its current state.  This will one day be rectified but for now I wish to give mankind the chance to find Me and serve Me willingly."  
 "But even Your servants are leaderless," said the girl, "at least in the stories it implied that there was always someone there to guide them.  Even if something befell their leader, another was always raised in her stead.  Why have they been abandoned?"  
The Master smiled gently, "I always raise up another, but it is in My own time.  You must understand that all things happen according to My will and in its own time.  You must not despair if things happen and you do not understand or lose heart when things do not happen as you think they should.  Trust Me to know that all is as it should be.  Beyond all death, pain, darkness, and despair there is always hope in Me.  Never forget that.  I am above and beyond all things and nothing is, without Me."  
The girl knelt on the grass before Him and said, "do with me as You will.  There is no greater purpose for my life."  
He said, "then rise and taste of My blood."  She gasped in horror to see the gaping wound that had marred His side since that fateful day long ago when evil first rent the world.  She took a step back in horror, but such was His fervent gaze that she did as she was bidden.  She felt as if her eyes had been opened and that her true self had been asleep all these years.  She knelt before Him again, no longer a lost child but a beloved daughter.  He said, "you have answered My call and now I will tell you the quest I have set before you.  You must find my scattered servants, rebuild this city, and again spread My message through all lands and to all people.  Defend the innocent, seek justice, spread the Truth, speak hope, and give wise counsel.  These are your tasks.  You are to lead My people and rekindle the spark that has all but dwindled.  Once again My servants shall become a light in a dark world.  Rise Lady of Astoria and seek My scattered sheep and bring others into the fold."  
She looked up, seeking His gentle face but saw only sunshine and crumbling stone.  But in her heart she knew that He was there even if she could not see Him.  Where was she even to begin?  How could a child of barely sixteen years lead a people that were scattered far and wide and no doubt at least thrice her age?  She doubted there had been many added to their dwindling numbers in the last half century.  Then she remembered the story of Astoria, whose name this city yet bore and how she was little more than a child herself and who had to start with nothing, not even a ruined city.  Clara determined not to fail, no matter the cost to herself.  She left the pleasant lawn and found her way back into the ruined courtyard.  To her surprise the gelding still stood there.


Chapter 2

 The creature gazed deep into her eyes and she into his.  She felt some presence or foreign thought trying to ease itself into her mind.  Suddenly she knew it was the gelding.  At first she recoiled at the intrusion but finally submitted to his persistence and all was made clear to her.  She blinked and a unicorn stood before her where once the horse had stood.  She knew now that this was his natural form, though rarely seen.  He was smaller than the Master but still greater in height and stature than a normal horse.  His horn and hooves were of silver rather than gold, and his eyes held knowledge and love but not the wisdom of the ages and all beyond and before.  She also knew that now he was hers as she was his.  Their friendship could be broken by nothing but death or betrayal.  He whickered in delight and placed his great head on her shoulder.  To think that she had once thought him a strangely intelligent horse!  He again cloaked himself as a mortal horse but she knew now what he truly was.  She was loath to part from him but curiosity drew her deeper into the castle.  
She was mistress of this ruin and wondered how she was to make it the place it was now only in legend and memory.  She stepped lightly around fallen stones and timber and all else that stood in her path.  She dared not ascend into the towers but found what remained of the kitchens, guest rooms, a stable, and a great dining hall.  Everything was deep in dust and what had not been looted had succumbed to moths, rodents, and the whims of time.  She gazed sadly around at the shell of what once must have been a great city.  She could not imagine what a city full of the Brethren must be like, but it must have been wonderful.
She doubted not that even the servants in such a place must lead happy lives far from the life she herself had known.  She continued down a long corridor with sleeping chambers and more formal rooms, used in previous years to entertain guests, on either side.  At the end of the long hall, she found a door in excellent repair that was set firmly upon its hinges.  Unlike everything else, save the lawn where she had met the Master, this part of the castle seemed to be well maintained.  She tried the door but it was barred against her.  Curious, she knocked firmly.  She could hear something like a debate going on within the room but could not hear the words.  She smiled in anticipation: she was not alone.  She heard the discussion subside and the sound of the door being unbarred.  The door was opened a crack and she could barely see two curious forms trying to get a good look at her.  
"Who are you and what do you want?" asked a male voice.  
She said, "I am called Clara and came here seeking answers."  
The male voice sounded amused, "if it is answers you seek then you have come to the right place.  Do you come in peace?"  
Clara laughed, "yes.  I wear a sword but know not the use of it."  
"She speaks truly," came a female voice, "let her in."  
The door swung wide and she was as surprised as the two inhabitants of the room.  There was something strange about them, there seemed to be a faint glow about their persons and she felt towards them as she might towards a well-loved sibling.  They were both in their middle years and both wore swords but their eyes held wisdom and their faces seemed always on the verge of joy.  They stared at her as if she were some strange beast strayed out of the Northern Wilds, seldom seen by civilized men.  "How is this possible?" asked the woman, "you are very young and yet there has not been an Oath-taking in half a century, yet you are truly one of the Brethren!"  
"Who are you?" asked the girl, "And what are you doing in this seemingly abandoned ruin?"  
The man smiled, "I am Skye and this is my wife Mina.  We were left to tend the accumulated knowledge of the Brethren: books and scrolls collected, studied, and preserved from time beyond reckoning.  The city itself lapsed into decay but stone and wood can be replaced; what lingers here is wealth that is irreplaceable and beyond price.  With her dying breath, the Last Lady of Astoria bid us protect this trove of wisdom.  We have remained ever since, though all others have long since scattered across the whole face of the world.  Now who, pray tell, are you and how did you come to be numbered among us?"
 Clara looked at the two worriedly, not knowing quite how to break the news to them, but said, "I was an orphan and worked many long years in the kitchens of the King of Ithalia.  In that time only one man showed me any compassion.  It was he that taught me to read, opened my mind to things beyond my life of drudgery, and showed me that there is yet hope in the world.  His name was Valgo and long had he served the King as an advisor and then as a tutor to the King's children.  I was a childhood playmate of the youngest of the King's sons and he showed too much interest in me and I was thus dismissed.  They were to turn me out into the wilderness with nothing more than the clothes on my back, but Valgo leant me his faithful steed and what gear for travel he yet possessed.  He asked the horse to bring me here, though I knew nothing of horses or the wide world.  Valgo died that night and the creature brought me here as instructed.  As I was poking about the ruins, I entered a walled lawn with a great rent in the center of the hilltop.  It was there I encountered what I had up until that moment thought merely legend.  The Master Himself was there and it was He that brought me into the Brethren.  He also said I was to lead His people once more and gather them from the farthest corners of the earth."  
To her shock and mortification, both of the strangers went to one knee before her.  The man smiled and hope shone bright in his eyes, "we are at your service, Lady of Astoria."  
The woman smiled delightedly, "long have we waited and our vigilance has not been in vain."  
Clara looked distinctly uncomfortable, "I am a kitchen girl, little more than a willing slave!  I am also far younger than you!"  
The pair stood and the man said, "it matters not your history or your age.  The Master has chosen you to lead us and we are yours to the death."  
Clara went white, "how can I lead you when I do not even know anything about the Brethren, save what I have read in a few stories?"  
Mina laughed, "such knowledge will come with time and study.  And you have come to the perfect place for such pursuits."  
Skye asked, "what do you know and what have you yet to learn?"  
The girl blushed, "I know much about the inner workings of a kitchen.  I can stay on the back of a horse and I can read.  All else I am in utter ignorance of.  I cannot even guide a normal horse, I can only sit in the saddle and let the creature choose his own path."
 Skye laughed, "that is what you get for trying to ride a unicorn that is not your own!  We have little use for a cook, but I think we can give you instruction enough that you will become at least moderately proficient with a sword, a horse, and all aspects of lore and knowledge."  She smiled and bowed in thanks.  Both looked at her as if scandalized.  
"Lady," said Skye gently, "it is not proper for you to bow to us, save slightly in acknowledgement of our own courtesies."  The girl blushed again; she had much to learn.  
The days that followed were filled with learning.  She was instructed in all manner of things and was curiously able to learn a vast amount of material in a very short period of time.  The more physical disciplines, such as wielding a sword, came more slowly, but she seemed to have a natural talent for such things and was not slow in gaining at least a modicum of skill.  Wing, her unicorn, was now much more compliant with her cues and wishes and she hardly needed to think of where she wanted to go before he was already there.  Since she must master the finer points of controlling a normal horse and none was near to hand, Wing was forced to play the part.  She was soon as comfortable in the saddle as she was on the ground.  She had many questions to ask of her fellow Brethren and they were a fount of knowledge.  
Since the demise of the previous Lady of Astoria, Skye and Mina remained to protect and maintain the library but everyone else had scattered across the world to see what aid they could give to others in those desperate times.  Every few years, someone would ride in to report or occasionally a pigeon would come, but as the years passed, communication between the Brethren was greatly reduced or failed altogether.  Someone would have to go out and find those scattered to the four winds and it seemed Clara must be the one to go.  In better times, the Lady hardly ever left Astoria but in these dire circumstances there seemed no other choice.  The others were loath to send her out alone but it was the only option.  They had some time yet, as Skye would not hear of letting her go before he was satisfied that she would be able to handle the dangers of such a journey.  
The three lived quietly, surviving on the little garden they tended, the few cows and chickens they kept, and occasional hunting forays into the surrounding countryside.  The library and a few rooms Skye and Mina frequented were kept in good repair but they had not the time or skill to keep the rest of Astoria from falling into ruin.  Along with the precious books and scrolls, they had also preserved various articles of clothing and equipment.  They raided these stores to find something more suitable for the Lady than the rags in which she had come.  Clara was not happy to be so fussed over but Mina was insistent that if she was to be the Lady of Astoria she must also dress the part and allow herself to be treated as such.  She sighed, but accepted it as graciously as she could.  The day was soon coming when she would have to convince the world that she was who she claimed to be and no one would believe her if she continued to think of herself as a kitchen maid.

The day finally came when Prince Brisbe turned sixteen.  His father had flung an endless stream of beautiful but rather shallow woman at him in the ensuing months since Clara disappeared yet his heart ever yearned for her.  They had been playmates as children and he had watched her secretly from afar as she had grown and matured into an intriguing woman lost in the depths of the kitchens, though no one else saw anything in her but an orphan and a drudge.  
The day he turned sixteen he approached his father and said, "according to our laws I am free to marry whom I choose as soon as I come of age.  I am of age and wish to leave in search of the lady you so easily dismissed."  
The King was astounded at the boy's devotion to so lowly a person and said, "is there no lady in all the courts of all the lands that will please you that you must settle for so meager a bride?"  
The boy stood firm, "ever have I loved her, if only from afar.  She has the heart of ten of these beauties you constantly encumber me with.  I will seek her out and win her heart.  There is naught you can do to stop me."  
The King looked grim, "you will do as you feel you must but know this: that if you choose such a bride you will never be allowed to sit upon the throne nor rule over Ithalia."  
The boy nodded, "I understand, though my chances of doing just that were never very great to begin with.  I am your youngest child and my nine elder siblings have that right before me.  I will follow my heart."  
"So be it," said the King, and without a farewell from his father, the boy rode off in search of his beloved.  
A chance encounter with one of the stable boys revealed that she was bound for Astoria, wherever that was.  He consulted the aged Librarian and several ancient maps and found at least a place of that name, though no more was known of it than that.  Whatever could the girl hope to find in so forgotten a place?  He made his preparations and rode off at once.  The whole castle was scandalized by his intentions but it provided lively conversation for many months to come.  Who would give up their chance at the throne, no matter how slim, to woo a scullion?  He rode east, ever seeking signs of her passing.  Occasionally he passed through a village where she had been seen some months before.  A woman traveling alone in such times was always remarked.  He was on the right path.  Eventually he came to Waymeet and they directed him to what remained of once famed Astoria.  The locals said the girl had been there but they also said the city was a ruin and no one had ventured thither in many long years.  Some said it was haunted or cursed.  He scoffed at such ideas but did not look forward to the morrow's journey.
 He rode hard and at last came to the place where his lady perhaps had fled for refuge.  It was a dreary place, crumbling and overgrown with half a century's worth of brush and briar.  It was made worse by the thought that once it had been a great and beautiful city full of joy and peace.  He dismounted and led his horse through the tangle of brush that surrounded the city.  He wound his way carefully through the debris-strewn streets.  Finally he came to the gates of the castle itself.  He seemed alone, save for the rats and the pigeons that always seemed to dwell in such places.  
He led his horse through the gates and drew up short.  A man stood in the courtyard and held him at swordpoint.  "What is your business here?" asked the man.  
Brisbe took a step away from the threatening blade and said, "I come in search of a young woman who was rumored to have come hither."  
"What do you want with her?" asked the man grimly.  
"I seek only to find her and learn if she is well," said Brisbe.  
"Speak the full truth boy, I know you have kept something from me," said the man.  
Brisbe looked surprised but said, "I mean her no harm."  
The man sheathed his blade and said, "you speak the truth and I will not threaten a man who comes in peace.  Who are you?"  
Brisbe said, "and who are you?  I may well ask what such a man is doing in such a place."  
The man said, "I am called Skye and it is my duty to defend and preserve the heart of Astoria."  
"The heart of Astoria?" asked the boy in wonder, "Is there yet some great treasure lurking in this ruin?"  
Skye smiled, "the greatest treasure in all the world perhaps, but it is of knowledge I speak, not of gold or gems."  
Brisbe nodded, "then your dedication has not been in vain.  What value are such treasures in the end?"  
Skye smiled, "it seems you have a good mind and perhaps a great heart.  You have much wisdom for one so young.  Tell me your name and business and then I shall take you to the Lady you seek."  
The boy said, "I am called Brisbe and am the youngest child of the King of Ithalia, though if my intentions are fulfilled he shall deny me the throne should it ever fall to me."  
"You risk much," said Skye with a knowing light in his eyes, "your quest must be great indeed.  Come."  
Brisbe left his horse in the courtyard and followed the strange man on a winding path through the dilapidated castle.  He opened a door at the end of a long corridor and exchanged a few words with an anxious looking woman.  To his surprise, she sheathed her own sword as he entered the room.  He gaped about him in wonder at the number of books and scrolls that lined the walls and filled various tables, chests, and shelves.  The library looked as well maintained as his own back home.  Sitting at one table, engrossed in some ancient manuscript, was the woman he sought.  She was dressed plainly, but compared to her usual raiment she looked a Queen.  She glanced up at him and a look of pleasure and embarrassment crossed her face.  She stood and offered him a courtesy, as if between equals, and for some reason she looked questioningly towards Skye.  The man smiled slightly and nodded.  She returned the smile and seemed well-pleased for some reason.
"Prince Brisbe," said she formally, "I welcome you to Astoria."  
The prince smiled, "I see you have gained some confidence, if nothing else in this strange place.  What has drawn you here and what keeps you still?"  
She said, "I had nowhere else to go and was offered a ride to this strange country if I would take it.  At the time it seemed a better choice than nothing.  Upon arrival I realized that there was far more to it than a simple chance."
Brisbe said, "I see that you are doing well here and I assume you are reaping the benefits of so great a collection of wisdom."  
She smiled, "yes, I have not been idle and have learned much, though there is always more to learn."  
Brisbe said, "I was furious when my father sent you away and set out immediately when I turned of age.  He will deny me the throne should it ever fall to me if I gain my heart's desire.  I have loved you my entire life and would have you as my wife, if you would have me?"  Tears appeared in her eyes and the elder Brethren gasped in surprise.  
She said, "it cannot be so, even though I once thought it my heart's desire.  I am sworn to another."  
"What?" said the confounded man, "Reveal the fellow to me that I may face him in single combat for the honor of your hand."  
The Lady shook her head sadly, "it is not as you think.  It is not another man to which I am bound, but the Master Himself.  I cannot marry one not of the Brethren."
 The boy again gaped at Clara in astonishment, "the Brethren?  The Master?  What fairy tales have you become entangled in?  If it is your heart's longing to be my wife, why deny me for such quaint ideals?"  
The girl wept openly and Mina put a comforting arm around her, leading her from the room, giving the prince a significant look as they departed.  Brisbe's heart ached for the girl's pain but his own mind reeled from her impossible rejection.  Skye came over and said, "you do not understand any of this I think and thus her rejection is impossible to bear.  It has been many long years since most people have even heard of the Brethren or the Master.  Most blame the Master for not preventing the tragedies of the last few centuries.  Many feel that He has abandoned us to our fate or never existed at all.  The Brethren have dwindled and now are nearly extinct, but the time has come for wrongs to be righted and the forgotten to be remembered.  You may think the Master a children's tale and the Brethren a myth, but both are still present in the world though not with the influence we once had.  Clara is nearly the first to join us in half a century.  For fifty years we have remained in the shadows, forgotten, scattered, and leaderless.”  
He continued, “again the Master has raised up a leader and she has answered His call.  It is a meager army of two and she rules a ruined country, but she is the Lady of Astoria and we will serve her to the death.  She must forsake her vows to the Master to marry you, else you must join the Brethren to even be considered.  She will not abandon her duty, so only one choice is left to you.  You must also understand that you can only join us with a heart fervently dedicated to the Master, you cannot do so solely with the intentions of seeking Clara's hand.  Even if you do decide to become one of us, it is not guaranteed that she will even have you.  The Lady of Astoria has rarely been married in eight thousand years of recorded history and if she was, she was married prior to serving as the Lady.  For both of you it would be a difficult situation.  She would be forced to treat you as any of her servants and might send you on a quest that might mean your death.  You must treat her with the respect due her station and never use your relationship to influence her judgments or decisions."
 "You speak as if there is no hope!" said Brisbe.  
Skye nodded, "there is very little, but if you are committed to this course, that is the only path you can take; the chances of success are slim and the cost is great.  The Master demands your entire being to be put to His service and it will eventually cost you your life.  The Lady will send you to the ends of the earth on various quests and you may see her but little.  Are you willing to spend your life thus?"  
Brisbe thought for a moment and said, "I know little of the Master and nothing of the Brethren but you seem a wise and honorable lot.  I would like to learn more of your ways and then perhaps I can come to a decision."  
Skye nodded, "you are welcome to stay and learn, but you must not hinder the Lady in any way.  She has much to learn and soon leaves to seek out those that are scattered abroad."  
"Who shall ride with her?" asked Brisbe.  
Skye looked grim, "she rides alone.  We have no one to send with her."  
"Alone!" squawked the prince, "A girl her age has no right going alone.  Let me go with her."  
"It cannot be allowed," said Skye, "unless you are sworn to us, we cannot trust or endanger you on such a mission."  
Brisbe nodded grimly, "I shall consider this carefully."  
"There is one other thing," said Skye, "should you join us and the Lady approves of you as her husband, it must be agreed upon by the Council of Six."  
"The Council of Six?" asked Brisbe.  
Skye said, "in previous days the Council was made up of six of the wisest among the Brethren and advised the Lady in all matters of state, but the decisions were hers alone.  It is the Lady who must approve all marriages within the Brethren, but it falls to the Council to determine if the Lady shall be allowed to marry.  The catch is that the Council was scattered with the rest of the Brethren over fifty years ago.  We are not even sure if they are still alive.  Only with their consent can you marry but first we must find them.  That is what the Lady shall endeavor to do along with finding the rest of her servants."  
Brisbe said, "I understand.  Now tell me more of your peculiar people that I may decide my future."  Skye nodded and began to tell the boy many things of the Brethren and the Master.

 Mina drew the Lady into a private chamber and allowed the girl to weep as she must.  She said gently, "Skye will explain the situation to the boy.  It shall be his decision how to act and you must not let it trouble you.  If he chooses to join us and you approve of him as a husband, you must yet gain the approval of the Council and as you know, they are scattered about the whole face of creation."  
The girl ceased her weeping and nodded grimly, "I will do what I must, though I never anticipated such a turn of events.  To think that he would pursue me all this way!  We merely played together as children.  I know him not as a man and must do so before I can consent to such a thing.  I am not who I was when my heart yearned for such things.  I will let Brisbe and time decide what they may and then act as I must."  
Mina smiled to herself, knowing the Lady would handle this strange situation well.  The two women returned to the library where they found the men deep in conversation.  The men stood as they entered the room and bowed politely.  The prince approached Clara and said, "this is a very peculiar situation in which I find myself.  I had thought to ride in the hero and rescue you, but it seems you need no such service.  I must consider carefully what I have learned and when I have come to a decision you shall be the first to know."  
The Lady smiled and said, "take all the time you need.  I am sorry for the trouble I have caused you but it was not of my doing or design."  They both smiled at this and Brisbe resumed his conversation with Skye while the ladies resumed their previous pursuits.  
After supper, Mina spoke with the prince while Skye drew the Lady aside for a brief word.  Skye said, "Lady, if he decides to take the Oath, it will fall upon you to see that it is done properly."  
Clara looked surprised, "me?"  
Skye smiled, "that is one of your traditional duties.  Only the Lady or the Master Himself has ever done such a thing."  
"How am I to know what to do or how to proceed?" asked the girl.  
They walked to a far corner of the library and he rummaged through a box of books until he found the one he sought.  He handed it to Clara and said, "this is a faithful copy of the journal of Astoria herself.  The original work fell to dust over time but it has been faithfully copied every hundred years or so.  Within you will find what you need to know."  
Clara looked at the volume in awe, as if she held the entire fate of the world in her hands.  She withdrew to a quiet corner and began to read.  It was amazing to read the words and thoughts of the first of the Brethren and how she had struggled to bring the Brethren into being and ensure their continuance.  She was about the same age as Clara and Clara actually had much more as far as knowledge and resources at her disposal.  Astoria had had to start with nothing.  Clara spent many late nights and most of the following days engrossed in Astoria's journal.  She could not wait to start her own adventure and perhaps reestablish that which her predecessor had worked so hard to found.  Though she was enraptured by Astoria's words, she was not excused from her regular lessons.  She had learned much but would need everything she could manage to learn before she set off on her own.  
The prince spent most of the ensuing days lost in thought, speaking with the two elder Brethren, or delving deep into old manuscripts.  Finally he came to a decision.  He spoke to Skye, who said, "you know that by doing this you will lose all claim to rank, title, wealth, land, and privilege?"  
Brisbe laughed wryly, "my father has very nearly disowned me as it is.  What are such things compared to the greater pursuits in life?  I must do this and would do so even without the possibility of wooing the Lady.  I can think of no greater purpose for my life."  
Skye clapped him on the back and said, "very good!  We go to the Lady."  
Brisbe still found it strange, the amount of respect the two elder Brethren paid their young leader, who had so recently been ranked among the lowest of the low.  He did not begrudge her her change in status and easily fell in with the others in treating her with the respect due her position.  They found her as usual in the library and she put away her book and stood as they entered.  Each bowed appropriately and then Skye said, "this young man has come to a decision."  
Clara looked at the young prince and said, "what is it you have decided?"  
Brisbe nearly grinned in excitement but tried to remain serious and said, "I wish to join the Brethren, Lady."  
She nodded and said, "and you are aware of all the responsibilities and limitations imposed upon us?"  
He nodded, "yes Lady, and I still wish to become one of you."  
She smiled slightly, "and you also know that this in no way guarantees that you may ever gain my hand?"  
He bowed politely and said, "I am well aware of this and it in no way affects my decision."  
"Very well," said she, "then let us proceed with all speed, though I know not much more than you in how such things are done."  Thus was that peculiar ritual carried out and Brisbe came to be numbered among the Brethren.  
Skye smiled at the Lady and said, "within only a few months you have already doubled our numbers."  
She laughed and said, "if only it were so easy.  I fear we have much work ahead of us."  And it was very true that they had much work to do to reestablish that which had been lost or overlooked for so long.  
Skye pulled the Lady aside one day and said quietly, "I think the time draws nigh that I will feel somewhat comfortable in sending you forth on your quest."  
"Only somewhat?" asked she.  
"Yes," said he a bit sadly, "enjoy your freedom while you may.  For the day will come when only dire circumstances will draw you forth from Astoria.  You must not waste your life in things others of us can die accomplishing.  As our leader, you are also a prisoner of your own position.  Did I have it my way, you would not even be allowed out on this quest but we have no one else to send.  I have the small comfort of knowing that you will have a skilled sword at your back and that if all else fails, that you are not completely helpless yourself."  
She sighed, but it became a laugh, "it seems I have fled one sort of slavery for another."  
Skye smiled, "we all endure one form of slavery or another, the only question is in whose service we spend our lives."  
"When may I go?" asked she.  
He said, "as soon as your escort finds himself a suitable mount."  
"How are such things decided?" asked she.  
Skye laughed, "we have no say in the matter.  It is something known only to unicorns.  One shall find him soon enough."  
"They are peculiar creatures," mused she.  
"They are indeed but I would have it no other way," said he.  
"Neither would I," smiled she.
  
 Brisbe wondered at the strange turn his life had suddenly taken.  He was once a prince and now found himself servant to a girl who had once been a slave in all but title.  He knew he had made the right decision but it was still very strange.  He also began to realize that if the woman he pursued did not become his wife, he could at least live contentedly knowing that she was his sister and leader.  The agony he had felt at her rejection had passed into acceptance of whatever might happen but also of hope in the future regardless.  He spent much of his time pouring over old tomes and listening to whatever the elder Brethren chose to teach him.  The thought of memorizing the entire works known as the Truth and the Common Law intimidated him but he found he now had a knack for such things.
He could also see how the world was aching to hear the words and comfort contained within said writings.  The hard part would be interpreting the generalizations found therein to apply to a given situation.  Skye assured him it would come with time.  He was also astonished to realize that Skye and his wife were over two hundred years old.  He would have thought they were in their forties but that was only their physical appearance.  He was not surprised to learn that his ancient tutor was around three hundred when he finally died.  To think the old man had been one of the Brethren all this time and none had even considered such a thing!  Of course, few now lived that remembered the Brethren had ever existed.  He wondered what his father would say on hearing the news.  
He looked forward to his coming adventure with eagerness and trepidation.  How was one to approach a woman he loved, but who might not return his feelings, and who was also a woman deserving of his greatest respect and devotion in a non-romantic sense?  It would surely be a strange journey.  He also knew that he would keep her safe, no matter the cost to himself.  All that they seemed to wait upon was that amazing moment when he would finally meet his own unicorn, the creature that would serve as friend and companion throughout his life and many journeys.  Skye said the creatures could appear at any time or place in the first few months after an Oath was taken.  It had only been a few weeks but already he grew weary of waiting, but patience like all virtues, must be cultivated.  The creature finally made an appearance and the time was at hand for their departure.  They stood in the courtyard of the crumbling castle and the two elder bid the two younger farewell.  
Skye looked upon the stallion that had turned up only the day before and said to the creature, "you could have waited a few more years, but I suppose the sooner this quest begins the sooner it shall end."  
The stallion snorted in amusement and Brisbe said, "I thank him for showing up sooner rather than later, for it greatly spares my sanity."  The others laughed in understanding and soon it was time to be off.  They carried with them what little food and coin there was to spare and all the hopes of the Brethren.
 

Chapter 3

"I suppose for this trip you should call me Clara," said she as they rode along, "though Skye insists my given name should not be used after I have become the Lady."  
Brisbe laughed and said, "it may avert many strange questions if I am allowed to do so."  
She smiled, "I can hardly stand all this bother I seem to have inherited with the title.  It will be nice to have a few more months in which to escape my eventual fate of unending formality."  
He smiled and said, "it seems you have gained it and I have lost it.  I am not sorry to see it go."  
She smiled weakly, "I never understood until now how your own position was perhaps no less fraught with restrictions and rules than was my own, perhaps more so, because the fate of the nation rested upon the decisions and actions of your father and his lords.  My decisions only affected me and perhaps the soup.  Yours could destroy a nation."  
"And now that burden is placed upon your shoulders," said Brisbe, "but we shall be there to help you in bearing it."  She smiled in quiet thanks.  He said, "and how are we to find these missing comrades of ours."  
She said, "Skye gave me a list of the last known whereabouts of many of our fellows, though it is likely that many have moved on or died in the last half century.  It is at least a place to start.  A far better source of information is our own mounts.  They can sense their fellows and know vaguely where each individual of their own kind currently resides.  If we find the unicorn, we find the rider."  
"Better than a pack of hounds!" smiled Brisbe, "What is our first destination?"  
She said, "I am not exactly sure but Wing senses one of his fellows somewhere in the East."  
Brisbe said, "he knows which unicorns currently bear a rider and which do not?"  Wing snorted in disgust.  Brisbe laughed, "my apologies my good fellow, I did not mean to insult your skills, I was just ignorant of them."  The unicorn shook his head in satisfaction and they rode on.  In places the road was completely overgrown or covered in debris due to lack of maintenance; traveling was much easier in former days but the unicorns easily made their way through even the thickest tangle of brush.  

“East?” said Brisbe, “We cannot go much further east before we fall into the sea.  We must be making towards Syre.  Who on your list was last seen in Syre?  Can your faithful hound give us names as well?”  
Clara laughed, “sadly, I do not think he can convey that information or perhaps I am just not wise enough to interpret it.”  
Brisbe nodded in understanding.  Unicorns were very good at anticipating their masters’ thoughts and wishes but getting information in return was very tricky.  Whether this was due to the creatures acclimating to their masters’ habits or because they could actually read one’s mind was much debated, but it was commonly known amongst the Brethren that it was far easier to give than to receive.  Perhaps when they drew closer, Wing might have a better idea of who it was they sought.  The other question was, how would they be received by their colleagues?  Skye and Mina had readily accepted Clara, but how would the others react?  She was only sixteen and all of the Brethren that yet lived, save themselves, were at least in their mid-sixties or older.  The others would know by looking at them that they were comrades and that she spoke the truth when she said she was the Lady, but would such seasoned warriors and scholars respect her as was needed if she were to reestablish the Brethren?  She thought that this would most likely be the case, but prepared herself for a struggle, should it come.  The harder part of their mission would be convincing the rulers of the various nations that she was what she claimed.  They had not the Brethren’s ability to recognize one another by sight and it would be only her word against theirs in such a case.
It was an odd mission.  She was to seek out those of their kind that were abroad in the world and tell them that once again there was a Lady in Astoria.  This meant that there would be both organization and leadership once more, and that new recruits could again be added to the rolls.  After she had found several of her colleagues, she felt she could send them off in search of their fellows and then she could focus on making the rounds of the nations, informing them that the Brethren had returned and would be at their service should they wish it.  Curious, she said, “you are the son of a King.  I was a mere servant, so I know little of court intrigue and politics.  What sort of reception will I receive when we confront the various rulers?”  
Brisbe laughed grimly, “if we arrive as we are, dressed as little more than prosperous farmers, with faces that say we are hardly grown while proclaiming to be of a forgotten brotherhood, I am afraid we will not be taken seriously.  Of course we could send messengers but I doubt they will be welcomed any more than we ourselves.  I think it best you approach them personally, which would at least show that you are serious in this matter.  Also, the strength of your personality has grown significantly in these last months and I think that attribute in so young a girl will work to your benefit.  We can only do our best and trust to the Master for success.”  He laughed warmly, “to think I spent my whole life running from, ignoring, or denying the Master and now I trust Him to provide everything from our daily meals to a miraculously receptive ruler when the time comes!”  
“It does seem strange,” mused she, “but I had to face Him in person amidst such doubts and fears.”  
“I am not sure I envy you that experience,” said he, “but it would certainly be something not easily forgotten.”  
She said, “it was quite interesting, if a bit disconcerting.  I certainly would not like to face Him in His wrath or worse, His disappointment.”  
He nodded grimly, “that is why we must endeavor to do our best and strive to be found faithful on that day when we must stand before Him and give account for all we have done or left undone.”
The miles disappeared behind them and Wing’s sense of his fellow unicorn grew ever stronger.  Finally, he was able to communicate with the other creature and reveal the identity and exact location of the man they sought.  The man’s name was Brand and he lurked within the walls of the castle in the capital city of Dara.  The difficulty lay in gaining an audience with the man.  The guards did not let just anyone wander into the castle proper; they must have a very good reason or a connection within to be allowed past the gates.  His unicorn would alert him that there were others of the Brethren within the bounds of Dara, but what he would think of that only Brand himself knew.  They did the only thing they could and rode boldly up to the gates and asked after the man.  The guards glanced at their plain and travel-worn garb questioningly.  
The captain laughed, “and what would you two troublemakers have to do with an honored advisor to the King?”  
Clara said, “our business is with him and him alone.  I will not declare it to others unless I must.  Just tell him we have arrived and wish greatly to speak with him.”  
The guard laughed, “a spirited lady I see.  He shall be informed of your request but you may have to reveal your errand, else he may not see fit to let you in.  If you cause problems and it was he that allowed you in, the blame will fall on him and I do not think he would appreciate that.”  
“Please do as I ask,” said she.  
In spite of himself, the soldier bowed politely, wondering what had caused such a reaction on his part, and left to deliver the message.  They waited patiently until the man returned.  He looked very surprised and said, “he will see you immediately, though he has no more idea who you are than I do.”  The guards let them pass and servants took their mounts.  The captain said, “you will leave your weapons here until you are trusted enough to retrieve them.”  
They handed over their swords and followed the guard into the castle.  After a long and winding stroll, they came to the end of a long corridor and the soldier knocked three times upon the door.  It was opened and an aged man stood before them.  He said, “I will take them from here.  I do not know them personally but they can be considered kin.”  The guard bowed and returned to his post.  The old man ushered them into his quarters saying, “I had not thought that an Oath-taking had happened in half a century, so how is it that two such younglings come to be numbered among the Brethren?”  
Clara smiled joyfully and said, “the time has come for the Brethren to rise from the ashes and continue their duties as they have since the Beginning.  The Master has appointed a new Lady and commands that His people come out of the shadows and continue in their ancient quest.”  
Brand looked surprised, “a new Lady you say?  That is news indeed, especially to these failing ears.  I had not thought to see it so again in my lifetime.  What honored woman has been raised to fill the post?  Has Mina been asked?”  
Clara could not quite meet his eyes and looked at the floor, saying, “it is I.”  
The man looked at her in astonishment but much to her chagrin, he stiffly went to one stiff knee, saying, “it is an honor to serve Lady, though I fear you find me in the twilight of my life.”  
“Rise please,” stammered she, “you need not stand on such formality.”  
The man laughed, “in my day the Lady was due all respect and more.  You cannot treat a woman for whom you would give your life as a common barmaid.  Though I suppose I would willingly die in the place of the serving girl...  Forget my ill thought out analogy.  I am yours to command, Lady.”  
Clara said, “what is your current role in Dara and Syre?”  
The man laughed, “I advise the King on the rare occasion when he is not busy with his other advisors.  Sometimes he remembers I am here, but mostly I am forgotten.  I am too old to go adventuring, thus I am of no use to you in that capacity.”
Clara nodded, “the King at least knows he has an advisor from the Brethren or does he just consider you a wise old man?”  
Brand said, “I think his father knew of my allegiance but both the man and the memory have long since passed into dust.  He keeps me simply because I advised his father.”  
“Is it possible to reintroduce the Brethren to Syre?” asked she.  
Brand laughed, “that would be a monumental task my Lady but I will do it if you so command.”  
She smiled gently, “would it be better for you to take this matter to the King or for me to do so?”  
Brand chuckled, “you seem a mere girl and I fear he would not take you seriously.  Perhaps I should take the matter up with him and when next you pass through Syre, you might stop by and greet the King?”  
Clara nodded glumly, “that is as I thought.  Will anyone take me seriously?”  
He laughed again, “no one would dare cross you if your face were twenty years older.  You have the wisdom and heart of a woman thrice your age.  Carry yourself like this always and people may even forget that you are so young.”  They spent the evening in quiet conversation.  They told what little news they had, asked after any others Brand might know of, and mostly listened to the man’s tales of forgotten years.  They were saddened upon parting the next morning but their mission was pressing and they had many miles to cover in their quest.  Brand said, “I may not linger in my mortal shell much longer but whilst I do, I shall do as you have bidden me.  May the Master ride with you!”  With heavy hearts, they bid their comrade farewell.  They turned their mounts south towards Arca and the next leg of their journey.
The roads in this part of the world were in far better repair than in the wild lands that surrounded Astoria and west towards the North Countries.  There was actually a fair amount of trade between Arca and Syre and thus the highways were well maintained.  The man they sought lingered on the border between the two nations.  Clara smiled, there would be no reluctant guards or encircling walls to keep them from their quarry this time.  Darkness fell but their comrade was very close.  The unicorns emerged silently from the woods and into the light of the man’s small fire.  He looked up in surprise at his guests.  Apparently his mount had not thought it urgent to relay that there were others of the Brethren about.  They dismounted and stepped closer into the firelight.  As they approached, his hand left his sword hilt as he recognized them as his colleagues.  He bowed politely in greeting but stared at them as if he had never seen anything so strange in his life.  He appeared little more than thirty years old, which must make him one of the younger of those they sought.  He said, “I am sorry for my reluctant greeting but I had not expected to see such youngsters claiming to be my comrades.”  
Clara said, “you are not the first nor shall you be the last.  It must seem truly strange to one who was perhaps a participant in the last Oath-taking held fifty years ago?”  
The man looked surprised, “how did you know?”  
She smiled, “I guessed.  You are by far the youngest of the Brethren we have yet encountered.”  
“So how do you come to be numbered among us?” asked he.  
She said, “the Master Himself appeared to me and it is He that asked if I would lead His people.”  
The man went to one knee and smiled, “Lady, it is an honor to serve.  Long have we hoped for this day though never had I expected one so young.”  
She smiled graciously and said, “let it be known to yourself and all the Brethren that there is again a Lady in Astoria and we shall be again as once we were.  The Master has called us back from obscurity and I mean to answer His call.  But there is much work to be done.”  He stayed on one knee until she motioned for him to rise and they all found comfortable seats around the fire.  All this formality would take some getting used to!  She said, “what have you been about these many years?”  
He bowed from his seat and said, “Lady, I was assigned to this area long ago and ever have I ridden the circuit teaching the Truth and dispensing justice, though we are all but forgotten and the Master fares little better.”  
She said, “your task is a needful one, but for a time I wish you to ride out as we are currently doing and find our scattered comrades.  Do you know the whereabouts of any of the others?”  
He shook his head, “I know of none save Brand in the city of Dara.  It has been a long and lonely time but we have remained true.  I shall certainly do as you ask.”  
The Lady said, “we have already spoken with Brand and he shall remain where he is.  We shall continue our search in the east for any of the Brethren that yet linger here.  If you would go to the Southern Kingdoms and do the same, it would greatly speed our search.  Send others out as you find them and then on to Astoria.  I will decide from there whence each of you shall go.  Leave the very old and those that advise the rulers at their posts but spread the word to all that there is once again order within the Brethren and any who wish to join us may.  Also, if you find any qualified to stand before the various rulers or feel so called yourself, see that they are informed that the Brethren have returned.”  He smiled broadly and would have left at once had she not stopped him.  She laughed, “come my friend, you need not leave until morning.  Let us spend what is left of the evening dispelling the long years of loneliness that you have endured.”  They spent many hours that night in enjoyable conversation.
He left in the morning for the many Kingdoms far to the South.  The Lady and her escort rode on towards the capital city of Arca, called by the same name.  Their mounts sensed none of their fellows anywhere nearby thus they continued on to address the King and let him know that Astoria was once more at his service.  They arrived in the city without incident.  The difficulty would come in acquiring an audience with the King.  The guards were even worse about letting complete strangers bother their ruler than they were about letting them roam about the palace.  They could send a message and wait years, or perhaps forever, and never receive a reply.  The King of Arca however had one habit that might prove useful.  One evening each week he would hold court and open it up to the common people that they might have their cases heard and have justice dispensed.  It so happened that tonight would be the very night for such an event.  They left their mounts outside the castle gates as none of the petitioners were allowed to bring horses into the courtyard lest it be overrun with the animals.  
The guards asked that they surrender their weapons but otherwise let them pass.  There seemed to be soldiers everywhere as they followed the long line of petitioners hoping to have their cases judged.  It appeared that the King would hear their pleas but did not trust his people overly much.  The court stood about arrogantly watching the peasants with great amusement and derision.  Perhaps the King went through the whole process simply to entertain the nobility?  When the last of the supplicants had arrived, the door banged shut behind them with an ominous clang.  The trumpets sounded and the King and his retinue entered with much pomp and ado.  The commoners bowed and the audience began.  Each was heard in the order they had come and once the King grew weary of such things they would all be dismissed, regardless if he had heard their pleas.  After several cases involving boundary lines, a runaway pig, an accidental breeding of a valuable cow by a renegade bull, and other such agrarian issues the King seemed bored and on the verge of dismissing them all.  The Herald proclaimed, “has no one an issue to bring before the King that does not involving errant livestock?”  
There was some murmuring from the crowd but it seemed all were intent on venting their stock-raising frustrations before his Majesty.  Clara stood forth and said, “I have a unique and curious situation.”  
The King glanced at the bold young woman and smiled, “young lady you have earned yourself an audience, if only for your audacity.  You intrigue me.  Continue.”  
She made her bow and said, “Sire, you may not believe what I tell you or even understand it at first, but believe me when I say that I am the Lady of Astoria and the Brethren are once again a force in the world.  You may call upon us at need.”  
She was quite correct, the King did not believe or even understand of what she was speaking.  He said, “are you quite well child?  You seem to think yourself some type of ruler.  What is this strange country of which you speak and who are these peculiar people you claim to lead?  And what form of aid have you to offer?  You look nothing more than a girl in a plain dress.  What gives you the right to stand before a King and make such a declaration?”  
She smiled broadly, “Majesty, I would not have believed it myself.  Not long ago I also knew nothing of such things but now I find myself at their very heart.  Long have the Brethren served the Master by sharing His Truth and Law, protecting the weak, advising Kings, and dispensing justice.”
The King laughed, “if these Brethren have been so influential in the past why have they passed out of living memory?” 
She said, “the troubles that have ravaged the world have not spared the Brethren.  Astoria herself lies in ruins and all but abandoned when once it was numbered among the great cities of the world.  The Brethren have dwindled and were scattered across the world.  Only recently was a new leader appointed by the Master Himself and sent out to gather His servants from the ends of the earth.”  
The King smiled in cold amusement, “and who is this divinely appointed leader?”  
Clara smiled, “she stands before you.”  
“A mere girl?” gasped the King, “This is either insanity or some bold trick.”  
She said, “it is neither Sire.  As hard as the truth may be to hear, it is all I can speak.  I am she and thus must it be.  Have you no advisors or scholars who can advise you on this matter?  Else it is just my word against your incredulity.”  
“Wisely spoken,” said the King.  He motioned and servants went to seek out those most skilled in lore and history.  When they presented themselves before him, the King said, “this young lady claims the title of Lady of Astoria and says the Brethren will rise again to advise me should I wish it, perhaps even if I do not.  What is this nonsense of which she speaks?”  
The men conversed quietly for a few moments and one rushed off in search of something.  The eldest of the group spoke, “Majesty, such things were known historically but in recent years have all but been forgotten.  It was thought that the last woman to claim that title perished in one of the epidemics that swept the world some fifty years ago.  I have it on good authority that the city of Astoria lies in ruins and no one yet dwells there save vermin and ghosts, if you believe such tales.  The Brethren were a peculiar sect that dedicated themselves to the service of the Master, or at least their conception of him.  After recent troubles, they were thought to be extinct.  They were renowned for their skill in battle, their ability to objectively dispense justice, and their wisdom concerning many things.  I wish greatly to know what became of the great libraries that Astoria was purported to possess?”
Clara said, “fear not, the knowledge gathered there over millennia yet remains.  The former Lady bid two of her servants to protect and preserve it with her dying breath.  The city itself is laid waste but not a word has faded in that great collection.”  The man seemed pleased.  
The King said, “you claim to have been appointed by the Master himself?”  
“I do not claim it,” said she, “I know it.”  
The King laughed, “you would do well to learn that this precious Master of yours in not currently considered with favor by most people.  Is it not he, if he exists at all, at whose feet we may lay the last three hundred years of war and plague?”  
Clara smiled grimly, “would you also tell Him how to arrange the stars and the best way to assemble a man?  Was it not He that wrought the world as we know it?  But it was not He that caused His perfect creation to fall into disrepute and evil.  Such is the harvest man chose to reap when first he sought that which he had no business seeking.  Yes there is evil in the world, but it is by our own choice that it has befallen us.  It is not what the Master intended for humanity, but He gave us a choice and He stands aside allowing us the freedom to choose.  It would be nothing for Him to take away all such choice but then we would be no different than the beasts.  Is it not also He that can bring good out of tragedy and life out of death?  Does not spring follow winter and birth through much agony?  Is it not proof enough that there is some hope and joy and love in the world that He is yet there for all those that would seek Him?  If not for Him, all the world would be covered in darkness, if there was a world at all.  And yet you would scoff at me when I would tell you what He intends?  It is not I that have chosen this pursuit but He that has chosen me.  I must abide by that decision as much as you.  I would be a fool to deny Him for the fear of the disapprobation of my own kind.”
All looked at the fierce young women that dared address the King so and all forgot her age.  The man who had been sent in search of a certain book quickly returned and showed his find to the King.  The King read quietly for a moment and then addressed the girl, “it seems my great grandfather was impressed half a century ago with some endeavor or advice of the Brethren, for in his journal he speaks highly of them.  That such a seeming child would dare to address me so and with such confidence in her own words amazes me.  I will take your words seriously and if ever the Brethren attain their former status, we shall discuss allowing one of them to advise me and perhaps others to frequent my realm.  If I am very impressed, I may even renew the support my forefathers once sent to Astoria.”  
Clara bowed politely, “that is all I can ask Majesty.  May the Master ride with you.”  
Without another word, the pair disappeared into the stunned crowd and then out into the night, leaving the audience and eventually the entire Kingdom to gossip amongst themselves about these strange tidings.  Word quickly spread via merchant and pigeon to other countries.  The Brethren had returned, though no one quite knew what that meant.


Chapter 4

 As they rode on towards Vespera, Brisbe said, “if you can continue in this manner soon there will not be a ruler that dares stand against you!  Even my own father might tremble at your words.”  
She laughed, “I cannot imagine what he would think to face the wrath of his former scullion.”  
Traveling with the Lady was certainly a strange adventure, but it was not as awkward as Brisbe had feared it might be.  She was growing very fond of the boy but wondered if it could ever evolve into the type of relationship he hoped for.  He began to wonder if he really longed for such a union after all.  Only time would tell.  As they neared Vespera, Wing happily apprised them that their comrade known as Ibis was not far off.  Clara looked nervous.  
“What is it Lady?” asked Brisbe.  
She said, “Ibis is one of those that formerly sat upon the Council of Six.”  
Brisbe laughed, “fear not, you have stood before Kings and ancient men.  If they can accept you, this man will do so also.”  
She visibly relaxed and even smiled, “you are right, but it is still hard facing those who have lived so much longer than me and have seen and done so much.”  
The boy laughed, “in two hundred years you will have done the same.  In fact, for being only sixteen you are a rather remarkable woman.”  
She blushed and they continued their journey in silence.  As the day began to fail, they rode up to a small inn on the edge of a miniscule village.  They left their mounts outside and entered the establishment in search of their colleague.  They found him telling tales in front of the roaring fire and the various patrons seemed lost in his words.  So as not to disturb him, they took a seat near the back and watched patiently for his reaction when he finally noticed them.  He talked for a good half hour before he stopped to quench his thirst from a mug upon the mantle.  As he wiped the excess moisture away with his sleeve, he idly scanned the room and nearly dropped the mug when he noticed the two young people seated far to the back.  His audience was intent upon another story so he was forced to continue, though it was obvious that something distracted him terribly.  The night wore on and he desperately wished to speak with his peculiar comrades but he could not abandon so rapt an audience.  Finally, his listeners started to grow weary and reluctantly returned to their homes or their rooms.  
Ibis made his way to the table at the back and took a seat beside the young man.  He nodded politely and said, “what strange news do you bring?  Is there again a Lady in Astoria?”  
Clara laughed, “there is a new Lady, but she does not currently reside in Astoria but sits before you.”  
The man gaped in awe and bowed deeply where he sat, “these are strange tidings indeed but gladly heard nonetheless.”  
Clara said, “we have come seeking all the Brethren that are yet alive in the world.  Are you able to ride after your fellows as we have done?  I cannot spend the rest of my life in such pursuits.  Go south and seek out your fellows.  Once you have sought out all those in the Southern Kingdoms, return to Astoria.”  
He bowed again, “it shall be as you say, though my heart weeps to see what is left of that once great city.”  
She smiled gently, “it shall know its former glory again though it be centuries in coming.”  
He smiled, “it warms my heart to know that we are no longer alone and adrift in the world.  The world needs desperately that which only we can give.  There is again hope in the darkness.”  
Clara said quietly, “there has always been hope.  We have just forgotten how to seek it.”
“Who of the Council still remains?” asked she.  
Ibis shook his head glumly, “I have not seen or heard from any of them since the dying Lady sent us forth.”  
She nodded, “then we shall seek them out as we find them.  As shall you and all I send after you.  We shall make for the North Countries and the Northern Wilds after a brief visit with the King of Vespera.”  
Ibis laughed, “he will have quite a shock coming if he thinks a seeming girl can have nothing of import to say to him.”  
Brisbe laughed, “I think the King of Arca felt the same way.  Can you give us any insight into how to attain an audience with him?”  
Ibis laughed, “it would have been amusing to watch such a spectacle.  Vespera is a small country and the King is greatly curious about the wide world.  I think you should have no trouble in gaining an audience.”  They thanked him for his advice and sought a place to camp for the night.  All were off early the next morning, eager for the next leg of their adventure.  The capital was not far and soon they arrived and found themselves eagerly questioned by the guards.  Whereas in Dara the guards had been indifferent verging on hostile, the guards of Vespera seemed friendly and interested in anything that might intrigue their King.  
The captain of the group said, “what brings you to Vespera and why do you wish an audience with the King?”  
Clara smiled, “perhaps you have heard rumors of an audacious girl in Arca who dares claim a title long forgotten and rules a city fallen to dust?”  
The guard laughed, “we have heard the rumors and the King would surely like to meet such a bold young lady.”  
Clara laughed, “I am she and I wish to lecture your King as I did the King of Arca.”  
The guard laughed, “you are a bold young woman indeed!  The King shall enjoy a good debate I think.  Wait here while I inquire after an audience.”  She waited patiently and soon enough they were granted an audience with the King.
“Well met,” said the King after they had given their courtesies, “ever since the rumors started flying I have longed to speak with such a feisty adversary.”  
Clara smiled at the man who was only a few years older than themselves, “Majesty, I would hope not to be numbered among your foes.  I am simply here to inform you that the Brethren will once again be more than mere memory and that we are at your service.  Of course it will take some little time to become what we once were, but someday I hope we shall shake the very foundations of the world as was our wont in previous days.”  
“Then you have all my best wishes,” said the King.  He gladly listened to all they had to say and hosted a feast in their honor that night.  In the morning, his guests seemed intent on leaving but he drew Clara aside and said, “you have more heart than any lady of my acquaintance.  Will you not consider staying?”  Clara laughed and Brisbe glowered.  
Clara said, “Majesty, you are not the first man to show an interest in me but trust me when I say that if I should ever wed it must be within the Brethren and the man who seeks my heart has already made his intentions known.  You will find a spirited Queen one day though it must not be me.  Farewell!”  The two galloped off into the rising morning and the King stared after in wonder and disappointment.  
As they rode north Brisbe asked, “how fares your heart?”  
Clara sighed, “I do not know.  I greatly respect you but I do not think we can be more than friends.”  
Brisbe smiled, “my own heart pleads the same though once I thought much differently.  I am yours to the death, my Lady.”  He bowed formally in his saddle.  She smiled warmly at him and they continued their journey towards their former home with hearts much at peace.

The Northern Kingdoms sat south of the Untamed Wilds, east of the Impassable Mountains, and north of the Plains of Tithbia.  To the east were nothing but a few scattered villages and unclaimed wilderness between the North Countries and Astoria.  It was through this country that Clara’s first ride had taken her.  They had encountered little danger upon the road thus far.  The eastern half of the world was relatively civilized but as one moved north and west things grew much more dangerous.  The unicorns were skilled at moving silently and unseen and also at sensing the presence of other people and horses along the road.  They avoided all contact with other travelers if they could.  Most probably had legitimate reasons for traveling along the same road, but Brisbe and the unicorns would not risk the Lady’s safety to find out, though she was not happy about such coddling.  
She said, “how am I ever to have an adventure if I am always shielded by everyone who claims to serve me?”  
Brisbe laughed, “it is your duty to remain alive and lead your people.  And you well know it!  Just as it is our duty to die in your stead if we must.”  
She sobered at this thought, ceased her complaining, and hoped it would not come to such a dire choice.  She was beginning to realize the gravity of the quest she had agreed to undertake and the deadly seriousness with which her servants attended to her safety.  Such flippancy on her part did them all a great disservice and she vowed never to so denigrate them again.  It was a long ride and they encountered only one more of their comrades along the way.  He was sent north into the Untamed Wilds to seek out those of the Brethren that yet fought the vile creatures and evil men that would otherwise come south and invade more civilized lands.  The Wilds were sparsely populated, even in better times, but now they were all but deserted.  This gave evil things a chance to push further south and it was all the dwindling Brethren could do to hold them back.
They rode first towards Ithalia, which might prove the worst of the rulers before whom they must stand.  Their comrades would cover the South of the world, the east was finished and only the North remained.  The three Northern Countries of Cantara, Ithalia, and Perth were their next destination and neither looked forward to returning home to Ithalia.  They hoped Cantara and Perth would prove no worse than Arca and perhaps as pleasant as Vespera.  The trees of the eastern forests eventually dwindled as they traveled through the eastern borderlands of the Plains of Tithbia.  The forests began again on the northern side of the plain but it was a mixed tangle of deciduous trees and conifers whereas in the east it was mainly hardwoods.  The terrain grew more rolling and the soil stonier.  They were entering the lands Brisbe knew well from his many forays after game or adventure.  They often discussed how best to approach his father.  
Clara said, “perhaps we should not even make your presence known?  I doubt anyone would equate me with the missing scullion.”  
Brisbe laughed, “I am here to see that you are safe and will not allow you out of my sight.  You will also wait a lifetime to see my father.  He wastes little time on obscure personalities.”  
Clara smiled, “if I must wait a lifetime then at least I shall outlive him.  Perhaps his next of kin will be more reasonable?”  
Brisbe laughed, “you stand a better chance with my father than with my eldest brother.  You will wait three lifetimes at this rate.”  
She sighed, “I guess you had best make your appearance and I will come behind you.  It may be best if you do most of the talking.”  Brisbe nodded but was not looking forward to the interview.
As they rode towards the castle they encountered a patrol.  The soldiers did not recognize the girl but they knew the young man immediately.  “Prince Brisbe!” said the patrol leader, “Your father will be anxious to see you.  You must accompany us immediately.”  
“Thank you,” said he, “we were on our way to speak with him in any case and would appreciate the escort.”  The patrol formed up around the pair and together they traveled quickly (by equine standards) towards the castle.  The unicorns could travel much more swiftly but they did not wish to arouse suspicion amongst their escort.  They wound their way through the busy city streets and were waved through the gates by the men on duty there.  They dismounted in the courtyard and their mounts were led away.  A servant was sent running with the news of the prince’s arrival and he returned saying that the King would see the Prince immediately.  The pair made to follow the servant but one of the guards laid a firm hand on Clara’s shoulder to keep her from going.  Brisbe’s sword was out in a moment.
The guard released his grip and said, “the King only asked for you my Prince.  The lady will be safe enough here with us.”  
Brisbe sheathed his blade and said, “she will accompany me.  It is for her alone that I have returned.  You will show her more respect than even you show me.”  Such was the sternness of his countenance and the firmness of his voice that all the guards and servants in the courtyard bowed deeply.  
Clara gave him an amused smile and said, “honestly Brisbe, you grow as prickly of my honor as the rest of them.”  The guards exchanged confused looks, wondering who the ‘rest of them’ were, but they let the pair follow the servant to the waiting King.
The King sat upon his throne and his courtiers attended him.  He was not sure whether to anticipate or dread this audience.  The servant said the boy came in company with a young woman.  The servant returned with the pair and all made the proper courtesies.  Apparently, they had not taken the hint that he would see the boy alone.  He had feared that the boy had returned with the infamous scullion but the young lady at his side seemed as unlike a scullion as an eagle is unlike a canary.  She carried herself with confidence and there was wisdom in her eyes.  Perhaps he had found himself an acceptable bride after all?  He smiled in anticipation but wondered at their plain clothes.  Perhaps they had not had time to change after a long journey?  
They finally reached a polite distance from the throne, gave the proper courtesies, and the King said, “you have returned.”  
“Yes sire,” said the former prince.  
The King smiled, “I see you have brought with you a formidable young lady.  Whatever came of that scullion you went chasing after?”  
Brisbe smiled, “it is she that stands before you and the reason I have returned.”  
The King looked at the girl in amazement and amusement sparkled in the girl’s eyes.  The King laughed, “this must be a joke!  This cannot be the same girl that toiled in our kitchens?”  
She said, “I am she my lord, though you may not recognize me as such without the grime and the sweat.”  
“You certainly have no fear of royalty,” said the King acerbically.  He addressed his son, “if you still intend to wed this creature or already have, my dictate stands.”  
The boy smiled, “I have conquered such passions Sire, and the Lady herself does not return them.”  
The King looked confused, “then why bring this girl before me in the first place?”  
Brisbe laughed, “it was she that brought me before you.”
Truly confused, the King said, “I do not understand?  How can a servant command a Prince, if not for love?”  
The boy said, “because now I am in her service.  I no longer claim any rank, title, or privilege.  All such things have passed away and my life is in her hands and at her command.”  
The court gasped at such strange words and the King said, “what nonsense is this?  You had best explain things ere I have you both escorted from my presence.  Perhaps a stay in the dungeons would loosen your tongues?”  
Clara stepped forward and said, “I am the reason for your son’s return.  He accompanies me as my guard and comes before you as nothing more.  He speaks truly when he says he has forsaken all titles and privileges of rank.  He has found a greater purpose in life than to be tenth in line for the throne.  He has joined the ranks of the Brethren and I am his rightful leader.”  The court broke into laughter at such curious thoughts.  
The King was flabbergasted, “who are the Brethren and how did you come to lead them?”  
The girl said, “perhaps you remember Valgo?”  
The King nodded, “he has been in Ithalia for as long as anyone can remember and I kept him around because his counsel was invaluable.  What has he to do with any of this?”  
Clara said, “he was the only person in this entire country who took any notice of me.  It was he that taught me to read and showed me a little kindness.  When you and yours would send me out alone into the world it was he that leant me his horse that I might not die along the way.  The creature carried me halfway across the world to a ruined city and that is where all of this began.  Valgo was three hundred years old when he died.”  
There were gasps and some snickers among the crowd.  The King asked, “how is this possible?”  
Clara said, “Valgo was one of a dwindling group known as the Brethren.  They were devastated by the wars and plagues of the last three hundred years as much as anyone else.  Their city lies in ruins and their last leader died almost fifty years ago and has not been replaced.  Until now.  I have been set the task of gathering the scattered Brethren from all corners of the world and reestablishing the nearly extinct group.  I am also applying to every ruler and nation, informing them that we are at their service once more.”  
“What does this have to do with my son?” asked the King, “And exactly what sort of services do these Brethren of yours offer?”  
Clara said, “your son is the first to take the Oath in over half a century.  He has sworn himself in service to the Master and the Brethren.  He came to Astoria in search of me but found something far greater.  It has been the duty of the Brethren to speak the Truth, execute justice, and fight evil since the very beginning of the world.  For a time we dwindled but the time has come for us to resume our ancient duties.”  
“You cannot have my son,” said the King incredulously, “I will not allow him to be taken in by such charlatans.  Perhaps there was such a group in the past but their function and memory are nothing more than dust.  His mind is muddled with thoughts of love and you have deceived him into thinking this his proper duty.  His duty is to serve his people and await his chance to assume the throne.”  
The boy laughed, “I will never sit upon the throne Sire.  And how do I serve the people by attending court functions and spending most of my days hunting?  I can do far more good in Astoria than I ever could here.”
The King laughed him to scorn, “such noble talk of abandoning your titles but the day will dawn when you will come crawling back to me and beg for such honors as you once took for granted.  You are content to be the foot soldier of a kitchen maid when once you were a Prince of Ithalia?”  
Brisbe bowed, “I am Sire.  This is what I was born to do and there is far more honor in this than in anything I have yet attempted.  My decision stands.”  
The King looked to the girl, “and what is it you demand of me as you have already stolen my son?”  
Clara said regally, “I demand nothing of you, Sire.  I simply wished to inform you of happenings in the east and that should you need us, we are there.”  
The King looked surprised, “you do not bargain with me or beg for some right or privilege that I have thus denied you?”  
Clara laughed, “that is not our way.  We are in service to others, we do not demand payment or honor for such things.  I thank you for your time and we shall trouble you no longer.”  She gave the parting courtesies, turned on her heel, and walked from the room, Brisbe followed at her shoulder.  The King and all his court stared in amazed silence as the pair left.  The audience had not been anything like what he had anticipated.  He motioned for a servant to catch them before they left.  He still had much he wished to know, most of all if they had somehow corrupted or brainwashed his son.  The servant caught them as they entered the courtyard to claim their mounts.  
He said, “my Lady, the King wishes a private word with both of you.”  
The Lady glanced at the former prince and he nodded his agreement.  She said, “very well, we shall linger a little longer.”  They followed the servant to a small audience chamber to await the King.
He was not long in coming.  After he had dismissed the court he sought out his erring son.  They bowed politely as the King entered the chamber and took a seat.  He said, “I still do not understand what sort of a cult or faction you have found yourself duped into but I will not claim you as my son while you are under such a deception.”  
Brisbe said, “I am no dupe father.  One cannot take the Oath unless one clearly knows what you are getting yourself into.  I chose this of my own free will.  It would sadden me to lose your support but it would pain me even more to forsake my Oath.”  
The King smiled in wan relief, “you are either very deceived or a more honorable man than I have ever given you credit for.  Do as you feel you must.  I cannot promise ever to restore your rank and title but I shall always call you my son.”  
The boy shook his head, “Sir, I make no claims to such things any longer.  I have found my place and it is more dear to me than ever my titles were.”  
The King sighed, “you will at least stay the night?”  
Clara nodded, “we would gladly accept your invitation.”  
The King scowled at the girl, “I did not ask you.”  
Brisbe stood and said, “I am at her service.  If she leaves I must follow.”  
The King rolled his eyes, “very well the invitation is extended to her as well.  Come, they are preparing the meal as we speak.”
They followed the King from the chamber and towards the dining hall.  Strange rumors were already circulating amongst the nobility and servants about the scullion who carried herself as a Queen.  The evening meal was awkward for many but Clara seemed to handle everything very well.  Her former colleagues could hardly recognize her but there was something in her manner or her eyes that they vaguely remembered.  To tell the truth, they had not really paid her much heed until now.  They eyed her suspiciously wondering what sort of trick she was playing when she smiled and thanked them graciously for their efforts.  It was all very disturbing.  In the morning, the King himself was there to bid them adieu and they rode off into the waxing day.  For a long time after the story of the scullion who became a princess circulated amongst the people and eventually found its way into local legend, giving hope to even the lowliest peasant that one day too they might find greater purpose and meaning.


Chapter 5

They finished their tour of the North Countries and the final leg of their journey took them into the Untamed Wilds of the North.  The Queen of Cantara had received them joyfully while the King of Perth had seemed indifferent but at least listened patiently.  They found another of their colleagues on the northern borders of Perth who was busy keeping bandits and the strange creatures that occasionally strayed out of the north at bay.  He greeted them joyfully but begged leave to continue in his mission.  The Lady granted his request and promised to send word eventually.  Their path would take them north into the Wilds and then east until they reached Astoria once more.  This was the part of their journey that Brisbe dreaded the most.  Two travelers alone in the Wilds might prove tempting prey for bandits or other unsavory characters, but they must contact their comrades and Clara was determined to see this through.  
“Lady,” said Brisbe one day as they rode along, “is it not best if you go home and allow me to risk the Wilds?”  
Clara laughed, “one alone is even more tempting than two.  I will allow no such thing.  We will do this together.  Besides, it may be my last adventure ere we return and they lock me away within the city for safety’s sake.”  
He nodded glumly, it did not seem fair that so fierce a young woman should be barred her freedom but such was the necessity of her position.  However, he said no more of sending her home and continuing alone.  They often forgot that they were not two but four and that the unicorns were formidable allies in the strange lands through which they rode.  The unicorns could mask their scent at will, especially around mortal horses.  The simple beasts would panic simply upon smelling a unicorn.  However, the scent of a unicorn was also a very good deterrent for keeping unwanted creatures away from your campsite of an evening.  They saw shadows in the woods around their fire but nothing dared enter the ring of light.  Human predators were not so easy to keep away however.
The Wilds were home to all sorts of unsavory characters, fortune hunters, and those of a very intrepid or independent spirit.  It was here that outlaws fled hoping to escape justice and where people desperate for freedom came daring the dangers in hopes of a better life.  Sometimes the price for safety was tyranny but there were those unwilling to live under such constraints and it was here that they fled.  But between the outlaws and the evil creatures known to roam these lands it was a dangerous life, but some thought it worth the risk.  It was the duty of the few remaining Brethren to fight back the evil things and to bring the outlaws to justice.  The Wilds were even more dangerous of late, simply because there were so few of the Brethren around to keep things in check.
There were no rulers here to inform of their renewed presence but Wing could sense several of his attached fellows in the area.  They were drawing close to one of them when the unicorns sensed the presence of several horses in the area.  A large group of mounted men approached and in this part of the world, that could only be a very bad thing.  They disappeared off the trail into the surrounding woods hoping their presence would go unnoticed.  They were sorely disappointed, for they had not anticipated that a scout for the group would be waiting for them in the woods.  He called out to his fellows and very soon they were surrounded.  Most had swords out while several of the men held bows at the ready.  They could try fighting and die in glorious battle or they could surrender and hope for a chance at escape.  The unicorns wanted to fight but their masters reined them in and asked that they bide their time.  Reluctantly they submitted.
“Hand over your weapons now,” said the ragged leader of the group, “you were quite lucky to stumble upon us I think.  Who knows what desperate outlaws or hungry monsters we have saved you from?”  
“Who exactly are you?” asked Clara, “And why do you bar our way?”  
The bandit smiled toothlessly and said, “why dear heart, we are simply a group of men trying to make our way in the world.  We will only take what is rightfully ours from those who travel the roads upon which we maintain the peace.  Consider it a toll as it were.”  
Clara laughed, “you are nothing but bandits with a way of rationalizing theft by twisting words and definitions.”  
The bandit leader smiled, “she is certainly a feisty one.”  
He looked to the boy, “you have certainly entangled yourself with a firebrand.  Perhaps we can help you in extricating yourself from said position?”  
Brisbe shook his head grimly, “I shall sell my life dearly to protect hers.”  
The bandit laughed, “we can help you with that too.  Come along, the day grows old and we need to find somewhere safe to spend the night.”  
Wing could feel his fellow unicorn not far off.  Clara wondered what strange things might happen this night.  She almost looked forward to what would happen, though she did not appreciate the company in which she currently found herself.  As they rode, the bandits argued amongst themselves about what to do with the prisoners.  Some wanted to kill them outright while others wanted to kill the boy and have a little fun with the woman.  Others thought that perhaps they should just rob them and let them go.  Those two were cowed into silence by enraged looks from their peers.  Finally, they came to a little hill with a stream flowing from a spring at its crown.  There was a natural wall around its base consisting of fallen, tumbled stones and a thorny hedge.  It was here that the men chose to camp.
The captives were sent to the very top and the bandits dispersed themselves about the tangled hedge at the base.  There was no chance they would sneak off in the night.  The unicorns were not happy to be manhandled by the bandits and made their frustration obvious.  The men backed away and made the captives unsaddle the beasts so that they might go through the saddlebags and look for anything of value.  They were very disappointed to find nothing but the necessities of travel in the luggage and very little coin in the prisoners’ belt pouches.  The men began to murmur amongst themselves about killing them immediately.  
The leader said, “come lads, we should have a bit of fun with them ere we kill them.  Let us spend the night thinking of how to bring this about and then afterwards we can have our way with them.”  This seemed to mollify the disappointed thieves and gave them something to occupy their minds until the morrow.  The horses were left at the top of the hill near the prisoners and a one-eyed guard was stationed there to keep the two from taking advantage of the situation.  In the darkness surrounding the hill, a great thrashing arose and the horses at the top whinnied in fear.  The men prepared to defend themselves against whatever might be lurking in the darkness while the single guard tried desperately to calm the frightened beasts but to no avail.  The horses reared and pulled at the ropes securing them to the saplings upon the crown of the hill.  They were mad with terror and one by one pulled loose, fleeing into the night.
A bowstring sang in the night and one of the thieves fell with an arrow in his chest.  The bow sang again and another bandit fell.  The others, realizing that they were silhouetted by the fire at their backs, quickly hunkered down to avoid the same fate.  And then pandemonium broke loose in the camp.  Wing and Brisbe’s mount broke loose and revealed their true forms.  Two other unicorns jumped the barrier and began to wreak havoc among the startled thieves.  Two cloaked men climbed through the hedge and began to fight the bandits not busy with the unicorns.  Brisbe and Clara found a place to hide and stayed there so they could not be used as hostages nor were they silly enough to enter such a fracas unarmed.  Soon enough the bandits were either slain or fled with the unicorns pursuing them into the night.  The two prisoners came out of hiding and faced their elder comrades.  
“I did not think to find such youngsters roaming about these vile lands alone,” said a red-haired man, apparently in his mid-forties.  
“Nor I,” laughed the other, “what strange business brings you here and how did you come to be numbered among us?”  
Clara said, “we came in search of you and any of your fellows that yet wander about alone.  The time has come for such things to end and the Brethren again to be a cohesive and united force.  I am the Lady of Astoria.”  Without a second thought, both men bowed deeply before her.  
“These are glad tidings indeed,” said the red-haired man.  
“We are happy to be of service my Lady,” said the other, “but I do not think it appropriate for you to wander about alone in such a place.” 
 Brisbe spoke up, “I agree.  Now that we have found one another I think it best if they go in search of our fellows and tell them the news.  We should return to Astoria.”  
The Lady sighed, “I should consider this a mutiny if I did not think you had the right of it.”  
The second fellow laughed, “she may be young but she certainly has the heart for it.”  
The others laughed and talked long into the night.  Jaran was sent to spread the word to his fellows abroad in the Wilds.  Nalin would accompany Brisbe in escorting the Lady back to Astoria.  Clara was not happy to be thus dismissed but she knew they were right and she had no right risking herself in duties that could easily be carried out by another.  Jaran headed north while the others angled south and east.  Thus ended the adventures of the Lady of Astoria in the wide world.  

The journey back to Astoria was uneventful and the Lady arrived in safety.  She was surprised to see how much had changed in her absence.  The great field surrounding the city had been cleared of brush and she could see men at work upon the walls.  She shared confused looks with her companions as they rode towards the great gaping hole that had once been the gates into the city.  The streets were cleared of debris and there were men patching roofs, painting walls, and mending doors and windows of the long abandoned houses and shops.  The three glanced around in wonder as they made their way towards the castle.  There was even a man posted as a guard upon the gate.  They reined in their mounts as the man asked their names and business.  
Clara laughed, “I would not have believed it had I not seen it and I still do not!  What miracle has transpired in my absence?  Please tell Skye and Mina that the Lady has returned.”  
The man looked stricken.  “Lady?!” said he, “Please forgive me not knowing you.  It shall not happen again.”  
Clara laughed, “and how should you know me my good man?  But please tell them I am come.”  He bowed deeply and ran off in search of those she had requested.  
They rode into the courtyard and saw yet more men busily working to repair fifty years of neglect.  She dismounted, and after untacking Wing, bid him farewell and sent him off to do whatever it is unicorns do in their free time.  As the unicorn walked off, Skye and Mina came running with the distraught guard behind them.  They bowed deeply and Clara could not help but laugh for joy at seeing her old friends.  She ran forward and hugged them both.  Nalin looked scandalized and her friends no less so.  Skye exchanged nods with Nalin and said wryly, “she has much yet to learn.”  The other man nodded in understanding but could not hide his own smile.
“Who are all these people?” asked the Lady in amazement.  
Mina smiled, “it seems your search for our comrades produced more than we could ever imagine.  Several of the Brethren have returned but so too have many people come in search of Astoria.  It seems many were impressed by you or the stories they heard told, and were intrigued enough to come to Astoria in search of the Brethren.  In former days we had many students and some eventually went on to take their Oath.  So shall it be again.  There are not enough of us to teach at present, so we can only offer a little in the way of learning, but to bide their time we have put them to work repairing the city.  Several countries have sent engineers, architects, stonemasons, and the like to help in rebuilding Astoria.  It seems you made a good impression to some of the various rulers.  But come, I must not leave you standing when you must be weary from your journey.”  
She ushered the three newcomers into the castle and into a small room off the library where they took some refreshment and were able to sit at ease.  Clara then told of her adventures to the amazement and enjoyment of all.  Skye said, “we have made great progress in repairing the city but it will be years yet before Astoria is restored to her previous grandeur.  It will also take time for the city to again be populated and the normal trades, crafts, and businesses to be restored.  Feeding such numbers without an active farming community will be difficult but we have begun planting a few late season crops and several countries have promised aid.  It is truly a miracle!”  
Clara smiled broadly at the changes that had begun in her absence.  She said, “shall I be allowed to help in the repairs?”  The others looked shocked at the thought.  The Lady sighed, “I spent the last ten years of my life slaving away in a kitchen.  A little work in helping repair the city will be nothing compared to that!”  
Mina shook her head, “it would not be proper.  You are the Lady of Astoria and must remember that.  You cannot go about and help like a common servant no matter how much you wish it.  There is a certain honor and respect due your position and you must abide by that as much as we.  Your adventuring days are over and you cannot pitch in with the rest of us and repair the city.”
Clara did not look pleased, “then I am just to sit here idle while the rest of you are busy with useful tasks?”  
Skye said, “you will have enough to do reorganizing and reestablishing the Brethren.  If that is not enough we can always put you to work teaching the newer students in the basic tenets of the Master and the Brethren.  I also think you will be entertaining visiting dignitaries in the near future.  You have caused quite a stir among the nations and very soon they will want to know what all the fuss is about.”  
Clara sighed, “I think I would rather haul rocks.”  The others laughed in amusement but knew she would do as she must.  She turned to Skye and asked, “do all of these people wish to join the Brethren?”  
Skye laughed and shook his head, “no, many of them are just curious or looking for an opportunity.  Astoria was once considered the place to go for people seeking wisdom or a brighter future.  Many had grandparents or great grandparents who spoke fondly or reverently of Astoria.  That combined with the stories generated by your little quest has caused quite a stir.  Astoria has always had a way of drawing the restless and the curious and those seeking something more.  Some will join us, others will establish themselves as tradesmen or farmers in the area, and others will learn what we have to teach them and then move on to another place or position.”  Clara spent the rest of the day recovering from her journey but her mind was ever busy trying to decide how to handle the many tasks that had awaited her return.
The following morning she began compiling a list of the Brethren they had found, their current whereabouts, and their missions; she added to the list as more of her servants returned.  She assigned various of the returned Brethren to teaching or to overseeing various aspects of reestablishing the city.  Others she sent out again on various missions or errands, but they had not yet the numbers to do all that was necessary so only the most vital tasks were attended to.  What little spare time she found was spent in the library continuing her education; she would be expected to know a great deal as the leader of the Brethren.  Brisbe was also busy improving his knowledge of all that he was expected to know.  Life continued in this vein for several weeks and each day a few more people wandered in, as did a constant trickle of food and supplies from various generous sources.  As the days passed, occasionally another of the Brethren would turn up as well.  
The Queen of Cantara had been scandalized to learn that the Lady had very little in the way of proper clothes so sent her personal seamstress and a wagonload of material.  Clara was at first appalled at the proposition but Mina and Brisbe quickly convinced her that she could not appear before Kings dressed as a pauper.  She soon allowed herself to be measured and the task of properly clothing her was begun.  She also held interviews with the newcomers to the city and asked what it was they sought and how the Brethren could serve them in turn.  She was surprised at the diversity of reasons people had for seeking out Astoria.  Several wished to join the ranks of the Brethren.  Others sought a new start in life and hoped to open a shop or start a farm in the future.  Others were opportunists seeing what advantage they could take of the resurging city.  Others wished to see what kind of an education once vaunted Astoria could provide in these later days.  Some came purely out of curiosity and did not currently know what they would decide upon in the future.  All however happily pitched in in making the city habitable once more.  All in all, it was a far cry from the dismal ruin she had encountered upon her first visit to Astoria.  She thought Valgo would be proud.  
Skye confronted her one day, “Lady, I think it time for a formal Oath-taking to be held.  There are many among the newcomers who are ready.”  
She nodded in agreement, “I have spoken with all so interested and I agree.  I have not gone forward because I was not sure upon the timing.”  
Skye laughed, “Lady, you are the ruler of this city.  If you think it is time, then it is time.”  
She smiled ruefully, “sometimes I forget myself.  Assemble those so interested and I shall speak with them this afternoon, and if they pass inspection they shall be allowed to take their Oaths tomorrow morning.”  
Skye bowed deeply and said, “it shall be as you say.”  
None of the Council of Six had yet appeared and she had taken Mina, Skye, and a few others on as her advisors in their absence.  She had also discovered something of a problem with the way the Brethren were currently dispersed among the four traditional sects.  She had many Teachers and Philosophers but only a few Warriors and no Messengers.  At this point in the resurgence of the Brethren, the Teachers and Philosophers were vital in their role as teachers and advisors, but the day would come when she would need the martial skill of the Warriors and the varied skillset of the Messengers.  
When questioned upon it, Skye had said, “there are never very many Messengers and as they tend to get the most dangerous missions they tend not to live very long.  They were all but extinct a century ago and I doubt any claiming that sect still live.  The Warriors also lead dangerous lives and thus their numbers have also atrophied but at least there were enough of them that a few yet survive.  Your choices are to convince some of the Teachers and Philosophers to change sects or to get enough recruits interested in such things to join our ranks.”
The Oath-taking was held according to tradition and twenty new apprentices joined the ranks of the Brethren.  The only difficulty was that they had not enough experienced Brethren to take on the apprentices as tradition dictated.  The older and more experienced of the apprentices had less to learn as far as basic knowledge, the use of a sword, and other such things.  The younger recruits had much more to learn and thus could be left unattached for a time as they learned what they must through classes.  Once the older or more experienced apprentices learned what they needed to be effective in their duties, it was decided on an individual basis whether they would need an apprenticeship or not.  A few were assigned to a mentor but surprisingly, many of them the Lady and her advisors thought qualified to begin their duties without such a learning period.  
The elder Brethren were greatly encouraged by the number of new recruits added to their ranks.  At most, the Lady thought there might be fifty of the elder Brethren scattered across the world.  Half of whom had reported in and were busy teaching students and laying the foundations for a bright future.  The rest were on some vital mission or were too old to make the journey.  The Lady wished to assign an advisor to each ruler but as yet, they lacked the numbers to do so effectively without leaving all their other tasks unattended to.  Skye was not wrong in his assertion that soon she would have to entertain foreign dignitaries.  A few weeks after her arrival and only a few days after the Oath-taking, half a dozen mounted men rode through the streets of Astoria.  The men glanced around them disdainfully and did not seem impressed.  The Lady saw them coming from a recently repaired upper room and quickly donned her regal best and sent word immediately to the guard that they were to be admitted and escorted directly to the Lady.
The Lady sat in the recently repaired audience chamber that had traditionally served to entertain such a small number of guests.  She watched with some amusement as the men were allowed into the courtyard and handed their horses over and then argued with the guards about whether they would be allowed to carry weapons into her presence.  Her smile faded as she recognized one of the emissaries berating Brisbe.  This could not be a good sign.  The King of Ithalia had dispatched his third son and a small contingent of trusted guards and advisors to visit the strange land of which the intrepid girl had spoken.  He had hoped to catch them off-guard and perhaps have his dignitaries visit the city ere their leader returned.  The men had not been impressed with their first viewing of the city though much progress had been made in the repair thereof.  Of course they had not seen it in its original state so had no means for comparison.  They had ridden up to the castle gates and were told by the guards that they would be seen immediately, so much for surprise.  The guards also asked politely that they disarm themselves before presenting themselves before the Lady.  
Prince Thyler saw his brother among those in the courtyard and immediately confronted the boy, saying, “what is the meaning of this?  We have ridden halfway across the world and it does you and yours a great honor by our mere presence.  Now you demand we remove our swords because they are not allowed in the presence of this puffed up kitchen girl?”  
Brisbe said stiffly, “none are allowed armed in the presence of the Lady save the Brethren.  You will remove your weapons or you will not be allowed to see her.  I would also suggest you refrain from speaking of the Lady so informally.  There are those that might take offense at such a slight.”  
Thyler glared at the boy in amazement, “whatever have they done to you?  You would never stand up to me in Ithalia.  What has changed?”  
Brisbe smiled wistfully, “I am no longer the boy you remember.  My loyalties lie elsewhere now.  Once I was a boy intimidated by my elder brother and potential heir to the throne.  I stand before you now a member of the Brethren and you have insulted my appointed leader.  There are those who are very prickly about her honor; you would be wise to mind your tongue.  Treat her with all due respect and it will go well with you.”
The man laughed, “now you threaten me?”  
Brisbe shook his head, “as long as you intend no harm you will be treated as is your due, but grow rude and you will be barred from seeing her.  The elder Brethren hold the Lady’s honor in very high regard and will not allow her to be so abused.”  
“A scullion?” said the Prince in amazement, “Whoever heard of defending the honor of a scullion?”  
Brisbe looked grim, “she was appointed to this post by the Master Himself.  He cares not what her history was.  He loves the scullion as much as the King.  You might do well to remember that.”  
The man shook his head but surrendered his weapon, realizing he would not see the Lady else.  It would be a long journey for naught so he complied.  After they were disarmed, Brisbe and another of the Brethren escorted them into the Lady’s presence.  The strangers made minimal bows but the Brethren bowed deeply.  The Lady seemed amused at the effrontery of her visitors.  Brisbe and his fellow took up posts on either side of the door.  The older man eyed the visitors warily; he could not abide men who refused to show proper respect to the Lady.  
“You are welcome to Astoria Prince Thyler,” said the Lady to her guests, “Pray tell what errand brings you hither?”  
The Prince stepped forward and said, “after your visit, my father was curious as to your tale and we were sent to seek the veracity of it.  You at least spoke truth when you said the city lies in ruins.  What have you done to corrupt my brother?  He shows not the proper respect due an heir to the throne.”  
The Lady laughed, “and you show not the proper respect due the Lady of Astoria yet I do not call you upon such ill-behavior.  I am sure your brother showed you all the respect that was your due, just not all the respect you felt your due.”  
“You see much,” said the Prince grudgingly, “perhaps I misjudged you?”  
She laughed, “I am sure you did but we shall forget past mistakes and move forward with what brings you into my presence?”  The Prince looked taken aback, the girl had somehow achieved the upper hand!
 The Prince said, “my father wants to be assured that there are no nefarious plots at work and that his son has not been tricked into cooperating with some foul scheme.”   
The Lady smiled, “feel free to wander about the city, sit in on our as yet limited classes, and speak with anyone you choose.  We have nothing to hide.”  
Still skeptical, the man said, “I thank you for your offer and we shall surely take advantage of it.”  He bowed a bit more deeply as he left the chamber as he and his men went in search of intrigue.  
Brisbe looked surprised at how well the Lady had handled things and the older man smiled proudly: there was truly a Lady in Astoria!  The elder of the two went to see to the comfort of their guests while the Lady summoned Brisbe to her.  The boy bowed deeply as he stood before her and she said, “I know this cannot be easy for you but neither can I keep you completely from your brother, else he will suspect some plot.  What are your feelings in this matter?”  
Brisbe smiled weakly and said, “it was strange confronting my father and compared to that this is but a slight irritation.  My duty now is to the Master and the Brethren, my family’s expectations and suspicions can be nothing to that.  You need not fear my feelings in this matter.”  
The Lady smiled, “I am glad to hear it, for I may be sending you home with them.”  
Brisbe wore an expression of shock and horror but quickly regained control of his emotions and bowed saying, “Lady?”  
She smiled in a knowing manner and said, “you have reached the point in your education where I think you are ready to try passing along what you have learned.  Not only the court of Ithalia, but everyone in the North Countries must hear our message.  I know you wish to become one of the Messengers but for now we all must act the part of the Teachers.  Our voices have been silent for far too long and our message must reach the ends of the earth.”  
He smiled and bowed once more, “I will go wherever you send me and do there whatever you ask.  As ever, my life is yours.”  She bowed her head in reply and he made his way out of her presence, still amazed at the intimidating woman she had become in so short a time.


Chapter 6

Brisbe found Prince Thyler and his entourage in the mostly repaired dining hall awaiting the evening meal.  There were no servants and no money to pay them thus everyone had to lend a hand with the cooking, cleaning, and all the other chores that went into keeping the castle running smoothly.  The Prince was not happy to find that he would be helping with the supper dishes.  Anyone who stayed for any length of time in Astoria was expected to pitch in, save perhaps a sitting monarch.  Prince Thyler thought his rights should be the same as those of any King but at least in this mad institution, he was sorely disappointed.  
Thyler grouched at his brother, “what kind of a country is this that guests of state are asked to help with the dishes?”  
Brisbe laughed, “it is a country that not many months ago was completely abandoned and has yet to regain its former glory.  You should be happy they do not ask you to go out and hunt your own meat!  Everyone needs to help if things are not to fall into chaos.”  
Thyler sneered, “your precious Lady is skilled in the kitchens and I do not see her hard at work.”  
Brisbe laughed, “if we would let her that is what she would be doing, but there are other duties to which she must attend.  She chafes at her captivity but such is her fate.”  
Thyler sighed, “and I suppose you and your fearsome warrior friends must also wash dishes?”  
Brisbe grinned, “not tonight, I helped at breakfast.”  
Thyler, finally starting to find the humor in the situation, managed a weak grin saying, “father is going to be rather disappointed with my report about this place.  He was almost hoping for some sort of revolution or rebellion.  But it seems you are simply a collection of maniacs trying to rebuild this hulking ruin.”
Brisbe smiled grimly, “but you have found a revolution, or perhaps a counter-revolution.  It has ever been the duty of the Brethren to turn the world on its head.  Man thinks and does one thing naturally, but our message tells him to do completely the opposite.  It is natural for evil and selfishness to multiply but ever is it our duty to bring it to light and fight it back into remission.  Once the world was perfect, but no more and thus we are trying to restore even the briefest hint of paradise.  We might not be an army, but our message is one to change the world.  For too long have the nations cowered in doubt and fear; it is time for them to again hear a message of hope.  It is time to come out of the shadows and live once more in the sun.”  
Thyler’s eyes were wide with wonder at the sudden fit that seemed to have taken his brother; the boy seemed to believe everything he was saying!  The prince smiled condescendingly, “and what is your part in this little effort to enlighten us all?”  
Brisbe smiled, “I fear the Lady is sending me back to the North Countries with you.”  
Thyler stared at his brother in dismay, “and what did I do to earn such tedium?  I have no need for a personal philosopher!”  
Brisbe laughed, “I shall merely accompany you, or perhaps I shall ride back alone.  I do not know.  It shall be as the Lady commands.  But fear not, I shall not terrorize you longer than the journey back, for there are many others in those lands that must here what only we can tell.”  Thyler could only shake his head in wonder.
Thyler stayed a few more days but found nothing of great interest and really wished to be free of his new career as a pot scrubber; he almost came to pity the scullions in his own kitchens back in Ithalia.  They left not long after and Brisbe rode with them.  The pace set by the horses would slow his journey significantly but the Lady seemed to think it important that he spend some quality time with his brother.  There was nothing better to encourage deep conversations with one’s companions than the tedium of travel, save perhaps prison.  Brisbe spoke much with his brother and their escort on the ride home.
He was at least able to convince his brother that he was not mad.  Some of the things he said started uneasy thoughts stirring in Thyler’s heart and mind, but he desperately tried to suppress such internal mutiny.  The ride was not over soon enough for such musings deeply unsettled the once unshakeable Prince Thyler.  For so simple a message it seemed to have the power to move mountains, if not nations, and even the human heart.  Perhaps there was a revolution coming after all.  The little party rode into the courtyard of the castle of Ithalia and servants came to fetch their reins and baggage.  
Thyler smiled sourly, “at last this is where our company parts.  At least for me it is a refreshing moment.”  He turned on his heel and fled into the castle.  Brisbe stared after, wondering what would come of his brother.
The servants and guards were rather surprised to see the former prince return with his brother.  Perhaps Prince Thyler had been able to convince the young renegade to come home?  One of the guards that had accompanied them, his duty finished, rode back to Astoria and the Truth that had snared his heart.  Brisbe watched the man ride off with a warm smile on his face only to be drawn back to the present by the presence of a servant awaiting his pleasure.  The man said, “the King your father will see you immediately.”  Brisbe nodded and followed the man to the King’s private audience chamber.  Prince Thyler exited the door as Brisbe entered, a vicious grin on his face.  The King was not sure whether to be pleased or dismayed that his son should return in such a fashion.  Brisbe entered and made his bows.  
The King said, “Thyler was most adamant that you had not returned out of duty to your family but because your precious Lady sent you thus?”  
Brisbe nodded, “yes Majesty it is as you say.  I have come to speak the Truth to you, Ithalia, and all the North Countries.”  
The King laughed coldly, “and what if I will not tolerate your hearsay in my city or even my country?”  
Brisbe said grimly, “the people must be reached and the Lady will not be content until I have done my best to accomplish that.  If you bar me from speaking, I will find a way to get my message to them.  What have you to fear from the Truth?”  
The King looked surprised at the boy’s dedication, “I cannot have half my Kingdom riding off to join these so-called Brethren!  It would be anarchy and I will not stand for it.”
Brisbe smiled, “a few may ride off to seek the Brethren but that is not the point of our message.  Men can still serve the Master by living quietly at home in peace with their neighbors and their lords.  Only a few are ever moved to take the Oath.  Fear not that your populace shall flee!  The Truth and the Law are actually of benefit to your rule.  By changing hearts we encourage much more honest and fair behavior, that men obey their lords and love their neighbors.  It encourages the peace and harmony of the country in which they dwell.”  
The King nodded in surprise, “I will give you a chance.  The experience seems to have done you some good so perhaps it will be as you say.  You may speak to the court this evening and then to the servants and guards on the morrow.  If I am impressed, I will allow you to continue as you wish.  Else I may bar you and all your comrades from again speaking such in my Kingdom.”  
Brisbe bowed politely and went to prepare for the evening’s audience.  The entire court gathered out of curiosity to hear the words of the former prince.  The entire affair had caused much scandal among the nobility and servants alike; they could not pass up a chance to see the perpetrator in action.  The boy thought he should be nervous standing before all his friends, family, and acquaintance but such was his confidence in the Master that their derisive grins meant nothing to him.  He thought he might as well start at the beginning and thus began his tale:

Long ago, when the world was young and men still walked in innocence, an ancient king made an alliance with the terrible god of war.  In exchange for the life of his maiden daughter, he would receive power to conquer all the kingdoms of men and have dominion over all mortal lives.  The night was dark with neither star nor moon giving light or hope to those who gathered upon the face of that forbidden hill to commence with their evil deed.  The king had gathered all of his generals and advisors to stand as witnesses.  The girl was brought forward and the hood removed from her head.  A single tear rolled down her cheek as she stared with pleading eyes into the cold and remorseless depths of her father’s eyes.  She saw neither love nor regret there, only a thirst for power beyond the reach of mortal ken.  He drew forth a cruel knife from a sheath of black leather.  Very soon the alliance would be sealed and no power on earth could withstand him.  He approached the girl with a cruel and mirthless smile and raised the blade to strike.
He was thrown back from the girl and blinded by a cold light, and all standing around the pair fell to the ground in fear.  Like a bolt of lightning, a bright and terrible figure stood between the man and his prey.  The king regained his footing with a sneer and a triumphant laugh.  “You have no authority here,” he scoffed, “be gone before I become violent.”  
The light receded slightly and those standing about could make out a vaguely equine shape amidst the glow.  The figure reared up on its hind legs and pawed the air.  He appeared in the form of a horse but with the awe reserved for a charging bull or roaring lion.  Then he spoke, “you must not do this terrible thing.  You will forever tear apart the laws that bind the world together.”  
“I will do as I please,” scowled the king, “and there is nothing you can do to stop me.”  
“If you are set upon this course I cannot stop you by force, but perhaps I can offer you an exchange,” said the figure.  
“What can you possibly offer me,” growled the king with the light of avarice in his eyes.
“The foul demon with whom you are dealing demands innocent blood for your vile contract, so be it!  Take mine instead of the girl’s,” said the mysterious figure.  
“Yours!” gasped the king, “but of what advantage is that to you?”  
“To ransom the life of this dear child shall be gain enough,” said the figure.  
“Very well,” said the king.  “I have a feeling my master will be quite pleased with the exchange.  What is one small child when the blood of his enemy is laid at his feet?  What are your terms?”  
“Give me one hour to bear this child to safety, then I will return hither and you may do as we have agreed,” said the figure.  
“How do I know you will not steal the child and disappear?” asked the king.  
“You know very well I do not lie,” roared the figure.  He swept the child onto his back and as the light disappeared over the rim of the hill called back, “in one hour I shall return.”

For a time the girl clung silently to the back of her rescuer but as the horror of what she had so nearly escaped sunk in she began to sob uncontrollably.  “Do not weep little one,” said the figure, “you are safe and all will be well.”  
“How can you say that?” sobbed the girl, “evil is about to be unleashed upon the earth and no one will be able to stop it.”  
“I can,” said he softly.  A sense of immense peace fell upon the girl and dried her tears.  Shortly, they approached a small cottage by the edge of a little stream that chattered invisibly in the night.  A woman emerged from the door and wrapped a blanket around the quivering form of the girl.  She bowed once to the retreating figure and took the child into the house.  The girl fell into bed and knew no more that night.  The woman stared into the darkness, tears streaming down her cheeks.  Within the hour agreed upon, the figure returned to that forsaken hilltop.  His light was dimmed to the slight flickering of a dying candle.  He stood before the men with a drooping head but a righteous fire blazed in his eyes.  The king laughed him to scorn, drew his blade, and approached the apparently cowed creature.  Steel flickered in the light as the blade struck home.  The light dimmed and went out.  As if from a vast distance, a great wailing cry rent the night, as if the earth itself had been mortally wounded by the blow.  A wind came howling out of the west and clouds blotted out the sky.  Darkness engulfed the world, lightning flashed in the heavens, and thunder rolled as if all creation reared up in fury at the atrocity that had occurred.  The hill itself began to roll like a wave on the sea and split in two.  The men were thrown from their feet and retreated in confusion and fear from the horror before them.  Their horses reared and snorted, broke loose, and disappeared into the storm.  
“What have you done!” roared one general over the wind.  “
I have loosed the wrath of the heavens,” screamed the king.  A panic spread among them and all fled into the darkness.

The next morning, the girl rode up the accursed hill hoping to find some trace of her rescuer.  She found the vile blade broken in two, but no sign of the mysterious glowing figure.  She dismounted and peered with dismay into the gaping chasm that had once been the heart of the hill.  “What is it you seek?” asked a voice behind her.  
With a shriek of pure joy she flung her arms around the figure that now stood at her shoulder, glowing like the sun.  “You are alive!” she said.  
“Yes,” said he simply.  
“But what of last night?” asked she, “I was sure you had been slain.  What of that horrible shriek and the dreadful darkness?”  
“My life cannot be taken against my will.  Before anything ever was and after all has passed into nothing, I was and ever will be.  I laid down my life not only for you, but for all things that would have been utterly destroyed by the acts of last night.  Your blood would have strengthened that foul demon beyond anything he has yet achieved.  My blood offered willing in exchange for another’s broke his power.  What began in selfishness and evil, ended in selflessness and love, which alone has power to conquer the darkness.  He has been vanquished but not destroyed.  He still lurks in the world, full of malice and hate and ready to assist any who give themselves over to a lust for power and destruction.  Until last night, mankind had lived in peace and harmony with one another and with all creation, but that peace has been shattered.  Man has shown himself vulnerable to evil, willing to place himself above all else, even his own children.  It is no longer safe to assume that all men are good in and of themselves.  Each individual must hereafter make a decision to follow what is right and good, or to follow his own selfish path into evil and darkness.  From the dawn of mankind, it was given into your hands to decide whether to pursue goodness or darkness.  A member of your race has chosen the ultimate evil and with his fall, all are now required to make a decision that once came naturally to all.” 
The girl fell sobbing at his feet, feeling in herself the dreadful truth she had just heard spoken.  It was as if something inside her had been torn or ripped away and she was left with a gaping hole, much like the defiled face of the hill.  Looking up into his eyes, she said, “I have lost something within myself.  I am no longer whole.  I have a longing, a desire for something.  Something, though I know not what.  Something greater than myself.”  
“Yes,” said he, “your whole race now shares that same longing.  And with what you fill that hole will determine the course of your life, and the lives of all those around you, from now and ever onwards.  Choose carefully.”  
“Can I choose you?” she asked hesitantly.  
A smile crept over his face and the whole hillside seemed to laugh with joy.  “Of course,” he said.  “After last night, the world is hurting and needs to be told these things which you have just heard.  I need someone to go forth and tell them.  Bring your horse forward.”  
The girl ran over to the horse which had strayed and was happily nibbling at weeds upon the far side of the hill.  She led the beast towards the figure.  The stallion pulled back against the reins and nearly reared, trying to avoid the glowing figure before him.  “Do not be afraid my simple beast,” said the figure, “from now and ever onwards, you and your descendants will no longer be considered simple.”  The figure turned his side towards the girl and for the first time she saw the gaping wound in his side.  From it dribbled a steady stream of silver blood.  She gasped in horror and drew back.  “Do not be afraid,” he said, “this is the price of last night’s adventure.  Though much was lost, much good also came of it.  Take a drop of my blood on your finger and place it on the horse’s tongue.”  Hesitantly the girl complied.  Almost reverently she poked a finger into the sliver stream and placed a drop of the precious fluid into the horse’s mouth.  
An indignant snort was followed by a blinding flash.  She no longer held a horse by the reins but a unicorn.  The sorrel coat had become white as the snow; wisdom and fire were in his once placid and simple eyes.  Cloven hooves of silver had replaced his single hooves of grey.  A silver horn protruded proudly from his forehead.  He shook his head in disgust a few times and looked with dismay at the girl and the glowing figure.  
“Remove his bit,” laughed the figure.  The girl complied and the unicorn seemed much happier.  “Now it is your turn,” said he.  The girl looked with shock and disgust at the gaping hole in the figure’s side and turned pleading eyes to his.  “If you really wish to serve me, you must taste of my blood,” he said, “by doing so you are binding yourself to me and my purposes.  You will gain much in wisdom and abilities but in doing so you are also swearing to serve me, even with the forfeit of your life be it necessary.  Do you wish to proceed?”  
She nodded and did as she was bidden.  She seemed to grow taller and a thirst for knowledge grew within her.  A deeper understanding of things once hidden to mortal mind blossomed in her heart.  She had changed as much as the horse.  
“Now,” said the figure,” I will tell you of things long hidden to the race of men, things vital to your quest.  The demon of war, to whom your father nearly sacrificed you, was once my greatest servant.  But he desired things beyond his grasp and made an attempt to supplant me as The Master of All.  He was banished from my presence and ever since has made war upon all that is good and wonderful.  He has claimed lordship over all creation and still yearns for the power he cannot have.  Until last night, he had made little progress in his war against me, but last night there came a breaking.  Men, who had once lived in peace, have heeded his call and some have broken away from me seeking the power promised by their new master.  Now all must decide whether to follow him or me.  None can sit this out.  By stepping aside, they are simply declaring themselves for him, if only by doing nothing.  This is war a war that has raged since before the world began, there can be no civilians.  He will devour everything if all stand aside and let him.  I will only do so much.  I am Master of all things, but I have given all sapient creatures a choice, and upon that freedom I will not trespass.  They must choose what is right or what is evil.  I will not infringe upon their decisions for good or ill.  If they choose the right, I can assist them, but if they choose the evil I can only stand aside and weep for their ill choices and dire fate.  That is why I could not interfere directly in the affairs of last night.   It is up to you, and those like you: my servants, to pursue evil in whatever form or guise it takes and do what you must to defeat it and to defend the innocent.  You must spread word of this through all lands and to all peoples.  It will not be easy and there will be great heartache along the way but you will never be alone; it must be done or evil will consume the world and all within it.  Last night a deadly blow was dealt to my enemy, but he is still lurking about and still very powerful.  In the end, he will be completely vanquished but until that final day, you are all that stands between the world and devastation.  A rent has been created in the hearts of men.  They will yearn for me and try to fill the gap with all sorts of vain things.  You must tell them the truth of what you have seen.  Last night, the innocence of man was lost, but by my blood it can be healed.”
The girl had been held spellbound by the tale.  The light around the figure dimmed a little, just enough so that she could make out his full form.  She had glimpsed a horse-like figure last night and this morning, but now saw him fully, as if a fog had lifted.  He was similar to the unicorn standing at her shoulder, but taller and more terrible; his horn and hooves were of gold and he glowed with the very light of the sun. 
“Your faithful steed will be the father of the race of mortal unicorns and you shall be the first among a great and future throng of my servants.  I will hereafter withdraw from wandering abroad in the world but I will be found by those who seek me.  Go forth and teach what you have been taught, fight evil, and protect the innocent.”  With that he seemed to glow brighter and as the sun topped the head of the hill, vanished into the blinding rays.

For a moment the tale held the court spellbound but then laughter wracked the hall.  How could the boy give up everything for such obvious nonsense?  He tried to speak again but no one could contain their mirth long enough to listen.  Finally, Brisbe did the only thing he could and bowed silently to the riotous audience and sought his chambers.  Prince Thyler looked on with an evil grin on his face.  He had enjoyed his brother’s humiliation and other pleasant thoughts were starting to percolate through his mind.  
The next morning Brisbe was summoned to his father.  The old man was still in the thralls of amusement and said, “if I had known your lot was this entertaining, I would have had one of you for court jester long ago.  Are we not beyond such fables?  Can you not see the hopelessness of your own cause?  I wish not to see my own son embarrassed so, but if you persist in this nonsense we will humor you, if only for the joy of laughing at you.  What are your current plans?”  
Brisbe did not look at all dismayed by his recent reception and said, “I shall remain a little longer and see if I cannot convey some wisdom to the court, even in the face of such joy.  Failing that I shall travel throughout your Kingdom and the other North Countries and speak with the commonfolk.”  
The king laughed quietly and said, “then any humiliation that comes is of your own making.  I pray one day you find the sense you seem to have all too easily abandoned.”  Brisbe made the appropriate courtesies and withdrew from the King’s presence.
He stayed at the castle for several days but none among the nobility would hear him and though some of the servants were curious, they dared not make their interest known with the current feelings of the nobility on the matter.  Thus it was that Brisbe withdrew from the castle and traveled about Ithalia speaking to the commonfolk.  Unlike the nobility, the commoners gladly heard his words and welcomed a message of hope in their otherwise dark lives.  Several of the more adventurous among them even set out in search of vaunted Astoria.  Brisbe made his way to Cantara, where he was joyfully received by the Queen and her Court as well as by the commonfolk.  The nobility of Perth listened patiently but did not seem very interested in what Brisbe had to say but the commoners were happy to listen.  Finally, Brisbe’s travels brought him back to his former home and he again faced his father.  Prince Thyler was strangely absent, as were several of the younger princes and lesser sons of the nobles.  
The King said to his long absent son, “the commonfolk seem enthralled by your tales but they have never been considered men of great thought.  You waste your time if you think to address the court again.  I hear Cantara eagerly heard your words but Perth was not so obliging.  What will you do now?”  
Brisbe said, “I shall make one more circuit of the North Countries and then I will ride to Astoria and make my report to the Lady.”  
The king sighed, “it will be as it must then but I think your brothers have made a better use of their time than you.  Perhaps you would be wise to join them in their endeavors?”
Brisbe frowned in confusion, “of what do you speak?”  
The King smiled proudly, “not long after you parted from us, Prince Thyler and two of your elder brothers rode for Astoria to take advantage of your ‘vaunted’ educational opportunities.  They wished to learn if that strange city had any knowledge that might avail them.  They spent six months learning what they could and then sent word to me that they were taking a tour of the Eastern Realms and Southern Kingdoms seeking likeminded youth among the nobility.”  
“And what exactly are these likeminded youths aspiring to achieve?” asked Brisbe.  
The King smiled eagerly, “why, they have decided to found their own organization to which I am giving my full support.  They wish to offer the younger sons of the nobility a place and purpose in life rather than waiting at home for someone to die that they might inherit a title.  Your disdain for your own rank inspired them to seek something greater for their lives than abandoning their titles and living in ignominy.  They wish to start an independent military organization that will help maintain peace and justice throughout all civilized, and not so civilized, lands.  They are calling it the Order of the Unicorn.  Rather clever, is it not?”  
Brisbe found nothing humorous in the thought and wondered what fruit this strange idea might bear.  He could think of no one less qualified to lead such a group than Prince Thyler, at least if one hoped for a group that really cared about true peace and justice.  Brisbe said, “and who will these so-called knights answer to?”  
The King laughed, “why must they answer to anyone?  You and your precious Brethren answer to no one.”
Brisbe was grim, “we answer to the Lady, and more importantly to the Master.  I am afraid this Order of yours will answer only to themselves and with Thyler at their head, they will certainly not seek the best interests of the commonfolk.  An army that is responsible to no one is nothing but a legitimized band of brigands.”  
The King was rather proud of his intrepid third son and was not pleased to hear Brisbe’s thoughts on the matter.  He curtly dismissed his son and attended to other matters.  Brisbe sent a pigeon to the Lady and left the castle to resume his journeys throughout the North Countries.  The pigeon soon reached Astoria and the Lady was intrigued to learn of this strange new development.  The advisors she did have in various countries soon received word to keep an eye out for these intrepid young men and several sent word back that they had indeed seen the boys in question and sent what news they could.  For now, they seemed nothing more than an idealistic band of young nobles, but who knew what they might become with time and aid from generous patrons?  The Ithalians in question had attended classes in Astoria for a few months and learned just enough to think themselves well-educated.  They had attained the perfect amount of knowledge to breed arrogance yet were still ignorant of many things.


Chapter 7

Jaran was promptly dispatched to the Southern Kingdoms to track down these aspiring knights and to discover what was to come of this Order of the Unicorn.  Jaran traveled south as quickly as he could and soon heard rumors of his quarry.  Such a band as theirs could not and most probably would not travel in secret.  As sons of the aristocracy, they would be used to a certain amount of luxury and would do what they could to attain it, even in the wilderness.  The group had made a tour of the East and was now traveling throughout the South, hoping to gain followers and the support of the various rulers.  With the resurgence of the Brethren, it seemed the various rulers were eager to find a viable alternative just in case the Brethren failed to meet their expectations or expected more than their due.
Perhaps this Order enterprise could be influenced to act in favor of those who supported it from the first?  The various rulers did not quite trust the Brethren to act with partiality towards their benefactors, thus what was the benefit of succoring them if not to gain sympathy?  Jaran found the would-be knights in Garn.  They were the guests of the Queen and were to hold a public extravaganza the following day.  They preferred to gather their followers from amongst the obviously superior folk within the nobility but such a force as they wished to create could not be supplied from the aristocracy alone.  At least the leaders of such a group should be of noble blood but the common soldiers could be of peasant stock if they had to be.
Each individual ruler had at least accommodated the growing group, if only to spare the Order’s antipathy in future should it ever amount to anything.  Some openly welcomed them, hoping to gain influence and favor within the quickening group.  The younger sons of the nobles eagerly flocked to their banner as it offered something more interesting to do than spend the rest of your life waiting in hopes that your elder brother might die in your lifetime.  If it worked as planned it would offer a chance at riches, power, and glory often denied the younger children of the aristocracy.  The morrow’s event had drawn many people from the surrounding farms and villages, either out of curiosity or eager for a chance at a seemingly better life.  
Jaran joined the thronging masses and wondered what the following day might bring.  He spent the night searching the inns in the capital city, trying to find any of the would-be knights that might be out enjoying an evening on the town, but it seemed the Queen was entertaining all such esteemed personages personally.  After his failed search, Jaran sought his bed and woke early to find a good place to witness the day’s events.  He was not the only one with such a notion and even though the sun was not yet risen, he was forced to stand near the back.  Eventually the sun rose and even later the so-called knights did likewise.  After a leisurely breakfast, they donned their noble best and went to greet the gathered throng.  Jaran recognized the man that stood forth to speak to the eager crowds as Prince Thyler as he had glimpsed him once briefly during his stay in Astoria.  
Prince Thyler said, “greetings citizens of Garn.  It is with great joy that I address you this morning.  You perhaps have heard the rumors of the great endeavor we are about to attempt.  Nothing any less wondrous could have drawn you from your beds so early and in such numbers.  I am greatly encouraged by the turn out today; it speaks well of a glorious future for the Order of the Unicorn if it is held so dearly by the masses even in its nativity.  I hope one day to greet each and every one of you as a comrade in arms.  As yet we are laying the foundations of what I hope will one day be a great and mighty enterprise that will stretch from the Western Mountains to the Eastern Sea.  Our hope is to create a force that will promote peace, unity, and justice between all nations, peoples, and classes.  By joining us you are doing your part to ensure a glorious future for all sapient creatures throughout the world.  
You may perhaps have heard of the Brethren in recent days?  Do not be fooled by these pretenders, they seek nothing but their own ends and that is one thing we shall certainly never do.  We shall seek what is best for everyone, not ourselves alone.  As an emerging power, we have yet to lay the foundations of a city that will support us and serve as our home, thus we cannot feed and house all the brave souls that immediately wish to join us, but we will gladly accept your help in building our stronghold and the infrastructure necessary to support such an endeavor.  Once we are firmly established, we will happily welcome any and all who seek to join our illustrious ranks.  Today there shall be a number of entertainments, the crown of which shall be a little competition between any of you who wish to participate.  The winners will be offered the chance to join our ranks immediately but I hope the rest of you remember us, that when we are ready, you may also join us.”
The crowd was silent for a moment as they took in what had just been said.  They had hoped for an open invitation to join the Order rather than to have to compete for a spot.  Many of them went away disappointed, not having anticipated that the Order was still a very long way from being a functional operation capable of taking on such a number of eager volunteers, however enough remained that the proposed competition would be an interesting affair.  Others remained to partake of the complimentary food and drink offered to the bystanders.  Confirmed members of the Order circulated throughout the watching crowds and waiting competitors, talking of this or that and answering questions, hoping to keep alive some semblance of enthusiasm for their cause.
Jaran of course had to take part in the contest, if only to gain a foothold within the Order that he might continue to watch the renegade group.  The contest was a simple affair consisting mostly of swordplay and unarmed combat with a bout of archery to weed out a few of the lesser candidates.  The Order did not specify how many ‘winners’ they would allow to join them but they kept their eyes open and made an offer to any promising warriors.  Of the fifty individuals competing, five were chosen to join the Order, including Jaran.  Prince Thyler was quite pleased with the results of his little scheme and gladly welcomed their newest members.  He was willing to overlook their ignoble descent for such skill as they seemed to possess.  He said, “I welcome you into our fellowship my friends; may our enemies long rue this day!”
The newest recruits were sent off with a contingent of men and supplies headed for a forgotten ruin somewhere between the Eastern Realms, the Southern Kingdoms, Vespera, and Tithbia Plain.  Thyler and a few of his companions had come across the ruin during their adventures and decided the forgotten kingdom could once again be something worthy of remembrance.  If the Brethren could rebuild a ruin, why could the Order not do likewise?  The various countries and individual nobles sent what aid they deemed proper; those who had been coldest to the Brethren were most generous to the Order.  The journey was made in short order and soon Jaran and his new comrades came to the stark beginnings of what might someday be an intimidating structure.  There were a few independent villages and some farms in the area and more intrepid individuals moved in, hoping for a brighter future as word of the Order’s plans spread.  
It would be long however, before the Order was self-sustaining thus they would rely heavily upon the generosity of their patrons.  Only the very foundations of the great fortress were thus far laid and from the looks of it, they had great aspirations indeed.  It might take a century to build such a monumental structure but if they succeeded, perhaps no army on earth could breach the wall and take the fortress.  Jaran and the other newer recruits were quickly put into a training program and in their ‘free time,’ they were expected to help in building the monstrous structure.  The locals who were not involved in some ‘important’ occupation, such as farming, were put to work as well, being very nearly slaves. 
The old ruin provided plenty of stones with which to begin the building process and there were quarries not far off to provide the rest.  Jaran spent several months in Panmycea, as Prince Thyler was calling his little stronghold.  As time passed and the Knights of the Order began enforcing their version of justice, many convicted ‘criminals’ found themselves in the quarries mining stone under the watchful eye of the Order.  Jaran was aghast to learn that some of these criminals were guilty of such nefarious crimes as not showing proper respect due a Knight of the Order, being overly loud when drunk, and disturbing the peace via snoring too loudly at an inn.  It seemed the Order would use just about any excuse to ‘recruit’ people into their newfound mining enterprise.  Jaran was disgusted with the whole process and planned to ride to Astoria as soon as he could to seek the Lady’s counsel.  He was mulling over such thoughts as he rode patrol one day.  Suddenly his mount pulled up short and nearly unseated him.  The entire patrol had stopped and was waiting patiently for four men in the new uniform of the Order to meet them upon the road, between them rode a very unhappy looking Brisbe.  
The patrol leader saluted the leader of the foursome and asked, “and who is this unhappy fellow?”  
The other man laughed, saying, “this is none other than our beloved Prince’s misguided younger brother.  We were sent to Ithalia to capture the fool and bring him hither that he might learn sense.”  The patrol leader laughed and told off two of his men to ride escort with the other four.
Jaran found himself acting as an unlikely guard for one of his comrades.  Brisbe was shocked to see one of his colleagues in the uniform of the Order but hid his surprise quite well.  They quickly made their way back to the ruined city and reported immediately to Prince Thyler.  Thyler was delighted to have his troublesome brother finally in hand and dismissed all of his guards, save Jaran and his fellow patrolman.  The foursome made their way into a small cottage; the guards took up position on either side of the door and the glowering Brisbe was placed in a chair in the middle of the floor like an erring child, while Thyler paced back and forth before him like an injured parent.  Thyler said, “if you were anyone but my brother I would not have wasted such effort in capturing you, but as you are my kin and I cannot stand to be embarrassed by such a family member, I had to do something.  You have two options: you may repent of your foolish allegiance to the Brethren and join the Order else you can spend the rest of your miserable life quarrying stone.  Well?”  
Brisbe laughed grimly, “if this is how you treat family I cannot imagine how you treat everyone else!  I am quite content with my current allegiance though this is not the occupation I had imagined when I took my Oath!”  
Thyler glowered at his brother and then nodded grimly, “very well you have chosen your own fate.  You cannot say I did not offer you a chance.  Take him away.”
Jaran and the other guard silently escorted Brisbe from the room.  Brisbe wore a look of complete disbelief and sorrow, not quite able to fathom how heartless his brother truly was.  They walked silently along the cart path that led to the nearest of the quarries; Jaran was lost in thought, trying to determine just how to free Brisbe.  He was drawn from his contemplations by the ring of steel on steel as the other guard drew his sword and made to stab Jaran in the back.  
Brisbe’s hands were bound but he saw the imminent attack and did the only thing he could.  He lunged with his entire body at Jaran and pushed him away from the naked blade and said desperately, “no Becket!”  
Becket stayed his blade when he saw that he would be stabbing his younger brother instead of Jaran.  He looked rather confused and said, “what are you doing?  I am trying to save your miserable life and I cannot do that if I allow witnesses to live!  This is the only way to free you, besides I am doing the man a favor.  Do you have any idea what the penalty is for letting a prisoner escape?”  Jaran stood and drew his dagger.  Becket gasped as the man moved towards his brother but relaxed as Jaran cut the ropes that bound Brisbe’s hands.  Brisbe smiled gratefully at his friend as he rubbed life back into his wrists.  Becket looked on in confusion.
Jaran laughed, “you need not murder me!  You could simply ask if I wished to help free your brother and my answer would be an eager yes.”  
Becket said, “but why?  Most of the men in this outfit are heartless and power hungry wretches just like my brother!  I cannot believe what he just did to Brisbe; perhaps his ideals are a little misguided but that is no cause for such treatment!  I rode off with Thyler in high hopes but those hopes are now dead, as I see what a terrible thing he has quickened.”  
Brisbe smiled, “I am glad to see at least you have come to a change of heart.  This is Jaran and he is one of the Brethren.”  
Becket looked even more puzzled, “how can one of the Brethren be involved in this?”  
Jaran laughed, “I am here at the Lady’s behest to see what comes of this enterprise and I am greatly disappointed in what your brother has wrought.  As we are now all of us outlaws I suggest we find a safer place to discuss these things.”  
The others smiled sheepishly, having forgotten how precarious their situation was and plans were quickly made for their escape.  Becket made his way quickly back to the natal city and ran to the stable where the Order kept its horses.  The guard at the door was surprised to see him back so soon and said, “what is wrong?”  
Becket grumbled, “the prisoner stumbled and bent an ankle, I came back to fetch a wagon to transport him to the quarries.  He cannot walk but he should be fine in a few days.”  The guard nodded and let the man pass.  He hitched up his horse and the dapple gelding as he had been instructed.  He also opened the latch holding shut the door of the stall inhabited by Jaran’s mount.  He then drove off in one of the wagons and about fifteen minutes later Jaran’s mount followed after.
The guard startled when he saw the fleeing horse and quickly sent the groom after the beast but he was never found.  All he found was the abandoned wagon halfway to the quarry.  Prince Thyler was notified immediately that the prisoner and his guards were gone and every available man was mounted and sent in pursuit.  Becket’s mount could not keep up with the unicorns and the Brethren knew they could not outrun the Order at their current pace.  Becket was unceremoniously placed in the saddle behind his brother and the flagging horse, left to his own devices, was soon left behind.  The unicorns easily outdistanced their pursuers; Thyler was enraged to have lost not one but two of his brothers and also two of his knights!  They rode hard. and on the edge of the Tithbian Plain, Jaran left them to take word to the Lady of happenings in Panmycea while Thyler and Becket rode towards Ithalia to inform their father of Thyler’s dreadful enterprise.

The plains of Tithbia were a wide country of rolling hills and vast stretches of flat ground covered in nothing but grass.  It stretched from the forested edge of the East to the very foot of the Impassable Mountains in the West.  Vast herds of elk, deer, and other grazing animals roamed the nearly uninhabited country.  There were the scattered vestiges of a country called Grubar that still clung desperately to life, but otherwise the plains were uninhabited save by transients.  Grubar had succumbed to internal chaos during the plagues and wars that had so lately wracked the world.  Many countries were decimated but Grubar was all but destroyed.  
The aristocracy imploded and the scattered villages were left to survive on their own.  After the collapse of the ruling class, the commonfolk had divided into two groups: the soldiers and the farmers.  The farmers tried to raise crops and herd livestock in order to survive but the soldiers had no such skill and thus were forced to prey upon the farmers to make their living.  Crops in the ground tied a man to one spot, but a herd of some grazing quadruped was quite mobile and could be moved at need to avoid entanglements with the soldiers.  Thus the farmers soon became herdsmen in an attempt to escape the predations of the soldiers.  The farmers knew little of fighting and thus were unable to defend themselves, and the soldiers had little skill beyond those of war, which they used to prey upon the helpless farmfolk.   So it was for fifty years that there was a strange sort of parasitic relationship between the two segments of fallen Grubarian society.  It was into this uneasy climate that Brisbe and Becket found themselves riding.
They were on the edge of a small village when a group of men came out and stood in front of the town with torches, axes, daggers, and whatever else came to hand.  Brisbe decided he had best ride around the village and avoid the obviously hostile townsfolk, but before his mount could respond, a dozen horsemen topped the nearby hill and galloped towards the village with swords drawn.  Brisbe was caught in the midst of the raid.  Without hesitation, the unicorn reared and revealed his true form.  Becket found himself on the ground but so too did some of the oncoming horsemen: half the horsemen were carried away by panicked horses while the other six were swiftly unseated.  The villagers wasted no time in running forward (despite the strange glowing beast) and securing the fallen men.  They marched the captured villains proudly into the village.  Brisbe dismounted, helped his brother to his feet, and followed silently after.  The unicorn stayed on the edge of the village to give warning if another attack should come.  The villagers eyed the strangers skeptically but allowed their odd rescuers to enter the village.  
“Who are you?” asked the leader of the ragged band of farmers, “We do not much like strangers in Tithbia.”  
Brisbe nodded, “I am one of the Brethren and a former prince of Ithalia.  This is my brother Becket and we are both recently fled from the Order of the Unicorn.  We ride to Ithalia and were merely passing through.  What shall happen to your prisoners?”
The mayor laughed mirthlessly, “we shall see if we can use them to ransom their comrades for a little peace.  For five decades they have haunted us!  What I would not give for a little peace.”  
The leader of the soldiers scowled, “peace!  What use is peace if you starve for it?  All we want is our share of the land’s bounty but you refuse to share, thus we are forced to take by force what we need to survive.”  
The two glared at each other for some time then Brisbe said, “why can the two sides not come to an agreement?  The soldiers can protect the farmers from those that would take advantage of them and the farmers could feed the soldiers in exchange.  Who knows?  Maybe you could each learn the sword or the art of growing things from one another.  Why fight when you could cooperate to mutual advantage?  There are enough hostile forces in the world without you waging a perpetual civil war.  You were once countrymen!”  
Becket, the villagers, and the soldiers stared at Brisbe as if he was mad but many wore thoughtful expressions.  
The mayor said, “why did we not think of this before?  We are as afraid of outsiders, perhaps more so, than we are of the soldiers.”  
He looked at the soldier and said, “what do you think?”  
The man grinned, “it is a very good idea.  Sadly it was an outsider who suggested it; why could we not see past our pride for all these years and come to such a conclusion ourselves?  May this be the beginning of a new life for Grubar.”  
The mayor said, “you already know something of horses and we know something of herding.  Perhaps we can combine the two?  The world seems on the verge of flourishing once more, and when it does there will be a great demand for quality horseflesh.  We have a million acres of unused pasture.  Why not breed the best horses in the world and then there will be more than enough for all of us.  And we will need to know how to defend ourselves and our livelihood once word spreads of our valuable stock.” 
The soldier smiled, “I can agree to this much more readily than herding sheep!  Come, loose us and let us begin negotiations.”  
The men were freed and their fled comrades were fetched back by Brisbe.  Soon all were eagerly discussing the future of Tithbia.  Word was quickly sent to the various bands of soldiers and scattered villages and soon they were laying the foundations of their new society.  Brisbe wanted to help but they wanted no input from outsiders, though it was the idea of an outsider that had united them.  They were a proud and stubborn people and it was their disdain for outside influence that was one of the forces that bound them together.  The two were given provisions for their journey and then sent on their way.  
Becket laughed as they rode off the next morning, “you are certainly a man of great influence though you seem to be lacking in renown.  After we speak to father, I think I may ride to Astoria.  Your dealings with the Tithbians have impressed me and I would know more of the Brethren.”  
Brisbe smiled joyfully as they continued their journey.  The vacant plains gradually gave way to the forested north and the brothers soon found themselves in Ithalia.  The King was not excited to see Brisbe but eagerly listened to Becket until he heard what the boy was saying.
The King said, “what do you mean Thyler is a tyrant?  He is not exploiting the peasantry any worse than any other ruler in the history of the world.  I will do nothing to interfere and I would urge both of you to also refrain from meddling, else I will not be responsible for whatever befalls you as a result.  Becket, I suggest you go back to your brother and beg his forgiveness.”  
Becket bowed politely and said, “I am sorry father but I am riding to Astoria.  The Brethren are far more honorable than Thyler could ever dream of being.  Many will rue this day if the Order succeeds in its goal.”  The King very nearly called the guard but the boys made their bows and their escape before the King could change his mind.  They rode hard for Astoria with saddened hearts that their father would not listen.


Chapter 8

Jaran rode swiftly for Astoria, anxious to give the Lady his news.  He was just thinking about drawing rein for the night and finding a place to sleep but his unicorn had other ideas.  The creature ran off into the night as hard as he could and no amount of questioning or protest could change his mind or draw forth a reason for the creature’s flight.  The moon was low on the horizon and flooded the mist-shrouded wood with an eerie light as the stallion finally stopped in a clearing.  In the glade, a unicorn was fighting a horde of goblins, desperately trying to keep the monsters at bay.  Why the mare did not run from the loathsome things Jaran could not imagine as she could easily outrun the creatures.  The stallion screamed a challenge and fell upon the beasts with a fury.  Jaran had his sword out and leapt from the stallion’s back to more easily reach the fell things.  Suddenly his eyes fell upon the reason for the mare’s continued presence and near panic: a tiny filly huddled at the very edge of the clearing and three of the monsters were nearly upon her.
The anxious mare was still occupied with the rest of the beasts and could not reach her foal.  Jaran rushed to the filly’s aid; the monsters turned as one to attack the onrushing man.  He killed two with his sword but the third went for his throat.  Before it could tear out his throat with its terrible teeth, the stallion ran the brute through with his horn.  The other beasts had been destroyed or driven off.  The mare ran to her foal and was delighted to find her unharmed, though the event would forever scar the filly, causing her to hate goblins and kill them every chance she found.  The mare whickered her thanks and disappeared into the woods with the foal close beside her.  Jaran shared a smile with his mount and together they sought out a place to camp.

Becket and Brisbe left Ithalia and rode back to Astoria, having failed to impress their father in the least with the threat posed by Thyler and his growing Order.  Becket took his Oath and joined the Brethren, having finally found his purpose in life.  He had thought to find it with the Order but was sorely disappointed.  The months passed and though the Lady had another agent within Panmycea, not much changed save that construction of their fortress progressed and a reward was offered to anyone who brought in Brisbe, Becket, or Jaran alive.  Prince Thyler was highly disappointed in his brothers and wished to make them pay for not only humiliating himself but also for discrediting the yet natal Order.  It needed all the respect and fear it could garner if it was to fulfill Thyler's vision one day.  This little escapade did not help in the least.  The three Brethren found the warrant for their arrest amusing but otherwise paid it no mind.  The chances of anyone recognizing them and managing to bring them in for the bounty were slim.  The Lady warned them to be careful but trusted to their judgment and skills to keep them out of trouble.  She continued to send them to the ends of the earth on various assignments regardless of this new danger.  If they daren’t ride forth for fear of their lives, they would never leave home; theirs was always a dangerous life.  
It was almost a year later and the danger was nearly forgotten as Brisbe rode alone one dark night, having just finished his latest mission for the Lady.  Clouds had rolled in and covered the moon and stars, hinting at a storm to come.  Thinking he had best seek shelter for the night, he made for an inn that he knew not far from his current path.  He had just ridden into the stableyard when a dozen bowstrings sang in the night, the unicorn screamed, pain erupted at various points throughout Brisbe’s body, and then he knew no more.  
 A gang of bounty hunters (more correctly: opportunistic bandits) had heard rumors of one of the hunted men in the area and lay in wait at the inn hoping they might get lucky.  There had been many men out the last year seeking the three wanted men (the reward was quite substantial) but no one had yet apprehended any of the men in question.  The Brethren were as slippery as eels and sometimes as hard to anticipate as the weather.  Some servant or other had heard of the man having business in the area and for a proper bribe would tell anyone who would listen.  The information had reached the ears of the bandits who had decided that perhaps it was time to temporarily change their occupation.  They had staked out the inn for several nights now with men on the roof and hidden throughout the stableyard.  This was to be their last night of watching, for they had other business that might prove more profitable than a thankless night of waiting and watching for a man who might never come.  
The man had ridden in, clueless that his life was in grave peril.  He matched the sketch well enough that they decided to take the risk.  The dying unicorn had been enough of a confirmation in their eyes.  Once the beast had faded from reality, they inspected their prize.  He was unconscious and in sorry shape.  He had taken four arrows, though none were immediately fatal; they had not been aiming to kill the man.  One was caught in his lower ribs, two pierced his belly, and one had embedded itself in his thigh.  He would not die immediately but the wound fever would not spare him long with such wounds.  The leader hurried his men to find a wagon and team that they might reach Panmycea before the boy died.  Who knew if there was any reward for a dead man?
 They pressed on quickly and tended the boy as best they could but he was failing fast.  A healer had given them some sort of stinking salve to apply twice daily and they kept forcing him to drink water and broth but he hardly roused from his unconscious state even when forced.  The fever set in quickly and a sort of half-waking delirium followed.  He was in a wretched state by the time they reached the growing city of Panmycea.  They announced their pitiful cargo and the soldiers eagerly allowed them to pass.  Their lord was quite fretful that he had never had his revenge, perhaps here was a chance to rectify the situation and thereby improve his mood.  The guards standing outside the nearly finished castle gates were intrigued but would not let the men pass until someone had been sent who could positively identify the boy.  
A servant went running and found Jaden, Brisbe's older brother and second in command to Prince Thyler.  He was grieved when Brisbe had first been taken into custody but secretly amused that Becket had managed to free him.  He had not been happy when the warrant was issued but hoped nothing would come of it.  He was not fond of the Order but stayed because he hoped somehow to keep it from descending further into tyranny and despotism.  He kept a blank expression upon his face but a fist clenched his heart when he heard his younger brother had perhaps been captured.  He hurried after the servant and approached the wagon.  He looked into the back where his brother lay on a thin layer of hay with a torn blanket draped over him.  It was obvious he was dying.  
"What happened here?" asked Jaden as patiently as he could.  
The greasy leader of the band smiled, "we apprehended one of your villains my lord and have come for the reward."  
Jaden said coldly, "I will inform my brother you are come.  He will handle this matter."
 He stormed from the courtyard to seek out Thyler; he could no longer remain silent.  Thyler sat in his rooms, busy over a pile of paperwork; he glanced up as his brother entered unannounced, looking like a thunderstorm made flesh.  Jaden said bluntly, "some rude looking fellows have apprehended Brisbe.  He looks like death on a sunny day.  I hope you are happy."  
"Happy?" scoffed Thyler, "What have feelings to do with anything?  The boy is a traitor, my brother or not, he must face the consequences.  An example must be made else order will break down and none will respect us.  What is he dying of?"  
Jaden said, "I expect the wound fever.  There are several arrows embedded in his body and the stench of death hangs thick about him.”  
Thyler smiled grimly, "let us go see our moribund traitor."  Together they entered the courtyard where Thyler gazed upon the dying boy.  He said, "it is a pity he is not in better shape.  It is hard to make a proper example with an execution when the captive is half-dead to begin with.  Why is he in such a wretched state?"  
The greasy man smiled, "it was a long journey my lord and it was the only way to take him."  
Thyler nodded in disappointment, "very well you shall have your reward but see to it that the next specimen you bring me has a bit more life left to him.  Jaden see to him."  
Jaden said, "what would you have done with him?  I suppose we should at least find a healer to ease his pain and give him a comfortable room where he might die in peace."  
Thyler scoffed, "I do not coddle traitors!  Take him to the town square, have him flogged, and if he survives that, put him in the stocks until he breathes no more."  
Jaden made to protest but Thyler said menacingly, "do not argue with me.  Do as you are told or it will be your head I take next.  Understood?"  Jaden nodded grimly and Thyler said, "good, now do not bother me again until it is finished."  Jaden cast a grim look at his brother but gathered a few of his men and did as he was told; hating himself for the cowardice that kept him silent and obedient to such a tyrant.
 The poor boy was hardly conscious enough to know where he was or even that he was dying.  He recognized Jaden for a moment and spoke his name in confusion, but then the lashes fell and he was lost in an agony of confusion and pain.  The lashing took what little strength remained to him; it was a limp and broken form that they secured in the stocks.  The people passing by looked on in horror at what was meted out to such an obviously stricken man.  Within an hour it was finished.  Jaden's heart was near to breaking.  He had never thought Thyler so heartless, but then perhaps he was far harsher in this case for it was his own brother, and he wished not to appear weak in the eyes of his men and critics.  
Jaden knocked reluctantly on the door of Thyler's study.  When he was admitted he said, "he is dead."  
Thyler smiled cruelly, "good, now let us hope the other two soon meet a similar fate."  
Jaden snarled, "are you going to kill all your brothers?"  
Thyler laughed coldly, "if they turn out to be traitors."  
Jaden said, "this is madness!  Rescind the warrant on Becket, let us not murder another brother."  
Thyler growled, "I warned you not to question me."  
Jaden said grimly, "I will not be an accomplice in the murder of another sibling!"  
Thyler sneered, "this is your last chance.  Apologize or I will put your head on a pike right beside Brisbe's!"  
Jaden nearly came across the desk at his murderous kin, "this is madness!  I will not stand for it.  I am going to tell our father and then let us see if he supports your schemes any longer.  I have had enough.  I am leaving!"  
Thyler growled, "you are not leaving, at least not alive.  Why is my family so full of traitors?  Guards!"  The guards standing outside the door poked their heads in and Thyler said, "take this traitor to the center of town and secure him in the stocks.  See that he is beheaded tomorrow at dawn before all Panmycea.  They will see the price of treachery.  Go!"  
Terrified of their leader, they took hold of Jaden and did as they were ordered.  As he was led away, Jaden cast a mournful look over his shoulder and said, "you will rue this day." 
Thyler laughed scornfully and said, "I think not, but you most certainly shall."  
The guards were both terrified that their lord could be so harsh to his own kin but also vastly amused.  Jaden saw little funny in the situation.  He was secured in the stocks beside Brisbe's stiffening corpse.  The guards had their duty in warding their master's door and were not eager to spend the day in the presence of a doomed man and a corpse, thus they grabbed a new recruit who happened to be passing by and gave him the wondrous job of watching the macabre scene for the day.  
One guard said, "there may be someone sent to relieve you around midnight if we remember to send a replacement.  Otherwise, have a nice night!"  
They laughed scornfully and returned to their duties.  "Just lovely," said Jaden to his newly recruited guard, "this was not how I planned to end my day, or my life."  
Nalin smiled grimly, he was the Lady's agent in Panmycea and he could not allow Jaden to meet such an end.  It grieved him that he could do nothing for Brisbe but perhaps he could aid his brother.  He said, "perhaps it need not be the end.  For now we shall pretend to be as all think us, but once all have gone to bed and all but forgotten us, I think you had best ride home and tell your father all that has come to pass in this dreadful place."  
Jaden stared at his guard with wide eyes, "why would you risk the wrath of Thyler?"  
Nalin said, "much must be risked for the cause of justice.  I cannot leave you as you are.  For now pretend to be cowed or afraid or angry and we shall see what the night avails.”  
The day passed slowly and no replacement came to relieve Nalin.  The townsfolk went to bed and shortly after the midnight patrol had passed, Nalin summoned his mount.  The creature trotted up and waited patiently.  Nalin released his hostage and bid him ride off as fast as he could for Ithalia.  The astonished man jumped into the waiting saddle and waited for Nalin to follow but the sound of yelling and running feet was swiftly approaching.  Nalin bid his mount to bear the man to safety, drew his sword, and prepared to meet the onrushing guards.
Nalin handed his sword to Jaden saying, “you will have more use for this than I.”  
Jaden stared at him in astonishment but found no words to speak as Nalin bid his unicorn run.  The poor creature screamed in despair but ran as he was bidden.  Nalin watched the pair disappear into the distance and turned to face his onrushing foes.  He smiled ruefully as he discovered it was the same pair of men who had bestowed this unfortunate duty upon him, apparently they had finally remembered him.  Unarmed, he faced his attackers, who were only too happy to take advantage of their defenseless foe.  The pair had seen from a distance what the guard intended and hurried to stop him, having failed to catch the loosed prisoner they settled with capturing the traitor and leaving the fugitive to the guards at the gates.  Both men had their swords out and Nalin kept his hands out and open signifying he was unarmed.  The man on the left did not seem to believe or trust him for he ran Nalin through the chest with his sword.  Nalin went to his knees, gasping for air and clutching at his ruined chest.  
The other man gasped, “what did you do that for?  Prince Thyler will be most unhappy as it is that we lost his brother.  If this character dies it will be us facing his wrath.”  
The man who had stabbed Nalin smiled grimly as he wiped the blood from his soiled blade, “he will live just long enough to explain his treachery to Thyler and thus take the blame, but not long enough to endure his full wrath.  He should thank me for a quick death; the punishment for such treachery would not be half so pleasant.”
They each took one of Nalin’s arms and nearly carried him into the heart of the fortress in search of Prince Thyler.  The other man said, “I never took you for an agent of mercy.”  
The man chuckled grimly, “it is a small enough mercy I suppose.  I just cannot stomach such an ending and you know we would have to watch.  The fool deserves to die but not like that.”
By now they had reached the chamber wherein the Prince was wont to sit deep in thought at odd hours of the night.  The guards let them pass after a brief explanation and the Prince looked up in surprise and irritation.  They drove their prisoner to his knees, which was not difficult as he was on the verge of collapse, and then went to their own knees before their lord.  “What is this?” snarled Thyler, “you know it is foolish to disturb me at such a time and place.”  
“I am sorry my lord,” said the first guard, “but this man was caught in the act of betraying you and all the Order.  He has loosed your brother.”  
“What?!?” screamed Thyler, “Why are you not pursuing him instead of bringing me a dead man?”  
The guard mumbled, “the gate guards will stop him my lord.”  
Nalin smiled grimly, “they will never catch a unicorn.”  
“Unicorn!” snarled Thyler, “Has my brother been caught up in the nonsense espoused by the Brethren?”  
Nalin coughed and said, “nay lord, but I could not stand by and let him die for naught.”  
“What have you to do with any of this?” scoffed the prince.  
Nalin said, “justice must be done my lord and what you mete out is not justice but tyranny.”  
The prince said dangerously, “you shall feel the weight of my justice.”  There was no reply; Nalin’s head slumped in death and the Prince nearly exploded with rage.  He snarled, “do not just stand there holding that corpse.  Pursue my brother and do not come back until you have him in hand, else the fate reserved for traitors shall surely be yours.  Go!”  
In their terror, they dropped the corpse and ran for the door.  On the verge of fleeing from the room, the second guard said, “how are we to find him my lord?”  
Thyler said, quiet and cold as the heart of winter, “go to my father in Ithalia, for that shall be his first thought of refuge.  If my father refuses him you will surely find him heading towards Astoria.  Now ride!”  
They fled from the room and were soon riding hard in pursuit of their quarry.  The door guards quickly cleaned up the mess left by their fellows and left the prince to stew in silence.  How many of his brothers would fall prey to the nonsense of the Brethren?  Why were the fools so willing to die for a hopeless cause?  Only the silent dark answered him with its own fathomless mysteries.


Chapter 9

Jaden galloped through the deserted streets and the beast did not stop at the gates as was the usual protocol.  The guards stared in astonishment but a rider in the uniform of the Order leaving in a hurry at such an hour must surely carry some message of great import and must not be hindered.  They let him pass and he vanished swiftly into the night.  Not long after, the pair of guards went galloping after but it was a long time before they again saw their quarry.  The unicorn ran on into the night and stopped briefly upon a moon-soaked hilltop to scream his grief when he felt his master die.  Jaden did not understand any of it nor did the creature pay any heed to his cues or directions.  
He said in frustration, “you are an odd horse; I must be half out of my mind with exhaustion even to be making conversation with you.”  The unicorn suddenly revealed his true form and all the questions vanished from Jaden’s mind.  He said ruefully, “I see you are no horse.  I take from your reaction that your master is dead?”  The creature nodded mournfully.  Jaden’s heart was moved with pity and he said, “then bear me to Ithalia as your master has bidden and let there be an end to this madness that has cost us both so much anguish of heart.  If my father will not listen then I must appeal to your Lady.  We journey at your discretion and I thank you for my life and all the pain and trouble you will endure on our road together.  I will hinder you no more.”  The creature snorted in contentment, veiled his form once more, and took to the road like the wind.  Their journey was swift and soon they came to the lands Jaden knew well.
The guards upon the castle gates were surprised at his return, especially in such ragged garb but quickly admitted him and secured an audience with the King.  The King was gladdened to see his son, thinking perhaps Thyler had sent him a message of great importance.  Jaden bowed appropriately and said with much grief, “Brisbe is dead.”  
The King was shocked for a moment and then snarled, “I knew that fool Oath of his would be his undoing.  What has befallen him?”  
Jaden said quietly, “it was not the Brethren that were his demise but Thyler.”  
“Thyler!” said the King in surprise, “How did the boy fall afoul of his brother?  I am sure Thyler only did what any ruler must to ensure justice and order within his realm.”  
Jaden said, “I am sure you are aware that Brisbe was taken captive by Thyler for no just cause and then aided to escape by one of the Brethren and Becket.”  
The King nodded, “the two boys came to me shortly after and then rode off when I would not aid them.  I have not heard of nor seen them since.”  
Jaden said grimly, “Thyler was enraged that both of his brothers could turn against him thus and put a great price on both their heads.  Becket has escaped so far but Brisbe fell afoul of a band of renegades that felled him with arrows.  They brought him to Panmycea delirious with the wound fever.  Thyler had him flogged and placed in the stocks where he died within the hour.  He did not even know where he was or what was happening.”
The King said, “harsh perhaps but it was his decision to make and he has to show no favoritism, especially to his own kin.”  
Jaden said in astonishment, “you are not grieved that one of your sons is set upon destroying three of his brothers?”  
“Three?” asked the king.  
Jaden said, “I narrowly escaped Panmycea with my life.  I disagreed with Thyler on his treatment of Brisbe and he called for my head.  One of the Brethren died to secure my escape.  It is tyranny and must not be allowed to continue!”  
The King looked grieved but not for his dead and endangered sons; he was anxious for Thyler’s rule of the Order.  If his own brothers would defy him, how secure was his rule?  The King shook his head sadly and said, “you must return to your brother and either mend matters or face whatever justice he feels he must mete out.  I fear for the security of his leadership within the organization.”  
Jaden said, “you would have me return to my death for so baseless a reason?”  
The King said sternly, “you are not willing to die for a good cause?”  
Jaden scoffed, “I might sell my life for an honorable cause but the Order is not such a cause.  If you will not deal with Thyler’s tyranny I shall find someone who will.”  He turned on his heel and left ere his father could forcefully return him to his brother, in his present mood he very well might.  He reached the courtyard, and to his joy, found the unicorn waiting for him.  His grim look told the tale and the creature let him mount and together they rode hard for Astoria.
The two guards arrived several days later only to find their prey already fled.  They turned their mounts east and continued their pursuit.  Jaden’s mind reeled with all that had happened.  He knew his father was quite proud of Thyler’s Order, perhaps too proud.  He could not believe he was willing to spend his sons for such a cause however.  He shook his head sadly and pressed hard for Astoria.  They approached the humble city, which was now beginning to look much more a city than it had in recent years.  People again flooded the streets and the major repairs had nearly been completed.  The guards upon the gates looked over the ragged traveler and began to grow leery when they realized he was clothed in the remnants of a uniform of the Order.  The unicorn was impatient to finish the errand for which his master had given his life and suddenly blazed forth in all his glory.  The guards did not understand but knew no unicorn would bear a sinister rider thus they let the strange pair pass.  He ran through the streets unveiled and caused quite a stir amongst the beasts of burden in their path.  The guards upon the castle gates let them through unquestioned though Becket was quite astonished to see who rode upon such a noble creature.  Jaden exchanged a few words of thanks with the unicorn as he dismounted and then turned to face his brother.
Becket was overjoyed to see his brother but quite confused as to the manner of his arrival.  Jaden was equally surprised to see Becket in the uniform of the Brethren.  They embraced but Jaden could not hold back his tears, for the sight of his brother brought back the pain of Brisbe’s death and Thyler’s tyranny.  When he could again speak he said, “Brisbe is dead by Thyler’s hand; he very nearly had my head as well but one of your comrades gave his life to spare mine.  His faithful mount bore me first to Ithalia and then here when father would not hear me.”  
Becket nodded sadly, “there is yet a warrant for me and I am sure there is now such a one for you.  When will Thyler’s vengeance end?  What hope is there for one who would treat his own brothers thus?”  They shook their heads sadly in commiseration and then Becket said, “we had best speak to the Lady.  You did not ride all this way simply to mourn with your brother.  Come.”  
They entered the castle and sought out one of the Lady’s attendants and inquired after a possible audience.  The man quickly carried the message and returned to say they could see her immediately.  They bowed themselves into her presence, Jaden was quite overcome by the awe inspired by the woman rumored to be a former kitchen girl.  He felt no shame in going to one knee before her.  He quickly told his tale with no few tears.  She contemplated his words for a moment and then spoke to Becket, “please fetch Jaran.”  The boy bowed and disappeared to find the man so named.
She then turned her attention to the man who knelt before her.  She said gently, “you have lost and suffered much.  Remain here and heal for as long as you wish.  The tyranny of your brother cannot be allowed to endure.  An organization with potential of this magnitude cannot be left in the hands of a tyrant.  I shall send a delegation to the other nations, especially those who give support to the Order.  They must be apprised of how their support is used.  Jaran and Becket can both speak personally of what the Order is like and perhaps their testimony will convince the nations to pressure the Order to change and if it does not, perhaps it will wither after its support has been cut off.  Long has the natal Order been an abuse of justice, and we can tolerate it no longer.”  
Jaden said, “Lady, I can also offer my testimony along with theirs.  Let me go with them.”  
The Lady said sadly, “it will be a dangerous mission and though your testimony would be invaluable I cannot risk you thus.”  
Jaden said, “but why will you risk the others?”  
She smiled sadly, “they are my servants and have given their lives into such service.  Live or die, they are in the Master’s keeping.  I will not have you put at such risk even would you wish it.”  
Jaden said, “then take me also as your servant Lady.  Brisbe was willing to die for this cause and Nalin was willing to trade his life for mine.  I wish to live a life of such worth.”
The Lady said, “do you truly understand what it is to which you are committing your life and soul?”  
Jaden smiled ruefully, “Lady, I heard my brother speak on these things when he made his tour of the North Countries and only foolish pride and fear of embarrassment kept me from accepting what he said.  I know full well what it is I am about and can only say it is something I should have done long ago.”  
The Lady smiled and said, “then I will accept your service and you may accompany the others on this quest.”  Jaden was thus sworn to the Brethren and when Becket and Jaran returned not much later, Becket was thrilled and quite amazed to find his brother now a comrade in arms.  Once the excitement had quieted, the Lady said with a smile, “you three are to make a tour of the nations and explain to them what has come of the Order.  They must lean heavily upon the Order to change or pull their support entirely.  We cannot allow such a force abroad in the world without some sort of mechanism to check their unjust exuberance.  All three of you are wanted by the Order and such an assignment shall surely gain their attention.  This will be a dangerous mission, but it is vital that we move quickly ere more injustice is perpetrated.”  They bowed deeply and she said, “then may the Master ride with you.  You may leave tomorrow.  Becket, please see that the needs of our newest recruit are met.”  They bowed again and left her presence.  
As they walked down the corridor Becket said to his brother, “do you think you will find a unicorn in so short a time?”  Jaden smiled, he could already feel his companion of so many miles vaguely in the back of his mind; the unicorn was now truly his companion and would become his dearest friend.
They gathered what supplies they would need, talked much of life amongst the Brethren with Jaden, and then retired to bed for an early start.  They rode off the next morning and made haste for the Eastern Realms.  The two men who had pursued Jaden all the way from Panmycea watched the trio ride southeast.  The first guard said to his companion, “are not the two men with him the two yet hunted by the Order?”  
The second man said, “I believe you are right.  I think Prince Thyler would be most pleased to be presented with all three of them.  Let us follow and see what they are about and if possible find help that we might take all three alive.”  They rode off in pursuit and soon discovered what the men were up to, for they did not fulfill their duty in secret.  Once the men were assured that they knew the errand of their prey they went to find men to aid them in apprehending the fugitives.
The Brethren rode swiftly from country to country, focusing on the south and east first and finally making a tour of the north.  The rulers they spoke with were appalled at the conditions within Panmycea.  They could not fathom how a man could treat his own brothers thusly for no just cause, and the shallow excuses by which a man could be condemned to the quarries was something as bad as slavery and horrified all who heard the tale.  It was quickly agreed that some form of justice and balance must be established within the Order else they would not receive any more support from the nations, thus it would most likely wither for it was far from self-sufficient.  One tyrannical leader could not be allowed to oversee such an operation.  There must be some sort of a ruling council that could remove such an abusive leader and judge certain cases, be it necessary for an objective opinion.
Thyler was most unhappy to receive word from his various benefactors that he must immediately form a High Council, that it might have some say in how things were done within the quickening Order.  They also demanded that he review the accusations against each man he held captive and make sure justice had been done.  If he failed to abide by these dictums, his whole organization would soon die for it could not yet support itself.  Neither could it be done just for show, for there would be inspectors sent from the various nations to oversee his efforts.  Desperate to maintain his leadership but furious at the tactics of the Brethren, he began to assemble the High Council from amongst his wisest and most experienced men, perhaps choosing those most devoted to himself more often than objectivity might dictate.  The nations sent their inspectors, who were satisfied by the progress with the Council but unhappy that they were not reviewing the plight of the quarry slaves more quickly.  
Thyler said, “we must have the Council fully finished before such a review is made.”  
His inspectors said, “we shall be patient but see that it is done soon.”  He snarled under his breath but nodded his appreciation for their continued patience.  He was furious when he discovered those who had spread such tales that the nations felt these sanctions justified.  How could his own brothers do this to him?  He secretly tripled the bounty on each of the three and hoped each day to see them brought home in chains.

The three Brethren sat their mounts in the midst of the road; a dozen bows with arrows nocked were aimed at them.  The pair of guards had made the acquaintance of the same band of brigands that had felled Brisbe.  The rebels had gladly joined in the hunt, especially with the insane bounties now offered for each of the three.  They had been finishing their tour of the nations and had only Ithalia to visit ere they returned home.  The men had caught them in the middle of their journey thither.  The unicorns were antsy, wanting to die rather than face captivity but their masters held them back.  The two guards were nearly mad with glee, for they had been chasing Jaden for almost a year and now their ignominy and banishment were nearly ended.  “If you come along quietly,” said one of the guards, “we need not kill you or your beasties.  Will you agree not to try to escape or cause problems?”  
Jaden exchanged a look with his friends and said, “we shall cooperate.  It is time this madness was ended one way or another.  We shall face my brother’s wrath and see if our efforts have been in vain.”  The guard smiled and motioned for his men to drop their bows.  The party then set off as quickly as the horses could safely go.  It was an odd journey, but not unpleasant if it was to be their last in this lifetime.  Jaden could not imagine anyone else with whom he would rather spend his last days.  The others kept away from the Brethren while the Brethren cooperated with their captors to the point of making them nervous.  They could not arrive in Panmycea too soon for the sanity of their captors.
They rode into the city triumphantly with the three in their midst.  Many of the Knights of the Order recognized their former comrades and looked on them with disdain and no little fear for the end they would certainly meet.  They rode up to the gates and after all surrendered their weapons and an ample number of guards were assembled, they were allowed to enter.  Thyler stood in the courtyard and smiled broadly, “I see you have finally apprehended these fiends.  We shall lose no time in seeing justice done.”  
“Yes,” said another voice, “let this be the first time we officially gather together and render judgment.   I officially call the High Council into session.  Bring the prisoners.  My Lord Thyler, if you would be so kind as to attend us we would be most gratified.”  Thyler growled under his breath but nodded his agreement and made his way with the rest to the Council chambers where the matter would be decided once and for all.  Why did the renegades have to arrive on the day when the last details of the High Council had been finalized?  He sighed and prepared for the coming argument.
The High Council, Thyler, the three Brethren, and their captors gathered in the council chambers and the Council was begun.  One of the councilmen began, “my most esteemed Lord Thyler, we are rather distressed to learn the price you put on the heads of these men and can hardly justify that they are criminals at all, let alone worthy of such a price.  A price which we can ill afford at the moment.  This makes us wonder how else you have abused the Order and its resources for personal use?”  
Thyler turned white, “you have no right to question me or my doings.  I am the Master of the High Council and can do as I please.  These men are traitors and deserve to die the death of a traitor.”  
The councilman smiled patronizingly, “yes, as to that, I think we may safely reduce the penalty from its current torturous means to something just as fatal but perhaps a bit less terrible.  You are the Master of the High Council, but remember you are but one man and this council has the authority to remove you from said position should we find your leadership lacking in some way.”  
Thyler snarled, “I am quite ready to fight for my position.  Do not trifle with me or you may find yourselves picking rock, if not meeting a worse fate.”  
The council exchanged an amused look, of all things, and the man continued, “that will be as it must, but let us address the matter at hand.  These men are accused of treachery against the Order.  How do each of you plead?”
Jaden spoke for all three saying, “your honor, we would plead not guilty unless you count acting according to our own consciences as worthy of death.  We did abandon service with the Order but for fear of our own lives.”  
The councilman nodded and said, “we would have to agree with your assumptions after reviewing the case.”  
“What!” screamed Thyler, “This cannot be!  I will have all your heads.”  
The councilman laughed grimly and said, “I fear not, captain.”  
Thyler looked ready to either faint or commit murder as he said, “Captain?  What treachery is this?”  
The councilman said, “this council has voted, and has unanimously decided, that you are unfit for your current position; you will be removed from command and will be reduced in rank that you might earn your way back into favor.”  
“You cannot do this!” screeched Thyler.  
The councilman laughed, “we can and we just did.”  
“What about our reward?” asked one of the guards.  
The councilman turned a stern eye upon the man who had interrupted and said, “you and your fellow guard shall be forgiven your extended absence as it was at the behest of your former commanding officer.  You will be spared any further punishment and find yourselves content.  Understood?”  The guards blanched but nodded in terror.  
“What about us?” squawked the leader of the bandits, “We want our reward!”  
The councilman said, “you stand guilty of at least one murder but I am certain more innocent blood has certainly stained your hands, for you are bandits at heart.  Are you not all guilty of murder and theft?”  
The bandit scoffed, “of course not, we are innocent men simply trying to make our way in the world.”
Jaden smiled, “he is most certainly lying my lord.”  
The councilman laughed, “I could tell that even without your talent my friend.  Now you may choose your fate.  I can have the headsman sent for or you can spend a few years in the quarries building character.”  The bandits did not look happy but a few years of hard labor was an easy choice compared to the alternative.  The councilman said, “an excellent choice.  Now the captain and our two faithful guards will kindly escort you to your new occupation.  You are all dismissed.”  
The captain said, “but what about the Brethren?  Are they to slander our reputation throughout the world without punishment?”  
The councilman said, “they have done nothing wrong.  They have simply told the truth which has resulted in the formation of this council.  I cannot guarantee that this organization will continue to behave in an upstanding manner if greedy and evil men attain places of power within it but for now we shall strive to live up to such expectations.  All I ask of these men is that they stay for a time while we review the cases of those condemned to the quarries.”  
Jaden smiled, “we would happily aid in freeing those held unjustly.  If you come to lack men to work in your quarry, might I suggest you request that the nations donate their own justly convicted men to your efforts?  I think they would find it a workable solution.”  The council nodded thoughtfully.
Thyler escorted the men to the quarry as directed but failed to return and was soon declared a deserter.  The Brethren stayed on long enough to help judge each case yet pending in the quarries; most of the men were released, for there was no just reason to hold them.  They also helped hammer out the finishing touches that needed to be applied to the Order’s new charter.  They rode away with many thanks from the High Council and its new master.  For a time the Order was actually a respectable organization, but it was not long before corrupt and self-serving men again found their way into its councils and positions of power thus corrupting it once more.  For a time it was an honorable organization, at least until it could support itself and no longer required the support of the nations and therefore cared little for their censure.  Thyler rode home to Ithalia, hoping to gain his father’s sympathy but was met with blunt disdain.  His father was contemptuous that he had allowed himself to be so treated and had fled a coward rather than work to renew his standing.  Thyler threatened and raged at his father and eldest brother, the heir, but there was little he could do.  He stormed back to his room to sulk but an eerie presence met him in his chambers.  
The dark man said, “you seek power but not such as is granted by one mortal to another?  I can show you power unthinkable to accomplish all you dream and more.  Your foolish brothers have thrown themselves upon a weak and impotent master but I can show you the one who defeated him.  Curious?”  
Thyler smiled eagerly, “very.”

Becket rode along seeking some place to camp for the night.  It had been a long journey and a successful venture but he looked forward to spending a few days in Ithalia before returning to Astoria.  His unicorn stopped, cocked his head, and stared off into the growing dark.  Something that looked a small, wingless dragon with overly long back legs emerged from the shadowed trees.  Upon his back sat a masked man draped all in black.  Without a word, the stranger drew his sword and fell upon Becket and his mount.  Becket had his own sword out and battle was met.  They swirled about in a clash of teeth, claws, horn, and hooves.  The monster snarled and the unicorn screamed.
The beast caught the unicorn by the throat with its terrible teeth and Becket felt his mount falling beneath him.  He rolled from the saddle to avoid being crushed by his mortally wounded unicorn but now he faced the monster on the ground.  The creature saw its vulnerable foe and rushed forward for the kill, impaling itself on Becket’s raised sword.  Before the monster’s miniscule brain could register that it was dead, the hideous creature fell upon Becket with all its fury, together they collapsed in a mangled heap.  The rider leapt from his saddle, removed his mask, and looked down upon his brother, hoping he lived long enough to recognize his killer.  Becket barely clung to life and his eyes widened in surprise as he gasped, “Thyler!”  
Thyler smiled cruelly and said, “we meet again.  At last I have my revenge.  Fear not, it will not be long ere I send father and all his children after you.  Give my condolences to your wretched Master!”  He drew his sword and ended his brother’s suffering; taking the head, he vanished into the dark.  He somewhere found a horse and continued his journey to Ithalia.  It had been happy coincidence that he had discovered one of his traitorous brothers upon the road.  Now he would finish with his father and assume the crown of Ithalia.  He only hoped he could one day finish Jaden in like manner.  It was no difficulty to gain an audience with the King, who was quite disgusted and upset when Thyler spilled the contents of the foul smelling bag upon the floor.  No man should have to look on such a mockery of what once was his child.  
Thyler said cruelly, “and now dear father it is your turn.  You mocked and scorned me once but never again!  You and all your kin, save myself, will soon perish.”  
“I think not,” said Jaden, stepping from the shadowed corners of the great hall, “surrender and face a just trial else consider this your execution.”  
Thyler mocked, “you would not kill your own brother now would you?”  
Jaden said grimly, “you were the one who taught me justice must be objective, not sparing even your own kin.  You have killed two of yours.  Why should it bother you if I do likewise?  I do not relish the idea of killing anyone, much less my own brother, but I will do as I must to protect others and see that justice is done.”  
Thyler mocked, “have at me then for I will not surrender; I have waited long to make an end of you.”  They drew their swords and circled one another.  The king looked on in abject horror, not wishing to lose a third son this day but knowing it must be so.  Finally, the two leapt upon each other like a pair of warring thunderheads.
The battle was intense but Jaden was the superior in skill.  Thyler had come to depend too much upon his dark powers to aid him in battle, thus his swordsmanship had suffered.  He lay mortally wounded and mocked his kin even with his dying breath.  At last nothing remained but an oily puddle upon the floor.  Jaden shook his head sadly and looked to his father, “I am sorry sir, but you know as well as I that there was no other way.”
After Thyler had left for the final time, the King sent to the Lady for one of his sons that he might teach the rest of his family what it was to live a just and honorable life.  Thyler’s behavior had been an alarming and disappointing reminder of what became of a life lived otherwise.  Jaden had been dispatched to teach the people of Ithalia, and also to protect them should the errant brother return again with hostile intent.  They gathered up what little remained of Becket and buried it in the family plot.  While the family stood about in mourning, an arrow from one of the balconies of the castle took the King in the chest and he fell gasping to the ground.  Servants and his children rushed in to attend to their stricken lord.  Jaden drew his sword and rushed towards the source of the arrow.  It seemed Thyler was not alone.
Jaden had not long to search, for he found the dark man in the long hall adjacent to the balcony.  The man had been posing as a servant within the King’s household; long had he been pressuring the young heir to turn to the darkness and betray his father.  When Thyler returned, the man had turned to the errant prince in great hope but now those hopes were dashed and he must again pressure the young heir but he did not want the Brethren around to interfere.  The King would die and the new king would need a strong advisor.  A little pressure on the mind with his dark powers and he would certainly be selected to fulfill that role.  
“Welcome to your doom boy,” scoffed the dark man, “I saw your little duel with your brother.  Know that I am better.  Promise to serve me faithfully and I shall spare your life and perhaps your family.  Else disaster will befall you all.”  Jaden set his feet in a fighting stance and prepared to face his foe.  The man smiled, “I like your courage, a pity it will avail you nothing.”  He leapt at the youth and they tangled more intensely than Jaden had ever fought before.  The man was the best swordsman he had ever seen or even heard of.  The man was impressed, for the boy had lasted longer than he had expected, but he was obviously flagging and it would soon be over.  Jaden knew he could not best the man with skill but neither could he leave him alive to wreak more havoc upon his family and all Ithalia.
He made to lunge at the man, leaving his flank wide open.  The man saw the opening and drove home his blade.  As the man’s sword clove his flesh, Jaden drove his own blade into the dark man’s momentarily unprotected chest.  They fell together to the floor.  The dark man laughed, “well done boy!  I did not think you had it in you, but then the Brethren are made of sterner stuff than ever we give them credit for.  It was an obvious trick but I took the bait thus it was my own foolishness that slew me.  At least I die not alone.”  
He smiled mockingly at his foe but Jaden was beyond response.  He lay in a growing puddle of his own blood, but it was the vile taint upon the blade that had pierced his side that was the reason for his lapse into unconsciousness.  The man laughed through the pain as his own end finally came.  He dissolved into a fetid puddle leaving Jaden dying alone in the hall.  The sound of running feet soon filled the corridors; the horrified servants looked upon yet another of their poor master’s sons breathing his last.  How much evil could befall one family in so little time?  The healer came to see the stricken boy but was confounded and said to the King in the bed adjacent to his dying son, “I do not know why he will not waken.  The wound is deep and will be his end, but he has not lost enough blood to account for such a condition so soon.  His breathing is erratic and shallow, his heart labors, and he is cold to the touch.  He will not last much longer.”
The king was quite miserable.  How many of his children would precede him in death?  At least it seemed he would not long survive his son; he almost welcomed death, to free him from the sorrow of this mortal sphere.  The arrow had punctured a lung and each breath was an agony.  It was only a matter of time for both of them.  The healer left them, for there was nothing else she could do.  Screams of terror suddenly came from outside the door.  The king groaned as he reached for his sword, but the strain was too much and he lay back upon his pillows exhausted, wondering what new grief the day would bring.  The doorknob turned and a man entered.  He was armed but his sword rested safely in its sheath.  He looked upon the stricken Jaden with grief before bowing hastily to the King, who watched in astonishment as a unicorn wedged itself into what little space remained in the tiny chamber; he looked over the two stricken men, and looked mournfully upon his dying master.  
Jaran said to the King, “this great hearted creature is convinced he must trade his own life for that of his master; it is the greatest gift their kind can bestow upon ours.  I know your son would object but he now has no say in the matter.  It rends my heart to think of losing such a noble creature but it is his choice to make and I cannot gainsay him.  You may also partake in this gift if you will simply reach out and touch him.  It is a thing not often done that a unicorn will take upon himself the wounds of one not of the Brethren but thus has he decided.”
The King was stunned, “he would trade his life for mine?  What can inspire such love?”  
Jaran smiled sadly, “it was the price the Master paid for each of us.  The unicorn is made in the physical image of the Master and has a great and noble heart beating within his breast.  It is a wondrous gift but one bought with great pain by those who receive it.”  
“Pain?” asked the confused king, “What is painful in a healing?”  
Jaran said quietly, “the physical pain is ended but we are sundered from our dearest friend and must live knowing that he died in our stead.”  The unicorn whinnied loudly and Jaran smiled, “he implies that should a unicorn’s friend die and he do nothing about it, it is the unicorn that must then bear that grief.”  Jaran reached out and stroked the great neck and laughed sadly, “it seems there is grief on both sides but the Master’s gifts are never vain.  We each of us must mourn in our turn, but never lose hope nor despair, for we shall be reunited in time or perhaps I should say, beyond it.”  The unicorn snorted his approval and nuzzled his quickly fading master gently in farewell though he knew it not.  Jaran said, “reach out and touch which part of him you may, even his tail.”  The King reached out weakly and touched the flank of the great beast as he continued to nuzzle Jaden.  Suddenly the pain was gone and breathing was again comfortable for the King.  
Jaden started awake, for one moment he looked deep into the eyes of his friend but could not speak a farewell, though the creature heard him all the same before falling to the floor and vanishing.  Jaden exchanged horrified and joyful glances with his father and friend.  Jaran sat on the bed beside him, and Jaden flung his arms around his friend and wept until he had voice enough to speak.  He said weakly, “father, are you well?”  
The King leapt from his bed and embraced his son, saying, “I have a son and my own life redeemed from the grave this day!  My heart stirs within me for grief at what I have lost but also rejoices for what is restored.  You must tell me of this Master of yours and of all the wonders He has wrought in the lives of men throughout the ages!”  Thus it was that the King and all Ithalia finally turned with listening ears to the tales of the Brethren and many found hope at last.


Chapter 10

Twenty years passed and the Order seemed to hold to its new course, at least closely enough that they ceased to be a menace to justice and peace throughout the world.  The nations again began to flourish and civilization was intent on making a comeback.  The Lady was grateful that the Order no longer required her attention for there were many other matters that could benefit from the services of the Brethren.  As civilization reasserted itself, the Brethren were kept busy from one end of the world to the other maintaining the peace, advising rulers, and teaching all who would listen.
Jaden found himself in one of the outer provinces of Cantara serving as a minion to a young lord, eager to secure his bride and thus perpetuate his line.  Kallia, the girl in question, was a beautiful young woman, as wise as she was lovely.  Her father was a farmer and had promised his daughter to the young lord when the girl caught his eye.  Being a dutiful daughter and knowing that she must do what was best for her people, she agreed to the match though she had been hoping for a proposal of marriage from one of the local young men.  Adrian was a soft spoken and quiet boy but certain he wished to marry the charming young woman.  It was on a sunny day in the late spring that they sat alone in a meadow and Adrian was desperately working up the courage to ask the greatest desire of his heart.
She was quieter than usual that day, more reluctant to smile and much more restrained.  She had learned from her father only that morning of her intended fate, but had silently been hoping that the shy boy before her might finally gain courage enough to speak that which his eyes never failed to tell.  She knew that he loved her dearly and feared she might break his heart, but she would not dishonor her father or her people so.  The young lord was not as handsome as he might be but he was honorable, if a bit too prone to seeing justice done no matter the cost.  He needed to learn that mercy and grace had their part in seeing justice done and she would be able to teach him that.  She could do much to help all her folk through such a match.  She only regretted wounding Adrian so deeply.  She had silenced the griefs of her own heart and pushed on determinedly in spite of the ache she felt deep within.  
Her reticence this day made it all the harder for the boy to speak but finally he mustered his courage and said, “I love you more than ever words can say.  Will you grant the greatest desire of my heart and consent to be my wife?”  
Kallia burst into tears and said, “this also is my greatest wish, but alas it cannot be.  My heart is near to breaking for fear of hurting you and at the loss of so dear a dream.  My father has arranged a marriage for me with Lord Calyon and I must abide by his decision.”  
Adrian smiled sadly and said, “I love you all the more for your dedicated and noble heart.  Much as it pains me, I must let you go and love you ever from afar but now as a brother, a suitor no longer.”
She smiled sadly, “the stories would say that we must runaway and affirm our love in some distant and private place, but the stories never have to deal with the repercussions to family and conscience.  I have ever loved your great heart and ever will, though now my duty is to another.  It eases my own grief to know that you are willing to let me go.”  
Adrian said ruefully, “it takes every fiber of my being to release you to do what you must, but it would be more a grief to watch you pining away because you knew our love was not right.  It grieves me, but at least I have not that misery.”  
They shook hands, tears streamed from both their eyes, but they parted friends and knew they could never be more save perhaps brother and sister.  Kallia returned home to find her father pacing ceaselessly in distress and agitation.  He demanded of the girl, “where have you been?  Lord Calyon came to pay his respects and you were not here.  The whole village knows of that Adrian boy’s feelings for you and his lordship fears you might share them and back out of our agreement.  He has sent his guards to the boy’s farm and I fear for the safety of the boy and his family, such is the fear of their master.”  
The girl said, “I was indeed with the young man and we both agreed to a sundering to last a lifetime.  He loves me dearly but will not hinder me in what we both know is right.”  
The man sighed, “a nobler man than many I fear but the lord stormed back to his estate in a rage and his men rode off with all haste to investigate the situation.”  
She looked desperately at her father, “whatever am I to do?”  
The man said, “now all depends on the actions of the guards.  Let us pray they do nothing foolish.”

Adrian returned home along the familiar path through the woods and knew not that a threat awaited him there.  His heart ached for his beloved, but knowing she was never to be his loosed him from the agony that had seized him in deciding how best to propose his love.  What was to come of his future he did not know, but he doubted his sanity would benefit if he remained at home.  He had never wanted another life than to marry a nice girl and take over his father’s farm, but it seemed that dream was not to be, leaving him with a vague and fuzzy future.  He froze as he left the cover of the forest and saw three men with swords bared, surrounding his family in the farmyard.  A fourth jumped from the cover of the woods, grabbed the unarmed boy, and flung him into the saddle of a waiting horse.  The stranger yelled, “ride!”  The horse did not wait for the boy to respond but fled in the direction that suited him best.  The three swordsmen scowled, left their captives, and found their own saddles, riding swiftly in pursuit of the boy.  
The fourth man ran to the former captives and once assured they were well, save a bit shaken, he said sadly, “I may be able to spare the life of your son but I fear he must leave Cantara for a time.  Once the boy is gone, your lord will have no more reason to be angry with you and his minions shall leave you in peace.  I will see that no harm befalls the boy and that he is protected once he leaves home.”  
Adrian’s mother wept but his father smiled gratefully and said, “may the Master ride with you both.”  
Jaden ran to the barn, saddled a borrowed horse, and pursued the pursuers.  The three young soldiers, one the lord’s younger brother, had come to the farm intent on murder and mayhem but Jaden had convinced them to wait for the boy to return before they did anything their lord might regret.  When the boy appeared, they had been ready to put the whole family to the sword but Jaden’s actions had forced them to pursue the boy and leave the family in peace.  First they would catch the boy and then they would deal with Jaden’s treachery.  They were the special henchmen of Lord Calyon and did whatever needful tasks he set them.  He had sent them to see if the boy had tried to win away his bride; he had said nothing about hurting either the boy or his family, but his murderous brother found joy in cruelty and often carried his duties too far.  Jaden had recently joined the little cadre, much to their leader’s dismay, for he neither toadied up to the young lord nor listened without question.  He was a restraining influence and a voice of reason where the lord’s brother wanted complete obedience and undisputed rule.  He would be more than happy to make an end of the older man and now he had a good reason to do just that.  
Jaden spurred the poor horse on and soon caught up with his mount and the three pursuing villains.  He called the unicorn to him but asked that he avoid the three fiends.  He obliged his master, but let him know he needed no such reminder with something much like a mental sigh.  Jaden smiled in amusement, leapt into the saddle behind the stunned boy as the unicorn came alongside his tiring horse; they left the flagging horse far behind as the chase continued, the horses of their pursuers could not be in much better shape.  Finally the three began to lag behind as their horses tired, Jaden turned his mount and stood broadside to their foes as he drew rein.  
He said to the boy, “these fiends wish to make an end of you for how you feel about their lord’s betrothed.  Have you done anything to dishonor the lady or will you do such a thing in the future?”  
The boy’s eyes were wide with fear and confusion, but narrowed at the perceived insult in Jaden’s words, saying, “I love the girl with all my heart and could never do anything to injure her thus.  She told me her intentions and I have relinquished any claim upon her, save in fairest memory.  She will do her duty and I will let her do it, though it grieves me to be thus sundered.”  
Jaden nodded grimly, “many a heart would not feel or act as you have done.  These men seek your life and will not spare your family either unless you promise to leave this land and all you hold dear.”  
Tears clung to the boy’s cheeks but he said, “I have already this day lost what I love most.  There is nothing to hold me here, especially at such cost to my kin.  I will leave if I must or gladly die by their hand to save the lives of my family.”  Jaden was stunned at the noble conviction dwelling in such a young heart.  Their pursuers finally approached their waiting quarry.  
Grenik, the lord’s younger brother, said, “why do you hinder me in my duty?”  
Jaden said, “I hinder you only in needlessly inflicting pain and suffering on the innocent.”  
The boy scoffed, “the innocent indeed!  This wretch is trying to steal away my brother’s rightful bride.”  
Adrian drew himself up in the saddle, tears stung his eyes as he said, “I have done no such thing!  Kallia has made up her mind to wed your brother and I will make no more claims upon her affections.  You have no right to endanger me or my family.”  
Grenik spat, “I have no interest in your family.  Once you are disposed of we shall have no more problems from that quarter.  Besides, my brother would take it amiss if I murdered one of his most productive farmers.  Surrender and I shall spare them.”  
He eyed Jaden coldly, “as for you, I think the headsman far too quick an end for such treachery.”  
Jaden snorted, “I stayed your hand from murder and this is how you thank me?  Neither has the boy done anything worthy of death.”
Grenik shrugged, “he is a distraction and I will not have him in the district.”  
Jaden nodded, “neither is it to his benefit to remain so close to his lost love.  Instead of killing him, let me bear him far from here, which shall appease your lord and the boy’s family.  It will also keep innocent blood from your hands.”  
Grenik snorted, “and who says I shall give you the luxury of living after you have defied me?”  
Jaden said, “I answer to a higher calling than your miserable definition of justice.  I serve the Master and cannot sit idly by and watch the innocent be slaughtered.”  
Grenik spat, “the Brethren?  I should have known.  I always thought you far too soft to serve in such a position.  How did you ever convince my brother to take you into his service?”  
Jaden smiled, “the Lady herself made the request and your late father granted it, fearing just such an over-exuberance on your part during the transition from his reign to that of your brother’s.  I was sent to maintain justice, order, and peace.  Now that the transition is complete, I may return to Astoria and bear this unfortunate lad with me.”  
Grenik said, “very well, if only to keep everyone else from asking awkward questions.  If ever I see either of you again, I will not hesitate to kill you both.  Understood?”  
Jaden shook his head in amusement and said, “that would not be a wise thing to attempt but I shall keep it in mind.  Will you leave the boy’s family alone?”  
Grenik scoffed, “of what interest are they to me now?  Be gone from our borders ere dark or you will be hunted down like the dogs you are.”  They turned their exhausted horses and began the long ride home without a glance back at the life they had just uprooted and very nearly destroyed.
Jaden asked his mount to continue the journey home.  As they rode, the boy said, “how can my life have fallen to pieces so quickly?  Yesterday I thought to marry Kallia and to spend my life tilling the land.  What is to become of me?  I do not want an adventure.  I just want to live an ordinary life.”  
Jaden smiled and said, “sometimes the path we think our life should take is not the path the Master intends.  Sometimes it takes losing everything to learn that all is not lost, and that what we thought was most important was actually a hindrance to those things of actual importance.  There is no such thing as an ‘ordinary life.’  Each life has meaning and purpose and there are things that each of us are expected to accomplish if we wish to please the Master.  Most people do live what is called an ordinary life but that does not mean their lives lack adventure, as it were.  But some of us are called to live a rather extraordinary life that others may continue to live in the peaceful ruts of what they would call the ordinary.”  
Adrian said, “is that what has happened?  The Master has called me to something greater than myself?  Why must it be so painful?  What if I refuse to heed His call?”  
Jaden said, “you are surely called to greater things than you once anticipated but what that will be, only the future will tell.  Often what we love most must be sacrificed on the altar of what we need most.  If you refuse His call upon your life you shall spend your whole life wandering aimlessly, never content no matter what you do, and ever wondering why you feel only half a person with no purpose or aim.”
Adrian sighed, “is it always this hard to seek the Master?”  
Jaden said, “He must be dearer to us than wealth, life, power, fame, and even reputation.  Of some He demands the ultimate sacrifice while others need only endure the censure of their neighbors who think them mad to follow such a path.  The Master Himself paid a dear price that we might have the chance to serve Him.  He asks of us only what He was willing to pay Himself.  And yes, there is always a cost that must be counted ere you embark on such a life, but the reward is far greater than anything you give up to pursue it.  Sometimes it is hard to realize that as we struggle ever onwards, but one day we will know for certain that we made the right choice and would be willing to offer even more to gain it if we had that chance again.”  
Adrian replied, “but I have lost my dearest love, my home, my family, everything!”  
Jaden said, “He who needed never to know death or pain or sorrow or humiliation bore all of it and more that we might be freed of our own stupidity and evil.”  
Adrian nodded grimly, “by comparison, everything else is but a small price.  What price have you paid for such service?”  
Jaden said sadly, “I watched a brother die in great agony at the hand of another brother.  I was nearly killed for objecting to his death, but another man gave his life to spare mine.  I was rebuked by my father for my actions and a warrant was made for my death or capture.  My murderous brother fell more deeply into evil, murdering yet another brother and threatening my father and all Ithalia.  I was then forced to kill my own brother, after which my father and I were mortally wounded by another fiend, but my dearest friend gave his life to spare ours.  And those were just the first few years of my service to the Master.  Thankfully the years since have been much less eventful.”
Adrian was wide-eyed that his rescuer had survived so much and yet trusted fully in his calling.  He said, “how can you remain faithful and even content through such sorrow?”  
Jaden said, “while the Master demands everything of us, He is not stingy in His blessings, neither does He refrain from giving us His strength, peace, and joy.”  
Adrian asked, “you are guaranteed blessings for such service?”  
Jaden laughed, “perhaps not blessings as you would see them.  He by no means promises riches, fame, respect, or an easy life but rather that He will bear our sorrows, guide us through our darkest hours, and be with us when all others have abandoned us.”  
Adrian shook his head in amusement, “you are a very strange but wonderful folk.  I look forward to learning more of you and your Master.”  
As they traveled, Jaden answered many questions and told many tales to his wide-eyed companion.  They reached Astoria without further incident and the boy was determined in what he wished to do with his future.  He knelt before the Lady, quite honored to stand before such an auspicious person.  She was impressed with the boy’s story and the amazing integrity found in one so young.  Finally he worked up his courage and said, “Lady if I might, I would like to enter your service.”  
She smiled warmly and said, “you are quite alone in the world and nothing would give me greater joy than to welcome you home.  There are yet a few weeks before the next Oath-taking and I ask that you use that time to make certain of your decision, but if you are wholly decided upon this course at that time I will gladly welcome you into my service.”  
The boy blushed in pleasure and said, “I shall do as you ask but my mind shall not change.  This is what I am meant to do.”

The weeks passed both slowly and quickly for the eager young man.  He immersed himself in his studies and thus the time passed rapidly, but so greatly did he anticipate the day that would forever change his life that the few weeks seemed interminable.  As the eve of the anticipated day drew nigh, he was summoned to the Lady’s chambers.  Curious and terrified, he quickly made his way thence.  Upon making his bows, he was stunned to see Grenik and his two cronies standing before the Lady.  She motioned for him to stand before her, adjacent to the three reprobates.  Grenik and his minions smiled maliciously upon sighting their old nemesis but kept their thoughts to themselves.  The Lady said, “these three have asked leave to study here for a time and I have granted them my permission.  I know there is some little difficulty between you and I ask that you lay it aside for the duration of your stay among us.  Failure to abide by our precepts will result in your immediate dismissal.  Am I understood?”  
“Yes Lady,” said all four in unison.  
She smiled, “then Adrian, please escort your classmates and acquaint them with Astoria and our ways.”  He bowed deeply and the others followed after him like scornful chicks after a humble hen.  
Once they were safely out of the Lady’s hearing, Grenik scoffed, “they have made you a rather dutiful servant I see.  Know that your lady love is forever lost to you.”  
Adrian barked a laugh, “I knew that ere I left Cantara.  I wish her all the joy that can come of such a union.  She shall do her duty as certainly as I shall do mine.”
Grenik sneered, “and what is your duty, mucking stalls and hauling refuse?”  
Adrian smiled, “at times each of us must take a turn at such tasks, as will you, my valiant lordling.  Chores are as much a part of your education as the classes and lessons.  If you refuse, they will ask you to leave.”  
Grenik did not look pleased, “I did not ride all the way here to become a servant.”  
Adrian smiled, “actually we are ranked somewhere below the servants, for they have the authority to ask us to aid them as we may.”  
Grenik scoffed, “wonderful!  I came to see just what this mythic place has to offer.  I would not have a wretch like you getting an education denied me.  I will even stoop so far as to offer you a place in my entourage.”  
Adrian laughed, “I think not.  The Lady does not approve of such things.  Your minions will have to think for themselves for once.”  
Grenik scowled, “they will continue to think as I tell them and do as they are told.  None but I shall direct them.  If it becomes a problem we shall leave.”  
Adrian shook his head in amusement, showed the new arrivals around, and introduced them to life in Astoria.  They did not seem impressed.  The following day Adrian found them in his sword class.  He had never handled such a weapon before his arrival in Astoria and was eager to learn the art.  Grenik and his cronies had a more formal education and soon showed themselves to be superior adepts in the art and made the fact all too obvious to Adrian.  Grenik had never liked the boy and he liked him less and less with each passing day.  He had offered him a chance at power and influence yet the boy had snubbed him without even a second thought!
Adrian was not all that concerned that he lacked the skills of the other boys, knowing that they would come with time and practice.  They had been novices once themselves.  Nothing could curb his enthusiasm, for that afternoon was the day he had been waiting for so eagerly.  After the lesson Grenik said, “you do not seem impressed or intimidated by our superior skill?”  
Adrian shrugged, “I have not the long practice or benefit of prior learning as you have had.  We shall see one day when I have actually learned the use of such a weapon if I am a match for you, of course even then it means little if you are still the better with a blade, save perhaps if we must come to blows.”  
Grenik grumbled, “that day may come sooner than you might think.  I tire of your arrogance and disdain for my position.”  
Adrian gave him a confused look, for he did not intentionally give offense but treated all with dignity and respect, though Grenik felt this a slight to his superior position and wanted more than Adrian gave anyone, save perhaps the Master.  Grenik would not be satisfied and was determined to teach the boy his place one day.  He was also irked by the boy’s continued good cheer even in the face of all that he had lost and the insults that were heaped upon him.  
Grenik said, “what right have you to be so happy when you have suffered so much loss?  Have you some secret plot to steal my brother’s wife away and make her your own?”  
Adrian gave him a scandalized look and said, “I have lost much but the Master has given me strength enough to bear it and His joy besides.  What reason have I to be discontent?”
Grenik heard this and laughed scornfully, “you believe the fairy tales these fools prattle on endlessly?”  
Adrian smiled warmly, “I do and this afternoon I shall dedicate my life to that very cause.”  
Grenik scoffed, “you are an utter fool!  You abandon your true love, your home, and your family to become a vagabond who preaches nonsense?”  
Adrian laughed gaily, “I suppose you could say that, save for the part about it being nonsense.  It is the very Truth I shall be serving.”  
The young idealist left them to prepare for the Oath-taking while the three laughed much as he walked away.  Then another thought occurred to Grenik, if the boy became entangled in the schemes of the Brethren it would be very difficult to convince him of his own inferiority.  Something would have to be done before he gained too much skill or confidence.  The whole lot of them might be fools, but they were renowned warriors and Grenik was not one to risk unnecessary bodily harm nor could he convince a fool of his own weakness once he had discovered that he might possess certain strengths, or even worse sought strength from a source outside himself.  What Grenik failed to recognize was that the boy had come face to face with his own weaknesses, acknowledged they were too much for him to overcome alone, and now he trusted fully in the Master to help him overcome them.  He did not depend upon himself for strength thus he could not be tormented for his weaknesses, for he now thought little of them save as obstacles to be overcome.
The ecstatic boy, now in the uniform of an apprentice of the Brethren, found them after supper, nearly glowing with joy at what he had found.  This only deepened Grenik’s dislike of the boy.  Not only was he an ignorant and arrogant fool clinging to a deception, but now he would see his weakness as a strength and brag about it to all those unfortunate enough to hear him.  No mere peasant, and an exile at that, had a right to be so happy.  A deep-seated loathing rested like a lump in Grenik’s heart.  What he could not humiliate, humble, or overcome he would destroy.  He would see the boy on his knees in humiliation or he would see him dead.  He told his henchmen of his hatred and his plan.  They smiled viciously though they offered no insight into how the deed might be done or their thoughts on the matter.  They wanted the power that Grenik might give those most faithful to him and did nothing that might upset or displease their master.  They did whatever he told them without question or qualm.  They even did his chores to spare him the tedium and embarrassment: a point that the Lady meant to speak with him upon very shortly.  They retired to their room and he spent much of the night going over his plan with his two minions.  They must act quickly ere Grenik’s wrath cooled, before the Lady dismissed them for unbecoming behavior, and before the boy gained too much confidence and skill or was sent off with a field agent on some fool mission.


Chapter 11

Adrian sat upon a great log beside a spring that gurgled out of the depths of a rocky ledge and fell in many layered cataracts to the pond some twenty feet below.  He was a country boy at heart and sometimes came here after his lessons and chores were finished to escape the hustle and crowds of the city.  He turned his head at the sound of approaching hooves.  Grenik and his minions approached, wearing plain clothes and swords.  Grenik seemed maniacally happy for some reason.  He slid from his horse, drew his sword, and approached Adrian, who had stood at their approach.  
Adrian said, “what is it?  Why are you not in your student uniforms?”  
Grenik growled, “we are no longer students of your beloved Lady.  She was not happy that I allowed others to attend to my chores and asks that I either remedy the matter or leave.  Thus we are leaving, but I could not do so in good conscience without dealing with you first.  You will kneel before me and apologize for your temerity and lack of respect for my position or you will draw your sword and we shall settle this as gentlemen.”  
Adrian was astonished, “there is nothing to settle!  I have never treated you with anything but respect.  I will not kneel to you and neither will I condescend to a duel for so pathetic a reason.”  
Grenik growled, “then you shall die a coward.”  
Adrian said firmly, “it is not cowardice to refuse to exchange blows with a bully.”  
Grenik grinned, “I should have finished this long ago but at last vengeance shall be mine.  This is your last chance, draw your sword!”  
Adrian said, “I will not defend myself, innocent blood will stain your hands.”  
Grenik growled, “you are far from innocent.”  He raised his blade to strike.  Adrian prepared to die.  He knew he could not defend himself against such an experienced foe and drawing his weapon would only legitimize the man’s insanity.
Grenik’s blade struck, but not flesh.  He looked up in horror into the furious eyes of a unicorn.  She had appeared from nowhere, leaping the log, and landing in time to catch Grenik’s blade upon her horn.  Not even he was fool enough to meddle with an enraged unicorn.  He looked to his horse but the beast had fled at the appearance of the unicorn.  He looked to his minions for aid.  One of his minions still fought with his mount to regain control.  He flung himself into the saddle behind the boy desperately trying to control the beast.  Once he was in the saddle, they let the creature have his head and fled with all speed, abandoning the other boy to his fate.  His mount had reared and fallen atop him before struggling to its feet and fleeing, leaving the boy prone on the ground, his leg broken.  The mare looked upon the stricken boy and the fled pair, seemingly pleased with her rescue, she turned to the astonished Adrian and nuzzled him gently, thus forming a bond broken only by death.
Adrian approached the injured boy and said, “your friends have abandoned you.”  
The boy sneered, “so what?  If I am weak enough to fall behind I deserve to be abandoned.  Go ahead, mock me if you will!”  
Adrian looked upon the stricken youth sadly, not knowing quite what to do.  He was astonished to see the seemingly impervious boy weeping, but whether in grief, fear, or pain, Adrian was unsure.  Still in a state of confused agony, Adrian turned once more at the sound of approaching hooves.  The mare whickered a greeting, causing her newfound friend to relax when he realized it was not Grenik returned.  
Jaden rode into the little glade, dismounted, and said, “what is going on?  My mount was frantic that something was amiss and insisted we come here immediately.”  Jaden looked at the mare in some amusement.  She whickered happily.  He laughed, “it seems you have found yourself quite a protective matron.”  Adrian shared his smile and quickly told his tale.  Jaden shook his head in disbelief, “will they ever learn?  Come, we had best attend to your friend.”  They fashioned a splint out of strips of cloth and some roughly cut branches, crude but it was enough to safely transport the boy to the city without further injury to the leg.  He said nothing but silent tears streamed down his cheeks.  The leg was more professionally attended to and the boy made comfortable.  Adrian was set to watch him while Jaden and the Lady conferred about the incident.  
When they were alone, Adrian asked of the boy, “why do you weep?”  
The boy started, not expecting to be addressed so in his grief.  He thought to snub Adrian, but there was such gentleness and concern in his voice that he felt he must open up to him or burst with grief.  He said, “I stood by and watched as Grenik intended to humiliate, if not murder you.  I was opposed to such a show but had not the heart to stand against him.  All my devotion and work on his behalf counts for nothing.  In my moment of need he abandoned me and my enemies attended to my wounds while he took the opportunity to flee.”
Adrian said quietly, “why continue in his service if you despise him and his ways so much?”  
The boy said, “I had thought him my friend and was willing to suffer much abuse for that notion, but more so my mother is a poor widow and I thought to gain power and riches through my dedicated service to such a man to provide for her and my younger siblings, but now I discover I am naught but a tool.”  He wept at the thought of having suddenly lost all he once cherished.  
Adrian said, “it was a noble ideal that drove you on but nothing of value can come through service to such an ignoble cause.”  
The boy said miserably, “only too late I come to realize that.  I thought to hate you as Grenik did but could never understand what drove him to such rage.  I think he misunderstands you and all you stand for.  Secretly he must desire that character which you display unconsciously and this drives him nearly mad with envy.  In all things he will have his way or else.  What shall come of me?”  
“That is an excellent question,” said the Lady, standing in the doorway.  Adrian stood and gave a mortified bow.  Jaden stood at the Lady’s shoulder, nearly betraying his amusement at the boy’s discomfiture.  The Lady continued, “you stood aside and were a willing accomplice to murder.  Thankfully nothing worse than your injury came of it.  What have you to say for yourself?”  
The boy sighed and said, “I can give no defense for my lack of fortitude.  Lady, do with me as justice demands.”  
The Lady seemed strangely pleased, “then here is my decision.  Since you are incapable of any great journey at the moment you are stuck with us for a time.  I want you to continue to attend classes, as your leg allows, and this time listen with an open heart.  Perhaps you can find some honorable purpose for your life?”
The boy stared at her in disbelief, “you would allow me to stay, even when I would stand by and allow one of your servants to be murdered?”  
The Lady laughed, “I am afraid that forgiveness is a failing common to the Brethren and you must learn to endure it as much as we.”  
The boy said, “but how can this be?”  
The Lady smiled, “for the Master has forgiven each of us, therefore we must also forgive others as well as ourselves.  You have learned your lesson I think and your injury is punishment enough for your offense.  Now find something useful to do with your life.”  
She left the room, Jaden followed, leaving the boys to exchange an amazed look.  The injured boy said, “what just happened?”  
Adrian laughed, “I believe that was called grace.”  They exchanged a grin and thus began their friendship.  
They set the injured student on a sofa in the back of a certain room and he learned whatever it was that the various teachers that cycled through that room throughout the day felt inclined to teach.  Each evening, Adrian would bring dinner to his injured friend and they would eat together as one or the other read from a book, discussed some point of learning from their daily lessons, or simply enjoyed a friendly chat.  The leg healed slowly but soon enough, Darik was able to hobble about with the aid of crutches and eventually he was finally able to use the leg unaided.  He never regained full use of the leg, for it still ached when the weather changed and he had a slight limp for the rest of his life, but otherwise he made a full recovery, most especially his heart.  What had begun in misery and dejection ended in a grateful and humble spirit.  It was not long before he requested of the Lady if he might be allowed to join the ranks of the Brethren.  Darik and Adrian were now more Brothers than they had ever dreamed possible.  Jaden was quite surprised to find himself with two apprentices not long after the boy was fully recovered.

“We are going where?” asked Adrian of Jaden as they rode north from Astoria upon their first mission.  
Jaden laughed, “where we are headed does not really have a name.  We are headed for the swamps to the north of the forested edge of the Northern Wilds.”  
Darik made a face, “why would any sane person wish to go there?”  
Jaden grinned, “that is what I plan to ask these bandits once we have them in hand.  There is a horde of fifty or so bandits holed up in that dreadful country and no one has thus far been able to root them out.  We are to deal with the problem as we may.”  
Adrian gasped, “how are we to take on fifty bandits alone?”  
Jaden smiled, “we are not alone.  Jaran has infiltrated the group and will assist as he is able.”  
Darik snorted, “lovely, I feel much more confident about the odds now.”  
Jaden laughed, “welcome to the Messengers!  It is not too late to beg entrance to the Philosophers if you are having second thoughts.  The Master will provide a way or we shall die trying.”  The boys exchanged a nervous smile but did not seem any less eager to face the adventure before them.  Jaden smiled, catching their enthusiasm.
While bandits were common enough in the Wilds it was quite uncommon for a horde this large to escape justice for so long but they had chosen their hideout well.  A large force of men unfamiliar with the treacherous terrain could not come at them unawares yet they could come out and terrorize where and when they would.  How four were to overcome fifty, Jaden did not know but he trusted to the Master to provide a solution.  They rode on into the land of much rumor, legend, and myth.  It was a place of strange, sometimes monstrous, creatures and a dismal and treacherous landscape.
A perpetual gray fog hovered over the seemingly endless swamp; when the fog lifted the sky was ever overcast with clouds only a hands-breadth above a man’s head.  When the sun did shine, it was weak and vapid, as if it were only a sickly mirage of its glory elsewhere.  It was a land of vast stretches of marsh, countless ponds, stagnating rivers, ghostly trees with branches that grasped like skeletal arms, and a place where every kind of slime, ooze, mold, algae, fungus, and moss flourished.  The terrible growths covered rocks, trees, and even the surface of the ponds.  Insects of all sizes, and in great hordes, were ravenous for the blood of men but spared the unicorns for some reason.  The ground itself was ever saturated, squelching under the hooves of the unicorns but often they had no choice but to wade or even swim as the soggy ground suddenly gave way to mire or pond or the hidden channel of some river.  Reeds, sedges, and a variety of grasses grew thick and spread forever in every direction.  
A plethora of life lurked at all levels in the vast and verdant swamp.  Strange insects and birds sang and called from every level of the flora.  Herbivores of all shapes and sizes grazed or browsed on the abundant growth.  They in turn were preyed upon by a terrible array of predators including lurkers, goblins, and equally horrible creatures to which men had never given a name.  Not all the sights in that dismal place were terrible.  Adrian was delighted to catch a rare glimpse of the diminutive Starbok one night as they sat in camp.  A little male with an ebony coat came out of the undergrowth and bleated bravely.  An answering call came and his challenger appeared.  Each had tiny glowing flecks spotting his back like so many stars peeping out of the infinite night.  They approached, locked their spike horns, and began a shoving match as a trio of mahogany females looked on.  The females had stripes of black upon their backs and legs.  One of them gave a startled bark and suddenly all vanished again into the weeds.
The swamps were vast and the fiends could be anywhere, but Jaran’s mount kept them apprised of their location.  Wishing he knew more, Jaden was only too happy to stop at the first human habitation they had seen in many days to ask questions.  It was a hovel that one would not find out of place in the gloomy surroundings.  Its owner was of an equal disposition.  It was truly a witch, happy to live away from the rest of humanity and dabble in her own arcane secrets.  She could sense something she did not like in her guests, not that she liked guests much anyway but something about them just felt wrong.  She scoffed upon hearing their errand and said, “you three are going to dismantle the bandit gang?  As much as I would hope for your success, are you not being a bit idealistic in thinking to vanquish nearly twenty times your own number of foes?”  
Jaden laughed, “we shall attempt this folly as you call it or die trying.  Can you tell us anything that might avail us?”  
The witch snorted, “I would not usually help men of your questionable quality, but the bandits are a nuisance and I will happily aid you if it means I get my swamp to myself once more.  I thought myself the only one fool enough to live in such a place.  Overt force will not work but perhaps you can use the reputation of the swamps to your benefit?  Any who dwell here for any length of time are either firm in their spiritual beliefs or are soon driven nearly mad with superstition.  These bandits must be very wary of all the things that go bump in the night and all the worse things of which the bumpers are only the vanguard.  Thirty of the rogues go raiding for a few weeks at a time, leaving twenty or so to mind the camp.  These excursions are all that keep them sane I think, whereas you and I are quite firm in our differing beliefs and are not afraid of such illogicities.”  They thanked her for her aid and wound deeper into the swamps, wondering what to make of her odd suggestion.
Jaran’s mount warned their own unicorns to be careful, for danger was near.  Jaran drew closer by the moment with three other men from the bandit camp as part of a patrol.  The three Brethren drew off what little trail there was and vanished into the deep grass.  One of the men glimpsed some part of them and yelled a warning.  The battle was short and the three bandits slain.  Jaran exchanged eager greetings with his friend and the rest of his comrades, but said, “it will look odd if I return the only survivor of this encounter and I would not have them the wiser that they are not alone in the swamps, but if the patrol does not return or if I return alone, they shall certainly suspect something.  What are we to do?”  
Jaden smiled and said, “we are going to haunt the swamps and destroy your bandits with fear.”  
Jaran gave him an odd look but suddenly comprehension dawned and he smiled eagerly, “that is an excellent idea.”  
Jaden said, “first I must know if there are any innocents within their ranks or those undeserving of death.”  
Jaran shook his head sadly, “they are all here by choice and are the most dreadful collection of reprobates I have ever had the misfortune to ride with.  I could not go on much longer without breaking Oath or rousing their suspicions.  We should give them the chance to repent but I doubt anyone will listen.”  
Jaden nodded grimly, hoping his insane plan would not get them all killed.  There were only about twenty men in the camp after the loss of the patrol, that alone would get them to wondering.  They must get this bunch so worked up that they were ready to mutiny or run by the time the others returned.  They had three days by Jaran’s calculation.  They loosed the horses of the slain patrol and hoped they would make their way back to the bandit camp; Jaran’s mount went with them.  They began to plot how to so spook the bandits that they might cause their own downfall in a panic, mutiny, or stampede.  
Adrian had discovered the source of one of the many horrible noises that seemed ever to haunt the swamps.  The male of a certain chicken-like bird species could wail, scream, keen, and otherwise utter noises to horrify human sensibilities but which somehow proved attractive to the female of the species.  If two such males were placed within hearing of one another the effect was truly terrifying as each tried to out moan the other.  The birds were easy to catch at night when they roosted in the short bushes that frequented their preferred habitat.  The bandits had chosen a place to hide that was heavily forested and a bit drier, whereas the mournful birds favored the nearly treeless, swampy grasslands that stretched for endless miles to the north, thus the bandits were not aware of the bizarre fowl.  Darik was pleased to discover some phosphorescent fungus growing in the hollow of a dying tree.  With these oddities and what supplies they had with them they plotted the overthrow of the bandit camp.  The return of four riderless horses made the bandits uneasy and there was talk of sending out another patrol, but as no one wanted to volunteer for such a doomed mission, they contented themselves with waiting for their enemies to fall upon them if they were foolish enough.  The horses, including the unicorn, were put on the picket lines and the bandits went back to their regular duties, but not without much uneasy murmuring among themselves.
Night fell and each of the apprentices took one of the horrifically vocal fowl in a roughly made cage and mounted their unicorns.  They went to opposite sides of the camp but nothing happened.  The birds were reluctant to call in their captivity.  Finally, Adrian made a strangled wailing noise, which roused the ardor of his captive, which replied in kind, beginning the battle of the birds.  The cacophony of wails and shrieks made the edgy bandits even more antsy.  Fearing all his men might mutiny out of fear, the leader forced two men each to ride in either direction to investigate the disturbance.  The Brethren easily overcame the terrified scouts and they never came back, but the unicorns screamed as terrified horses might and this only heightened the haunting wails from the birds.  It was enough to raise the hair on everyone’s neck, even those who knew better.  No one slept that night, but in the morning the leader was determined to ride out and see what danger was stalking their camp.  All the bandits chose to go, fearing to be left alone in the camp.  This of course was a perfect opportunity for the Brethren to invade the camp and leave a few useful artifacts lying about, including a gaping goblin skull in the tent of the leader.  They had discovered a cave full of old bones that had long since been abandoned by whatever predator had once laired therein.  They each grabbed an armful and strewed them about the camp.
The bandits found no clues as to the source of the haunting noises or to the fate of their missing comrades.  They returned to their camp to find the bones and nearly half the men panicked, only threats of imminent death kept them from abandoning the camp completely.  They very nearly mutinied and their leader was hardly holding things together when the balance of the bandits returned.  The returning bandit king was not happy to learn that eight of his men had disappeared and that the rest were very nearly mad with fright.  He scoffed, “this is ridiculous!  We have been here for months, what has changed now?  Why are the swamp spirits suddenly angry at our presence when they did not care before?  You are men, not sheep!  Act like it.”  
The men were not calmed and their anxiety and stories became disquiet thoughts tormenting the minds of the returned thieves.  They sent out several patrols but the Brethren easily avoided them and waited for night to come.  Again the haunting cries of the captive fowl filled the night.  The very air seemed to quiver with menace (an effect the Brethren could not immediately explain), when a ghastly glowing figure upon a pale but luminescent horse rode into the midst of the camp.  Jaran was easily recognizable as having once numbered among them.  He had smeared the glowing fungus all over his skin and clothes and now much of him glowed and the rest was cast into gloomy shadow, enhanced in places with the application of the ubiquitous brown scum of the swamp.  He looked some disquiet ghost risen from his grave come to terrorize the living.  He had borrowed Jaden’s mount for the occasion as his yet lingered among the bandit horses.  The creature looked itself like something three days dead but also glowed with a wan light.  
Before the arrival of the wraith, Jaran’s mount let his true scent waft through the tethered horses and they began to whinny and pace in fear.  Some began to rear.  The bandits had not been able to sleep with the wailing of the birds and rushed out to quiet the horses, half terrified to find some undead creature come to claim their souls.  They were not far wrong.  They froze in terror as Jaran rode into the camp and said in a moaning and agonized voice, “ware all ye murderers and thieves!  Woe to all who prey upon the weak and despoil the innocent!  Death has come upon thee; this very night it stalks your souls.  Weep and wail in repentance ere it falls upon you!  Who can stand the coming of justice?  Who will survive the wrath come upon the unrighteous?  Woe to ye, murderers and traitors!  You have been warned!  Weep for your very souls…”  
He trailed off as the horses began screaming in earnest, pulling at their ropes, and breaking loose.  The unicorn among them had taken on the scent of a dragon and acted wild with terror, which was enough to inspire the same in his companions.  The bandits were distracted by the ruckus, allowing Jaran to make his escape.  As soon as they were safely within the woods, he wrapped a dark cloak about himself and his mount veiled himself in the night.  By now the horses had nearly all broken loose and fled madly into the darkness.  The bandits were nearly mad with panic themselves.  They had recognized the eerie messenger, which only made things worse.  Were they doomed likewise to such a restless death?  They turned to their leaders and begged to be allowed to flee.  The bandit king was not so convinced but grew angry at the madness that had fallen equally upon his men and horses.  
He screamed, “if this cursed ghost does not kill you, I will you cowards and fools!”  This was too much, the desperate men drew their swords and fell upon those who might bar their way.  Soon the whole camp was consumed in violence, the survivors fled blindly into the night and fell into the sinkholes and watery pits that riddled the forest, drowning in their flight.  Thus did the bandits destroy themselves.  The menacing throb ceased as the last of the bandits fled madly, the Brethren emerged from the woods to inspect the camp.  The bandits were all dead or fled.  Suddenly another presence made itself known.  They drew their swords but relaxed when they recognized the hag in their midst.  
She laughed, “that was quite the show, I especially like the woeful messenger!  Excellent!  That menacing throb was my own addition, though you four do not seem too impressed.”  
Jaden shook his head, “who ever thought we could have a common cause?  I greatly urge you to rethink your choice of masters, but I am sure you are well aware of the arguments for and against your choice.”  
She nodded and said, “I am content.  Now go away and leave me and my swamp to ourselves.”  The Brethren exchanged a smile, but left swiftly that they might oblige the lady.


Chapter 12

As they made their way south out of the dismal marshes, their hearts rejoiced again to be in less boggy terrain; though wilderness still, it seemed a very garden after the vast and weedy expanse of the boglands.  As they drew ever closer to the lands of men their spirits lifted further, as if they had wandered long in a haunted netherworld of superstition and myth where men were a fable but all else might be true.  They began to understand how the hearts and minds of the bandits could be so easily driven to thoughts of ghosts, monsters, and disquiet things in the night.  The Brethren feared no such evil for they knew the Truth, though strange and terrible things did inhabit the world, they knew that the Master was sovereign over all and they had no need to fear in the end.  
They were near the borders of Cantara as they came south and Jaden said to his two apprentices, “perhaps you would enjoy a brief stop among your own kin?”  
Adrian smiled, “am I allowed to enter my former habitations, banished as I am?”  
Jaden smiled, “that was no official banishment and your former lord need not fear for the heart of his lady.  I think there is no harm in a short visit.  What of you Darik?”  
Darik was startled, “I do not know if my mother would count it bane or blessing.  I somehow fear I have failed her but I would hope she would be proud of me.  I fear her reaction but I should visit her while we are nigh.”  Thus they agreed and turned their path in a more westerly direction, veering towards the province that had once been home in what seemed a very different lifetime.
As they approached the border of that land, they were surprised to find a half dozen soldiers blocking the path.  They loosed their swords in their scabbards at the appearance of four armed men and rode forward to meet the strangers with confidence.  The captain said, “you had best turn west and enter Cantara by another road.  There is civil unrest in this province and we are not allowing anyone to pass save on a vital errand for the Queen.”  
Jaden said, “what kind of civil unrest?”  
The captain did not seem pleased to be so questioned but answered, “the local lord’s brother is causing something of a stir and until the matter is settled we do not need outsiders, especially mercenaries coming to his aid.”  
Jaden asked, “has there been open fighting?”  
The soldier said, “there has not been a battle as it were but there have been clashes between the local militia and the rebels.  They also raid farms and villages, occasionally killing those that resist.  It is not yet a civil war but things grow more tense by the day and I think the rebels grow bolder.  It will not be long before they try something on a grander scale.  We cannot allow outsiders or those that might aid the rebels to pass.  You had best be on your way.”  
Jaran asked, “have you asked Astoria for aid?”  
The captain gave him an odd look, “why would that matter?  Her Majesty has sent word to the Lady in hopes of obtaining help in settling this ordeal peaceably, but it will be weeks before help can arrive and by then it might be too late.”
Jaden said, “perhaps we can be of service?  We ride for the Lady, though we are not come for this particular errand.  The two boys grew up in the area and we thought to visit their kin ere we returned home.”  
The captain gaped, “and what business did you have in the north?  There is nothing that way except endless miles of swamp which is said to be infested with bandits of late.”  
Jaran grinned, “you need not fear the bandits any longer.  It was our duty to end that threat and that have we accomplished.”  
The captain seemed impressed, “well, if you can finish a horde of bandits, a little rebellion should not be so great a challenge.  As long as you promise not to aid the rebels I think I can let you pass.”  
Adrian asked, “who is leading the rebellion?”  
The captain said, “the Lord Calyon’s younger brother called Grenik.”  
Adrian shook his head, “I always feared he would choose an ill future.”  
The captain said, “you know him?”  
Adrian smiled grimly, “it was he that drove me from home for fear of my life before the lord was married, then he was his brother’s dearest henchmen.  What happened after?”  
The captain said, “Lord Calyon sent him to Astoria in hopes he might learn something of use.  He returned not long after in a foul mood and not willing to aid his brother any longer.  We think he then bided his time and built up a following for this little coup he is attempting.  One day he stormed from his brother’s presence, gathered his faithful, and vanished into the woodlands.  He sends threatening letters and occasionally rallies the peasants in one place or another.  The peasants seem content with their current lord and most ignore his passionate demands for change.  As I said, the extent of their violence has been against the local guard and they are more interested in theft than murder, but I fear that might change.”
Jaden said, “how does the Queen feel about the matter?”  
The captain said, “she has sent some of her soldiers to guard the border crossings but for now she is willing to watch and wait, leaving it to Calyon to deal with.  But if his brother becomes too bold she may step in but doing so will weaken Calyon’s power over his people and may encourage others to rebel.”  
Suddenly bowstrings sang and arrows flew.  The two elder Brethren and the guards drew their swords as a small band of rebels made to fall upon them.  Jaden said to his two apprentices before battle was met, “you two ride home and see if you cannot help end this rebellion.  We shall join you when we may.”  
He turned his mount and they leapt into the fray.  The two apprentices hated fleeing a battle but they had no choice but to heed Jaden’s command.  They rode hard and soon left the fight far behind.  Adrian turned his mount towards his family’s farm and Darik followed without question, as his mother would not be of much help in answering their questions.  As evening fell they rode into the farmyard.  The house was eerily quiet and no light of fire or candle cheered the vacant windows.  The dogs barked but no sign of living men was seen.  Adrian’s heart sank to think he had come too late to save his family from such a fate.  His mare heard some noise and turned her attention towards the barn.  An arrow whistled through the air and landed in the dirt at the mare’s feet.  She reared and screamed a challenge.  
A nervous but firm voice demanded, “there are more where that came from; we intended to miss.  Be gone and we will spare your lives.  There is nothing here for you.  We are loyal men to Lord Calyon and wish nothing to do with you or your miserable schemes.”  A smile split Adrian’s face and he slid from his saddle, keeping his hands well away from his sword.  He walked towards the barn and another arrow landed in front of him.  The voice said, “are you suicidal or just foolish?  This is your last warning!”  
Adrian could hardly contain a laugh of joy but said, “is this any way to welcome home your errant son?”  
A lantern was lit and a quizzical looking man crept out of the shadows of the barn door, “Adrian?  What are you doing here in the middle of the night in what might very well become a war?  You scared us half to death!”  Adrian laughed as his father ran to embrace him.  His little brother, now not so little, crept cautiously out into the farmyard and eagerly greeted his brother once he recognized him.  
Adrian said, “where are mother and the girls?”  
His father smiled, “they are hiding but I think they have heard us.”  He was quite right as there suddenly came to their ears a great shrieking but of excitement rather than fear.  His mother had tears in her eyes and she embraced her missing son.  She looked him over and was contented that at least he had not been ill fed in his time away.  He introduced Darik and they made their way to the house where they might sit and talk.  Darik was a bit reluctant to meet again those he had once threatened but in the dark outside they did not recognize him.  Inside might be another matter.  His mother drew the shutters and then lit a few candles.  
Adrian said, “are things that bad?  We just crossed the border this morning.  Our companions and the Queen’s guards were suddenly attacked by what must have been a band of rebels and we were sent ahead to help as we can.”  
Adrian’s father said, “things are sporadically dangerous but I would not yet say they are bad, but the longer this goes on the more desperate Grenik may become.  They raid farms and the villages for supplies but as long as no one makes a fuss they refrain from violence, at least for now.  They are continually recruiting but there are few who are willing to aid in such a fiasco as most are loyal to Lord Calyon.  Some of the younger boys have odd notions of glory and have joined the cause but most of us are unwilling to do such a thing.  The Lord has increased recruitment into the guard and there are occasional clashes with the rebels but he has yet to make a concerted effort to hunt down his brother.  Most of us are wary of strangers and noises in the night and take precautions as you saw tonight.  Now what of you and your adventures since you left home?  You seem to be faring well, you are at least less quiet than you were a year gone.”  
Adrian was about to answer when his youngest sister shrieked, “it is him!  He is one of the villains that made Adrian go away!”  She stared in horror at Darik, who looked utterly mortified.  The rest of the family suddenly recognized the boy and drew away in fear.
Adrian said quietly, “much has changed in the last year, including hearts.”  His family looked skeptical but eyed the boy curiously.  To their astonishment, he went to one knee before them with bowed head.  
Sorrow was strong in his voice as he said, “please forgive my actions when last we met.  I was wrongheaded to say the least.  I could not agree with what we did, but feared Grenik too much to make my rebellious thoughts known.  I joined him for what I thought was a good reason but now I realize it was all selfishness and folly.  I dearly regret hurting you and yours and beg your forgiveness for my foolish deeds.  Your son has been a dearer friend to me than I could ever have asked, even though we threatened his life on more than one occasion.  It was he that taught me the folly of my thinking and he that showed me the Master could forgive even such a fool as I.”  
Adrian’s father said, “I am not sure I can believe what I am hearing but the truth is strong in your words.  That day forever scarred my family but perhaps the memory shall fade in our knowing that at least one of those villains is a villain no more.  I will not hold that day against you, especially against a man who can admit when he is wrong.”  Darik looked up and hope shone strong in his eyes.  The family resumed their seats and Adrian’s mother went so far as to hug her former foe; there were tears of joy in her eyes.  After that, they treated the boy as another son, much to his great joy.  Adrian’s father smiled, “now you were saying?”
Adrian returned the smile and said, “I left in company with one of the Brethren and by the time we reached Astoria I had decided to join their ranks.  I have spent the time since learning many things and have just now finished my first mission as one of their number.  Darik is also one of my comrades and a dear friend.  Two of our elder comrades, in whose keeping we currently find ourselves, remain at the border to aid the guards.  I pray they return safely that we may soon end this conflict.  What of Grenik?”  
His father said, “I always thought you would take up where I left off but I see you have found your true calling.  I can be proud of you even if you are no farmer.  As for Grenik, he sneaks about through the woods and never stays long in one place.  I think soon he will make a move against his brother and then we shall see.  I do not look forward to that day.  What do you hope to accomplish here?”  
Adrian shook his head, “I do not know?  I am but an apprentice and at a loss without the leadership of my mentor.  But we will see what the morrow brings and if Jaden does not return we shall do what we can.  Our hope is to end this conflict peaceably.”  
His father whistled, knowing that would be difficult for anyone, especially so young a man.  Suddenly the dogs set to barking and the unicorns alerted their masters to strangers in the farmyard.  His father grabbed an ancient looking club and the women made ready to flee.  The two apprentices reached for their swords but Adrian’s father herded them into the back room with his wife and daughters.
Adrian whispered, “there are two men, both armed with swords.  They have the look of messengers rather than men intent on violence.”  
His father gave him an odd look but said, “be ready to come to my aid should things go ill.”  The boys nodded grimly and watched intently from the shadows of the doorway of the backroom.  A great pounding sounded at the door and it swung open to reveal two armed men.  They glanced around suspiciously and then growled at the farmer, “you and all your kin are to report tomorrow at noon to the village green.”  
“Why?” asked the terrified man.  
The ruffian cuffed him for his insolence and said, “Lord Grenik is about to make his official claim to leadership of the province and you and all your folk are going to stand witness on such a momentous occasion.  Any who fail to comply will sorely regret it.”  They withdrew and the door banged shut.  The farmer rubbed his aching jaw and exchanged a curious look with his son.  
He said, “it seems you may have to act sooner than you thought.  We had best get some sleep and see what the morrow brings.  I hope you are up to facing two dozen men, that is the approximate number of those loyal to Grenik.”  Adrian could only shake his head.  He and Darik exchanged a concerned look but knew they would do what they must.  They just hoped Jaden and Jaran would return by then.
Morning came swiftly and the family and the two Brethren prepared for the momentous day.  The two boys hid their faces deep within a pair of hooded cloaks lest Grenik recognize them.  They and Adrian’s father secreted their weapons about their persons.  Adrian’s brother tucked his bow away among his mother’s baggage, which contained the food she planned to bring for the event.  She figured there was no need to starve even if their doom was certain.  The family loaded itself into a wagon and the two Brethren rode alongside.  There was no word from Jaden and Jaran, perhaps they would meet in the village.  The village was the largest and most central of those in the province and it was a sensible gathering place for such an event.  Adrian wondered what kind of an event the rebels had planned and how it would ensure Grenik’s right to rule.  Would not this be an opportune moment to end the rebellion for good?  
Adrian asked of his father, “why has Calyon been reluctant to end this threat to his rule?”  
His father said, “I cannot be sure but I think he hopes to find a way to reconcile with his brother.  His brother may be a sworn enemy but they are still brothers and to Calyon at least that would still mean something.”  
Adrian then asked, “how fares Kallia?”  
His father smiled gently and said, “you can see she at least respects her husband and I think she grows fonder of him by the day.  She has done much to temper his unbending thirst for absolute justice.  He now considers the circumstances surrounding a situation and the hearts of those involved when rendering judgment rather than simply following the letter of the law.  She has done much to advance the cause of the commoners and we love her all the more for it.”  He asked, “how do you fare?”  
Adrian smiled sadly, “she has her duty and I have mine.  I am happy that she is serving her people and has found a man whom she can at least respect.  How does he feel about her?”  
His father said, “he loves her deeply and treats her well.”  
Adrian smiled, “I do not rue my decision and greatly respect hers.  I will always love her but now as a brother and a friend rather than as a suitor.”  
His father smiled proudly, “you are a nobler man than many.  If only more people had such integrity.”  
They traveled on in silence and came to the village about midmorning.  There were rebel guards posted on the main road entering the village and they thoroughly searched everyone and all their baggage.  Even their daggers were taken and placed in a great pile to one side of the road.  Once they were unarmed, the guards impatiently waved them through.  They parked the wagon within sight of a platform that had been erected in the night for the day’s proceedings.  The horses were led off to one side and the wagon became seating for many of their neighbors and the uneasy townsfolk.  No one had any idea what would happen and as the day wore on more and more folk arrived.  Shortly before noon, Lord Calyon himself appeared.
He came in a carriage with his wife, protected by a dozen armed guards.  He emerged from the vehicle and spoke for all to hear, “I am come as promised that perhaps this conflict might be ended.  I expect my brother to hold to his part of the bargain and refrain from violence for the duration of the day, no matter how it ends.”  
Grenik and his own dozen armed men suddenly emerged from the inn and he said, “I will abide by my side of the agreement.  Let this be ended between us and let the more fit man rule.”  
Calyon said, “and what is it you are suggesting?”  
Grenik mounted the platform and ten of his guards stood about the base ready for business.  Two disappeared again into the inn and reappeared with a struggling child between them.  The audience gasped.  Adrian thought the child was Kallia’s youngest sister.  He looked upon his former love; tears and horror were plain in her eyes.  His heart clenched at her anguish.  The child was forced atop the platform and held firmly by the guards.  
Once everyone was placed to his satisfaction, Grenik said, “now let us see just how noble our dear lord is.  Personally, I think him too weak to rule.  This child is of course the sister of his beloved wife.  Now let us see if he will do what he must or if his own pathetic feelings have ruined him.  A lord must be hard hearted at times and not prone to fits of whimsy.  His wife has corrupted him and thus I can no longer respect him and long to replace him.  Let the matter be this day decided.  We shall have an auction, as it were, and the winner (or loser) will decide the fate of the child and the province.  I will kill the child if no one is willing to die in her stead, but if there is so noble a volunteer they will inherit the same fate; I get to choose if I will allow someone to take the current victim’s place.  If, in the end, I kill my brother, then I will inherit his rule, if he stands his ground and refuses to yield simply for the life of a peasant, I shall withdraw and trouble him no more.  Understood?”
There were murmurs of horror and astonishment but no one raised any questions.  Grenik smiled horribly and said, “then let the auction begin.  Who will die in the stead of this little one?”  Kallia wasted no time in rushing to the platform to save her sister though her husband and his guards did their best to stop her.  She gave them such a miserable look that they could not refuse her.  Grenik helped her on to the stage and laughed, “excellent, I will take your life in exchange for the child’s, release her.”  The girl was ungently lowered to the ground where she rushed into the arms of her grief-stricken mother.  “Now,” said Grenik in great delight, “is any worthy person willing to die instead of our dearest Lady Kallia?  I will not let just anyone die in her place.”  Several of the townsfolk tried to volunteer but Grenik ignored them; he watched his anguished brother with the pitiless gaze of a hawk.  
Finally Calyon lost the battle with his heart and walked towards the platform and said, “spare my wife.  You may do with me as you wish.”  
Grenik smiled triumphantly, “excellent, I have no interest in the wench.  Now my victory is assured!  You are as pathetic as I had hoped.  I doubt there is anyone here that I would accept in exchange for you.  I hope you are ready to die.”  
“What about me?” asked Adrian, making his way to the front and dropping his hood.  
Grenik looked upon his old foe in astonishment, “you want to trade places with the man who stole your beloved?  Why should I accept a pathetic wretch like you when I have the rule of the province already in my hand?”  
Adrian said, “you once challenged a helpless boy to a duel but were thwarted in your efforts.  Would you even now refuse him?”  
Grenik brightened, “you want to fight for the life of this fool?”  
Adrian said, “I am now willing to face you in single combat to spare the life of this man.”  
Grenik said, “if you lose I yet claim his life and the rule of the province.”  
Adrian said, “then I had best not suffer defeat.”  
Grenik smiled eagerly, at last the foolish boy would find himself humiliated before the entire province and thus Grenik would be vindicated.  He smiled and said, “then I accept your offer.”  
Adrian said, “if you lose your followers must agree to disband and go home peacefully.”  
Grenik laughed, “they shall do as you say but I do not think it even a remote possibility.”  
He chased the guards and Kallia from the stage and had his men return Adrian’s sword.  Kallia fell into the arms of her husband and wept in relief and horror.  She could not watch the fight.  Jaden rode into the village with two of the Queen’s soldiers in tow.  He found Darik and looked with horror at what his other apprentice was about to do.  Jaden’s arm hung limply but otherwise he seemed in good health.  Darik asked, “what happened at the border?”  
Jaden said, “we drove the rebels back but four of the Queen’s guards and Jaran fell in the fighting.  What is Adrian doing?”  
Darik said sadly, “hoping to end the rebellion.  If he wins it is finished, if he dies Grenik can proceed as he pleases.”  
Adrian’s father asked, “can Adrian best him?”  
Jaden said grimly, “perhaps.  He has had the best training Astoria can offer and has a natural talent, but Grenik has had years of formal training and much practice.  It will be close.”
The pair bowed formally to each other and then began to circle, exchanging a few half-hearted blows to judge the other’s skill, speed, and timing.  Then they launched into a full-blown assault.  Adrian was good, but Grenik was better.  He glanced at Kallia and saw the horror on her face.  He then looked to her husband and thought of the grief his death would bring and the tyranny Grenik would wreak upon his people.  He knew what he had to do and asked the Master for the strength to go through with it.  Jaden saw the concentration on his apprentice’s brow turn to grim determination and wept in grief when he realized what the boy intended.  He had done the same twenty years ago to end a similar threat to his own people.  The boy struck at his foe but intentionally left his flank unprotected.  Grenik, never imagining that Adrian or anyone else was capable of such an act, fell into the trap.  He drove home his blade with a triumphant grin, before falling to his knees as Adrian drove his own sword into Grenik’s now unprotected chest.  The man groaned and fell to one side, his sword still buried in Adrian’s side.  
Grenik groaned, “you cheated…who won?”  
Adrian smiled through the pain, barely able to stay upright and said, “I did not cheat, I took a chance and it paid off.  We will both die, but you have lost all claims on your brother and his rule, for you cannot rule when dead.”  
Grenik lay gasping for air but no one came rushing to his aid.  His followers slowly melted into the crowd and quietly vanished from Cantara ere they could be punished for rebellion.  The heart had gone out of their rebellious spirit with the imminent demise of their leader.
Kallia, Calyon, Adrian’s family, Darik, and Jaden all ran to the side of the stricken Adrian, who had finally collapsed with weakness and pain.  His unicorn came running but he forbid her from sacrificing her life for his.  She whinnied miserably but obeyed his last command.  
Kallia had tears of grief and pride in her eyes as she looked down upon her dying love.  She said gently, “you have never been my husband nor can you ever be but you have shown me what it is to be loved.  Ever have you loved me, even at greatest cost to yourself.”  
Adrian smiled weakly and said, “weep not lady, for you have found a valiant and worthy man, one who is willing to die for you but also one who will live faithfully by your side.  This is perhaps the greatest gift I can bestow upon you.  I wish you joy!”  
Lord Calyon said, “how is it you would exchange your life for mine when it was I that parted you from that which you loved most?”  
Adrian said, “there is a higher love than that between a man and a woman which is the Master’s love for each of us and the love He would have us give to all our fellow men.  Seek the Master, love Kallia, and rule your people well…”  He trailed off and said no more.  
Grenik watched his nemesis die and barely clung to life himself.  He laughed scornfully, “noble words but he is still dead.  He could never understand what was truly important in life.  I think I begin to understand why I hated him so…I never understood how he could find joy in the midst of sorrow, pain, and humiliation.  He is a fool, a mad fool!  And now he is dead.”
Calyon knelt beside his dying brother and said, “will you even now reject all for which your foe stood?  The very thing for which he was willing to die?”  
Grenik coughed and said, “why should I die a pathetic wretch like him?  I will die as I lived: strong.  I am no simpering weakling like you and your precious Brethren.  I have my pride.”  
Darik stood nearby and said, “and it is your pride that will spell your eternal ruin unless you humble yourself before the Master.”  
Grenik scoffed, “Darik?  I had thought you fled in humiliation or that perhaps the Brethren had done away with you for your crimes against their own.  Do not tell me you have joined ranks with the fools?”  
Jaden clapped the boy on the back and said, “I am proud to call him Brother.  You would be wise to listen to him.”  
Grenik laughed painfully, “keep your precious Master.  I am my own man, not the lapdog of some all powerful being.”  A fit of coughing wracked his body, he groaned, and lay still.  
Kallia wept more for the wretched end of her brother-in-law than for the death of Adrian.  Adrian’s family was proud but grief-stricken at his fall.  Jaden buried two friends that day.  Calyon was humbled by Adrian’s valor and horrified at his brother’s stubbornness and proud heart.  Ever afterwards he strove to be a man worthy of Kallia’s regard.  His son and heir was named in Adrian’s honor.


Book III



Chapter 1

Like distant thunder, the hooves of the great stallion trampled the ground as he ran though each hoof lingered barely a moment on the earth, giving the impression that the beast was flying rather than galloping across the roads and fields.  His rider felt the wondrous power in the great muscles of his mount and stayed in the saddle with an ease that spoke of long practice.  Occasionally the great beast did take to the air, if only for a moment as they leapt any log, fence, or ditch that dared bar their way.  Village girls swooned at their passing, flocks of geese scattered before them with much angry and panicked honking, little boys looked on enviously, and old men shook their heads thinking it all foolishness.  But man and beast noticed none of this as they flew along for the pure joy of speed and rash adventure.  Long was his sword and golden his hair, his eyes were a blue that shamed the sky.  He feared neither dragons nor bandits and put both to flight with an angry look.  The poets fought to sing his praise and countless were the maids that coveted the least of his smiles.  Yes, he was a hero, one of those rare and gallant men who risked it all to protect those who could not protect themselves.  He had a sword, a horse, and the whole world ahead of him.  What more could he want?
He sighed wistfully and thought perhaps a roof over his head on this rainy evening would be nice.  Dreams could amuse you no end, but they did little to fill your belly or keep you warm.  No longer the hero of his imaginings, he was again a dusty boy on a derelict old horse plodding through another damp night without a coin in his purse and no hope of an evening meal.  His eyes were brown and his hair was somewhere in that grey area between brown and blonde that less kind people called mousy.  Adventuring had turned out to be far more wearisome, hungry, and dull (not to mention wet) than he had been led to believe.  His was the typical story of such a would-be adventurer: a younger son of a farmer with no chance of inheriting the farm unless his seven elder brothers all succumbed to some mysterious plague; not interested in soldiering or learning a trade, he set out to become a hero.  He had thought all one needed was a horse, a sword, and a firm desire and fate would do the rest.  It was how all the stories began and there were so many stories that one could not help but fall into one if you began with the right attitude and a few requisite supplies.  But so far adventure had avoided him and wizened old men failed to appear at random to advise him in his quest.  Thus he was forced to wander from village to village in hopes that fate might yet remember him and find something useful for him to do. 
After all, he had a horse and a sword, albeit the horse was above thirty years of age and had been retired from any strenuous labor for well over a decade and his sword had been salvaged from a bin of scrap metal belonging to the local blacksmith.  Three-quarters of a sword (with only a few spots of rust) must count for something.  He sighed and turned his mind to more immediate concerns such as how to stay as dry as he could on this miserable night.  The bright windows of an inn glowed ahead and he pressed on for the hope of at least a few hours out of the damp.  He took the bit out of the horse’s mouth and put his hobbles on, letting him find what grass he could in the immediate area.  The poor creature had few teeth and was not up to rigorous travel, but he was all the boy had so he would have to do.  The boy was thin and survived on what he could gather or hunt in the surrounding countryside or earn by chopping wood or hauling water.  At least the horse seemed to find enough to survive.  
The boy decided being a hero was hard work and almost decided to go home, but something inside would not let him give up his dreams of adventure, at least not yet.  His mind would have changed more quickly had he actually encountered more danger upon the road than short provisions and a soggy night.  Several times bandits had passed him by, looking for more promising targets.  Accosting a penniless boy on a ragged old horse was not worth incurring the wrath of the local authorities so he rode on in peace.  The boy wandered into the inn trying to look confident but managed only a foolish grin.  The innkeeper eyed him suspiciously but said nothing.  The boy obviously could not afford to buy a drink or anything else but as long as he kept quiet and caused no trouble the innkeeper would ignore him.  
The boy took a seat far to the back and tried to shrink into the wall.  His main interest was in keeping dry and watching the other patrons.  One never knew what one would find in a common room.  Adventures often started in such places, the seedier the better.  He hoped to find a villain or perhaps a helpful sage who would start him on his way to becoming a renowned warrior.  Sadly, the place was not known as a den of iniquity and the only thing resembling excitement that ever happened there was when someone consumed too much alcohol and did something silly.  The boy glanced around at the unassuming mass of farmers, merchants, and craftsmen gathered about the room, busy with their own thoughts or conversations.  It seemed it would be another dull night.  His father had doubted the sanity of his youngest son when he said he was going adventuring, but the man had been young once too and thought it best if the boy get such foolish ideas out of his head sooner rather than later.  He figured the boy would be back in a fortnight at most.  Hunger and boredom could be very efficient teachers.  The boy was determined to prove his father wrong and to become someone the whole world would be proud of. 
The hours passed, the locals wandered home, and the travelers sought their rooms.  The boy wearily retreated into the soaking night and found his ancient steed.  He found a miserable little hollow not far off the road that was sheltered a little by overhanging branches.  It was not much, but it was the best he could do.  He woke early, stiff, cold, and famished.  He wandered about a bit, stretching and working the dismal night out of his body.  He found a stream to wash up and quench his thirst.  A few berries made a meager breakfast.  He thought longingly of his father’s table and the veritable feast that his mother would be setting out right about now to feed her hungry brood.  He saddled his charger and set out once more for adventure, though even his staunch heart began to falter in his self-chosen quest.  Reluctantly he turned his mount towards home, already dreading his father’s knowing gaze.  He was already accepting his life of toil and anonymity, his dreams forgotten and put away like so many childish ambitions.  So lost was he in his own despair and shame that he failed to hear the sound of galloping hooves behind him.  
Several horses came swiftly along the road and he was blocking their path.  Finally, he heard the sound and turned his horse to see who was pursuing him, only to turn the animal broadside and block the road even more.  The horses came madly on, not stopping for or even seeing the boy in their path.  One of the galloping beasts ran full into the boy.  The oncoming horse reared and both riders fell to the ground.  The second rider glanced once at his fallen comrade but did not stop his flight.  A third horse rushed after the fleeing man and miraculously avoided the mess created by the two fallen riders.
“You stupid kid,” growled the fallen man, “I should kill you for this.  I would if I were not in such a hurry.”  His own horse had fled for parts unknown once free of its rider.  He glanced at the boy’s horse, which lay where he had fallen after the collision, groaning miserably; it was obvious the horse was down and in distress, the poor old beast was not strong enough to withstand such an impact unscathed.  The boy looked down sadly at his only companion for so many weeks, but quickly returned his attention to the more pressing danger of the angry man before him.  The man laughed grimly, "I cannot escape afoot but perhaps I can use you to barter for my life?  You have a sword but I hope you are not foolish enough to try using it."  The boy smiled, this was his big chance to become the hero he knew he was meant to be.  He drew his pathetic weapon and the man laughed, "correction, you have most of a sword!  Do you even know how to use that thing?  Perhaps you are more dangerous to yourself than I ever could be."  The boy blushed like a sunset but mumbled something about practicing every night though he had no one to teach him.  
"I would not worry about the boy if I were you," said a stern voice behind the man, "perhaps you should worry about me."  
The man quickly dropped his sword and turned slowly to face his pursuer, "how did you get here?  I saw you chasing after my companion!"  
The newcomer laughed, "I saw your little disaster here and thought I should intervene before some hurt came to the boy.  Do not worry, your friend will be dealt with as well."  The captured bandit snarled and grumbled as his captor bound his hands and disarmed him completely.  The newcomer then glanced at the boy's horse and said, "I am sorry lad but it seems the collision was too much for your old horse."  The boy looked again at his mount and saw that he had succumbed to whatever internal havoc the collision had wrought.  At least he was out of pain.  
"What about the other man?" asked the boy.  
The newcomer smiled, "he should be arriving any moment."  
"He will come back of his own accord?" gasped the boy.  
The man laughed, "just wait and see."  As he finished speaking, a very cowed man trotted up on an exhausted horse.  Behind them, as if herding the pair, came a very pleased looking gelding.  The boy and the captured bandit looked on in wonder.
 "Glad you could join us," said the stranger, as the horse stopped nearby, "if you would be so kind as to disarm yourself this can go much more smoothly than it has up until now."  The man seemed to be grumbling under his breath but did as instructed and was soon enough securely bound.  The stranger said, "you were both caught in the act of banditry.  I shall turn you over to the local authorities and they shall deal with you as prescribed by law."  The men both looked grim but they seemed to be expecting such a pronouncement.  The stranger looked to the boy, "see to that poor beast please.  I shall return shortly."  He led the men away and left the boy to tend to the exhausted horse.  
The poor creature had been run almost to death and it was all the boy could do to make him walk into the stable of the inn.  The man returned as the boy finished his attentions to the horse and they walked silently into the inn where the man procured breakfast for both of them.  The man smiled gently, "you have had quite an adventure already and the sun is hardly up.  Are you abroad on business or pleasure?"  
It was obvious to the man that the boy was wandering aimlessly and was not eating well or on a regular basis.  The boy grinned sheepishly, "I am hunting adventure.  I have a horse and a sword...well I had a horse and have most of a sword and want to be like one of the heroes in the stories.  I have discovered that there is much they have left out of the tales, mostly things like hunger, rain, boredom, and sleeping under bushes."  
The man smiled, "I see you are a seasoned campaigner.  What the stories never tell you is that you cannot go adventuring without a way of making a living.  Either you need a job or a wealthy benefactor, else you starve or spend all your time scrounging for food.  You also cannot go out looking for adventure, most people that we call heroes simply do what they know is right when terrible circumstances are thrust upon them.  Only idiots go looking for danger.  If you want to be a hero, I suggest you find a line of work that gives you ample opportunity of making a difference to others."  
The boy looked a little disheartened, "I want to be a hero so I do not have to have a regular job.  I want to be my own man; I do not wish to take orders from anyone."  
The man smiled gently, "everyone must take orders from someone else they are no more than a despot."  
The boy looked confused, "even a king?"  
The man laughed, "a king cannot do everything he wishes even though most people think he has ultimate power.  A good king does what is best for his people even if he must suffer for it himself.  He is also under pressure from his various lords, generals, and advisors.  Ruling a country is not for the faint of heart!"  
 "But why can I not move out to the Untamed Wilds and start a farm on the edge of forever and be my own lord?" asked the skeptical boy.  
The man laughed, "then you could be your own ruler, but then you have no one to depend upon in times of trouble.  The price for living in society with others is that we all must cooperate and help one another or face utter chaos.  If you want to be a hero, you must be willing to do what is best for others and not necessarily for yourself."  
The boy smiled, "I have no problem dying to help others but I want to be free to choose my own adventures."  
The man laughed, "you have no problem dying for someone, it is just the living for them that gets you into trouble!”  
The boy took in this information stoically but he knew it made sense.  Having grown up in a large family, he understood the sacrifices one had to make to live harmoniously (more or less) with your fellow men.  When the man had finished the boy sighed, “I had hoped being a hero would lend me enough distinction so as to escape all of that, but it seems to fulfill my dreams I must become even more a servant of others.”  
The man smiled, “you learn quickly.  So will you now return to whatever obscure village or distant farm you came from?”  
The boy looked surprised, “how did you know?”  
The man laughed, “wanna-be heroes are not a rare sight on the roads, there are many boys and even a few girls who seek a more exciting or seemingly glamorous life.  Most come from the humblest of circumstances.”  
The boy grinned sheepishly, “actually I thought I would join you in your adventures.  You seem to be what I want to become so maybe I can learn a few things?”  
The man shook his head sadly, “I wish I could accommodate you but I cannot.  My life is perilous and I am not allowed to bring civilians along on my adventures unless it is necessary to my mission or your safety.”  
The boy looked as if he had been dealt a physical blow, “then how am I ever to become a hero?”  
The man smiled eagerly, “I have already spoken with the innkeeper.  He is willing to allow you to sleep in the hayloft and see that you are properly fed in exchange for some help around the inn and in the stable.”  
The boy looked skeptical, “you want me to become a stable boy?  I could stay home and muck stalls!”  
The man laughed, “let me finish.  It would only be for a couple weeks until the bandit’s horse has recovered from the strain of this morning’s ride.  Once he is recovered, you can go wherever you wish.  My suggestion is that you wait until the next merchant caravan passes through and tag along with them until you reach Astoria.”
“Astoria?” said the boy, “Never heard of it.”  
The man smiled, “it is a little country far to the northeast.  If you want to learn anything, it is certainly the place to go.  They can teach you much that you must know to succeed in your adventures and also many things that you might consider boring, useless, or beneath your notice.  But sometimes it is the breadth of your knowledge that will save the day rather than your skill with the sword.”  
The boy did not look convinced that he needed such an education but the other part sounded good, “I shall do as you say.  If anything it will be an adventure in itself just traveling to this country of yours.  Do you mind if I ask you a question?”  
The man smiled, “not at all.”  
The boy grinned, “how did your horse manage to capture the other bandit?  I thought the man would surely get away.”  
The man laughed, “some secrets you can only learn in Astoria but I shall tell you my mount is far wiser than he looks.”  
The boy was dying to know how the trick was accomplished but it seemed that was all the answer he was going to get; it did however make him even more eager to visit this strange country with such intelligent horses.  The man made his farewells and was soon on his way to wherever his next adventure awaited and the boy was immediately put into service washing dishes, mucking stalls, grooming horses, mending tack, hauling refuse, and the thousand other chores that one could find around an inn.  The weeks passed slowly but each day the horse seemed a little better and it was not long before the boy was able to take him for short, slow rides and gradually increased the speed and the distance until he was convinced that the creature was fit to travel once more.  It was strange riding with a saddle.  His father only had one ancient specimen and he would never let it go wandering off on such an adventure as this.  
The boy could only take an old blanket and secure it to his horse’s back with a piece of twine.  His bridle was more twine than leather but it had worked for the ancient beast.  He was very happy to have inherited a decent set of tack from the bandit.  The stranger had also suggested that the boy sit in on the trial of the bandits for a chance to see justice in action.  He had done as the man had asked and found the whole concept fascinating.  The boy had never really considered how the law worked and what happened when an individual chose to break it.  The results could be fatal.  A week after he judged his horse fit to travel, a party of merchants arrived at the inn and Astoria was on their anticipated route.  They gladly welcomed him into their service and would even see that he was fed if he was willing to assist with various tasks and help guard the caravan.  They set out early the next morning.  The innkeeper bid him a pleasant farewell and said he was welcome to stay indefinitely if he wished; he politely declined, setting forth to fulfill his dream at last.

He could have traveled more quickly alone, but at least this way he had food, would not get lost, and was not facing the many dangers of the road alone.  He cut wood, hauled water, tended horses, maintained or repaired wagons, and helped the guards stand watch and scout behind or ahead.  He had also inherited the bandit’s sword and the guards were more than happy to help him learn how to use it after the evening’s chores were done.  The boy found the men he was traveling with to be a very peculiar bunch of people, but then you probably had to be a bit odd to spend your life always on the road and never firmly planted in one place for long.  Your circle of friends and family would be very small indeed; it was a very difficult and often lonely way of life.  But his companions seemed to thrive in such an environment.
They talked much of all the strange things they had seen or done, of the places they had been, and people they had met.  They talked much of drinking, fighting, and chasing women.  They were very strict when it came to matters of business, but their personal lives would have made the boy’s mother go for a stick immediately.  They asked him of his adventures and he told them his very unexciting story, which was received with knowing grins.  They asked what he wanted to do with his life and if he would not like to join them in their adventures upon the road.  They laughed when he mentioned his interest in visiting Astoria.
One weathered old man said in a half-whisper, “that is no place for a man who wants to enjoy life.  It is said they do not even allow women or strong drink within the bounds of the city.”  The boy tried not to laugh at such seeming nonsense.  
Another said, “they are certainly a strange people.  They are polite to the point of nausea!  It is the hardest place on earth to try and find a good time.  Why not remain with us, we can always use another sword.  The company is more interesting too!”  
A middle-aged man laughed, “they seem an honorable bunch, but they are a bit backwards in their thinking about a great many things.  They are very stubborn about what they claim to believe.  They seem to think what they call Truth is true for everyone.  As I said, very quaint in their thinking.  But suit yourself.”  
 A younger man not much older than the boy said, “I have never been there but occasionally you meet them upon the road.  I would not like to cross swords with one of them, but they have some funny ideas about life in general.  I cannot see what the attraction to such a life is.”  The boy took all this in and pondered how much was truth and how much was hearsay.  He was very eager to reach his destination, if only to discover the truth of this strange land, which grew stranger with each telling.
They pressed onwards, stopping occasionally to barter in the larger towns and villages.  Finally they reached fabled Astoria, a land that produced many rumors and much wonder.  They encountered a patrol of a half dozen soldiers not far along the road leading to the capital city.  The patrol greeted them enthusiastically and two of them rode along with the merchants as an escort while the remaining four continued on their assigned route.  They rode towards the great city and the merchants watched in amusement as the boy gawked like the bumpkin he was.  
Astoria was not the greatest city in the world nor the biggest, but it was an impressive sight to one who had never seen anything bigger than a modest market town.  The merchants were shown a place in the great fields surrounding the city where they could park their wagons and sell their wares.  Already, eager patrons were starting to gather around the wagons.  The boy thanked his strange companions and made his way into the city.  They would be in the city for a week and if he did not find things to his liking, he could certainly join them when they left.  He smiled warmly at them but somehow knew that if he chose to leave, it would be alone.  He laughed to himself, wondering if he could ever find something to do with his life; he had so far decided that being a thief, a farmer, a merchant, a mercenary, or a stable boy were not things he would enjoy doing with his life.  Perhaps he could find something in this mysterious city?
The city was surrounded by a great wall, but around the wall had grown up many shops and houses over the years, making another city in itself.  He wandered through the outlying buildings and towards the city gates.  Guards watched the gates and more stood watch upon the walls, but none tried to bar his way.  They nodded politely as he passed but said nothing.  He did not even know where to begin.  The man at the inn, what seemed a lifetime ago, had told him to make straight for the castle and inquire of the guards upon the gate.  He decided this was probably the best thing to do, especially since he had no other ideas.  He walked up to the gate and faced the guards, starting to feel decidedly uncomfortable.  Would they even talk to one of his standing?  Could they find a less important person to speak with?  
He took a deep breath and walked closer to the frightening warriors before him.  They smiled, as if they knew what he was thinking.  Perhaps they did; the inhabitants of this city were thought to possess numerous strange and arcane abilities.  “Hello,” said the boy, “it was suggested to me by one of your number that perhaps I could find what I seek in this place.”  
One of the guards asked, not unkindly, “and what is it you seek lad?”  
The boy swallowed and said, “I want to be a hero.”  He waited for the laughter and the scorn but it never came.  
The guards smiled warmly and one said, “then perhaps you have come to the right place.”
The boy seemed to brighten, “I can stay?”  
The man laughed, “you may stay and learn for as long as you wish and leave at the time of your choosing.”  
“Really?” asked the now skeptical boy.  All of them did laugh at this statement though the boy could not see the humor in it.  
The man said, “it seems you know little of our ways, but fear not, it is as I say.”  
Servants whisked his horse away to the stables and he was asked to leave his sword at the guardhouse.  He would be allowed to retrieve it when he left the castle.  A passing boy about his own age was conscripted as his guide for the evening and they went off together for the evening meal.  “I have heard many strange tales about this city of yours,” said the boy conversationally.  He found it much easier to address the other boy rather than the guards.  
His guide laughed warmly, “yes, there are many peculiar rumors and legends of Astoria and the Brethren.  Some are true; most are not.  Sometimes the truth is stranger than the tales.”  
The boy looked confused, “the Brethren?”  
His guide grinned, “how much do you know of this place and those who dwell here?”  
The boy looked sheepish, “almost nothing except for some very odd stories.”  
His guide nodded, “very well, I shall tell you the truth of Astoria and the Brethren as we eat.”  They found some food and a quiet place to sit and the other boy began, “I am but a student and have only been here a few months, but I think I have learned enough of these curious people to give a brief overview of who and what they are.  Astoria was founded many thousands of years ago and tales say it was not long after time began, but whether that is myth or history I do not know.  What I do know is that a group known as the Brethren established the city and have dwelt in it ever since.  Of course there are many people in the city not belonging to that order but Astoria has been associated with the Brethren from its very beginning.  The Brethren are renowned worldwide for their knowledge, teaching abilities, and fighting skills.  They are masters of lore, Truth, Law, and the sword.  Their advice is much sought after in all manner of things, they are well-known for their ability to dispense justice objectively, and many people come here to learn from their celebrated teachers.  That is why I am here.”
The boy looked interested, “I had no idea they were so well respected.  After all, I had never heard of them.”  
The other boy laughed, “I assume you grew up on a farm or in some remote village?”  
The boy blushed, “why does everyone keep asking that?”  
The other boy grinned, “it is fairly obvious that you are rather naïve in the ways of the world.  The Brethren are respected, feared, and sometimes hated by anyone who is of any import in the world.”  
“Hated?” asked the boy.  
“Yes,” said his guide, “some of their philosophies cause problems for those who are not prone to believing in the mysterious.”  
“What are you talking about?” asked the even more confused boy.  
The other boy smiled enigmatically, “the thing that sets them apart from all other groups and organizations is their fanatic devotion to the Master.  It is said they actually take an Oath dedicating their lives to his service.”  
The boy looked skeptical, “they are religious fanatics?  Is this some sort of cult?”  
The other boy laughed, “I suppose you could call it that.  They would not agree with that definition per se, but some still hold that opinion.  At least they are not weird about it.  They are very firm in their beliefs, which is actually a nice change from some of the more ideologically confused individuals one meets in the world.  Whatever their beliefs, they are still masters of all types of lore and various skills.  Astoria is still an exceptional place to learn just about anything.”  
The boy looked thoughtful, “perhaps I shall stay, if only long enough to find out what they have to offer.  Can I really stay here and learn for as long as I wish?”  
His guide nodded, “the only requirement to stay is that you study hard, work hard at the chores you will be assigned, and follow their rather strict rules.  You may stay or go at your choosing.”  
The boy nodded, “I think I can live up to that, they cannot be any more strict than my mother!” 
They finished their meal and their conversation as a tall boy walked over and bowed politely; they returned the gesture.  The boy was beginning to notice that he was one of the few people in the dining hall not wearing some sort of uniform.  Even his guide seemed to have one on.  The tall boy was wearing a similar outfit but with a few obvious differences.  The newcomer said, “I am here to show our guest to his quarters and introduce him to our ways.”  The newcomer then motioned for the boy to walk with him and he immediately complied, not wishing to incur the wrath of his hosts for lack of haste.  The boy raised a hand in farewell to his former guide and walked obediently beside his new companion.  The tall boy said gently, “there is no reason to be so tense.  I am sure this all seems very strange to you, but we are not that strict or scary I hope!”  
The boy relaxed marginally and even managed a nervous smile, “I apologize, I have just heard many strange things about this city and those who live here.  I am called Gavin.”  
The tall boy smiled and said, “I am glad to meet you Gavin.  I am called Kahn and I am an Apprentice.”  
Gavin frowned, “an apprentice what?  Blacksmith?  Cobbler?”  
Kahn laughed, “no, an Apprentice of the Brethren.  I have taken my Oath but have not yet the skills or knowledge to be turned loose without supervision.”  
Gavin said, “the other boy said something about an Oath.  Do you really swear away your life in service to this Master person?  How can you swear an oath to something that does not exist?”  Gavin feared he might have offended his guide, but the other boy laughed warmly.  At least he was not easily offended.  
Kahn said, “I see you have not come seeking spiritual guidance.  There are many here who come to learn but want no part of the Master or His Truth, but to those of us who join the Brethren, the Master is certainly no myth.  Perhaps in time you will understand.  No one will try to force you to learn or believe anything you count as myth, but neither do we hide our allegiance, as some might prefer.  It is the core of who and what we are, and we are not ashamed of that fact no matter what others might think.”
Gavin’s eyes were wide with wonder as he contemplated these strange revelations.  Just what kind of folk had he entangled himself with?  Whatever he thought about the Master, Gavin certainly had to respect the Brethren for being firm in their beliefs.  It would be interesting to see just how dedicated and perhaps mad, the whole bunch of them were in the coming days.  It was worth staying just for that, but he also thought he could learn a few things that might be to his advantage if he truly wished to become a hero.  
Kahn let the boy think for a time and then said, “so what brings you to Astoria?”  The boy briefly told him of his encounter with the man near the inn and his ambitions to become a hero.  Kahn smiled, “lofty goals indeed, and if that is your desire we can certainly teach you what you must know.”
By now they had reached what would be Gavin’s quarters for the duration of his stay.  It was a small room and he would share it with three other Students.  Kahn then spent the next hour telling him everything he would need to know while he remained in Astoria and also answering Gavin’s myriad questions.  The most pressing of which seemed to be when he would get to learn the proper use of a sword.  Kahn seemed to find this very amusing for some reason.  It seemed that along with the anticipated swordsmanship and riding classes, Gavin would also have to take classes in history, law, mathematics, and other less practical (at least in Gavin’s mind) classes.  Once the boy’s curiosity was satisfied, Kahn bid him goodnight and left Gavin to his own thoughts.  He did not have long for introspection however as his new roommates soon returned from supper.
After introductions all around, Gavin asked them many questions and they asked him a few in return.  They all shared a common dream of wanting to make the world a better place by helping others, but their ideas about how to do just that varied considerably.  Ryan, a noble’s son, wanted to learn all he could to better rule over his people when he succeeded his father one day.  Taren had his heart set on joining the Brethren but was still a year shy of sixteen and thus not yet allowed to take his Oath.  Darian was unsure about whether he would take his Oath or not, but seemed determined to live a life of adventure, though whether as one of the Brethren, a mercenary, or in some other role he as yet did not know.  For being of such varied backgrounds and having such different goals, the three seemed very close friends and they gladly welcomed Gavin into their circle.  They talked long into the night of their lives, hopes, fears, and of life in Astoria.  Gavin drifted to sleep thinking this perhaps the greatest and strangest city on earth.  
He awoke early with the others and prepared for his day, donning the by now familiar uniform of the Student.  They ate a quick breakfast and then went in search of their first class.  The day passed quickly for Gavin and he learned many things and actually found some of the seemingly less interesting classes quite the opposite.  He found it remarkable how the Brethren who taught the classes could incorporate lessons about the Master and his Truth into just about everything, even in his fencing lesson!  Of course from their perspective, the Master was the source of everything and thus it made sense to see Him everywhere.  It was just unnerving to someone like Gavin who thought such a being only a children’s story on the level with Kerfluffle the Ogre.  Or perhaps a myth used to instill the fear of the gods into the citizenry, thus assuring their cooperation in whatever was deemed ‘his will.’  But the Brethren’s view was neither, they seemed to think him a real being, not just a tool to exploit the weak minded.


Chapter 2

The days passed quickly and Gavin soon lost himself in his studies.  He did have enough foresight to send a letter to his parents, telling them where he was and what he was doing.  His father’s reply was rather vague regarding his true thoughts on his son’s current occupation but at least he seemed happy that the boy was out of danger and not causing trouble.  Gavin was quickly learning that there was a lot more to know about being a hero than he had ever dreamed possible.  It might take him years to learn all he needed to know!  There was also the question of how to support himself while he fought injustice and chased monsters.  He certainly would have no time to have a real occupation.  He must enter into the service of some country or organization else he would be a hero, but one on the brink of starvation.  Life was far more complicated than they ever made it out to be in the stories.  He thought that the Brethren would be the group he would join if he could, but there was the little problem of the Oath.  He wanted to be a hero on his own terms, not at the beck and call of the Lady of Astoria, and even worse in the service of a myth.  
He had glimpsed the fabled ruler of Astoria on a few occasions and was not eager to meet her face to face.  There was power and wisdom enough in those eyes to make the staunchest warrior sweat with a mere glance.  Thankfully he avoided her notice as long as he did not cause trouble or wish to join the Brethren, yet another good reason not to take the Oath.  He often found himself speaking with Taren about his wish to join the Brethren.  When Gavin pointed out that belief in the Master was certainly folly, the boy simply smiled and said he thought otherwise.  Gavin could only shake his head in wonder, the boy was no idiot so how had he become so deceived?  That was something that really began to bother him.  None of the Brethren he encountered seemed to be fools, in fact they were perhaps some of the brightest people Gavin had ever met.  But they all believed this Master nonsense!  Gavin began to wonder if there was some secular variant of the Brethren that might be interested in taking him in. 
Growing up on the farm, Gavin had not really thought much about anything beyond what was necessary for daily survival.  With so many mouths to feed, there was little time for thought of anything beyond providing for such a large family.  His parents perhaps had a passing acquaintance with this being known as the Master of All, but they had not passed it on to their children as anything more than another tale of the past.  The Brethren seemed to think you could have a relationship with the Master as you could with another person.  Gavin did not mind the idea of a distant and benevolent god, but he was not sure what to think of a being that seemed to demand your utmost attention and devotion.  It was far too personal.  He was not sure he wanted to get personal with such ideas.  He was a man of action, not a philosopher after all.  
Taren cornered him one day as he was making his way towards the evening meal.  The boy seemed very excited for some reason, but also a little sad.  Gavin tried his best at a nonchalant grin and said, “what has you all excited?”  
Taren beamed, “the Lady has given me leave to take my Oath tomorrow!”  That explained it.  He was excited about finally attaining his goal, but saddened by the thought that it would mean that his relationship with his friends would never again be the same.  
Gavin found himself at once glad for his friend but also saddened for the same reason.  He said, “congratulations!  I shall always value your friendship, no matter what crazy schemes you decide to pursue.”  
Taren grinned at their shared disagreement and said, “I hope one day you find such peace and purpose as only the Master can impart.”  The boy hurried off to inform his other friends of the news, leaving Gavin alone to wonder exactly what it was he was looking for.
Ryan and Darian were happy for Taren but also felt the pang of their impending loss as keenly as he did.  Once Taren had taken his Oath he would be moved to different quarters and though he would continue to take classes, he would be assigned other duties that would often keep him away from his friends.  He would eventually be assigned to a mentor and would accompany him on whatever strange quests the Lady set him, thus it might be months or even years that he was away from Astoria and his friends.  
Gavin and Darian found themselves chatting about this eventuality later that evening.  Gavin said, “do you still think you might join the Brethren?”  
Darian shrugged, “I want adventure, but it is hard to be an independent adventurer if you are not independently wealthy.  I do not know what I will do.  I am not sure I am ready to give my life entirely into the service of any group or person.  What about you?”  
Gavin smiled, “I have the same thoughts.  I want to be an independent hero, but it would be a very hungry life.  I am also a little leery of the whole concept of the Master.”  
Darian smiled, “it is a little hard to believe at times, but the Brethren are not fools and they seem to take it very seriously.  I am just not ready to swear my life into anyone’s service, including the Master’s.”  
Gavin said, “Taren certainly seems excited by the prospect.”  They both smiled, happy for their friend but not quite understanding his enthusiasm.
The day that would forever change their friendship arrived and progressed much as they had feared.  The empty bed was soon filled by another aspiring student and Taren began his life among the Brethren.  Their new roommate was called Cole and he was a quiet boy of fourteen.  He was that much younger than his three elder roommates and of a more reclusive nature that he did not overtly seek their friendship.  He was friendly enough with them, but he found companions closer to his own age among the other students.  The three missed Taren, but when they chanced upon him at meals or in the corridors he seemed very happy with his new life.  They wished him well but did not quite understand what he found so fascinating in the whole idea.  

Time passed and the day came when Ryan was summoned home to attend to his ailing father; it was anticipated that he would soon take over his father’s duties.  Darian and Gavin volunteered to ride with their friend as he journeyed home.  He would need their support in the coming days.  Before they were set to ride off, the Lady summoned them to her audience chamber.  The three boys were very nervous to face such a legendary figure but they had no choice.  They bowed themselves into her presence and stood before her like mice before a cat.  She smiled gently and their trepidation began to melt away.  She said, “Ryan, I know you are needed at home and you will rule your people well when the time comes.  It has been an honor to have you as a student and you will be missed.  I hope you have learned much to your advantage during your stay in Astoria.  As for your friends, I am happy to see they wish to accompany and support you on this important journey and during the difficult times ahead.  You are both welcome to return, should you so wish.  You have been diligent students and will be missed.  May the Master ride with you!”  They could find no voice to speak, but bowed deeply and left her presence.
As the awe of their experience began to fade, they felt the jubilance that one feels after surviving a brush with death or after escaping some great danger.  They had faced the Lady of Astoria and lived!  They returned to their chambers and began packing for the long journey ahead of them.  Taren stopped by later that evening to bid them farewell.  It seemed he was also leaving on the morrow.  He had been assigned to a mentor and they were riding at once on some errand or other.  The four friends sat up long into the night, enjoying what might be their last night together for a very long time or perhaps ever.  They found a little sleep and then set off on their adventures as the sun was beginning to peek over the rim of the world.  
The three yawned in their saddles but their hearts were buoyant as they set out; this was an adventure after all!  They had a packhorse loaded with enough supplies to see them through until they reached Ryan’s estates in the far north of Perth.  They would be traveling the entire breadth of the world and might face all the dangers that commonly lurked upon the road: weather, bandits, and wild creatures.  But they were all three well-trained in the sword and would not be easy prey to any save a large party of armed men.  Neither did they have the look of prosperous travelers and this alone might spare them much trouble.  They pushed hard, but only as hard as necessary.  They constantly kept a watch for danger and were careful in selecting their campsites of an evening.  The journey was long, but it seemed to pass swiftly for the three adventurous friends.  Only too soon did they arrived in Perth and sought out Ryan’s home.
Ryan’s family had ruled over this part of Perth for nearly a thousand years, protecting and leading the local peasants in exchange for support in the form of taxes and local goods.  The walled manor sat in the midst of prosperous farm country though the wilderness of the Northern Wilds and the Impassable Mountains was not far off.  The guards standing watch at the gate eyed the three scruffy travelers with disdain until one of them recognized the heir.  A shock seemed to run through the small group of men and as one they bowed and sent a man running for servants to see to the horses and baggage.  The steward was also fetched and he sought out Ryan immediately to inform him of his father’s worsening condition.  He said, “it warms my heart to see you here at long last.  Your father may succumb at any moment and we were afraid you might not make it in time.  Come, he will see you immediately.”  
The three followed the steward silently into the depths of the great house.  They found a frail man sitting up in bed, propped up by many pillows and attended by half a dozen anxious servants.  Occasionally a terrible cough wracked his body.  This was not the robust man that Ryan had once known as his father.  The years had not been kind to him.  He smiled weakly as he recognized his son.  Ryan walked forward to greet his father and his two friends withdrew to give them time alone.  Ryan found them late that night in the tiny guest room they had been given.  His eyes were red with weeping but there was determination in his gaze.  They had arrived just in time, the man had not survived the night.  Ryan had had time enough to say his farewells and receive a little sage advice and then the man had closed his eyes as if in sleep, never again to waken.  
The weeks that followed were a bustle of transition and mourning.  Ryan’s father had been preparing him for this moment all his life and he took to his new duties like a fish to water.  His friends were there to support him in his few quiet moments, but most of his time was consumed in transitioning into his new role.  Once things began to settle into a more regular schedule, Ryan said to his friends, “I would offer you both positions within the guard but I know that is not what you want out of life.  Is there anything I can do to aid you in your future endeavors?  Alas I am too poor to hire even one of you as our hero in residence.”  
His friends smiled warmly; they knew the time of their parting had come.  “Actually,” said Gavin, “we have already made plans, at least for the near future.  While you have been busy ruling your little corner of the world, we have had nothing much to do and have taken to wandering about the local countryside.  One day while we were sitting in a nearby tavern busy with nothing in particular, we heard a pair of locals talking.  It seems there is a rumor going about that a griffin has taken up residence in the mountains not far from here.  The thing is taking a heavy toll on the livestock in the neighboring Lord’s territory and he is offering a handsome reward for its head.  We are going to attempt to either catch or slay the beast.”  
Ryan looked at them in astonishment but said, “catch?”  
Darian laughed, “there are certain parties that would pay much for a live griffin, perhaps enough to support a couple of adventurers for a lifetime.”  
Ryan nodded in understanding.  Griffins were elusive creatures, rarely leaving their haunts in the mountains far to the north.  One was seen this far south only once in a thousand years.  Anyone who owned such a beast would be envied and feared.  People would travel for miles and pay obscene amounts of money simply for a glimpse of such a monster.  It just might work.  The only problem with the plan was that griffins were about as fierce as they were rare.  It was hard enough to kill one and survive, no one had ever actually captured one and lived to tell about it, that he knew of at least.  “You could die,” said Ryan at last.  
His friends nodded like eager fools.  Gavin said, “we know the risks, but it seems the only way to accomplish our goals.”  
Ryan shook his head, “why not return to Astoria?”  
Darian laughed, “perhaps if all else fails, but we want to try making our own way in the world and not have to bow to anyone.”  
Ryan smiled grimly, “everyone bows to someone my friends except perhaps brigands and one day even they must face justice.”  
Gavin smiled, “you already sound like an aged lord my friend.  I think you shall do well.  Remember us if this foolishness goes ill.”  
Ryan sighed but embraced his friends in farewell and made sure they had supplies enough for their journey.  He watched them ride off with a heavy heart, wondering what the future held.  The pair rode off with high spirits and the invincibility of youth.  Their plan was simply to find the monster and then to somehow capture it.  They had no idea as to how they would accomplish the second part of their plan however.  They pressed west and soon came to the foothills of the mountains and then turned northwest in search of the creature.  They stopped at the last known inn on the border between the mountains, Perth, and the Northern Wilds.  The innkeeper laughed when he heard their plans, “aye lads, there is a griffin lurking in the mountains less than a day’s ride from here, but many stout men have gone hunting the beast and none have returned.  Not a day goes by that someone does not lose a beast they cannot spare.  I have even heard rumors that it occasionally pounces on an unwary traveler.  If you can rid the area of the thing we would be greatly in your debt but I think you are fools to try it.”
With these cheering words, they went to bed and set off the following morning to track the beast.  Tracking something that can fly would be tricky if this were not a male of the species, and as such, it was rather vociferous in defending its territory and it was not long before they had found its home range.  All that remained was finding its lair and devising a way to catch the thing without being torn to shreds.  They hid under the cover of the trees and watched as it took to the air and flew overhead.  The horses whinnied nervously but their masters spoke to them quietly and managed to soothe the frightened beasts once the monster had flown off.  They then pressed higher into the mountains, hoping to stumble upon some cave or hollow that might be the creature’s lair.  They hoped it had gone hunting.  Evening was falling as they found a small hollow near the top of one of the smaller peaks that seemed to be what they were looking for.  Strewn about the clearing were all types of bones, some obviously not from quadrupeds.  A large crack in the base of an overhanging crag appeared to be the monster’s lair.  The hollow smelled strongly of death.  
A hideous screech rang in the dell as the monster returned and found intruders in its lair.  It dropped the carcass of a small goat and came after the trespassers.  The horses panicked, threw their riders, and vanished into the trees.  The two boys rose quickly to their feet and drew their swords.  Only now did they realize how incredibly foolish their idea was.  They had little doubt that their own bones would soon be littering the hollow.  The creature sensed their fear as it slowly circled the pair.  Its eyes were that of an eagle: without pity or mercy, only a fierce intent to kill.  Its great beak gaped open, ready to rend flesh from bone and its eagle-like talons clawed eagerly at the stony ground.  Its tail lashed in anger and taut muscle tensed under the silky hide.  They looked upon death and knew fear.  The creature tensed, ready to spring.  But before the monster could unleash its fury, a great scream rent the deepening night and the monster paused, as if catching a new scent.  The beast gave a piercing shriek in answer and turned to face a much deadlier foe.  
The petrified boys saw something vaguely equine in shape leap into battle with the griffin.  Whatever it was, it moved so fast they could hardly make out its form but it glowed with the pale light of the not yet risen moon.  The unshakable monster actually seemed afraid.  It fought wildly but could not overwhelm its foe.  In the end it lay in a crumpled heap on the ground, a pitiful and ruined form.  Gavin almost felt sorry for the thing, but his own relief was too great for him to spare any worry for the slain monster.  It did not even seem to matter that all his dreams had died with the terrible beast.  They were alive and that was all that mattered at the moment.  Once the monster had been dealt with and their shock passed, the two boys could finally face their rescuer.  
“Still getting yourself into trouble I see,” said the man.  Gavin gaped, it was the same man who had been chasing bandits upon the road that fateful day so long ago.  To make matters worse, Taren was carefully making his way out of the woods followed by a sorrel mare.  He grinned when he saw his friends.
“What are you doing here?” asked the stunned Darian.  
Taren smiled, “I could ask you the same thing.  Why are you hunting griffins afoot?”  
The man looked at his apprentice, “you know these two?”  
Taren nodded, “yes, but I had not thought them such fools as to attempt to track a griffin.  We were Students together.”  
The man nodded and grinned at Gavin, “I see you took my advice but I fear you did not learn much for caution in Astoria.  Still trying to be a hero?  I applaud your dedication but at this rate you will soon be a hero postmortem.  What are you two doing up here?”  Gavin looked at the ground and scuffed his toe in the dirt as he explained their insane plan.  The man nodded, “it would be a good plan if you could actually accomplish such a feat, but I think you have learned the error of your thinking?”  Both boys nodded emphatically.  The man nodded appreciatively and said, “Taren, go see if you can find their wandering horses.  I do not think they ran far.”  The boy sprang into his saddle and vanished quickly from sight.  The two chastened boys watched him go as if he was their only protection from mortification.
The man said nothing but motioned for them to follow him out of the fetid dell.  Fifteen minutes of stumbling in the dark brought them to another little hollow wherein the man busied himself with starting a fire and tending to his horse, which had been scratched in several places during the fight.  Both boys wracked their minds but each thought the beast involved in the fight was white or grey, not bay, as was the animal that stood before them.  With his wounds tended, the placid animal walked off into the darkness.  The boys watched him go in wonder, but were too ashamed to ask the questions buzzing in their minds.
Taren soon returned and eased their growing tension.  He led their horses into the clearing, unsaddled his own, and then let the creature wander off into the night, as had the other horse.  Unable to restrain himself any longer, Gavin asked, “why did your horse not flee when it sighted the griffin?  How can any horse bear such a sight, let alone engage the thing in combat?”  
The man smiled, “I am glad you finally asked.  I thought you might burst if you held in your curiosity much longer.  It seems caution is not the only thing you failed to learn in Astoria.  Taren, I shall let you explain to your friends.”  
The boy blushed but did as he was bidden, “no normal horse could stand the sight or smell of a griffin, but then our mounts are not horses.”  The two boys glanced off into the darkness as if they might catch sight of the mysterious creatures.  
Gavin snorted, “legend says that the Brethren have some strange relationship with unicorns, but you are not telling me that those docile beasts were unicorns?”  
Taren laughed, “of course they were unicorns.  How else could they stand firm while facing a griffin, or even survive such an encounter?  The only way to take on a griffin is with arrows, a lance, or a unicorn.  Everything else is suicide.”  
Darian laughed nervously, “but I had thought unicorns a myth.  And if they are unicorns, I had thought them to be more fierce or regal or at least proud.  They looked no different than any other common horse.”  
Both boys were silently remembering the glowing white form they had almost seen attacking the griffin.  Gavin said, “they can hide their true form?  How do you control them?”
Taren laughed, “you should have paid more attention during your classes.  You are right in guessing one of their many talents, but we do not control them.  They are thinking creatures and it is a partnership, not a matter of one controlling the other.  They serve us of their own free will.”  
The man said, “now what do you plan to do with your lives now that you have survived your griffin hunt?”  
Gavin sighed, “I do not really know.  I had thought to set out on my own to find adventure, but it seems I am not yet ready for such a life.  Why is life so much simpler in the stories?”  
Darian said, “I suppose I will go back to Astoria, as it seems I have much yet to learn.”  
Gavin smiled, “I will go with you.”  
The man said, “you two are welcome to ride with us.  We are headed home as well.”  
Gavin smiled, “it might be good to have someone to keep us out of trouble.  We owe you our lives, thank you!”  The man shrugged, as if it was something he did every day.  
The next morning they made their way out of the mountains and back towards the estate of the lord who had put a bounty on the monster’s head.  He was overjoyed to learn the creature had been dealt with, but no amount of persistence would get the man to take the bounty.  Gavin and Darian looked hopeful, but the man shook his head minimally and the hopeful smiles quickly vanished.  After that, they rode to Ryan’s estate to let him know that they were still alive.  He was delighted to see all three of his friends again and a merry evening was had by all.  He sadly bid them farewell the next morning and wished them well on their journey.  The journey back to Astoria was not as exciting as their journey into unknown peril had been but somehow it was much more peaceful.
Jaden did not waste their time upon the road, he insisted that all three boys practice with their weapons when they stopped for the evening and as they traveled he often spoke at length about any number of histories, legends, and lore.  By the end of their journey, Gavin felt himself a proper scholar.  Upon their arrival, no time was lost in attaining an audience with the Lady.  Gavin had hoped to sneak off quietly but found himself quickly herded into her presence.  
After the formalities, she said, “welcome home all of you.  I hope you each accomplished the task you set out to complete?”  
Gavin felt her gaze upon him and said, “yes my Lady.  We safely reached Perth and Ryan is now leading his people.”  She nodded and then looked to Jaden, who quickly gave an account of his adventures though he did not mention the presence of the boys when he encountered the griffin.  After they left her presence, Gavin said quietly to Jaden, “why did you not tell her of our foolishness?”  
Jaden smiled, “you learned your lesson and will think before you leap into such a situation again.  There was no reason to bother the Lady with such things, as they had already been resolved.”  Gavin nodded but was grateful to the man for his discretion.  Darian and Gavin enrolled once more as students and this time thought to pay closer attention to the parts of their lessons that dealt with the Brethren and the Master.  If they could miss something as obvious as unicorns, what else were they missing?


Chapter 3

Jaden and Taren retreated to their room to speak privately until the evening meal was ready.  Jaden said to his apprentice, “your friends are certainly skilled and eager young men, if a bit misguided.  Why do they fear the Master?”  
Taren said, “they have been skeptical and at best indifferent since I have known them.  I think they want to be their own masters and run from the idea of submitting to anyone or anything, especially something they cannot see or touch.”  
Jaden smiled, such were the fears and thoughts of many.  He said, “and what makes you different?  Why are you comfortable in surrendering when others stubbornly resist?”  
Taren smiled, “we each must serve some purpose, some master, be it wealth, greed, power, fame, or some cause.  I have discovered the only Cause worth serving.”  
Jaden nodded and said, “how will your friends fare now, do you think?”  
Taren could only shake his head and say, “I think they now have more motivation to listen but I do not know if their ears shall be any more prone to hearing.”  Jaden nodded thoughtfully.  The boy went in search of supper but Jaden sought the Lady.  Taren joined his friends at the evening meal; the two were eager to talk without the elder of the Brethren there to eavesdrop.  
Gavin said, “are you still convinced that you have joined up with the right cause?”  
Taren smiled, “more than ever.  What scheme are you hatching and wish to involve me in?”  
Darian looked guilty, “are we that obvious?”  
Taren laughed, “perhaps, but come, what are you plotting?”
Gavin looked about nervously but no one was paying them any heed, he said, “we shall stay for a time and learn what we failed to learn upon our last visit, but if we fail to find adequate enlightenment this time, we have another option.  Have you ever heard of the Order of the Unicorn?”  
Taren looked at his friends dumbfounded, “they are an independent military organization founded about a century ago and have occasionally been a positive force in the world but more often serve only themselves.”  
Darian said, “you seem quite cynical about them, are the Brethren afraid of a little competition and thus teach such negative tales?”  
Taren said, “perhaps you should ask Jaden about it.  He was there when the Order was founded.”  
Gavin gaped, forcing Taren to explain that the Brethren could live a very long time if they were not killed in the course of their duties.  Darian shook his head in amazement, had they been sleeping when they should have been learning these things?  Gavin said, “I would rather keep this between ourselves, especially when your folk seem to take a negative view of the subject.  I will let the Brethren have their chance to impress me but I will keep my options open.”  
Taren said, “how did you discover this group?”  
Darian said, “there is a young man among the Students that is quite vociferous on the subject.  He says the Order will gladly take in those that reject the Brethren’s mythology.”  
Taren nodded, not surprised that the Order would have an agent recruiting among the more skeptical students; it would be to their benefit to take in those with a good foundation in the various martial and philosophical arts that had not yet agreed fully to a certain dogma.  Many were the students that came to Astoria eager to learn but not overly interested in theology.  Taren said, “would you introduce me to your friend?”  
Gavin looked nervous, remembering his friend’s true allegiance, saying, “you cannot betray this to the Lady else it will make us look bad.”  
Taren laughed, “I am sure the Lady is well aware of the situation, not much happens in Astoria or even the world that evades her notice.  I will not promise to do anything that would betray the Lady, the Master, or the Brethren but I will try and respect your confidence.”  
The two boys nodded grimly, hastily finished their meal, and went in search of Kronar.  A man in his mid-twenties in a student uniform was speaking to a dozen similarly clad boys on the great walled in lawn that was at the heart of the city and the castle.  He looked up at their approach and smiled upon recognizing Gavin and Darian, but his smile slipped when he saw that a boy in the uniform of the Apprentices accompanied them.  He nodded coldly to the pair of students and said to the apprentice, “can I help you?”  
Taren smiled, “I was simply curious, please forget I am here and continue as you please.”  
Kronar said, “how am I to continue with a spy in our midst?  You are honor bound to carry the tale to your precious Lady.”  
Taren laughed, “were you preaching murder and mayhem perhaps but there is no law against advocating your beliefs within the walls of Astoria.  Besides, I am sure she is well aware of your pontification.”
The man nodded and said, “I suppose you are right but fanatics make me nervous.  Perhaps I can convince you to swap this uniform for one more befitting the honor and glory you are sure to gain in service to the Order?  Serving the Brethren you earn no glory or honor but simply a pat on the head by a female recluse if you do not die and are left to molder in an unmarked grave.”  
Taren asked, “and exactly what sort of purpose does the Order serve, save itself?”  
Kronar said, “the Order serves the Common Good.  We strive to ensure peace and unity among all nations and peoples.  The Brethren exist simply to meddle in affairs not their own and convince the weak-minded of the veracity of their so-called Truth.”  
Taren asked, “and what keeps the Order from falling into the pride and greed that so often accompany power, riches, and glory?”  
Kronar laughed, “what is to keep any nation or organization from such folly?  A hundred years ago the Order dealt with just such a crisis and the High Council was established to see that it was checked ere it could again become a problem.”  The students seemed impressed with this sensible reply.  He then asked, “and what is to keep the Brethren from similar folly?”  
Taren said, “we must abide by the Common Law, the Truth, and all the ancient customs of the Brethren.  We are responsible directly to the Master and under the discipline of the Lady.  Should we do something so heinous, we break Oath and are no longer numbered among the Brethren.”  
The man sneered, “a nice little fable save I have yet to actually see it in action.”  
Taren asked, “have you ever heard of or seen one of the Brethren act in such a way?”
Kronar said, “no but I am sure you cover it up and shroud it in myth and mystery as you do all else.”  
Taren smiled sadly, “actually it happens so rarely that the stories are not often heard.  There have been perhaps two dozen men in all the millennia since the Brethren came to be.  You may find a list in the library if you are so interested.”  
Kronar said, “I doubt fallible man can achieve such perfection.”  
Taren said, “we cannot but with the Master’s aid we can aspire to it.  What happens when a Knight of the Order is unjust or exploits his position?”  
Kronar shrugged, “it is a military organization and each case is handled on an individual basis but the rules are strict and the discipline severe.  We are not soft like the Brethren.”  
Taren said, “many here wish to be ‘heroes’ as it were.  What does the Order think of such a notion?”  
Kronar laughed, “we make men, not storybook characters.  We expect each of our Knights to act like a hero when necessary, but unlike the independent hero of the stories, we are a brotherhood and each man is responsible to his superiors and his comrades.  You must take and obey orders when necessary.  What of the Brethren, I do not think you applaud such glory seeking behavior?”  
Taren smiled, “we all of us might end heroes, as others might define it but no, we must not do things for our own glory but for the glory of the Master and for the benefit of those we serve.”  
Gavin asked, “how does the Order reward exemplary service?”  
Kronar smirked, “stellar recruits gain quickly in rank and thus are paid more for their service.  What of the Brethren?”
Taren smiled, “we receive only what we need for daily living and our particular missions.  Upon taking the Oath we forsake all claim to riches, wealth, title, power, and land.  We do not reward exceptional service for each is expected to serve to their utmost at all times.  We do our best for it pleases the Master and His pleasure is our reward.”  
“There you have it,” said Kronar, “you can be a hero for your own gain and the gain of others in the Order or you can be smiled upon by a myth for your dedication to the Brethren.  How charming!”  
Taren grinned, “you certainly make it sound an obvious choice but we are not so ignoble as you might think nor is the Order as perfect as you would have us believe.”  
“Little would you know,” scoffed Kronar, “you have hardly left Astoria.  How are you to understand the Order?”  
Taren replied, “and you have done little save proselytize for the Order.  How would you understand the Brethren?”  
Kronar grinned, “why do you and this cadre of students not ride to Panmycea and discover what the Order has to offer and then decide for yourselves?”  
“A fascinating idea,” said Taren thoughtfully, “but I cannot venture forth without the Lady’s permission.  Too bad you could not ride with the Brethren for a time and learn more of those you disparage.”  
Kronar smiled, “I will ride with the Brethren if you gain your Lady’s permission to ride with the Order for a time.”  
Taren said, “it is an interesting idea but I do not know if the Lady will be so intrigued.”  
Kronar said, “then let us inquire of her as soon as she will see us.”  
Taren looked both eager and mortified.  The students were extremely curious to see how the exchange might play out.  The whole herd made their way to the Lady’s preferred audience chamber and inquired of the servant standing at her door whether she might have time to see them.  He went to inquire of the Lady saying, “there is a small horde of students and one apprentice standing without wishing a moment of your time Lady.”  
Curious, the Lady said, “let us see what they want.”  She shared a curious glance with Jaden as the students entered.  Most seemed terrified, never having been in her presence before.  They made their bows, some nearly worshipful and others barely a nod of the head.  She smiled at the mixed reaction and motioned for them to stand before her.  Jaden shared a curious smile with his apprentice; what were they up to? 
 Kronar was quite bold and said, “Lady we come to ask you a strange question.  I am an agent of the Order of the Unicorn sent to Astoria to recruit those not particularly interested in the doctrines of the Brethren.  One of your servants has convinced me that I speak out against that which I do not fully understand.  I proposed that perhaps we switch places for a time, that he might ride for the Order and that I might ride with the Brethren, that we might more fully understand one another.  I would send any of your interested students with him to learn the truth of my words.”  
The Lady said, “I have been aware of your efforts for the last two weeks and think it a good idea that perhaps you learn more of the Brethren ere you continue your quest against our teachings.  I do not usually allow those not sworn to my service to ride on such quests but perhaps I shall make an exception in this case.  As for Taren joining the Order for a time, I must think on it.  It is not our custom to allow an apprentice out of the keeping of his mentor for very long.  As for the students, they are free to do as they wish.  You shall have my decision in the morning.”  They nearly fled from her presence, eager to see what the morrow would bring.
Once the herd had fled, the Lady turned to Jaden and said, “what are your thoughts on this peculiar proposal?  We have talked long about the two boys who accompanied you back from Perth.  It seems they are leaning towards the Order, as are a significant number of my students.  Of course they are free to do as they wish, but it would be a shame to lose them to such a questionable cause.  I know your history with the Order is tainted by the most painful of memories, but it is your apprentice in question and you shall be responsible for our young Knight if we decide in favor of this foolishness.”  
Jaden said, “it has been long since we have had news of the Order and it would be good to know their current situation.  It seems at least they are curious about us or at least willing to take advantage where they can in their recruiting efforts.  I would hate to lose any of these promising young men to such a nefarious group.  I think Taren could handle himself on such a mission; it is not as if we are sending him after a gang of bandits alone or asking him to defend a castle with only a dozen men or negotiate a peace treaty for a war that has raged for a decade.  Those students are eager to try their wings and may go over to the Order no matter what.  Would it not be better if at least one of the Brethren were with them to protect and advise them at need?”
The Lady smiled, “you are not opposed to taking on Kronar as your seeming apprentice for a time?”  
Jaden smiled, “you have given me far worse assignments over the years.  I also assume if you plan to go through with this that you would find me something to do in the vicinity of Panmycea that my true apprentice not find himself completely alone.”  
She laughed, “you know me far too well my old friend.  Perhaps I should step down and allow you to lead in my stead.”  He blanched and she smiled, “you had best go break the news to your former apprentice and his unwitting companions.”  
Jaden smiled in return and bowed himself from her presence.  The past was still painful to think about but one day even that would be long forgotten, until then he gratefully accepted the Master’s peace and healing.  He found Taren in their room, as curfew was long past.  The boy looked up eagerly upon his mentor’s return.  Jaden smiled in amusement at his eagerness.  Who intentionally sought to join the Order?  He shook his head and said, “I do not know whether to congratulate you or offer my condolences.  The Lady is sending you to Panmycea as requested in the company of as many students as wish to go.  Your friendly heretic will be taking your place at my side until further notice.  We shall not be too far away just in case things go ill.”  Taren did not know whether to smile or weep, he loved Jaden dearly and it would be a sad parting but Jaden said, “fear not, you shall not be gone long and then you shall be stuck once more with my tedious lectures.”  The boy did laugh then and fell into a grateful sleep.
The students involved in the plot gathered early for breakfast and Taren and Jaden soon joined them.  Jaden said to Kronar, “if you are willing, the Lady has said that you may ride with me for a time.  My apprentice shall ride to Panmycea and investigate what the Order has become in recent years.  If any students wish to go, they may accompany Taren.”  
Kronar smiled, “excellent.  I shall write a letter to accompany your apprentice informing the Order of his errand and mine.  It shall be an interesting experiment I think.  And what do the students think of the exchange?”  
A half dozen of the students, including Gavin and Darian, eagerly agreed to go, the others were a bit less exuberant about the idea now that it was more than a grand ideal and actually had flesh and bones.  They decided to remain safely in Astoria, as cautious of the Order as they ever had been of the Brethren.  Those from the south of the world had heard enough rumors to question the validity of Kronar’s enthusiasm.  At least they knew what the Brethren would and would not require of them.  Those who would be going on the expedition quickly packed their things and the Lady saw that they were provided with horses and provisions for the journey.  They set out at midday, eager for an adventure.  Gavin and Darian rode ahead with Taren and joyfully exchanged their thoughts with him.  He was not so sure he liked being suddenly responsible for all and sundry but he had gotten himself into this mess thus he must endure it.  
Gavin said, “now you shall see what an adventure is truly like without the hindrance of your master or the Lady to keep you from enjoying yourself.”
Taren laughed, “have you not yet learned that no matter your role in life there are responsibilities you cannot abandon?  There are those whom you must serve and acknowledge as your masters and those for whom you are responsible and must serve and protect in turn.  Even this Order for which you are so excited will have its own hierarchy and responsibilities and I fear a much less noble cause than you might wish.  Its sole occupation is seeing to its own future and glory whereas the Brethren serve everything but themselves.”  
Darian smiled, “fear not, a few days alone upon the road and we will have you convinced of our seeming nonsense.”  
Taren could only smile and looked back at the other four adventurous boys with them; all smiled eagerly and were caught up in their own grand schemes of what the future held.  Taren feared their stint with the Order might be a cold awakening for most of them.  Jaden had briefed him before he left on what to do if certain circumstances arose.  He was to see to the safety of the boys as best he could and also discover what the Order was up to in recent years.  If need be, he could summon Jaden via his mount and they would come with all haste.  The boys had not the adventuring experience of Taren, thus did not complain too bitterly when he assumed command of the small cadre.  As the days wore on they found themselves instinctively looking to him for guidance in setting up camp, choosing their road, setting the watch, and all activities involved in group travel in such a fashion.
Jaden watched his apprentice ride off with the half dozen boys in tow and wondered what strange adventures would meet him upon the road and in Panmycea.  Leading such a group would certainly be good for him and the experience might temper his eagerness for such adventures as he had all but proposed.  He then turned to his faux apprentice and said, “we had best be underway ourselves.”  
The young Knight said, “as you shall be leading this expedition I shall treat you as my captain and you need not call me Lieutenant.”  
Jaden nearly laughed, “you will obey my every order or I shall send you home immediately.  You will not question me in my decisions or attempt to advise me or act without my permission.  You are along on the Lady’s whim and can be dismissed at any moment.  I will not have you interfering in our mission because you think you know better.  Am I understood?”  
The boy blanched and saluted smartly saying, “yes sir.”  He had thought the Brethren weak and soft with a laxity of discipline not seen within the Order and had assumed he might be able to exploit that to his own advantage.  Jaden’s swift assumption of command had taken him completely aback but years of military training had drilled into him how to respond to such an order.  He found a grudging respect budding within him for the stern man.  He said, “now what sir?”  
Jaden smiled, “I expect to be obeyed but you need not call me sir.  Let us get packed and on the road.”  They quickly assembled their gear and made their way south.  The Lady wanted him close to Panmycea in case Taren needed him but they could not be idle as they waited for such a chance.  She had found them ample things to do in the south so that their time would not be spent in vain.


Chapter 4

The seven boys avoided anything adventurous upon the road and their enthusiasm for travel had waned greatly by the time they arrived in Panmycea.  The guards upon the city gates eyed them coldly, especially their swords, but said nothing.  The guards upon the gates of the great Citadel however were not so obliging.  The boys gawked at the intimidating structure that towered above them, but then they gaped at even the city itself.  “What do you want?” snarled the ranking guard, “we do not welcome armed strangers in our midst.”  
Gavin grinned foolishly and rode forward saying, “but we are not strangers!  We come at the behest of one Lieutenant Kronar.”  
The guard eyed him coldly, “that may be but I will need more proof than the word of a mere boy.”  The boys were quite taken aback at the coldness of the soldier, they had become used to the much more genial attitude of the Brethren.  
Taren rode forward, bowed in his saddle, and said, “the Lieutenant has sent a letter explaining our curious situation.”  
The man took the letter, read it, and said, “this is certainly a strange proposal.  I shall present it to my captain and he shall decide whether to humor your folly.”  He turned on his heel and walked briskly into the Citadel.  It was over an hour later that he returned with a grim looking senior officer walking before him.
The captain said, “the Lieutenant is quite bold in his assertions but I find the idea intriguing, especially if it might gain such a number of partially trained recruits.  Come, we shall see what to make of you.”  
They were allowed to ride into the great courtyard and their mounts were taken by grim servants who lacked the overt cheer exhibited by most of the servants of Astoria.  There was very little joy or humor within the austerity of the Citadel and the boys keenly felt the lack.  Their swords were also confiscated and the captain herded them into a small audience chamber where they were allowed to sit.  He paced before them, “this is highly unusual.  We usually do not let people join and simply walk away should they find the experience lacking.  We would usually consider such an act desertion, punishable by death.  But the lieutenant says you all wish to try your hand at the Order and may eventually decide to make it official.  I would ask that you join and once you have signed with us, to remain faithful for a long and glorious career.  Are you so reluctant to join our ranks as to think we may make an exception to our usual protocol?”  
Taren looked around at his fellow neophytes and said, “sir, these boys are very curious at the words they have heard your lieutenant speak and wish to discover for themselves the veracity of his statements.  They are uneasy about committing to such a thing on his word alone.  If you deny our request we must decline the lieutenant’s offer and return home without ever the chance of even considering to join your ranks.”
The captain grumbled, “this is a great gamble on my part.  If I can convince all of you to join our ranks I will gain considerable advantage but if this falls flat I may lose my head for such presumption.”  
Taren said, “you risk much, as do we in making this offer but we are firm in our desire.  At least it offers you the chance of gaining our service.”  
The man smiled grimly, “and if I simply turned away such a number of recruits my life might very well be forfeit.  All right, I shall humor you for now, but I may demand at any point that you all sign on or abandon this farce immediately.  Agreed?”  The boys nodded eagerly and smiled for the first time since entering the grim structure.  The captain said quietly to no one in particular, “this is complete madness, let us hope the High Council is as egalitarian as I am on the matter.”  He assigned the boys to a room for the night while he tried to think of what to do with these raw recruits who were not even yet officially recruits.  He assigned an unhappy lieutenant to run them through their paces and see what exactly they knew and had yet to learn.  All were students that had been in Astoria for at least a year and by now were quite familiar with the various military arts.  He returned to the captain with an exemplary report and a broad smile.  The captain said, “perhaps we shall send them south under your charge on a patrol circuit?”  
“Me sir?” asked the terrified Lieutenant Larkin.  
The captain smiled grimly, “yes you.  If this fails completely it shall be your head on a pike rather than mine.  See that you do not fail.  It will get them out of the Citadel and perhaps away from the notice of the High Council.  If this succeeds we shall both profit much by it.  Now go!”  The terrified man literally ran from the captain’s presence, unhappy with his possibly grim future should things go ill.  The captain smiled, thinking himself quite out of danger if the venture failed but quite ready to take full credit should it succeed.
Larkin sought out his odd company and said, “I am Lieutenant Larkin and tomorrow I shall be leading you on a patrol of the Southern Kingdoms.  You are experienced enough with a sword that I do not think you a danger to yourself or others.  We shall hone your skills as we ride.  While you may not think yourselves an official part of the Order, you will however behave as such.  You will obey my orders immediately and without question or you can leave now.  Understood?”  The boys blanched but nodded grimly.  So much for their notions of a frolicsome romp; they suddenly found themselves drafted.  Once again they wore a uniform and found that others expected them to behave appropriately and to follow orders, but this was a far grimmer experience than they had found with the Brethren.  For the first time they began to doubt the wisdom of this seeming lark.  
Once Larkin left them alone, Gavin said to Taren, “I am beginning to see that your warning to us was not so mad after all.”  
Darian sighed, “perhaps once we are again on the road things shall improve?”  The other boys did not look hopeful.  Nor did the wakeup call before dawn do much to cultivate hopeful feelings.  They had hoped the Order would be a more lenient and enjoyable organization than the Brethren seemed, but they were more strict, if anything, and far less good humored.  They also began to fear that mistakes were also punished much more severely.
They dressed in their new uniforms and were quickly in their saddles and following Larkin out of the city in a mockery of military precision.  He smiled back scornfully at his pathetic patrol and tried not to look his comrades in the eye as they passed the gate guards, embarrassed to lead such a company.  They rode all day, stopping only long enough to water and rest the horses.  As the sun set, they nearly fell out of their saddles in exhaustion and began to set up camp.  The first to stand watch were not pleased but did as they were bidden.  Larkin watched in grim amusement as his charges labored reluctantly through the day.  Taren was the only one who did not seem overly tired by the ordeal.  He also seemed to be something of a leader for the raggedy band of renegades.  
Larkin approached him after the camp chores were finished and the weary campaigners gratefully sought their blankets.  He said, “you do not seem overly concerned about the rigors of the day.  Why are you so much more relaxed than the rest of these pathetic children?”  
Taren said, “do not be too hard on them.  They are eager but know little of what they have gotten themselves into.  I have endured far worse in terms of travel; their most rigorous journey was from Astoria to Panmycea.  They yet think this some grand lark.”  
Larkin said, “why do they look to you as their leader?”  
Taren said, “I am the most experienced man among them.  Fear not, they shall quickly adapt and will not be an embarrassment to your uniform once they do.  They have the heart but only lack the experience.”
Larkin nodded, “you are far more lenient than I am prone to be.”  
Taren smiled, “not lenient, simply realistic.  Were you not a beginner once too?”  
Larkin nodded and decided to be a little more patient with the novice boys until they had adapted to the new demands placed so suddenly upon them.  He then said, “I need a Second and you will be it.  If something should happen to me or I need someone else to lead, that will be you.  Understood?”  
Taren nodded, wondering just what his new duties would entail.  He went to bed with that question looming unanswered before his weary mind.  They were again upon the road early and endured another grueling day of travel.  They were bound for the Southern Kingdoms, whence they would make a great circuit dispensing justice and maintaining order, whatever that meant.  The rulers did not appreciate this interference in their local affairs but turned a blind eye as long as the Order did not cause major problems.  Taren wondered exactly what Larkin’s definition of order and justice were.  They would soon find out.  
Jaden and Kronar were on a similar mission.  They would range throughout the south and east of the world chasing bandits, judging cases, teaching all who would listen, and advising those who wished it.  As Taren had predicted, the boys adapted quickly to their new routine and even began to learn what military precision was.  They were still not sure they wholly approved of all of it but they were far less terrified by the idea.
They finally reached the place where their official patrol was to begin, as Larkin said, “we are here to enforce order, maintain the peace, and dispense justice.  Any questions?”  
Taren asked, “by what standards are we defining order and justice?  Do the standards of the Common Law apply or is there some body of law peculiar to the Order that must be maintained or do we hold local law as the standard?”  
Larkin gave him an irritated look, “they are whatever I decide them to be.  Now let us be going and quit bothering me with foolish questions.”  They mounted up and rode on.  For the most part, the locals were quite used to such incursions by representatives of the Order and were eager to stay out of their way and avoid any unnecessary entanglements.  Those that might object to such interference were cowed by the thought of confronting seven armed men, even though they looked little more than boys.  So it was that a week passed without much of note happening.
Jaden and Kronar were having a fairly easy time of things (at least by the standards of the Messenger sect).  Kronar was amazed at the odd mix of duties expected of them on this excursion.  He was bored by their frequent stops to enlighten the people (as Jaden saw it) about various tales or some aspect of Truth or Law.  He found the process of hearing a case and then passing down a judgment intriguing though he could not fully understand some of the decisions thus handed down.  He looked forward to the chance to chase down some criminal and perhaps see the legendary martial skills of the Brethren in action.  He was impressed with his host’s knowledge and ability to adapt to a variety of situations.  His only wish was that the man did not pontificate so much on the tenets of the Brethren.  Whatever Kronar felt personally, the peasants seemed to find it quite intriguing.  
Finally the chance came for them to do something useful: they would be chasing down a small band of renegades that were haunting the immediate area.  They were just discussing the details with the distraught village mayor when seven armed horsemen in the uniform of the Order rode into the village.  The Mayor’s mouth dropped and he hastened to greet the newcomers and perhaps beg their assistance in this endeavor.  Larkin thought this an excellent chance to test the mettle of his charges and readily agreed, but was not happy to learn that the Brethren would be helping in the enterprise.  He ordered his men to dismount and motioned for his second to follow as he went to confer with these pesky Brethren.  He was startled to find Kronar riding with such a man.  Kronar seemed far too amused by the predicament.  Taren shared an amused grin with Jaden; this would certainly be interesting!
Larkin said to Kronar, “so you have abandoned the Order to ride for the Brethren?”  
Kronar laughed, “no more than your Second has abandoned the Brethren to ride for the Order.”
Larkin gave Taren an odd look, “what is he talking about?”  
Taren smiled, “I am an apprentice of the Brethren temporarily riding for the Order.  Kronar is enduring a similar trial, as it were.  We are both curious as to the truth of our occasional enemies and wished to ride for a time in their company to see what they are truly like in hopes of gaining mutual understanding.”  
Larkin shook his head, “this is ridiculous.  I was going to turn you both away from this little escapade but perhaps a real officer of the Order may come in handy.  Of course Kronar will be my new Second and the Brethren will obey my orders or leave this matter to us.”  
Jaden shook his head, “I think not.  Kronar has agreed to abide by my orders else he will leave my company immediately.  Neither will I feel free to order about your Second, who is more usually found in the office of my apprentice.  We will remain as we are: two separate groups but work together to end this threat.  Else we shall pursue these bandits without your aid and we shall each endanger the other for our lack of cooperation and thereby perhaps allow the bandits to escape.”
Larkin growled, “I do not like it but I think you have the right of it, though this whole concept is nonsensical.”  
Jaden smiled, “it may be nonsensical but we each have our particular orders and must abide by them.”  
Larkin laughed, “at least you are a man of duty.  Let us plan how this charade shall be accomplished then.”  
The leaders of both contingents, along with the mayor and certain key witnesses, sat down together to discuss the bandit problem.  They had been seen in the area not a day ago.  They would suddenly descend out of the trees upon unwary travelers, a merchant caravan, or an isolated farm, but they were not yet bold or numerous enough to attempt ransacking the villages in the area.  They numbered about six men and the mayor said, glancing nervously at Larkin, “there is one small complication I think you should be aware of.  They wear uniforms similar to yours, save more worn and dirty.”  
Larkin growled, “they must have acquired makeshift uniforms somewhere: a mockery of the Order’s dignity.  We shall destroy them for their temerity alone!”  
Jaden asked, “are they prone to violence or do they take what they want and run?”  
The Mayor shook his head sadly, “they kill everyone first and then despoil their property.  We have lost many good folk by their hand.  I pray you can rescue us from their predations ere they grow even more violent and bold.”  
Larkin rose from the table and said, “we ride now.”  
Jaden nodded, they gathered their men, and rode in pursuit of their quarry.  A few of the villagers were excellent scouts and led them to the place where they could pick up the bandit’s trail and follow it from there.  They camped for the night and started early the next morning, the trail was very fresh and they hoped to assault the bandits that day.  They would send a volley of arrows among them and then fall upon the survivors with their swords.  The moment of action came, the six boys were very nervous and Larkin was restless; there was something he did not like about these men sharing his uniform.  The bandits had fallen upon another farm; most of the family was already beyond rescue and one of the bandits was about to kill the sole survivor.  He raised his dagger and laughed coldly as the woman wept both for herself and her murdered family.  Larkin was about to order his boys to fire, when to his horror he recognized a few of the men in the marauding band.  This was not a horde of bandits with faux uniforms but a company of Knights of the Order who had fallen into banditry.  
“Hold your fire,” snapped Larkin.  The boys froze in terror but Taren did not heed the command and sent an arrow through the heart of the man about to kill the poor woman.  He fell dead and she fainted in surprise and horror, falling gratefully into darkness.  Larkin stared at his Second in disbelief, “can you not obey orders?”  
Taren said, “these men are obviously criminals and that woman’s life was about to end horrifically.”  
Larkin snarled, “I do not care about that woman’s life, the lives of those men are far more valuable!  They are Knights of the Order!”  
Taren said grimly, “they are bandits and will be treated as such!”  
Larkin did not reply, for the bandits were now in uproar, having realized that something was amiss.  Jaden and Kronar rushed into the fray, not realizing there was some trouble with their allies.  Outnumbered, they were easy targets for the bandits.  One made ready to run Kronar through but Jaden saw his danger and leapt between them, taking the blade through the abdomen and falling limply to the ground in a quickly spreading pool of his own blood.  The bandit withdrew his blade and made to strike at his original victim but Larkin yelled, “stop!  He is a Knight of the Order!”  
All the bandits froze and stared at Larkin and his boys as they emerged from the heavy brush that had concealed them.  They recognized the uniform and Larkin, but seemed ready to dispose of the witnesses if necessary.  Larkin said placatingly, “we accidently killed one of your number before we realized you were no mean bandits but Knights of the Order.  The perpetrator shall be punished of course.  The man you slew is of no account, therefore you need not worry.”  Taren and Kronar stared in disbelief at Larkin.  Of no account?  Jaden had given his life for Kronar’s and that meant nothing?  These men were caught in the act of murder and banditry and they were treated with the greatest respect?  It did not make sense.  
Kronar protested, “he died in my stead and you would call that inconsequential?  These men are obviously criminals yet you treat them as brothers!  What is wrong with you?”
Larkin growled, “I will not be lectured!  These men are our brothers-in-arms.  That man was nothing but a nuisance.  I am glad he did us the double favor of saving your life and ridding us of his.  His apprentice here will be tried and executed for his murder of one of our agents.”  
Kronar said, “this is not justice!”  
Larkin scoffed, “you have been among the Brethren too long, my treasonous friend.  Moderate your tone or you shall join your friend among the dead.  Justice is whatever the Order defines it to be.  What are a few peasants and a vigilante compared to a Knight of the Order?  We should be able to do as we please to lesser folk.  As far as you are concerned, the story is as I shall tell it.  Understood?”  
Kronar growled, “I do not understand nor will I abide by your insanity.  I will tell the world of your treachery even if I need to abandon the Order to do it.  I begin to see that men truly do need the Master else they are too easily drawn into corruption and selfishness.”  
He turned to Taren, who was now held firmly by two of the bandits and asked, “what must I do to seek the Master?”  
Taren smiled grimly, “humble yourself before Him, call out to Him, and you will surely find Him.”  Taren earned himself a cuff to the back of the head and slumped, momentarily stunned.  
Larkin sneered at Kronar, “you wish to join the Brethren do you?  Well you shall not have the chance.  I will not see these honorable men perjured.  Swear to me that you will do as you are told or you will be permanently rendered speechless.”  
Kronar glanced at Jaden’s prone form and said, “I want none of your so-called justice.  Do what you must and let the Master have mercy upon me.”  He went to his knees and tears ran down his cheeks; he had not realized how his respect for his odd companion had grown in their weeks together.  Larkin laughed scornfully and mocked his rebellious comrade as he ran him through the chest with his sword.  He groaned once and fell to the ground, his eyes staring blankly.  Larkin looked down at his handiwork and seemed pleased with himself.  
He turned to the boys, saying, “anyone else foolish enough to offer conflicting commentary?”  
Gavin and Darian were restless, anxious to speak out but terrified to die.  They looked upon Taren with grief-filled eyes, not knowing what to do.  Finally Gavin said, “you have no right!”  
Larkin scoffed, “I have every right.  I am the ranking officer in this party; what I say is truth must be supported as truth by my underlings.  Understood?”  
“I do not understand,” said Darian with tears in his eyes, “this is not what the Order was portrayed to be.”  
Larkin laughed him to scorn, “propaganda my young fool!  How else do you think we garner recruits?  We lie to them and once they join, they are in so deep that they cannot ever leave and are soon happy partakers in our grab for power.  If you object I can leave you here for the scavengers.”  
Gavin was weeping openly now, “you have killed two men of honor this day and threaten to do the same to a third.  Two are my friends and I respected the third.  You do all this to protect scoundrels, murderers, and thieves?  I cannot stand it any longer.  I want nothing to do with your wretched Order.”  
“Neither do I,” said Darian weakly.  
Larkin scorned them, “have you too fallen victim to the fallacies of the Brethren then?”  
The pair looked at the prone Jaden and their captive friend hanging limply in the clutches of two of the bandits.  Darian said, “they are willing to die for their beliefs.  You are simply willing to lie and kill for yours.  I side with them, may the Master forgive my former doubt and foolish pride.”  
Gavin said, “I finally come to realize my own short-sightedness, when all was plain before me I chose not to see.  The Master is the only reality.  Do with us as you must but I will die in His keeping!”
Larkin scoffed, “you have brought this upon yourselves.  Anyone else wish to protest or is this little coup ended?”  The four remaining boys were well and truly cowed.  Larkin smiled grimly, “good, let this be ended.”  He again drew his sword and pierced the chest of first one and then the other.  They fell gasping in pain but he had wounded them such that they might lay dying for hours, if not days.  They deserved a slow death for their arrogance.  He taunted the moribund boys, “perhaps some kindly predator will come along to end your suffering, but it is nothing compared to what your friend here will endure at the hands of the Order.  Farewell, and know that your temerity has earned you nothing but an agonizing death.”  He motioned for the bandits and the four boys to mount up.  They secured the unconscious Taren to the back of Gavin’s horse and soon disappeared.  
Gavin thought himself in some strange delirium, for the whole farmyard had acquired a bright but diffuse glow, as of early morning sunlight through a mist.  He exchanged a pained look with Darian but it seemed his friend saw it too.  The mist obscured everything save the fallen forms of Jaden and Kronar.  Jaden moved weakly and groaned a bit, apparently clinging to life though they had thought him quite dead.  Kronar stood beside himself, curious but unafraid.  He looked down on his stricken friend sadly, and shared a pained look with the dying boys, who did not know whether to be terrified or intrigued by the seeming ghost before them.
A Great Unicorn stepped out of the mist and Kronar knelt before Him, being the only person present able to do the Master that honor.  He looked upon the bowed head of the young Knight and said, “so you have found Me at last?”  
The man looked up with desperate hope upon his face, “if you will have me, Lord.”  
The Master smiled, “I will have any who will have Me.  Come, this mortal sphere with all its confusion and sorrow is no longer your home.”  The joyful man flung his arms around the great neck, then he stepped back with a radiant smile upon his face and suddenly vanished.  The Master then turned His attention to the two stricken boys, they tried to move away in terror but were too weak to go far.  The Master said, “why do you cower in terror?  None have reason to fear Me, save those who deny Me for something else, and even then My sorrow is greater than My wrath.  Come, you have both called upon Me and were willing to die rather than face injustice.  You have naught to fear.”  
Gavin whispered, “but for so long we have denied You and run from You.”  
The Master smiled slightly and said, “you have run from Me in the past though I called ever to you, you would not heed Me until the very last.  But this is not yet the end.  I have need of your service.  You have begun to trust Me, will you trust Me fully?”  
Gavin said, “of what use are two boys on the brink of death, unable even to stand?”  
The Master said, “what is death to Him that has borne and conquered it?  In life or death I can use you still, if you are willing to serve Me?”
Darian laughed joyously, “if You can find some use for this wretch before you, then tell me what I must do.”  
Gavin smiled, “I will serve willingly though I know not what I can do.”  
The Master shook His head, “you know Me but little and therefore your faith is not strong, but come, stand and know that I am not weak.”  
The boys’ eyes widened as they found themselves able to stand and fully healed.  They then went to their knees before the towering form before them.  Gavin said, “You have redeemed me from death, my life is Yours.”  
Darian said, “be it unto me as You have spoken.”  
The Master smiled deeply and said, “then taste of My blood and enter My service.  You will have need of My strength in the days to come.”  They shared a horrified look but did as they were bidden; they then shared a smile of pure joy.  “Now,” said the Master, “you will need help and guidance in the quest I shall set you, for you yet have much to learn of Me.”  He glanced over his shoulder expectantly and Jaden miraculously heaved himself to his feet.  His whole front was a mess of dirt and blood, but he walked towards the Master and knelt before Him with bowed head.  The Master nuzzled him gently, “you have endured much grief My son and must yet endure more ere I call you home.  But take heart in My strength and faithfulness.  Take these, My servants and ride for Panmycea; there you must witness what will there unfold.  I fear you must again watch your apprentice die, but he is Mine so weep not, for you shall meet again beyond time.”
Jaden had tears in his eyes when he said, “Master, why must I continually be spared yet all those about me die in Your service?  Cannot I take his place and spare the boy?”  
The Master said firmly, “it is not for you to question My will or the path of any life, but simply to do as you know you must.  I have My reasons for all things, even if mortal mind cannot fully understand it.  Fear not, for I am no mortal and know all things and have seen all things and will all things.  While I reign, and I shall forever, you need never doubt or question what transpires though it troubles you greatly.”  
Jaden bowed his head once more and said, “forgive my lack of faith.”  
The Master smiled gently, “it was not a lack of faith but compassion fueled by ignorance.  You are all in My keeping and though life may be filled with sorrow, pain, and grief you will come out the other side and find things greater than you could ever dream.  Continue to trust in Me and you will not be led astray.  Now ride to Panmycea and give hope to those whose hearts this tragedy will unsettle.  A new danger to My servants will also arise and this also you must bring to the Lady’s attention.  Farewell, My dear ones.”  
Suddenly He was gone, as was the mist and Kronar’s body.  The two boys exchanged looks of astonishment and joy with Jaden, who shook his head in wonder.  Gavin looked Jaden over and laughed, “I do not know how we are to ride to Panmycea with our horses gone and they will never let you into the city looking like that.”  Jaden smiled ruefully but did not seem overly concerned.  Two unicorns emerged from the forest, still bearing their tack and saddlebags.  Jaden’s mount greeted him enthusiastically but Taren’s mare seemed utterly dejected.  The Master had forbidden her from pursuing her master and her spirit chafed against His prohibition but she knew she must obey.


Chapter 5

That at least answered how they were to get to Panmycea in presentable fashion, but Jaden did not seem overly interested in the creatures for the moment.  He approached the woman who was to be the bandit’s last victim.  There was not a mark upon her but she was certainly dead.  The look of horror upon her face had been replaced by utter peace.  Jaden looked upon her slain family and knew the Master had taken pity upon her in the midst of great sorrow and horror.  They buried the family together in the orchard and then began to cleanse themselves from the mischief of the day.  Presentable once more and garbed in plain clothes, Jaden mounted his unicorn and the mare allowed the two boys upon her back.  They set forth for Panmycea immediately, dreading what they knew was to come but knowing they must endure it for the sake of those whose hearts would be touched in the process.  
As they rode, Gavin asked of Jaden, “what is it exactly we are to do?”  
Jaden sighed, “Taren I think will bear witness to the atrocities and injustices of the Order and his tragic end, whatever it may be, will move the hearts of many to seek the Master.  We must be there to bear witness to His grace and power, the hope He offers to all men.  We must also ascertain this new threat to the Brethren the Master spoke of.”  The boys nodded grimly.  
Then Darian asked rather awkwardly, “this is a strange question and certainly off topic, but why is there a slight glow about yourself and Gavin?”  
Jaden smiled, “so that you know we are your comrades.  The same appears about yourself in the eyes of all those sworn to the Master.”
Darian looked stricken, “we are of the Brethren?  But we have not taken the Oath!”  
Jaden chuckled, “you have perhaps not taken the official Oath but you knelt before the Master Himself and swore yourselves to His service and even tasted of His blood.  You have done something that few in our history have ever done but the result is still the same, for we all must make a vow before the Master and taste of His blood ere we are sealed to Him.”  
Gavin laughed, “I had always thought all of you idealistic fools and now I find myself accidentally numbered among you, and find myself the true fool for not seeing sooner what is now so plain.”  
Jaden said gently, “there are no accidents, my friend.  You knew very well what you were doing else the Master would not have accepted your vows.  Life is also full of distractions that mar the Truth and often keep us from seeing truly.”  
Darian asked, “how are we to infiltrate Panmycea?  I know it is foolish to try and present ourselves in our borrowed uniforms.”  
Jaden nodded, “none of us shall shave as we ride forth, that we may have at least a pathetic growth of beard to help hide our identities ere we reach Panmycea.  I am sure it will not be difficult to enter the city, as they will want many to watch this spectacle that they might inspire fear within the people and thus ensure order.”  
Gavin smiled, “I am glad the Master thought to send you along on this errand, we would be completely clueless if left to ourselves.”  
Jaden smiled, “that is why the Lady makes sure our newest recruits must endure an apprenticeship ere they are loosed on errands of their own.”  They did not ride as hard as the unicorns could go, for they did not wish to arrive too much before Larkin’s band of thieves.  Once they did arrive, they slipped quietly into the city and waited the arrival of the coming storm that might well set many hearts afire in this dark and grim town.  
It was a somber and grim journey for the men in Larkin’s party.  The Knights turned bandits were jocular and almost giddy about their situation.  The four surviving boys were silent with fear and contemplation.  Would they dare speak out against what they knew was wrong and risk certain death or would they abandon truth and share in the power and corruption of the Order?  They did not wish to die and the glory they might gain by joining the Order began to seem more and more appealing.  Had they not abandoned Astoria for just such a pursuit?  
Taren spent most of his time gagged and bound, making for a very miserable trip physically.  His heart ached for Jaden and the others, who he assumed dead, but he knew he most likely would be joining them thus he did not mourn too much.  The more desperate and depressing his situation became the more his trust in the Master grew.  His eyes shone defiantly and there was no lack of hope found therein, much to Larkin’s dismay.  He had hoped to break the spirit of the boy and enjoy the spectacle as he broke Oath and begged for mercy.  It seemed his fancies would not be thus fulfilled.  It was almost a relief when they reached Panmycea, for at least the doubtful and weary journey was ended.  Taren grieved for the four boys amongst them; he longed to speak with them but was prevented from doing even that.  He silently prayed that they might yet find redemption though it cost them their lives.
They rode through the gates unhindered, as it was obvious they were Knights of the Order.  Larkin wasted no time in presenting his case to the captain that had sent him on the strange adventure.  Larkin’s story was thus: they had fallen upon a gang of bandits, whom they completely destroyed, but not before two of the boys and Kronar had been killed.  The Brethren in their midst had gone berserk; Jaden was killed when he thought to fall upon Kronar.  Taren had slain one of the Knights that had fortuitously been in the area and had aided them in ending the bandit threat.  They had brought the fiend back to Panmycea for trial and to be made a public example of.  The four boys were said to have agreed to join the Order; backing out on their part would be considered desertion and treated appropriately.  The captain was impressed by the story and quickly carried it to the High Council, which was eager to have such a fiasco judged before the whole city.  It was a perfect chance to show the true terror of the Order and thus inspire fear and respect in the eyes of the world.  
A tribunal was set up in the midst of the city that all might watch in terror and fascination and carry word to all ends of the earth of the superiority and power of the Order.  The High Council sat as judges, Larkin paced back and forth telling his fabricated tale in extensive detail and always pointing at the prisoner with accusation strong in his voice.  The bandits and the four boys sat off to one side as witnesses, ready to give testimony at the appointed time.  
Taren’s hands were bound and his mouth gagged.  He would be allowed to give his testimony before the verdict was rendered but all the witnesses were against him unless one of the boys came to a sudden change of heart.  For now, they seemed too fearful for their lives to speak out.  Two seemed overeager to partake in the Order’s treachery.  Larkin finished saying, “thus has this traitor acted and I appeal to the testimony of the others here gathered.  Listen not to the lies this traitor shall certainly espouse.  The testimony of the others should cast no doubts upon the whole ordeal.”  
One of the councilmen said, “have the witnesses anything to add?”  
The leader of the bandits said, “we agree fully with the testimony of our most honorable comrade.”  The four boys were the only ones who might have objected but two were cowed by fear and two silent because they were eager for the power the Order seemed on the verge of giving them.  
The councilman said, “if there is no more testimony from that quarter let the prisoner speak.”  
They finally removed the gag from Taren’s mouth and it took him some moments to work feeling into his unused tongue and mouth.  Larkin watched him with a sneer.  The boy locked eyes with each of the four boys: two studied their feet in shame and the other two smiled back derisively.  Finally, he met the eyes of the councilmen and began to speak.  He said, “men of the tribunal, I stand before you already condemned for a crime that never took place.  Four good men are dead because they would offer testimony against the fabrication displayed before you this day.  Of the men who offered witness, five are little better than bandits, two are terrified into silence, two remain silent for their own selfish reasons, and the main spokesman is a liar and murderer through and through.  Here is the story as it really happened, the story they are loath to tell and which I fear you will not believe because you dare not.  But know by the Oath what I say is true to the best of my knowledge.  Of the ending I have little doubt though I lack exact details, for I was rendered unconscious ere it ended.  
Eight of us plus two others planned to fall upon the bandits preying upon the locals in a certain area away south.  We were to bombard them with arrows and then fall upon them with the sword, but before we could launch our volley, Lieutenant Larkin noted the bandits were Knights of the Order and of his former acquaintance.  He ordered the men under his command not to fire for fear of harming his comrades.  I heeded him not, for they had just murdered an entire family and one foul man was about to do away with the last member of that lost clan.  My arrow took him in the chest and he moved no more.  Larkin then lashed me with his tongue while our two allies, unaware of the change in plans, fell upon the bandits with their swords.  Lieutenant Kronar, one of your own Knights, was about to be slain by one of the fiends but one of the Brethren took the sword meant for him, dying to save his life.  This was the very man accused of trying to kill the Lieutenant!  Larkin finally called his bandit friends to heel and I was taken captive.  Kronar protested what had just occurred, unwilling to see such injustice perpetrated.  We conversed briefly which earned me a clout to the head and I knew no more until we were well away from that place, but Kronar and two of my dearest friends were not among our party and I know in my heart they were killed for their temerity in standing against this blatant abuse of justice.  These men ride back heroes but are nothing more than murderers, liars, and cowards!”  
The councilmen looked astonished.  Larkin continued to sneer.  The commonfolk who looked on felt the truth in the boy’s words and had long known the injustice native to the Order.  “Are you finished?” sneered Larkin, “I have never heard such a terrible smear against our pristine reputation.  No knight of the Order could act thus.  You have perjured yourself and shown your guilt and treachery a thousand times over.”  
One of the councilmen stood and said, “these are dire accusations if true.  Of course none of it can be so.  Either you are not one of the Brethren or the Brethren are certainly able to lie.  Either way I care not.  I give you one last chance to change your tale and beg the forgiveness of this tribunal ere we render a verdict.”  
Taren said quietly but boldly, “my story is true and each of these knows it.  I cannot change your willing disbelief but neither will I lie to save my own life.  I am sworn to the Master and will not lose my soul to save my life.  My testimony stands.”
There was much murmuring among everyone gathered.  No one stood against the Order in such a way unless they were mad or suicidal.  The councilman smiled coldly, “then you have chosen your own fate.  We need not withdraw to agree on a verdict.  I think I can safely say that we all think you obviously guilty of all charges and much worse.  I do not like the threat the Brethren now seem to pose to the Order but we shall deal with that later.  I vote for the usual penalty for treason and that it be carried out immediately that all may stand witness to the Order’s desire to see justice done.”  The other councilmen agreed with him completely and preparations were made to burn Taren alive.  Some looked on eagerly, many in horror, others wept, but many hearts were driven to ask what would make a man endure so much to stand by the Truth when offered a way out if only he would submit to a lie?  
The three Brethren watched sorrowfully but knew that it was dreadfully necessary and by no means vain.  When it was over the lead councilman announced to all that yet remained, “thus has justice been rendered; let all take heed and learn from this man’s mistakes.  Now as to these Brethren, I think it best if we end this problem swiftly.  I am appointing two units of my men to hunt them down wherever they choose to hide and destroy them like the lurking rats they are.  The men chosen for this assignment are they that sit before you today and being so injured by recent events, they will have much zeal in the quest set before them.”
Most of the named individuals looked eager for such an assignment and the glory sure to follow, but the two reluctant boys looked rather nauseous.  By now the three Brethren present knew those ten faces far too well and would be able to warn their comrades to be wary of such hunters.  They slipped silently from the throng and spent several days speaking in quiet back rooms or dark alleys with those who had witnessed the spectacle or had heard rumors of it and were curious about greater things.  Many hearts were touched but it would be many years before Panmycea again went up in such metaphysical flames.  They rode back to Astoria ere the rumor of their presence could doom them.  

The four boys were assigned to Larkin and the five bandits formed another unit meant solely to hunt down any of the Brethren they could find, though little of fact was known about them, even by the four who had studied in Astoria for a time.  Kronar would have been their best source of information, as he was trained to observe such things from a military perspective, but the dead offered poor witness.  The two reluctant boys were silent out of recalcitrance and the other two were silent out of ignorance, for they had not gone to Astoria to study the Brethren but everything else imaginable.  They wanted to know as much as they could on the subject so they brought in as many witnesses as they could find but to no avail.  Few knew the truth of the matter, the testimony they heard conflicted terribly leading them to assume they must discover the truth on their own.  Larkin resolved to go to Astoria on a reconnaissance mission, posing as a student.  He would send word back to the bandits when he knew anything of use.  The four boys would go back and resume their studies as well and do what they could to undermine their fellow students and the cause of the Brethren as a whole.  They were also each to make detailed notes, sketches, and descriptions of all the Brethren they encountered during their ‘studies.”  
The five bandits wanted to go out hunting immediately but Larkin forbade it saying they had only bad intelligence and that was worse than no intelligence.  One did not launch into battle unless one had an idea of what the enemy was doing and who he was.  For now, they knew not the face or habits of their foes.  The five agreed to wait until Larkin loosed them upon the Brethren and remained in Panmycea until he gave them leave to begin their new mission.
By now Jaden and the two boys had ridden back to Astoria and passed along all they knew of the emerging threat.  Sketches were made and passed along to all the Brethren scattered abroad in the world that they might know the face of their enemy and either avoid them or capture them.  They became very wary around armed strangers, especially Knights of the Order.  It was not long before the five students arrived, planning to begin their espionage.  Larkin was sure that word of what had happened would never reach Astoria, for no reliable witness had survived.  Gavin and Darian were both assigned to Jaden as his new apprentices, and when word came that the gate guards had sighted five of the supposed hunters, the three made sure they would not be seen by the returning students.  The five were allowed to enter Astoria and treated as if nothing strange were going on.  The rest of the students were none the wiser but the Brethren knew full well what was happening.  
The students eagerly welcomed back their long absent friends and asked many questions of their adventures and their thoughts on the Order.  The returning students wondered why no one asked about the absent two, but it was known that they had ridden back sometime earlier and were now apprenticing with the Messenger sect, thus they were no longer a topic of interest among the students.  Once someone chose to join the ranks of the Brethren they ceased to be of interest to the remaining students save perhaps to some of their former friends, it was as if the person had died or moved to a far country.  It was little talked of and then only in hushed tones, for they felt it a matter of some mystery and significance even if they did not fully understand why.  Thus they had no reason to make up a story about what had happened to two of their number, though they were relieved they felt it rather odd.  No one among the students noted Taren’s absence, for he was already one of the Brethren and who could predict their movements?
They did of course wonder what had come of Kronar, to which Larkin replied, “he is probably yet abroad with one of the Brethren for all I know.  Perhaps his fool errand got him killed?  That is what happens when one involves oneself with such misguided idealists.”  The students nodded sagely, as if this were only commonsense.  They knew Jaden had returned and wondered even more what had come of Kronar.  Perhaps he was dead or had grown weary of Astoria and returned to Panmycea.  Larkin soon took up where Kronar had left off in extolling the virtues of the Order.  They all of course had to attend classes and be good little students to maintain their place within the heart of enemy territory but all the while they felt their time well spent in gathering information and turning the hearts of their fellow students away from the Brethren.  
The two complicit students eagerly fell in with Larkin’s plots but the two reluctant students did as much as they had to but no more, each day they felt more and more guilty and very uncomfortable: as if the ghosts of their former comrades looked on from beyond the grave with vacant and accusing eyes.  There were some nights they would have wept themselves to sleep had they the nerve with Larkin nearby.  They would have gone to the Brethren for help in their agony but feared Larkin too much and thought their lives justly forfeit if the Brethren knew the truth of matters, thus they were forced to play along with their vile leader and weep in silence and great torment of heart.
Larkin was quickly gathering the information he felt he needed to accomplish the task for which he had been sent.  His heart sank to think that there were so many of the Brethren in existence and yet even more scattered across the world.  He learned their habits, customs, and weaknesses as he would for any enemy force.  He felt himself quite adept at discerning them even when they tried to hide their true identity.  He laughed at their pathetic ideals and knew them for great weakness.  He wondered how so many supposedly learned people could be so easily deceived.  He was vastly amused that they walked about freely within the very midst of their enemies and they knew it not.
Soon they would be able to return to Panmycea and begin to eat away at the Brethren’s numbers like so many mice.  They would also spread rumors and terrible propaganda about their enemies to discourage others from joining their ranks.  His only regret was that he could not somehow destroy some of them while he lingered in their city.  Larkin dreamed of ways to destroy a large number of his foes without drawing their attention.  His thoughts of poisoning the soup or some other treachery were simply dreams, for they were here to learn, not to act against their foes but he relished such thoughts.  He had come to possess a deep and abiding hatred of the Brethren, mostly because he did not understand their ability to change a man’s heart and this he feared above all else.  He felt there must be some deception in their words but he could not find it.
He hoped they were having some effect on the students around them.  He heard many conversations of a negative nature about the Brethren, but then there were always a number of students in Astoria who held the beliefs of their hosts in contempt.  He had not so much inspired distrust among the majority of the students as gained the appreciation of those already hostile towards the Brethren.  He had not changed hearts or minds but simply made the more discordant students more bold and vociferous in their dissent.  Whereas it used to be considered impolite to discuss such things publicly where their hosts might hear, it drew such conversations into the open as their boldness grew.  The Lady was not pleased with the growing unrest among her students and felt that soon the intruders would be leaving, thus she felt inclined to act.  The Brethren had been watching these spies as closely as they themselves were being watched and studied.  
Larkin and the two rebellious boys were quite enjoying themselves while the two reluctant students suffered in silent agony, almost willing to speak if only to end their torment.  Larkin knew how they felt and laughed the more, knowing they brought it upon themselves and must eventually come to that realization and thereby change their thinking and their behavior to that more appropriate to Knights of the Order.  How could they be effective Knights if they allowed their consciences to torment them so?  There were many things they would be ordered to do in the course of their service to the Order that would not sit well with those one might call just.  They had a higher duty and thus must learn to ignore or suppress such feelings and thoughts and simply think and feel as the Order told them they must.  The Order was a higher and greater purpose than all else on earth and they must learn their place within it.
Larkin had just about decided that it was time to go.  In a few days, they would pack their extensive notes and ride home to inform their masters of all they had learned.  The whole Order would be informed of the new project and what to look for in potential targets.  The Order was taking no chances with the Brethren.  They had ignored them for a century but no more; the world was not big enough for both of them.  Mostly they feared that the Brethren would make them look bad by comparison and that in itself was enough reason to see to their annihilation.  Larkin said to his underlings, “get ready to leave.  I think tomorrow or the day after at the latest, we will return home and begin what we have taken such pains to lay the groundwork for.”  
Larkin and his two eager acolytes then retired, but the two that continued in their silence could remain in the room no longer.  They escaped to the great walled in lawn and wandered aimlessly in the moonlight.  They dared not speak treason together even in the silence of the garden, though each knew how the other felt: near to bursting with grief and guilt.  Larkin knew of their idiocy and would spare no venom in showing them their folly when they were well away from Astoria, but there was little privacy in this place and he dared not do it here.  He also feared pushing them over the edge, which might result in them revealing his plot to someone.  For now, he tolerated their folly and let them wander in the dark if they must, to somehow find placation for their blighted souls in the solace of the moon.
The night was growing late and the moon hung heavy above, its light made watery by a thin veneer of cloud that crossed its full face.  Tears rolled silently down their cheeks and they kept companionable silence together but found little comfort for their aching hearts.  “It is late for such ramblings.  The Lady will not be pleased to find you out of bed,” said Jaden quietly from the shadow of a great tree on one side of the crevice that marred the face of the hill.  
They froze in terror, knowing the man for a ghost but some part of them was eager for an end to their grief, even be it death at the hands of some vengeful specter.  They turned towards the only door out of the garden but they found it guarded by two more of the dead.  Gavin and Darian stood quietly by the only egress and met the eyes of the two fretful boys.  Strangely, they looked like flesh and blood or would have, had the watery moon not cast their skin in an eerie pallor.  The first boy said, “so you have come to make an end of our treachery and right the wrongs of which we stand accountable?”  
Jaden said, “your only treachery was in keeping silent and the pain of that has tormented you ceaselessly in the intervening days.  You have suffered much and I think you know that speaking out would have spared you the agony even if it earned you a swift death.  I wonder if you might not have preferred it that way after what you have endured?”  
The other boy spoke, “then you have not come to end our torment one way or another, only to condemn us further with what we already know to our core?  Is this living death not punishment enough for our sins?”
Jaden motioned for them to come towards him and to seat themselves upon the benches beneath the tree.  Gavin and Darian approached the boys, who had resigned themselves to whatever fate their eerie hosts thought appropriate.  “There is no reason for terror,” said Jaden, “you speak not with the dead, but with men yet numbered among the living.  We draw breath just as you.  We are flesh and blood and bone just like anyone else.”  He stretched out his hand and they touched it, intrigued but very confused.  
The first said, “but we saw you dead and the others mortally wounded!  What then of Kronar and Taren, we watched them die as well?”  
Jaden said, “you left us for dead but we had not yet succumbed to that fate, though I was upon the very brink.  Kronar is certainly dead, as is Taren, neither shall ever again walk in mortal lands.  We however were spared for reasons of the Master’s own.  He healed our wounds Himself.  We rode to Panmycea and watched all that unfolded there, including your plot against the Brethren.”  
The other boy said, “then you know we remained silent when we might have spared Taren’s life?”  
Jaden nodded, “perhaps, but you more likely would have earned yourselves a death right alongside him.  The Master had use for his death even as He does for our lives.”  
“What then is to become of us if you know everything?” asked the first. 
Jaden said, “that greatly depends upon you.  I know your hearts grieve within you and you are nearly eager for death to end your torment but know that what you endure now is nothing compared with what eternity shall be like if you die sundered from the Master.”
The boys looked even more frightened and the other said, “then there is no hope in life or ever after?”  
Jaden smiled, “there is always hope, if only we are willing to seek it.  Come, release all the grief and anguish and guilt that have haunted you since that day.  Give it to the Master and know His peace.”  
The first looked surprised, “perhaps the Master can forgive us, we may even be able to one day forgive ourselves, but will the Brethren and the Lady be able to forgive such a wrong?”  
“They certainly shall,” said the Lady, stepping out from behind another tree.  The three Brethren bowed and the students froze in terror.  She shook her head in amusement, “do not look so petrified.  You were not this frightened of these seeming ghosts; why fear me so?”  
The first spoke, “but we have wronged you gravely.”  
The Lady smiled sadly, “you have done wrong but you also fully realize it and have suffered much grief on its account.  Come, it is time to free yourselves of this torment.  If you are truly sorry, then I can assure you of our forgiveness and you will know within yourselves that the Master has forgiven also.  You must also forgive yourselves.  Let the Enemy not torment and condemn you with thoughts of failure and a lifetime of such agony, for if you are serious in your repentance your wrongs shall be removed far from you.”
The tears broke forth like floodwaters from a broken dam and the boys wept, their sorrow and guilt finally breaking forth in a great torrent never again to return.  In all their days after it served as a reminder and a spur to do better, but never again did the agony of their wrongdoing torment them again as it had for so long.  The Lady smiled gently, “now the question is, what is to come of your lives hereafter?”  
The first student eventually regained his ability to speak and with many sniffles and stifled sobs said, “Jaden spoke of eternity without the Master, is it truly that bleak?  I would seek Him if I knew how.  Are the Brethren alone living within His will?”  
The Lady said, “all may seek the Master if they choose it, the Brethren are simply those who have chosen to dedicate all to His service.  The world would be a very dark and wretched place if none save the Brethren sought the Master.”  
The other said, “I also shall seek Him, but what of our future?  Will you punish us as we ought to be punished if justice is to be served?  We cannot remain with the Order or either our change of heart will not last or our lives will shortly be forfeit.”  
The Lady said, “the future is wide open and depends upon your choices.  I am content with your repentance and the Brethren shall not seek further redress for the wrongs your silence has helped encourage.  You may ride away and never look back but I think deep down you would like to right some of the wrongs you have helped perpetrate?”
The boys gazed at her in wonder, as if she could read minds.  She smiled, knowing the effect her insight had upon people.  The first boy said, “I certainly would like to end the menace we have helped birth.”  
The second said, “as would I.”  
The Lady said, “then you have two choices before you.  You must somehow find a way, on your own, to undermine from within those threats in which you were formerly complicit.  Otherwise you may enter my service and I will give you what aid and guidance I can in ending this threat to my servants.”  
The first boy said, “why must we go it alone if we choose not to enter your service?”  
The Lady said, “I cannot order you about or risk your lives if you have not chosen to serve me with all you are.  However, if you choose to join the Brethren, I can do with you as I please and therefore help you as best I can.  If you are not my servants I am afraid you are on your own in this endeavor, for I cannot risk the lives of those not sworn to the Brethren.”  
The other boy said, “you would still trust us in your service after our betrayal?”  
The Lady smiled slightly, “I will know full well if you break Oath and until you do, I shall trust you as much as anyone else, which is to say completely and without doubt.  But the choice is yours.”  First one and then the other knelt before her and she took their Oaths that night as the moon looked on.  They stood and gazed about in pure joy at each other and their new comrades.  They had thought it a great relief when the guilt had fled but this was sheer elation.  They had never felt or imagined such peace, especially after so long walking in doubt and dark and fear.  “Now,” said the Lady, “what are we to do about your former comrades?  I can send you off to the ends of the earth on an apprenticeship under the guidance of another of the Brethren but that will not satisfy you in righting your previous wrongs nor aid me in ending this threat.  But the choice is yours.  You know if you go back to Panmycea your very lives are at risk but that is where you must go if you are to end this nonsense.”  
The first boy, Kieran said, “I might lose my life but no more my soul.  Send me where you will Lady and let me do whatever you ask or die in the attempt.”  
His companion, Falke said, “I nearly welcomed death as a relief to my agony of heart but no longer do I fear it and almost welcome it for other reasons.  For if this is life in the Master’s keeping what then awaits beyond?  Send me where you will though it cost me my life, I am content in doing whatever it is the Master asks of me, living or dying in His service.”
The Lady smiled proudly and a bit sadly, “then I shall send you back to Panmycea to undermine from within those plots of which you are so well aware, though you know that every moment may well be your last if your change of heart becomes known or even suspected.  If the choice comes between death and again violating the Master’s laws you know what you must choose.”  They nodded grimly.  She smiled, “I hate to send you out without so much as an apprenticeship but there is not the time or chance of it until you have returned.  Feel free to send me word if you are able or request aid of any of your new comrades you discover in the field.  I shall send these three to follow at a distance that they may come to your aid if possible.  I commit you both to the Master’s keeping until we meet again on either side of eternity.  May the Master ride with you!”  
She then withdrew to her chambers and the two wide-eyed neophytes exchanged much excited conversation with their new comrades.  They had many questions about their new affiliation and Jaden answered what questions he could in the short time that remained ere they needed to seek their beds.  The two crept back to their room trying to hide their jubilation.  Thankfully, clouds obscured the moon and the room was draped in darkness.  “Well?” came Larkin’s sneering voice, “have you finally managed to come to your senses?”  
Kieran said, “we have finally come to realize the futility of our former thinking and have rectified things within ourselves.”  
Larkin’s condescension was strong in his voice, “it took you long enough.  Now go to sleep.”  The pair would have exchanged an excited smile but the darkness prevented such a conspiracy of joy.


Chapter 6

Morning came and the exhausted pair roused themselves from what little sleep they had been able to achieve.  Larkin watched them curiously, how had they gone from utter despair to eager joy in so few hours?  Perhaps it was just the loss of their guilt that caused such enthusiasm.  If they were this eager to continue in their duties perhaps they might actually be useful.  He had about given up on ever getting any use out of them.  The two complicit boys watched them contemptuously, thinking them fools for their former agony and guilt and wondering why it took them so long to realize their foolishness.  At least they now might do their part effectively and lighten the load upon the rest of them.
Larkin was determined to leave on the following day and told his underlings to spend the rest of the day finding what support they could among their fellow students and seeing if any might be interested in returning with them to Panmycea.  Larkin was disappointed to get no new recruits.  Some of the students talked of such grand schemes but were far too timid to actually carry them out.  The two new Brethren were not disappointed however to discover that what they had thought were their usual horses had been replaced by unicorns in an identical guise when they came to retrieve the beasts for their riding lesson.  They quickly learned not to attempt using a bit on the creatures and hoped Larkin would not notice this slight change in their routine.
The Lady summoned the five to stand before her that evening, as was her custom when students prepared to leave Astoria.  She said, “I hear you intend to leave on the morrow.  I hope you have found your time here to your benefit.  Is there anything I might do to aid your travel?”  
Larkin bowed mockingly and said, “Lady our time here has been spent constructively and we have achieved that for which we have come.  We shall leave swiftly and trouble you no more.”  He bowed again and left quickly, the two eager boys on his very heels.  
Kieran and Falke lagged slightly and gave the Lady a final, delighted smile before bowing themselves from her presence.  They hardly knew her but already loved her and were willing to die at her command.  They began to understand why it was that Taren had not flinched when offered a chance to deny the Master and perhaps save his own life.  They returned to their room for the remainder of the evening and began packing for their journey.  The others could not wait to be free of the cumbersome place but those newly sworn felt as if they were leaving the home for which they had sought all their lives.  Larkin noticed their lack of enthusiasm to be off and said, “have you grown to love these fools?  Shall I leave you here that you might die among them when their time comes?  Or has your former grief returned?”  
Kieran shrugged, “this place has come to feel as home and I am saddened to leave its comforts again for the rigors of travel.”  
Larkin sneered, “you had best lose such an attitude for your whole life shall be one of travel, discomfort, and hardship until you have earned rank enough to avoid such tedium.”
They rose early and were soon on their way.  Jaden and his apprentices followed after but kept a great distance between that they might not be seen.  Having unicorns in both parties made it very easy to avoid one another.  As they rode, Larkin quizzed them in what they had learned of the Brethren and their ways and if they had any insight into destroying them.  He also drilled them in all he himself had discovered and expounded upon the glories they would earn in their future endeavors for the Order.  Kieran and Falke listened to the man in astonishment, how had they ever listened to such grandiose foolery and thought it wisdom?  The other boys hung on every word with looks of eagerness etched upon their faces.
It was a long ride to Panmycea but the hardship was eased by their new sense of purpose, their newfound hope in the Master, their unicorn companions, and their memories of their new comrades and Astoria.  They had been there only a day as official residents but even now it seemed more dear than whatever country had hosted their births.  During their final day in Astoria, they had attended class as usual and it was amusing to remember the brief flickers of surprise that crossed the faces of their teachers and the apprentices that shared their classes.  They had made no mention of their new comrades and had done an admirable job of maintaining a neutral expression but the boys remembered their surprise and secret joy with relish.  They looked forward to the day when they might meet openly with their new comrades but first they had their mission to complete.
How they were to achieve said mission they had no idea.  They needed to see that all involved in the plot were brought to justice and even more importantly, that the whole project was scrapped for lack of progress or due to overwhelming failure.  How this would be accomplished, only time would reveal.  They were welcomed back eagerly by those they had left behind.  Larkin was soon promoted to captain and put in charge of the project.  He briefed those men assigned to his command and requested that two more be assigned to him that each unit have an even six men in it, as was usual for such tasks.  The two new men were assigned to Larkin’s unit and he transferred Kieran to the bandits’ unit.  He was not pleased to be parted from his new Brother but he had no choice and this way both units assigned to the project had one of the Brethren embedded within.  The bandits were not happy with their new member either and did not give the poor boy an easy time of it.  
They spent a few weeks in planning and training and then both units were deemed ready to ride forth and wreak havoc.  Their initial plans were to ride about and destroy any of the Brethren they came across.  It was an inefficient plan, for the Brethren could be anywhere between the three seas and the Northern Wilds.  The only way to make a concerted effort against them was to attack Astoria itself, a battle that the Order was not yet bold enough to attempt.  Thus they might spend weeks or even months hunting down just one individual.  That innocents might die in the process did not seem to bother the Order, for such sacrifices were considered obligatory on the part of the peasantry in such instances, for should not a man be willing to die for the greater good, namely the expediency of the Order?

With one of the Brethren riding with each band of renegades, it was easy enough for the unicorns to communicate the imminent danger to any other unicorns in the area and thus to their riders.  After two months of neither group catching so much as a glimpse of the Brethren, frustration began to grow.  They heard plenty of rumors that one had been in the area only the day before but each time the man in question vanished like a leaf on the wind.  They even doubled back on several occasions only to find the man returned and fled.  It seemed they had an uncanny ability to know when they were being hunted.  
Finally, Kieran’s lieutenant decided to try a new tactic.  He split his men into two groups of three and approached the next village from two directions, hoping to catch the man said to be lurking there before he could sneak away like a rat into a hole.  Kieran smiled as his mount informed him of who was in the area.  The past months had been filled with much tedium as he waited for something to happen and finally it seemed they were on the verge of actually doing something.  There was indeed a Teacher in the village but Jaden and his apprentices were not far off.  The four joined forces and came up behind Kieran’s party: two came from behind and two suddenly blocked the road ahead.  The two former bandits nearly fell off their horses in shock; they recognized three of the four and thought themselves set upon by ghosts.  Jaden said calmly, “drop your weapons and we can discuss this peaceably.  You are accused of banditry, murder, and unwarranted harassment, if not intended murder.”
Ghosts or no ghosts, they knew the fate of those convicted of what they were certainly guilty.  The leader of the trio ordered the small band to attack the men ahead of them, hoping to overwhelm them and thus clear their flight path.  Kieran ignored the order and backed his mount out of the way, allowing his two comrades blocking the road behind to fall upon the bandits from the rear.  The bandits fought desperately and to the bitter end, for they were quite outnumbered and had been expecting Kieran’s help in defeating their foes.  Afterwards Jaden said, “now what?  There are still three of these bandits abroad.”  
Kieran dismounted, took his dagger and cut a slit in his sleeve, and took some of the blood oozing from one of the bandit’s wounds and applied it to the tattered sleeve, making it appear that he had taken a wound to the flesh beneath.  Jaden smiled, “you will ride back a survivor of this little debacle?  Excellent.  We shall await your summons.”  
Kieran smiled, saluted his comrades, and rode in search of the rest of the bandits.  They had ridden into the village by now and were disappointed to find it all but abandoned.  The man in question was gone and the villagers had retreated indoors.  The lieutenant was not happy to see Kieran riding back alone.  “What happened?” demanded he of the boy.  
Kieran said, “we fell afoul of several of the Brethren.  They seemed to be expecting us.  The others are dead.”  
The man said, “how did you manage to escape?”  
Kieran said, “I stayed out of the fighting.”
The man sneered, “your cowardice will not be rewarded when we return to Panmycea.  You had best hold your ground when next we encounter these fools.  How many are there and why did they let you go?”  
Kieran said, “there are four of them.  Perhaps they wished to follow me to you?”  
The lieutenant growled, “you wretched little turncoat, I shall see you hanged for this!”  He drew his sword and ordered his men to prepare to face the four armed men he saw coming in close pursuit of the boy.  
Jaden rode up and said, “you may surrender or face the same end as your late companions.  The choice is yours.”  
The lieutenant screamed in rage and charged Kieran; the other two bandits followed suit.  The Brethren did the same; the unicorns screamed their fury and battle was met.  Kieran did well holding the lieutenant at bay but would have soon been overcome had not Jaden interfered.  Soon the last of the bandits had expired and so ended that threat.  Jaden said, “now how shall we deal with the others?  If we simply kill them will the Order end its efforts to hunt us down or will they raise up more hunters in a never ending cycle of violence?”  
Kieran said, “the Order has only a passing interest in this project, I think they will likely abandon it when they find it too time consuming and costly.  The question is how to make the price too dear for the gain?”  
Jaden said, “they have lost one patrol and these bandits have finally met the justice that they have avoided for so long.  Are you going to seek out the other band or do you wish to ride with us?”  
Kieran sighed, “I had best go find Falke, I hate leaving him alone in this.  Someone had best tell Captain Larkin what has come to pass and by his reaction we may judge what will come of the future of this project.”
Jaden nodded grimly and said, “we shall follow then, as we have been doing.  May the Master ride with you.”  
Kieran smiled broadly and turned his mount, seeking out Falke’s unicorn.  Within a few days he had found the other company.  Larkin was not happy to see him and even less delighted with his news.  He scowled, “how were five seasoned warriors overcome by four men yet an untried boy managed to escape?”  
Kieran said, “I did not fight the Brethren, thus I was not in any overt danger.”  
Larkin looked ready to kill the boy right there.  He growled, “you coward!  You had not the nerve to speak out against something you obviously disagreed with and now you lack the stomach to stand your ground and aid your comrades in defending their lives?  Is there nothing you will not do to spare your own pathetic life?  You will regret this when we return to Panmycea!  I begin to think perhaps there is a traitor in our midst.  How else could the Brethren continue to avoid us so?  Have you betrayed us boy?”  
Kieran said, “save for our recent conflict I have not exchanged words with any of the Brethren since we left Panmycea.”  
Larkin snarled, “then how do they seem to know our every move?”  Kieran shrugged.  Larkin smiled maliciously, “if we cannot overcome them by stealth we can force them into the open.  You and your silly friend have not been the same since we left Astoria, and I trust neither of you.  I think it is time we put your devotion to the Order to the test.  Are you willing to die for a cause boy?”
Kieran said grimly, “I am willing to die for the cause I have chosen.”  
Larkin’s smile deepened, “then I shall be delighted to give you that chance.  If you are faithful to the Order you have nothing to fear and you can redeem this charge of cowardice in the coming melee, but if I find you lacking in any way I shall kill you and your worthless friend myself.  Understood?”  Kieran nodded, not understanding and certainly not looking forward to discovering just what the man meant.  He exchanged a concerned look with Falke, who stood nearby.  Larkin said, “I only hope the fools are following closely, for it would be a pity to exert such effort only to catch no fish for the pond is empty.”  
They rose early the next morning and rode towards the nearest village.  The two Brethren were made to ride in the center of the column, just in case they thought to make an escape; their two former comrades sneered at them and made many comments about traitors and cowards.  Kieran’s unicorn had already warned all the Brethren in the area to be ready, for something terrible was brewing.  By noon they had reached the village and Larkin said to the terrified peasants, “congratulations, you are going to aid us in destroying a menace thought to be haunting the area.  Some of those fools calling themselves the Brethren are lurking about and we need your help to draw them out of hiding.  Starting today, we will kill one person per day, precisely at noon, until the Brethren come out of hiding and allow themselves to die in your stead or until we run out of villagers.  Any questions?”  
“How exactly do you plan to accomplish this horrible deed if you are dead?” asked Jaden, stepping out of the crowd and throwing back his hood.  
Larkin stared in stunned horror, “you are supposed to be dead!”  
Jaden smiled grimly, “someday perhaps but that is at the Master’s discretion, not yours.  Surrender, all of you need not die.”  
At his words, four unicorns came out of the woods from four different directions in all their terrible beauty.  The horses went mad and the Knights saw that those astride the great beasts had arrows ready to loose, as did several of the villagers sitting atop the roofs of the village.  Larkin was nearly mad with frustration, “you cannot do this!  We are the ones hunting you, not vice versa.  Out swords and go down fighting!”
He drew his own sword, fighting to keep his seat atop his bucking horse.  The beast wanted to run and fought desperately to have his head.  The two newest members of the company slid from the backs of their frantic mounts and raised their hands in surrender.  The two vengeful boys followed their leader’s example.  Kieran and Falke had their swords out but only to guard their own lives rather than to aid Larkin.  Their mounts stood as still as statues though death raged in their eyes.  
Larkin glared at the two Brethren in his midst, “why are your horses not mad with fright?  I begin to smell the scent of treachery among you.  Fall upon these fools or I will keep my promise and kill the both of you.”  
Jaden said, “this is your last chance.  Drop your sword!”  
Larkin made no move to comply.  The two renegade boys and their captain exchanged a desperate look and forced their horses to charge the two Brethren by sheer strength of will.  Their unicorns revealed their terrible beauty but too late to end the charge.  The horses were mad with fright and wanted to run, they no longer cared in what direction.  The sudden appearance of the frightful beasts before them did little to stay their flight.  Bowstrings sang and two of the horses fell but their riders leapt from their saddles and onto their foes with swords drawn.  The unicorns screamed at the advent of hostile foes upon their backs.  Larkin stayed in his saddle but an arrow protruded from his side.  Falke and Kieran wrestled with their formerly sane comrades, desperately trying to keep sword from touching flesh but they were literally in each other’s laps, making the distance almost too close for using a sword.  The unicorns bent their necks around and bit viciously at the intruders, but the strangers knew death was imminent and were determined to take the Brethren with them.  
Kieran felt strong arms grab him and pull him from the saddle as Larkin let his horse have his head, the animal ran for all it was worth.  Kieran’s mount screamed in rage, reared to unseat the fool that yet tried to cling to his saddle, and trampled him as he ran in pursuit of his master.  Falke’s unicorn managed to clamp down on his adversary’s calf and pulled the intruder from his saddle; the creature flung him aside like a doll and he broke his neck upon landing.  Free of the villain, they went swiftly in pursuit of Kieran.  Jaden was in his saddle and racing after as well.  Kieran struggled with all his might and the failing Larkin had all he could do to hold the flailing boy.  The horse went as he chose; he felt the unicorns coming and ran all the harder but he could not outrun them.  Larkin knew his time was short and was desperate to make an end of the traitorous boy ere he died in glorious battle.  There was no time left, Kieran’s unicorn ran ahead and stood in the path.
The horse was stumbling with exhaustion and panic and ran headlong into the creature’s shoulder and fell hard.  Larkin rose shakily to his feet, clutching the unconscious Kieran before him with a knife at his throat.  Four of the Brethren and five unicorns had given chase and surrounded the man.  Larkin snarled, “leave me in peace or I cut his throat.”  
Jaden said quietly, “free the boy and we can discuss this.”  
“What is there to discuss?” snarled Larkin with a touch of madness and desperation in his voice, “I have an arrow in my side and if that does not kill me you shall certainly convict me of murder.  If I must die, at least it need not be in vain.”  
“Why must you add more innocent blood to that which already stains your hands?” asked Gavin.  
“Why can you not remain dead and leave the living alone,” snarled Larkin.  
Kieran began to stir and startled to discover his current dilemma but forced himself to relax when he felt the knife draw closer to his vulnerable throat.  Larkin grinned madly, “you are awake then?  Good, you shall decide how this debacle shall end.  You are so fond of saving your own skin that I will let you decide who dies and who lives.  I shall let you go if one of your friends is willing to take your place.  Else we both die.”  Kieran did the last thing Larkin expected: he laughed.  
The boy said, “that is no choice at all.  If you are going to kill me you had best be about it.  I was a fool and a coward once, but never again.”  The rest of the Brethren looked on with sorrow in their eyes but also a determination to do what they must.  
Larkin sneered, “you have grown boy but it shall avail you nothing.  You shall die like these fools were supposed to months ago!  Do you not fear death because the Brethren seem immune to it?”
Kieran laughed again, “I do not fear death because live or die, I am in the Master’s keeping which is something you might wish to ponder before your own ensuing demise.”  
Larkin mocked, “do not waste your paltry attempts at preaching upon me.  I need no Master or any other supreme being.  I shall die a man and that shall be the end of it.  At least I have my dignity.”  
Jaden said, “false dignity is a poor companion through all the darkness of eternity.”  
“Silence!” snarled Larkin, “You have doomed the boy!”  He drew the blade across the boy’s throat and then drove it into his own heart.  They collapsed together in a bloody heap.
The Brethren gasped in shared horror as the heart-wrenching cry of a unicorn rent the air.  The two doomed men stood once more, though their tangled corpses lay at their feet.  Larkin stared in astonishment, wondering what on earth or beyond it was happening.  The Brethren had not long to ponder this oddity, for an overwhelming Presence drove them from their saddles to their knees; their mounts bowed in their own fashion.  Larkin looked to his fellow ghost for support but saw the boy on his knees with his living comrades.  Every fiber of his being wanted to resist but his will was no match for that of the Maker of the universe.  He felt himself slowly sinking to his knees in terror before this terrible Presence.  
“What have you wrought?” asked the Master of the late knight.  
“You do not exist,” said the captain to the Presence that towered above him and could crush him with a thought.  
“I see,” said the Great Unicorn, “then if that be so, nothing else would exist either.  I can exist without you but you cannot exist without Me.”
He turned His attention to the kneeling Kieran, who was too terrified and ashamed to meet His gaze, but he could not resist the urge that drew his eyes into those of his Maker.  The Master smiled, “what have you to fear?”  
Tears streaked the boy’s face as he said, “I was a coward and a traitor.”  
The Master said, “yes, but that is forgiven you.  Is not My grace greater than your transgressions?  You need doubt neither My forgiveness nor My mercy.  You have proved yourself faithful and need not fear to stand in My presence.”  He looked again to Larkin, who was on his feet and slowly backing away.  Kieran’s unicorn screamed in rage and made to herd the man back towards the Master but the astonished man and unicorn could not touch one another.  The creature whinnied in confusion and frustration.  
“Well if this is not a pleasant little gathering,” snarled a fell creature from the pit, suddenly appearing in the guise of a terrible black reptile of vaguely draconian appearance, though it walked on two legs instead of four.  It kept well away from the Master’s presence but looked hungrily upon Larkin, who had sense enough to seek the shelter of the Presence he had so recently fled.  The agitated unicorn screamed at the abomination and tried to injure the thing but again his hopes were dashed.  The thing laughed in derision and snarled, “watch yourself beastie or one day I might come for you.”  The unicorn screamed his rage but backed away from the monster, though he kept glancing balefully in its direction.  
Larkin said, looking nervously at the creature and then to the Master, “I am willing to allow that you exist.  Will you not protect me from that thing?”  
The Master shook his head sadly, “you chose to forsake Me in life, therefore I cannot protect you from that which you have chosen.”
The man cried, “but are you not all-powerful?”  
The Master was grief stricken and said, “yes, but in the case of My thinking creatures, I do not interfere in the choices they make in life and thus in the consequences that follow thereafter.  You are afraid of the creature and thus seek protection from it, any protection…even Mine, but search your heart and you will know that you come to Me unwillingly and only because you loath the creature more than Me.  I will not force My Presence unwillingly upon you; once the creature leaves, your revulsion of Me and all that I am, will return and it would be a burden unbearable for all eternity.  You must come to Me because you wish it and desire it more than all else, not because fear drives you.  Go now from My presence into the darkness you have chosen and which at heart you prefer to all I am.”  Larkin backed away from the Master, realizing fully the truth of His words.  The creature leapt upon him in his flight and they vanished together.
The Master shook His head sadly and then turned His gaze once more upon Kieran.  He smiled gently, “now what of you, child?”  Kieran lifted his eyes and met the Master’s gaze, so full of sorrow and boundless joy, but the boy said nothing.  Kieran looked into those eyes until he felt he might lose himself in their depths.  Then the Master said, “you have things yet to be about.  Remember, all of you, what you have witnessed this day and remind all My children to remember Me ere it is too late.”
He was suddenly gone and Kieran again found himself among the living.  He was suddenly lost in a flood of greetings from his comrades.  His unicorn was beside himself with joy at his master’s return and frustrated over his inability to reach him through all the people suddenly about him.  Finally, the throng satisfied itself and the unicorn could offer his own greeting and was himself contented.  Kieran was overwhelmed both with the experience and the greeting, but more so with the exhaustion that greets one upon returning from death.  They helped him into his saddle and returned to the village they had fled with all haste.  
The two newest recruits had only been following orders and had no vendetta thus had been sensible enough to surrender.  As they were not guilty of any known crime, Jaden was willing to release them but advised them to find a more honorable career.  They heartily agreed after seeing the madness that had fallen upon their comrades and upon hearing the whole tale.  They were looking for opportunity and had fallen in with the Order, but had not yet fallen to the power that can so easily corrupt.  None ever came back from the Order’s failed enterprise and they wisely chose to officially end their pursuits against the Brethren, though unofficial clashes still occurred from time to time.


Chapter 7

A few years later when Kieran was off having adventures of his own, he and Flick, his faithful mount, were riding home through the unpeopled country between the Northern Wilds and Astoria.  They had found a secluded place to camp and come morning, Flick had not appeared when Kieran was ready to be off, neither did he come when his master called him.  He stubbornly refused to move, this being highly unusual for the otherwise faithful creature, Kieran set off afoot in search of his recalcitrant mount.  The creature would say nothing as to the cause of his delay but seemed very satisfied with himself.  Thus fearing no danger, Kieran set out boldly.
The previous night, after being relieved of his diurnal burdens, the unicorn set off on errands of his own, as was the custom of his kind.  During his nocturnal wanderings, he came upon a small human child wandering alone, seemingly dazed, and certainly in distress.  The greathearted creature took pity on the poor thing and revealing his true form, cautiously approached her.  At first, she startled and made to flee but sensing some gentleness about the otherwise fearsome creature, she allowed him to approach.  He nuzzled her gently and then she threw her arms around his great neck and wept.  He lay down beside the distressed child and she fell upon his shoulder weeping.  Soon she had cried herself into a sleep of fear, relief, and exhaustion.  He lay perfectly still and kept careful watch that night but no danger dared interrupt their solace.
Thus did morning come and his pity would not allow him to stir and rouse the pitiable human foal beside him.  So did Kieran find them.  He was about to say something to his rebellious friend but the unicorn laid his ears back in warning and only then did Kieran notice the sleeping child snuggled against the creature’s shoulder.  Then the little girl did stir.  She gazed upon the unicorn and smiled, glad to know her encounter had not been a dream.  She then looked at what her protector was looking at and she drew closer to the silky coat in terror.  Kieran wondered what the poor child must have endured to be out here alone and then considered what she must think of an armed man greeting her upon waking.  
He said gently, “fear not little one, no harm shall come to you.  You are among friends now.”  She did not seem to believe him but hope shone in her eyes as she glanced from the unicorn to the man and back again.  The unicorn did not seem alarmed and so she relaxed a little.  Kieran said, “can you tell me where your family is?”  She shook her head.  He asked, “what are you doing out here alone?”  She shrugged.  He felt a great urging from Flick to go scouting in a particular direction.  The creature lay as immovable as the earth so Kieran set off in the indicated direction.  A half hour of walking brought him to a grim scene.  What once had been a fine carriage lay shattered and broken.  The bodies of the guards and one fine lady lay strewn about like driftwood.  There were also a few shabbily dressed corpses of a more sinister nature formerly belonging to the bandit gang that had apparently had their way with the lady and her retinue.  How had the child survived?
With a shudder, Kieran quickly withdrew just in case the bandits felt inclined to return.  It seemed the child was the sole survivor and currently an orphan.  He would have to bear her to safety and then consult with the Lady as to her future.  By the time he returned to the clearing where the pair waited, Flick was on his feet and greeted his master cheerfully.  The girl was still a bit shy but that was not surprising with what she had just endured.  Kieran asked, “would you like to ride a unicorn?”  She smiled a bit shyly but allowed the man to help her onto Flick’s great back.  They walked back to their camp together where Kieran helped the girl down from her lofty perch and then began packing while she nibbled on some much appreciated breakfast.  Soon enough they were ready to go.  Kieran asked, “do you mind if I ride with you?  It is a rather long walk and I would hate to be left behind?”  
The girl laughed and said, “I suppose it would be the ladylike thing to do.  Just as long as my friend does not mind.”  Kieran shook his head and the unicorn whinnied in laughter.  He swung himself into the saddle and they were off like the wind.  
Now that the girl was brave enough to speak, Kieran asked as they rode, “do you know what happened to those you were traveling with?”  
The girl was quiet for a moment and a look of fear crossed her face but she said, “we were in the carriage and suddenly the guards started yelling and we stopped.  My mother pushed me under the seat and told me not to come out until all was quiet.  There was much shouting and a sound like swords clashing together.  My mother screamed and men shouted.  Then there were strange men all about the carriage, one looked under the seat at me as he ransacked our luggage.  He grinned horribly but left me alone.  Then all was quiet.  I waited a long time but my mother never came back.  It got dark and I was afraid and I came out and wandered alone until my friend came.”
Kieran said gently, “have you any other family?”  
The girl said, “my mother is dead?”  
Kieran nodded, “you seem to understand death too well for a child your age.”  
She said, “my father died not long ago.  I have no close family.  That is why we were traveling.  Mother said we had no more money.  There was little left of my mother’s estate when my father died; she said too many generations had lived foolishly and left us all but beggars.  My father was a second son of minor lords and they had no interest in a penniless widow and her daughter.  My mother sold all we had left and bought the carriage, some nice clothes, and hired the guards.  She said she would go to the Eastern Realms and find me a new father, one who could properly support us.  I do not know how you get another father, but it sounded nice.  Now I guess I am all alone, except for my friend.  Are you my friend too?”  
Kieran smiled sadly, “I would be honored to be your friend.  I know somewhere where you can be safe for a time while I inquire of your more distant relatives if any are willing to take you in.  How does that sound?”  
She said, “will you visit me?”  
Kieran smiled, “of course.”  
She smiled and said, “as long as my unicorn is willing to come, I will stay anywhere.”  
Flick offered his own silent commentary.  Kieran shook his head and said, “she is not your responsibility!  You cannot raise a human child.  You could hardly raise a unicorn foal!  What will she eat?  She cannot live upon grass, neither can she come with us in our travels; you have made a promise my friend and either you must quit your own duties or leave your little one to the care of others.”  The unicorn made another suggestion.
Kieran sighed, “you know I can no more raise her than you can; we both have our duties!  She needs a human family.  My brother and his wife have always wanted children but have never been so blessed; they will gladly take her in and we will visit as we may, assuming we find none of her kin that wish to take her in.”  The unicorn sighed but seemed content.  
The girl said sternly, “why can my friend not stay with me?  I have known him longer than you.”  
Kieran said, “I know he found you and gave you comfort last night but he has his duty to be about.  He is not his own master any more than I.  We are honor bound to serve others and anything that keeps us from that duty would violate our vows.”  
The girl looked sad but seemed to understand, “if that be the case then you must promise to visit often.”  
The man smiled, “we shall visit as often as our duties allow.”  She seemed mollified and they rode on in companionable silence.  After some days they arrived in a small village a day’s ride from Astoria.  Kieran happily rode to the farm where he had grown up, the farm now tended by his brother and his wife.  They were delighted with his visit but curious as to why he traveled with such a young child.  They sat in the kitchen with mugs of tea and Kieran told the girl’s story.  
Moved with compassion, Kieran’s brother John said, “of course we will take in the poor child be it for a day or a lifetime.  If you find no one of her own kin willing to take her we shall raise her as our own.  It seems the Master may yet give us a child of our own and if not, it will have been an honor to have her only for a little while.”  Kieran spent the night and early the next morning he bid goodbye to his kin and Sophia.  Sophia tried to hold back the tears when she bid farewell to her new friends but she was glad there would be someone to watch over Flick in all his coming adventures.  Only the promise of future visits would allow her to part with them at all.
Kieran swiftly returned to Astoria and made his report to the Lady.  Letters were quickly sent to Cantara from whence the girl had come.  The girl’s tale began long ago in the noble house with several generations each bearing the near legendary name of Adrian.  As the years passed, the noble line bearing that name fell into decline and lived wantonly and the family fortune eventually came to the pitiable state in which Sophia’s mother came to inherit it.  She had married a second son of a minor house and hoped to someday restore her fortunes but upon his untimely death found herself in dire straits and set out to find a rich husband in the east that she might raise her daughter properly.  An aging but wealthy bachelor would suit her just fine.  Sadly, she had died ere they reached their destination and her courting was able to begin, leaving her daughter utterly alone in the world.  She had applied to her husband’s kin for aid upon his death but they had enough potential heirs that they cared little for the orphan child.  Later hearing of the mother’s death, they were equally reluctant to admit any relation to the child thus she remained with John and his wife and was happily raised as their own.
Sophia’s mother was not the daughter of the previous lord to rule that estate but his niece though raised as his heir.  Her father, the younger brother of the previous lord, had ridden off seeking adventure at a young age and found himself on the plains of Tithbia.  He fell in love with a Tithbian maiden but her father would not hear of her wedding an Outlander.  Only if the noble youth would forsake all ties with the outside world and somehow convince the Chieftain to acknowledge him as a Tithbian, could he marry the girl.  Desiring the girl more than his chance at rank, he gladly sought out the Chieftain’s blessing.  The Chieftain was surprised by the boy’s request but intrigued by the idea and set him this challenge: if he could out sing, out fight, and out ride a native Tithbian he would be adopted into the clans, but if he failed his life was forfeit.  Eager for the girl’s hand, the youth agreed and so impressed the Tithbians that he was gladly made one of them and the Right of Adoption became an uncommon practice that was little used but never quite forgotten.  The man married the girl and gladly immersed himself in Tithbian culture.  They had seven children, the eldest of which was nearly grown when messengers rode across the plains seeking after the lord’s lost brother.  It seemed the lord had no children and was in need of an heir.  His brother refused to leave his home and neither could he take his family with him.  The messengers then turned to the children in hopes one of them might one day succeed their uncle.
They eyed the handsome eldest son with interest but he was all but engaged to a Tithbian girl in another clan and had no interest in being confined to the Cantaran nobility.  They then asked each child in turn but none wished to leave their family or the freedom of the plains.  Finally they spoke with growing dismay to the youngest child, a girl.  She said, “I would not have to milk cows or weed the garden or help with the dishes?”  
The messenger said, “no my dear.  You would have servants to do all that and more.  You could sit about all day before a fire or go riding in the woods or hunting or whatever else your heart desired.  You would no longer be a servant but verging on a princess.”  
The girl was silent for a few minutes and then said, “if my father is willing, I think I would like to meet my uncle very much.”  
The messenger smiled and her father said sadly, “my dear one, if this is your greatest wish then you may go with these men and live with your uncle.  It will be a strange life to what you have known here but your Tithbian heart and courage can well handle it.  Remember us if ever you wish to return home.”  
She bid farewell to her family and rode off eagerly with the messengers.  Her uncle greeted her and bowed to all her whims.  She enjoyed more attention and freedom than she could ever dream of had she remained at home where much would have been expected of her.  Her uncle spoiled her and could never deny her anything thus her arrogance grew with her disdain for her past.  When her uncle died she resumed his place in managing his estates, what little was left of them.  She married well she had thought, but the man died suddenly when their daughter was only five years old.  Each passing year brought more and more bad debts to light and soon there was very little left to them.  She sold what little else there was ere it could be eaten up by ghosts of the past and they headed east hoping for a better future; Sophia did find that better future though not as her mother had intended.  They could have gone back to Tithbia after they lost everything holding them in Cantara, but the lady despised her ‘wild relatives’ as she called them and not even starvation would drive her to stoop that low, at least as she saw it.  She would rather risk the pity of the nobility of the Eastern Realms than return home in shame to her father.  She was above such things now.  
Kieran happily delivered this news to John, and Sophia at last knew what it was to have a family.  She was not rich in material possessions but never lacked for love or discipline.  The bandit gang that had shattered her already diminished life was soon hunted down and destroyed.  ‘Uncle Kieran,’ as she was wont to call him and her dear friend Flick visited as often as their duties allowed.  A decade passed and she grew into a beautiful and intelligent young woman with a great heart and a greater love for her family, though they were not related by blood they were bound by the yet stronger ties of the heart.

Sophia would soon be of age, which meant she might legally do as she chose but also as a girl of that age she was nearly desperate to fall in love, though her adoptive father was loath for either to happen, especially the latter.  He consoled himself in knowing her a dutiful and responsible girl not wishing to displease or disappoint her father.  Thus it was with great surprise that she announced herself very much in love one day a few months before her sixteenth birthday.  Worse, she was in love with a poet, not only a poet, but a bad poet who seemed interested in neither farming nor a reasonable trade.  He thought to make his living by his art but failed to realize that even good poets were often poor; he felt all other ways of making a living far beneath him.  The young lovers had known each other only a few days but seemed to feel as if they had been intended for each other since birth, as so many star-struck romantics of their age had felt since the Beginning.  There was far more involvement of hormones and wishful thinking than a deep and abiding love, but neither was yet aware of this unfortunate phenomenon.  
The young man had left home and was wandering the world trying to impress others with his ‘free verse’ as he called it, thus far failing miserably.  Desperate for something to distract his lovesick daughter, John said, “why not go visit your uncle in Astoria?  You have often spoken of visiting the city and spending some time in study there.  I know you like this young man very much but you are yet very young and your whole life is before you, though I know it does not seem like it as yet.  Take a little time and discover what else life has to offer, and then if you are still willing, give in to the desires of your heart.”
It was a sensible solution and something she had always wished to do and she greatly wished to please her father.  She thought herself sure of her heart but a little time was a small price to pay to give her father joy.  She smiled and said, “that is an excellent idea father and I shall certainly act upon it.”  
He smiled gratefully but his face fell as she added, “I am sure Irving would be very interested in seeing what the vaunted wisdom of the Brethren has to offer a budding mind such as his.”  
John said, “promise me to spend at least six months focused on your studies?”  
She nodded a bit sadly and said, “I shall do as you ask papa.  Six months is a short enough time to spare you much angst but then I must do as my heart bids.”  
He nodded and said, “I know and I thank you for your concern for my feelings.  I shall send a letter with you for the Lady and your uncle.  Give him my greetings.”  She smiled and kissed him delightedly upon the cheek, feeling very possessive of him for some reason she could not fathom.  She went in search of Irving, who was sleeping in the inn’s hayloft while he remained in the area.  
“Astoria?” said he quite astonished.  He had hoped to make for the Eastern Realms but a sudden thought occurred to him, “it shall be interesting to visit such supposedly learned folk and I have a much deeper interest in studying this primitive collection of individuals.  It will add greatly to my own knowledge of human history and perhaps shed light on our glorious future.  Yes, I shall certainly accompany you for as long as my art shall permit.”  John wrote his letter and the pair set off afoot, as the boy had no horse and John had none to spare.
As evening fell on the second day they finally came in sight of the city.  Irving said, “well, it is not the most grand city I have ever seen but then what does one expect from a civilization primitive enough to cling to outdated superstition?”  
Sophia gave him an astonished look and said in scandalized tones, “this city has stood for millennia and yet you find reason to criticize its architecture?”  
The boy laughed, “I suppose I should give it some credit for enduring at least.  It is not the greatest city I have ever seen but perhaps it is the sturdiest.”  She seemed at least partially mollified and they continued their trek to the gates.  
As they neared the gates a surprised but obviously pleased voice said behind them, “Sophia!”  Recognizing the voice, she turned with joy to face the man just dismounting from his horse.  She ran to Kieran and gave him a great hug, it had been at least a year since last they met.  He looked her over and said, “you have certainly grown my dear!  Finally come to Astoria to study as you have talked of for so long?  It warms my heart to see you!”  She gave Flick a great hug and he nuzzled her happily in return.  
She said smiling, “I see my friend continues to keep you out of trouble?”  
Kieran laughed, “as best he can manage.  Who is your companion?”  
She smiled shyly and Kieran began to suspect more than friendship in the mix.  She said, “this is my dear friend Irving.  He is a poet.  Father thought it a good idea if we spend a six month in Astoria learning what we may before doing anything rash.  Father sends his greetings and a letter for the Lady and you.”  
Kieran extended his hand to Irving, who took it with seeming reluctance as Sophia said, “this is my uncle Kieran.”  Irving did not seem overly impressed by her ‘uncle.’  
Kieran said, “shall I accompany you to the castle or shall I ride ahead and see if the Lady has time to see you this night?”  Sophia was reluctant to bid farewell to her uncle but his suggestion was sensible so she handed him the letter and bid him goodbye for the moment.  He was in the saddle and off as if on an urgent mission for the Lady.  He was admitted immediately to the Lady’s presence and she smiled in amusement as she glanced through the letter before handing it to her servant.  He read and found his own suspicions confirmed in his brother’s words.  
When he had finished reading, the Lady said, “and what think you of the matter?”  
Kieran smiled sheepishly, “I suspect all such young romances.  I know little of the young man and I fear my adoptive niece knows just as little.  I think it good to give her something else to think about for a time.”  
The Lady smiled, “we shall see what the young man is like shortly and I shall do what I can to assist both he and his lady.  Your niece is certainly welcome to stay for as long as she might wish.  They have probably arrived by now; you had best go fetch them.”  He bowed and dashed from her presence and went in search of the young lovers.  He found them waiting patiently in the courtyard and motioned for them to follow.
Sophia was quite terrified to stand before the woman her uncle held in such high regard but she also felt it quite an honor.  Irving wore an amused smile, thinking he somehow honored the Lady by deigning to stand in her presence.  Kieran and Sophia bowed deeply upon entering her chambers; Irving began a minimal bow but upon looking upon the woman more carefully, found himself bowing much deeper than he had initially intended.  Such was the awe she inspired in even her detractors.  As they stood before her she began, “I have heard much of you Sophia and look forward to having you as a student here.  You may stay for as long as you desire.  Your uncle speaks highly of you.  And what is your desire in coming to Astoria, young man?”  
The boy said somewhat haughtily but with no little fear, “I am a poet Lady and am ever in search of material for my art.”  
The Lady asked, “and what is it you write about?”  
The boy said, “why the glories of the human mind my Lady.  What else could inspire such verse?”  
The Lady smiled slightly, “would you care to expound upon that topic?”  
He smiled a bit arrogantly and said, “of course!  Human reason, wisdom, intellect, wit, and vision are all our future.  I write to inspire and glorify our greatest and most worthy trait for it is what shall make our future bright indeed.”  
She asked, “you come to Astoria for you hear it is a place of vision?”  
He laughed derisively and said, “of course not Lady.  The Brethren are the opposite of visionary; you are quite archaic in the eyes of more progressive minds.  I have come to study humanity’s past that we may better understand its future.”
“Humanity’s past?” asked the astonished Lady.  
Irving said, “yes, when man first emerged from his primordial darkness he looked up and saw the sun and thus began his thoughts of the divine.  As time passed, he gave name and story to his god and the ritual and myth associated with his worship became more and more complex until he looked again at the sun and found it too bright to look upon and in dismay looked about and saw his fellow man and the greatness of his own mind.  With that greatness man can make a paradise or utterly lay waste the world.  I compose to inspire paradise Lady.  Man is finally learning that all his religion is a myth and that he need only look within himself to find all his future and meaning.  The Brethren are perhaps the most diehard mystics in all the world and thus a vision of man in his more primitive state.  I shall study your people carefully that I might know what man was and thus gain some clue into what he can become.”  
“I see,” said the Lady noncommittally, “I shall then assign Sophia’s dear uncle to act as your guide and to answer your questions while you remain with us.”  
The boy said, “I need no nursemaid Lady.”  
She smiled, knowing only long practice allowed Kieran to maintain a neutral expression rather than one of distaste.  She said, “of course not, but you wish to study us closely and he can avail you of that chance.  You may leave whenever you wish of course but Sophia’s father thinks she should remain for at least six months.”  
He nodded in submission, knowing he could not match wills with this formidable woman, “let it be then as you say Lady.”  They bowed themselves out and went to see if there was something left over from dinner with which they might sate their hunger.


Chapter 8

A servant came to show Sophia her room, leaving Irving alone with Kieran.  She bid them both a goodnight, wondering what her uncle would think of her beau.  Kieran said to Irving, “I suppose you shall be rooming with me until the Lady finds me another apprentice.”  The boy was not sure what that meant but nodded in acquiescence and followed his host.  
As they walked the boy asked, “and what exactly is your function in this place?  You are not a servant but perhaps a hired guard?  You are certainly no teacher.”  
Kieran laughed, “I am one of the Brethren, and as one of the Messenger sect I serve whatever purpose the Lady sets me.  I currently have no other quest so am a guard or teacher at need, some days I am both.”  
The boy looked disappointed, “I had hoped Sophia’s kin were wiser than that, but I shall not let the failings of some of her kin reflect poorly on her.”  
Kieran smiled in amusement at the boy’s definition of what it was to be a failure.  He asked, “and exactly what is your interest in the girl?”  
Irving replied, “I need a wife to support me while I roam the world hoping to make my fortune by my art.  Once I become famous, I shall need a beautiful woman upon my arm that I might impress the court.  Of course, by then my tastes might have changed and I will have to find another girl to fill her former role.  It is not fair to saddle the poor thing with so fickle a creature as a man.  It is a woman’s natural desire to be needed and it is a man’s desire to be taken care of.  Thus I shall fulfill her desires and she shall sate mine.  Perhaps I shall leave her with a child or three to love to make our parting less bitter.”  
Kieran stared at him in disbelief, “think you so little of marriage and women?”  
Irving smiled patronizingly and said, “I know to your primeval sensitbilities this must seem a terrible and thoughtless thing, especially to one so dear to you as your niece, but it is the natural state man finds himself in without the bother of religion.  But do not the Brethren themselves look down upon marriage?”
Kieran said in dismay, “the Brethren seldom marry and if so, only within our own ranks and then the union never produces children.  We do not look down upon it, but often forgo it for another purpose that often requires the ultimate sacrifice, which is not conducive to family stability.  We do what we do that others may enjoy the blessings of a family and live a quiet and fulfilled life.”  
“What then is your view on marriage if not a simple agreement for mutual benefit of both that may be dissolved whenever it suits one or the other?” asked the intrigued boy.  
Kieran said, “the Master, and thus all who follow Him, see marriage as a lifelong commitment to one another whether or not it is convenient and regardless of our current or future feelings.  The husband protects, provides for, and guides his family while the wife supports and nurtures her husband and children.  They should have mutual respect for one another and selflessly serve the other.  If they love each other deeply all the better, but just because you do not feel ‘in love’ is no grounds for dissolving the union.”  
The boy whistled, “that would indeed be an onerous burden and it heartens me greatly to know the period of man’s superstition and thus his enslavement to such quaint ideals is quickly ending.”  
Kieran asked, “and of what benefit to my niece would such an arrangement be?  Do you actually have feelings for her?  It certainly seems you do not have her best interests at heart.”  
The boy shrugged and said, “I admire her for her wit and beauty of course, else I would not be courting her did I not think her worthy of my admiration.  As for respect and love, I am not sure either may ever enter our relationship and what need have we of them?  Her best interests are of course that she have someone she thinks cares about her and who needs her.  That is what every woman wants: to be needed.  Which she will be of course.  I also think it unfair to continue in her affections if mine have turned elsewhere as they are likely to do with distance and tedium.  The greatest thing I can then do is to release her.”
By now, they had reached Kieran’s small room and Irving took the bed formerly belonging to Kieran’s apprentice, who was only recently freed of his apprenticeship and off on duties of his own.  This was quite a different roommate!  Kieran asked, “you do not think it a disservice to my niece to treat her affections so?”  
Irving nodded, “of course but one must think of oneself first in this world.  If she will be negatively affected by such treatment then she would do well not to involve herself with such a forward thinking man as myself.  I am interested foremost in my own benefit and happiness, all else is arbitrary.”  
Kieran said, “if this is your perceived legacy of man it shall be dark indeed!”  
Irving laughed, “of course we shall have rules and laws to keep man’s selfishness from going too far and by then perhaps our prosperity will have expanded to such a point that all men may safely indulge themselves without negative impact to his fellows.  If the teachings of the Brethren die out it will be a great help to the morale of mankind that we may cease feeling guilty for such things as you consider our grossest sins.”  
Kieran smiled, “even if our voice vanished from the earth men would yet feel that such actions were wrong.  It is your conscience not our indoctrination that convicts you.  We simply tell you how to appease your guilty conscience and how to live that it may cease to be so offended.”  
Irving smiled condescendingly, “a noble notion I am sure but I hardly believe it.”  
Kieran said, “you of course have apprised my niece of your theory on marriage?”  
Irving laughed, “yes of course and she seems to be accepting of it all the same.  What now of your theories?”  
Kieran shrugged, “that shall depend on my niece’s reasoning on the matter.”
The next morning they wakened far earlier than Irving would have liked but had he slept until his usual time of rising breakfast would have been long over.  As an artist, he kept his own peculiar schedule and was not fond of changing it but for the sake of his hosts he would make an exception.  At breakfast, Sophia found them and greeted them eagerly; she wore the uniform of one of the Students, which Irving found quaintly amusing.  She was quite excited about her upcoming classes and bid them a hasty farewell as she hurried to her first class.  Knowing her schedule and hoping to speak with her privately, Kieran suggested to Irving that he should perhaps spend the morning with one of the poets among the Brethren.  
He was at first disdainful, thinking no one among such a quaint faction could be of any use to him but then said, “perhaps your suggestion is a good one after all.  Your comrades probably yet practice the more classical forms of poetry and mayhap I shall be able to learn a few things whilst teaching them what is called free verse.”  
“Free verse?” asked Kieran.  
The boy smiled sardonically, “only small minds think poems must have rhyme and rhythm or even one of the pair.  True artists know that it is feeling that truly matters and the form much less.”  
Kieran smiled, “so your form of poetry is the antithesis of traditional forms of poetry?”  
The boy smiled, “of course, the old ways are as outdated as your mythology.  Let us find these exalted poets of yours.”  They went to the Library and there found a Philosopher willing to suffer the boy for the morning.  He was not impressed with the irreverent youth but then Irving was not impressed either.  They were both glad to bid one another farewell when Kieran returned to retrieve his responsibility.
In the meantime however, Kieran went in search of Sophia, who should be in the stables mucking stalls for the next hour.  He was able to borrow her from her chores for a time and they sat upon the enclosed lawn to speak.  She was delighted to spend the hour with her uncle, for she had much she wished to speak of pertaining to her love.  “What do you think of Irving?” asked she in anticipation.  
He took a deep breath and began, “he seems a bright enough fellow, if a bit wrongheaded about what is most important in life.”  
She smiled delightedly and said, “precisely, that is why I must help him.”  
Kieran looked at her in surprise, “you know then of his dishonorable thoughts on marriage and the proper way to treat a woman and his complete disregard of the Master and His ways?”  
She nodded, “of course, we are fully honest with one another.  He is a lost and wandering sheep, much as I was when first Flick found me.  I shall lead him to the light that he wander no more and our love shall be all the stronger.”  
Kieran said, “your intentions are noble but I fear they shall break your heart in the end.  What if he never changes his mind and leaves you alone with two children?  Your father would lock you in the barn and never let you stir outside until you were past eighty if he heard you speak thus!  He loves you too much to see you destroy your life so.”  
She said, “but is it not the duty of those who serve the Master to reach out to those who do not?  To risk their lives, if necessary?  Is it not worth a very great torment of heart to save a single soul from destruction?”  
Kieran sighed, “it is one thing to reach out to others and quite another to marry someone simply out of a desire to save their soul.  It is dangerous to you and quite unfair to them.  If you must marry them, at least make sure you wait until you are of an equal mind on these things.  You can reach out to him without playing into his despicable desires as regards marriage.  For you are in equal danger of falling away from the Master as his wife as he might be of accepting Him.  I would advise you to make no lifelong commitment to anyone who is not equal in his devotion to the Master as you and who is not also willing to make a lifelong commitment to you.”  
“But he loves me uncle!” cried she in distress, “And I think I love him.”  
Kieran said, “do you truly love him or do you simply like being appreciated by someone?  At your age it is easy to mistake the two.  If he were to vanish for a month would you miss him or simply his attentions to you?”  
She sighed, “I have never thought about it that much; I had no idea I could confuse the two!  Oh dear, what am I to do?  It may break his heart and ruin all his future!”  
Kieran smiled sadly, “I fear to break your heart dear one but he does not love you and perhaps never will.”  
She looked at him in horror, “you cannot be serious!”  
He shook his head sadly, “you know by the Oath that it must be true.  I spoke with him and while he admires you as he might a fine horse or a well-crafted sonnet, he quite truthfully said he may never love nor respect you but that was unnecessary as it were.”
Suddenly she was on her feet and tears came unbidden to her eyes and she ran from Kieran’s presence weeping uncontrollably.  Jaden was just entering the walled lawn as the girl ran out and looked to the cause of her distress in surprise.  He approached his old friend and said in some concern, “the Lady would not be pleased to know you are breaking hearts Kieran.”  
Kieran shook his head sadly, “it is better to bruise it now than to shatter it in years to come.”  Jaden looked a question at him and he said, “she is my brother’s adopted daughter and dear to me as any blood kin.  She thinks herself in love with an unworthy fellow who does not share her feelings and only seeks a suitable woman; he would willingly abandon her at some point in the future and think himself doing her a favor.  She knows of his shortcomings and wants to marry him that she might right his wrong ways of thinking.  I simply informed her of this information and my own thoughts on the matter.”  
Jaden smiled, “life is quite dramatic at that age, thankfully recovery is often as swift as the heart break.  You did what you needed to though I think I would rather have taken a knife in the heart than do what you just did.”  
Kieran unconsciously fingered his throat, where once a knife had fatally struck, and said, “the pain is certainly no less acute but there is no physical wound.”  He smiled ruefully and said, “I had best be going.  A certain unicorn is quite unhappy that I have upset his favorite foundling child.”  
Jaden smiled, remembering the tale of the finding of the girl and the unicorn’s sudden paternal feelings.  Jaden said, “then may the Master ride with you, for you shall certainly need His help!”  They shared a smile and Kieran went to find his niece.
He had not far to go, for he found them in the stable yard much as he had found them so long ago in the wild woods of the North, save now it was a young woman instead of a girl that had fallen weeping upon the great neck.  Flick laid his ears back to show his displeasure at whatever had upset his foundling.  He still somehow considered her his ‘foal.’  Unicorns seldom, if ever, formed such attachments to one not of the Brethren but thus had Flick done.  He was nearly as protective of Sophia as he was of his master, perhaps more so for as a female she seemed all the more vulnerable and in need of his protection.  
Kieran said quietly, “I am sorry to upset you but you had to know.”  
She looked up then and smiled sadly, “I know you are right and half my upset is at myself for being such a fool.  How am I to tell Irving?”  
Kieran smiled, “just tell him the truth.  He expects all rational men to look out for their own interests first so he shall not be too greatly disappointed.  If he remains in Astoria afterwards I shall continue to speak with him and perhaps his heart will open to greater things.”  
She smiled and said, “I would appreciate that.  I suppose my reasons for thinking to marry him were very poor reasons indeed, if not the worst.”  
Kieran smiled, “perhaps not the worst but definitely terrible.  I am glad to hear that you have changed your mind.  It would not be your heart alone the villain would break but mine, your father’s, and even poor Flick’s.”  The unicorn nodded gravely.  
She smiled and flung her arms around the great neck, “the Master forbid I ever wound my dear Flick!  I had best be going to my next class.  Thank you for loving me enough to tell me the truth, even when it hurts.”  He gave her a farewell hug and watched her run off to class.  
It was still a few hours before he had to retrieve Irving so he looked to the unicorn, who stood slowly, stretched like a cat, and shook himself thoroughly.  He looked quite pleased with himself.  Kieran smiled, “if you are finished being miffed at my treatment of your girl perhaps we could go for a quick ride?  I need to think.”  The unicorn whinnied his approbation and they were soon off.  
Upon his return, he fetched his unwilling companion from the Library and they went to lunch.  The boy was quite unimpressed with the whole Philosopher sect and quite vocal in saying so.  Sophia found them and said to Irving, “I am afraid I must think deeply on our relationship before we pursue this further.  Would you be opposed to some time apart that we might think and see what life has to offer?”  
Irving shrugged, “do as you please.  Of course so shall I and I hope you are not too gravely disappointed if I should choose to look elsewhere for either companionship or inspiration.”  The words did not sting as they might have had she not come to realize that Kieran was right; she had mistaken the giddiness of being appreciated with the first stirrings of love.  It seemed the boy was quite indifferent rather than heartbroken or even upset!  A servant suddenly appeared and beckoned Kieran to follow him, for the Lady wished to address him and his charge.  Irving was reluctant to leave his meal but they had no choice.
They made the appropriate bows and stood before the Lady and she said, “I am sorry to interrupt your meal but something has come to my attention which I dare not put off.  Kieran, I have need of your skills.  Our young poet may accompany you if he wishes, for he may find this a strangely intriguing experience.  How would you like to stop a war?”  
Kieran said, “you would send this poor boy into the heart of such a conflict?”  
The Lady smiled, “I am sure you and Jaden can keep him out of danger, besides there is little real danger in the situation.  This is simply a dispute between two brothers over a piece of property.  Of course such little discords have a way of growing ugly and spawning feuds.  Your mission is to keep this from starting either a civil war or a bloody rebellion within the family.  Only in Gimmer does such a silly thing grow into something this serious!  You ride as soon as you are packed.”  
As they left her presence the boy said, “this sounds an interesting mission, perhaps I shall ride with you.  Every momentous piece of history should have a poet there to memorialize it forever in verse and song.  Let us be off.”  Kieran found Sophia between classes and told her of his quest and she bid him a warm farewell.  She was quite polite to Irving and he rather cold.  Jaden met them in the courtyard and they were soon off.  Jaden was quite amused to discover the identity of their companion but both of the Brethren wondered what the Lady’s reasoning was in sending the boy along into possible danger, for it was not a thing often done.
As they rode, they spoke with the youth about their view on things and patiently listened to his.  He was quite astonished by their tales of life and death, grave injury and miraculous healing, great sorrow and sacrifice, love and forgiveness.  It almost moved him to think perhaps not everything was myth, but he stubbornly clung to his previous assertions that the wit of man was the only true force in the universe.  It puzzled him how such seemingly learned and sincere men could believe such tales to be true.  He laughed as Kieran finished telling one such harrowing story and said, “you really thought yourself dead and that you saw the Master?  Was it not just a dream or a delirium brought on by extreme stress or injury or fever?”  
Jaden said grimly, “I was there.  I saw his throat cut.  He was dead beyond doubt.  The Master also walked among us that day.”  
Irving smiled slightly, “such stories and such sincerity, I almost wish I could believe.”  
“Why can you not?” asked Jaden.  
The boy shrugged, “because I do not wish to.  I do not wish for anything greater than myself because then I might be responsible to some higher calling, a thing I greatly despise.  I enjoy my freedom too much thus I celebrate the spirit of man.”  
Kieran smiled, “but true freedom is found in the Master alone.”  
The boy grinned deprecatingly, “you are deluded my friend.  How can it be freedom to sacrifice everything to anyone or anything?”  
Jaden said, “for that is what we were made to do.  We are restless until we find rest in the Master and then all of life becomes an adventure rather than vacant wanderings in search of we know not what.”  
Irving smiled grimly, “some of us prefer to wander.”
Their conversations went on in this vein until they reached Gimmer and the outlying province wherein the two sons of the local lord were disputing over a certain hill that overlooked a great valley.  The view was breathtaking and whoever owned it was assured of security from his enemies and a prosperous income from the fertile lands within its bounds.  Both wanted to claim the hill and start his own little offshoot colony from their father’s estate but neither wanted to start a war.  Jaden approached one brother and his twenty soldiers while Kieran joined the other brother and his twenty one guards.  Irving, as the poet in residence, felt free to wander between the warring factions as he felt moved.  
The brothers were two of a set of triplets and their other brother would be inheriting their father’s lands thus they felt they must make their own way in the world and felt this the place to do it.  It was their father and other brother that had asked the Lady’s assistance.  The boys were slow to act, having ever been good friends but each day tensions mounted and something must be done soon or all might regret it.  The Brethren arrived only just in time, for the boys were intent on settling it on the morrow, with military force if necessary.  Irving roved between, finding the whole scenario fascinating, he almost hoped for conflict thus making for a more interesting poem.  He expressed these thoughts to both combatants and got them thinking as they had not thought sincerely before.  The Brethren desperately tried to act as peacemakers, but they heeded the poet more it seemed.
The following morning dawned quite humid and promised to be very hot.  Each band marched intently up the hill that their leaders might speak and perhaps battle would be met.  As the Brethren watched to see that negotiations went well, the brothers exchanged this conversation.  Said one, “it is too hot today to attempt such an action.  Our men would fall from heat exhaustion before ever they fell wounded in battle.”  
The other replied, “quite right of course.  I am willing to wait and see what tomorrow brings.  I must get my men out of this ridiculous weather ere they faint.”  They parted then and left that hill called Corona.  Irving was not happy about these tidings and harassed the poor boys all the more.  The Brethren were intrigued but said nothing of their suspicions.  
They met again the following day in similar fashion but in a terrible fog.  Said the first, “we cannot see to fight this day.  I think our poor soldiers would stab themselves or fall off the side and take a terrible hurt.  It is not an honorable day to fight.”  
Said the other, “quite right and I certainly cannot ask them to exert themselves in such horrid weather, for the survivors would surely come down with a dreadful cold.  Let us wait it out and see what tomorrow brings.”  Thus ended the second ‘battle’ of Corona.  Irving was beside himself over such nonsense but the Brethren were becoming more and more amused.  The next three days passed in similar fashion.  A day of rain might rust the armor and weapons.  A day of bright sun might bring on severe headaches.  A day of wind would disarray the uniforms and dishonor their wearers.  The sixth day dawned and they met again.  By now Irving’s hopes were all but dashed.
The first brother said, “I am quite wearied with all these horrible battles and marching up and down this wretched hill.  I am quite willing to surrender the vile thing to you if you would have it.”  
The other said, “I too am weary of this hill.  Let us return home in peace with an honorable ceasefire.  Perhaps we shall build a hunting lodge or other retreat here in time or perhaps our sons will aspire to enjoy its pleasantries since they are spoiled for us.”  Thus were the six battles of Corona fought and forever after wondered at as both a mockery and a triumph of war, for never had peace been so agreeably attained.  Irving of course could find no sense in the entire matter and went home quite disappointed while the Brethren were quite amused and highly content with the outcome.  The three rode back to Astoria companionably, though Irving was not in the best of spirits.  He had wanted to write a stirring poem upon the occasion of the grim battle but no such thing had inspired him, though many splendid tales and poems and ballads were later composed in its glorious memory by those who were not there.  
Irving could not make much sense of the Brethren’s happiness at the outcome and asked, “how do you consider this a success?  There was no blood, no triumph, or defeat.  How can one praise the human spirit without guts and glory?”  
Jaden said, “it is not this for which the human spirit should be praised but for humbling itself before its Maker and abiding by His will.”  Irving then ceased trying to understand the Brethren from then on.  He was however intrigued to hear the tale of Sophia’s childhood.


Chapter 9

Upon their return to Astoria, the Lady was quite pleased with the outcome of the battle, as it were, and gladly allowed Kieran to visit with his brother for a time as she had nothing pressing for him to do.  Sophia went along to visit her family.  They spent nearly a week at home with John before Kieran felt it time to go.  Sophia had decided it unwise to further pursue Irving, much to the delight of her family; where the boy was during this time none knew save perhaps himself.  He had wandered about for a time in Astoria after their return wondering what to do with himself.  He would need a triumphant poem to get his career off to a good start and his own wanderings had failed to yield anything to inspire greatness.  He had hoped the Brethren might introduce him to such adventure but alas they also had failed him.  It seemed his beloved had also forsaken him thus he would soon be in dire need of gainful employment.  His ponderings on the girl brought other, more sinister thoughts into his mind.  He had no concept of good or evil but simply what availed him at the moment and that he might avoid the penalties of the law.  He was not a violent man by nature and had never bothered to learn anything pertaining to the martial arts.  He did however decide that his lady yet owed him something for abandoning him as she had.  He only needed to find less worthy individuals willing to carry it out.  
Sophia was of noble blood and there must be someone willing to pay for her ransom, and if it failed he would not be found holding the knife.  He met three students one night in a common room in the city where they had come for respite on their one free day of the week.  They eagerly listened to Irving’s proposal, seeing little danger and much profit in it, they soon made preparations for their adventure.  They were tiring of their education and would soon be returning home, for Astoria was not the place they had hoped it might be.  The chance for easy profit and a bit of adventure was just what they were looking for.  They were soon in their saddles and on their way to pay a visit to John’s house, knowing from Irving that their prey waited therein.  
Kieran, Sophia, John, and his wife sat in the kitchen that morning, the two former hoping to be off soon.  Flick and Sophia’s horse waited patiently outside for their masters to finish saying goodbye.  Suddenly Flick alerted Kieran to four mounted men riding into the farmyard, one of which was Irving.  He stood and John eyed him curiously, asking, “what is it?”  
Kieran said, “nothing I hope, but you will soon have four visitors, including Irving”.  The entire family stood and went to the door.  Four men, little more than boys, dismounted.  Sophia ran out the door to greet her former lover, hoping they could yet be friends.  She stood talking with Irving quietly while the other three boys made their way towards the house and those who had just emerged.  
John said, “one of you is of my daughter’s acquaintance and who might the rest of you be?”  
The closest of the youths said, “we are friends of your daughter’s friend.  He thought it might be to our benefit to make her acquaintance.”  
Kieran did not quite trust the boy for some reason and asked, “and what interest have you in the girl?”
The boy smiled coldly, “and who wants to know?”  
Kieran said grimly, “her uncle, though I think it should not matter who is asking, you should answer the question.”  
The boy laughed merrily though the sound was cold and hollow, “then let this be answer enough.”
Kieran’s hand was on his sword but he did not draw it forth fast enough to block the boy’s blade as it pierced him through.  Flick screamed in despair and outrage.  John and his wife gasped, going to their knees beside the stricken Kieran.  One of the boys grabbed Sophia and leapt into his saddle with her before him.  The other two were soon in their saddles and galloping madly out of the farmyard.  Irving approached the fallen man with a blank expression on his face, as if he were working desperately to hold back a laugh.  Flick was beside himself, wishing to save his master but also desperate to rescue Sophia, whom he loved almost as much.  
Kieran felt the creature’s distress and laughed grimly, “go, you great hearted beast!  Save the girl, she needs you now more than I!”  Flick nuzzled Kieran gently in farewell, screamed his rage to the world, and was gone like a sudden storm.  Irving watched him run off with a frown marring his face; this might complicate matters.  He had warned them of Kieran’s presence but had forgotten about the unicorn!
John knelt, holding his brother’s head, and said to the boy, “what is going on?”  
Irving shrugged, “my companions wished to know more of my formerly beloved lady.  I did not think they would resort to violence.”  
Kieran winced and said, “tell the truth boy.  I can tell your lie.”  
The boy scowled and suddenly looked on the verge of flight, but John’s wife had fetched her husband’s bow and had it aimed at his heart.  Irving paled and said, “very well, having failed in finding a means to support myself and knowing of your daughter’s noble kin I thought to take advantage of it.  I found some lads who shared in my delight at such a scheme and who agreed to help with this little adventure.  They would procure the girl and demand a ransom of her noble relatives and I would get an equal share in the profits when the ransom was paid for devising the scheme.  I did not mean for harm to come to anyone, but it seemed quite necessary in this instance.  Nothing personal of course.”  
Kieran grimaced as he laughed, “nothing personal about murder, not in the least.  I take it quite personally, however.  John, I suggest you secure this villain ere he attempts more mischief or tries to escape.  My blood is on your hands boy, as much as it stains the sword of the man who killed me.”  
John looked at his brother with grief in his eyes, “Kieran you cannot be serious!  You have survived too much to die like this!”  As they spoke, John was busy securing the boy.  
Kieran smiled sadly, “I know it is hard for you but it is the truth.  Even if Flick returns in time I will not let him spare me.  I have escaped death often in my adventures but it seems my time has finally come.”
Tears filled John’s eyes as he knelt once more beside his brother.  His wife put a comforting arm around his shoulder.  John looked upon Irving in horror and disbelief, “what have you wrought?”  
The boy shrugged, seemingly unimpressed by the family’s grief, “sometimes things do not go exactly as planned.  I did not intend to bring you such grief but it was a risk I was willing to take.”  
Kieran grimaced, “it is easy to risk lives and sorrow not your own.  You are a cold hearted boy.”  
Irving shrugged, “I am simply a man trying to make my way in the world as best I can.  We all must die eventually.  Besides, I thought you Brethren were unafraid of death.”  
Kieran gasped, “we do not fear death but that does not mean we seek it out.  How can your cold heart feel nothing for what you have done?”  
The boy shrugged once more, “I have done nothing.  I devised a plan, another struck the fatal blow.  Why am I held responsible for another’s actions?”  
Kieran said, “because you knew very well this might happen and yet went ahead with it anyway.  These dear people trusted you and you stole away the dearest thing to their hearts!”  
John wept not only for his stricken brother but also out of fear for his missing daughter.  He asked, “and what of Sophia?”  
Irving smirked, “they will ride to Cantara and see what her kin will give for her.  If nothing, I do not know what shall come of her.”  
John frowned, “her kin would have nothing to do with her when she was an orphaned child; they will do nothing for her now!”  
Irving smiled grimly, “then perhaps my companions will not be as merciful as you might wish.  None can save her now.”
Kieran smiled grimly and said, “you have again forgotten Flick.  There is nothing swifter than a unicorn and nothing more dangerous than a unicorn sundered from those he loves, save perhaps a dragon in a rage.  None loves Sophia more than Flick, even her own family.  He will bring her safely home.  Weep not John, for she is even now returning with all the speed he possesses.”  Even as he spoke they saw five riders coming quickly over the brow of the hill.  
Flick had taken after Sophia’s kidnappers with all haste once his master had bid him go.  He swiftly overtook them and called out in desperation for aid from Jaden and his mount, who were even then approaching with a message for Kieran from the Lady.  They came to his aid just as he cut in front of the fleeing boys, revealed his true form, and sent their horses into a panic.  While the horses set to bucking and trying to flee from the terrible vision, Jaden rode in alongside the boy who had captured Sophia.  She gratefully leapt into the saddle before him and they rode out of range of the boy’s swords, but the boys were too busy trying to stay mounted to worry about aught else.  Flick veiled himself once more and the horses quieted.  He screamed his rage at the stricken boys, who would have made to flee but the unicorns herded them back towards the scene of the crime without so much as a word from Jaden, who had little idea as to what had happened.  Sophia was insensible with sobbing, out of terror and relief.  They herded the boys the short distance back to the farmyard.  Sophia slid from Jaden’s saddle and flung herself into the arms of her relieved and grief-stricken father.  She then saw Kieran lying on the ground in seeming distress and rushed to his side.
Jaden and John secured the would-be kidnappers before they returned to Kieran’s side.  Two of the boys looked quite grim while the third, who had stabbed Kieran, seemed pleased with what he was witnessing.  Irving wore a blank expression.  Flick approached his dying master and whickered pathetically, as if apologizing for his absence.  Kieran said weakly, “I know what you want but I cannot allow it.”  Flick whinnied in an agony of grief.  Kieran continued, “Sophia needs you.  I know what your noble heart yearns for but I know it cannot be.”  The miserable creature whinnied pathetically and lay protectively by his dying friend.  
Jaden stood solemnly by, helplessly watching yet another friend preceding him in death.  Kieran grinned weakly, “do not look so morose!  We shall meet again beyond time!  This is a better death than many a man has faced, surrounded as I am by my family and friends.  Mourn if you must, but not overly much.  You must let me go and continue with your lives.”  Tears welled in Sophia’s eyes as she knelt beside him and hugged him gently in farewell.  He smiled weakly and said, “mind your father and continue to serve the Master dear heart.”  She nodded sadly but a wan smile touched her lips.  He groaned once more and his head fell back lifelessly.  There was much weeping but all found comfort in Kieran’s encouragement and more so in the Master.  Jaden and John buried their brother as the women looked on and cried.  Then Jaden sang the ancient paean of death and hope that the Brethren reserved for such occasions.
They returned to their prisoners, John hitched up his team to the wagon, and the grim party set out for Astoria.  Two of the boys were pale as death, never having imagined their adventures would end in such tragedy.  The third smirked grimly.  Irving held his peace.  Flick was adamant that Sophia should ride him back to Astoria.  He glared daggers at the boys in the wagonbed.  Jaden rode escort while John drove the team.  It was a slow trip but they reached Astoria late that night.  The guards on the city gate looked curiously at the little procession but let them pass as Jaden rode with them.  They glanced curiously at Flick with a woman upon his back not numbered among the Brethren but they asked no questions.  They received similar treatment from the guards upon the castle gates.  They had made excellent time through the city for the streets were all but abandoned at that hour.  They rumbled into the courtyard and weary servants came to take their reins.  Jaden spoke quietly with one of the servants who rushed off to inquire after the Lady though it was doubtful she was still awake at such an hour.  He then spoke with several of the guards, who formed up around the boys, anticipating whatever came next.  The breathless servant returned and quite surprisingly said that the Lady would see them immediately.  
The grim little party marched into the Lady’s presence.  John, Sophia, Jaden, and the four guards bowed deeply.  The boys stood awkwardly and then were herded before the Lady.  She looked as if she had been roused from her bed and looked grimly upon the disturbers of her rest.  She looked to Jaden, “what has happened?  Why does everyone look so mournful and why do three of my students and one poet stand before me in bonds?”  
Jaden said sadly, “these four have perpetrated much grief this day.  Kieran was slain by their hand and they attempted to take Sophia captive that they might gain ransom thereby.”  
The Lady looked grimly upon the four boys before her, “is this true?”  They looked into the depths of her pitiless eyes and knew it was folly to lie.  
The boldest of the four said, “it is quite true Lady.  I myself ran your servant through and am quite content in the matter.”  All save Irving looked upon him in horror.  
The Lady asked very quietly and very dangerously, “why are you so satisfied in having perpetrated murder?”  
The boy smiled coldly, “it is good to rid the world of your miserable kind, if I could only bestow the favor on one man I am now content.  We do not need your endless meddling and mythic stories.  Mankind is better off without you.  Good riddance!”  
The Lady looked upon him grimly, “you know the price for your crimes?”  
He scoffed, “take my head if you must to sate justice.  It was worth the price.”  She shook her head sorrowfully and turned to Irving and the two as yet silent boys.
She said, “and what of you three?  Are you also glad to have had a hand in murder?”  Irving shrugged but said nothing.  The two remaining boys went to their knees and tears ran down their cheeks.  
The first said, “Lady, I had hoped for an adventure and a little money.  Never did I anticipate what might happen nor did I hope harm might come to any, including the lady.  Do as you will with me but I beg your forgiveness and that of all those I have this day wronged.”  
The other nearly wept, “forgive my foolish pride!  I meant no harm and did not think what this day might bring.”  Irving and the bold youth glared at them as if they were pathetic.  
The Lady asked of Irving, “have you nothing to say?”  
He smiled weakly and said, “I did what I thought best.  You cannot hold me responsible for murder when it was these three who did the deed and I merely planned the outing.  It is their responsibility to pay for their actions.”  
The Lady said, “and why do you feel vindicated while they are condemned?  Perhaps you did not hold the sword but you are just as guilty in this plot as they.”  Irving paled slightly but did his best to look nonchalant.  She then turned her attention again to the murderous youth and said, “you knew full well the price for your crimes ere you did the deed and even after you feel no remorse or shame.  I abandon you to the fate prescribed to murderers, which you have freely chosen.”  A pair of the guards each took one of his shoulders and led him from the Lady’s presence; he glared at her in defiance and triumph as he was led away.
She then looked sadly on the two boys that yet knelt before her saying, “you have admitted your wrong and speak truthfully when you say you truly meant no harm, but you are yet guilty by your involvement in this tragedy but your hearts are not beyond redemption.  I forgive your transgressions against me and mine, but you must also seek the Master’s forgiveness if you hope your hearts to change.  I offer you the chance to remain in Astoria for a full year and if you complete your time faithfully and without trouble, after that you may go where you will.  If you cause problems, I must send you to the fate awaiting your friend.  Will you abide by my requirements and seek to make something worthy of your lives?”  The boys nodded eagerly and hope started to stir in their grief-filled eyes.  She smiled gently, “very well then, we shall see how you get on.”  The final pair of guards loosed their hands and escorted them from the room.  The Lady then turned to Irving, “and what of you?”  
He smiled at her blandly and said, “I would say that I am guilty of nothing and that you must release me.” 
 She sighed, “you are certainly guilty of implementing this plot but I have not the heart to send you to the headsman though that is the fate some might think you deserve.  Neither will a year in Astoria do you any good, for your heart is far from repentant.” 
He sneered, “and what is there to repent of?  I have done nothing wrong!”  
She said grimly, “perhaps a year in the quarries will humble your heart?  Think well and deeply on all you have heard my servants say in the past months and may the Master have mercy upon you.”  
Irving sat down abruptly on the floor, quite surprised at how his time in the near future would be spent.  He had not imagined the Lady quite that heartless!  The headsman would be better, at least it would be a swift death.  But the Lady did not wish to kill him, only to show him the folly of his ways, that he might afterwards become a better man or at least one nearer to human than his current incarnation.  
Sophia suddenly knelt before the Lady with tears in her eyes and said, “Lady if you would have my service I offer it to you.  I cannot replace my uncle but I will serve you as best I can.”  
The Lady looked upon her in much concern and said, “my dear, this has been a terrible day for all of us and you have your whole life before you.  Would you not rather make this decision at a later time without this duress so recent in your memory?”  
The girl looked up defiantly and said, “this is what I am determined to do if you will have me.  By your hesitation am I to think myself unsuited for your service?”  
The Lady smiled gently, “nay child, I will gladly accept you as one of my servants but it is a decision that must not be made out of duress or desperation.  I only wanted to know that you were firm in your choice and it was not a result of the day’s events.”  
Sophia said quietly, “it has been a decision long in coming and only today have I felt able to make my decision firm.”  She looked to her father with tears in her eyes and said, “this is what I would have but if you cannot part from me I will refrain.”
He came to her and held her close and wept into her hair, “dear heart you must do as you feel you must.  Your mother and I could not be prouder of you, regardless of what you choose to do with your future.  We were proud of your uncle and we will continue to be proud of you.”  
She mumbled through her sobs, “thank you!”  Irving looked as if he had been kicked in the head by a mule.  
The Lady looked to Jaden and said, “I had thought to send Kieran and you on this mission together but I am afraid you must now go alone.  On your way you must see our poet safely to his destination.”  Jaden bowed deeply, grabbed Irving by a shoulder, and led him dazedly from the room.  The Lady looked sadly upon John, “I am sorry for your loss, you must cast your grief upon the Master and He shall lend you strength.  Your brother will be greatly missed by many, including myself.  Rest here as long as you wish.  I thank you for the sacrifice your family has made for the Master, both your brother and your daughter.”  
John bowed deeply and said, “Lady it is an honor to have such kin.  You have my gratitude.  You have done much for my once wayward brother and that is a debt I can never repay.”  She smiled sadly and soon after they all sought their beds, weary with grief.  In the morning, Sophia bid farewell to her father, who began the long ride home alone.  Jaden set off with his unwilling companion to deposit him in the quarry ere he rode off on his own errand.  Flick remained in Astoria, very unwilling to go far from Sophia, whom he had claimed as his own though she had yet to take her Oath.  They found strength in their shared grief.
As Jaden rode along leading the horse that carried the bound Irving, the poet said, “I did not think your Lady so heartless as to deprive men of their lives so recklessly.  Why did she spare the two but condemn us?  Was it simply because they have become intoxicated with your spurious beliefs that you find pity to spare them?”  
Jaden said quietly, “it is not how they feel about the Brethren or the Master that determined their fate but the attitude of their hearts.  The rebellious boy was proud of his work and no amount of preaching, punishment, or rehabilitation was likely to change that attitude if he had not already come to realize the grievousness of his crimes thus he was dealt with according to the law.  Your two companions knew full well what they had done was wrong and were willing to admit it and face whatever justice the Lady saw fit to mete out.  Their hearts were humbled, open, and willing to change.  Their lives can yet be salvaged for something more than an example of what happens to such criminals.  After a year in Astoria I doubt if you will even recognize them as the same boys who helped perpetrate the scheme.”  
Irving said, “how is justice for one death and justice for the others rehabilitation as you call it?”  
Jaden said, “the one’s heart was unwilling to change, the other two were quite adamant in their hope for forgiveness and thus something could be made of their lives.  Justice must be moderated with mercy and love else it shall consume us all.  The one would not accept such humiliation as he saw it and chose his own fate.  The others were willing to accept the Lady’s grace.”  
Irving said, “why must I meet a slow death in the quarries?  If your Lady sees fit to punish me for that which I see as no crime she could at least have sent me to a swift end.”  
Jaden looked surprised, “her intent is not to kill you but for you to learn the folly of your ways.  She hopes your heart is not yet so hard as to be beyond all hope.  I am to speak with the Quarry-master and see that you are given an easier task than mining stone.”  
Irving was rather miffed, “so she thinks I am weak does she?  I want her pity as little as my moribund companion!”  
Jaden sighed, “you are physically weaker than most of the criminals in such a place and she knows that.  Be grateful for her foresight and mend your ways.”  
Irving growled, “there is nothing to mend.  At least in the quarries I shall escape the endless tedium of the Brethren!”  
They spoke little more on the journey thence.  Jaden tried but the boy refused to listen.  There was no such thing as a penal quarry in Astoria but there was one on the borders of Syre that gladly took in any workers the Lady felt willing to lend them.  The Quarry-master was a free man who worked for the King and oversaw all that happened in the quarry including the induction and expulsion of prisoners; he had full authority to deal with troublesome prisoners as he saw fit, but he was a just man and did his best to see that both the criminals and those offended were treated fairly.  Jaden spoke to the guards that rode out to meet them saying, “the Lady of Astoria has sentenced this man to a year in the quarries.  I must speak with the Quarry-master.”  The guards nodded and he followed them to the little hut that served as the office and quarters for the Quarry-master and his secretaries.  Jaden presented his orders and the man read with interest.
He looked over Irving carefully and smiled, “he is no brute is he.  You say he has a good mind and some education?  Your Lady also wishes to spare him the rigors of the regular work and the danger of the other prisoners?  Very well, I think we can put him to work as one of my secretaries and see how he fares.  I can always toss him into the pit if he is completely hopeless.”  He turned to Irving and said, “work hard and do as you are told and you will have no trouble.  Cause too many problems and you will face a grisly end of my choosing.  We are fair but not soft.  Understood?”  Irving nodded dully not quite believing this to be real.  
Jaden bowed himself out and said to Irving, “I shall be back through in three months and shall check to see how you are faring.  May the Master ride with you.”  
He disappeared and the Quarry-master said, “those Brethren are quite odd but they certainly know their business.  Now you will be responsible for all the minor duties and paperwork that goes into running this circus.  If I find you lazy, treacherous, or incompetent I shall toss you into the quarry where you will be lucky to last a week.  If you do worse than that you shall be staked out in the woods to die of exposure, thirst, or the predations of some wild beast.  Am I understood?”  Irving nodded grimly and followed the man about the little office as he explained his new duties.
That night he fell into an exhausted and confused sleep still not fully believing that this was quite real.  He stood in a twilit fog, he could see quite well though no light source was visible.  He wandered aimlessly, thinking it a strange dream and wondering how long until morning came that he might escape this strange limbo.  He smiled mockingly at the ghost that suddenly appeared before him.  Kieran stood nearby and looked a little sadly at the scoffing poet.  Irving sneered, “and why should I fear a figment of my own imagining?  I deny life after death thus you cannot yet persist as anything but memory.”  
Kieran smiled in amusement, “just because you deny something does not invalidate its existence.  Your own mind would not torment you with my presence.  Know that I am myself and that I am yet quite real, though not perhaps in any form you would care to believe.”  
Irving said, “I watched you die.”  
Kieran smiled, “physically yes, but there is so much more to life than the mere physical.”  
Irving scoffed, “so then why are you come?  Have you come to torment my dreams in revenge for my part in your demise?”  
Kieran said, “the Master would never allow such a thing but occasionally He sends His servants to give warning in such a fashion.”  
“Warning?” sneered the boy, “Warning about what?”  
Kieran said, “the decisions you make in the next few months will decide your entire future and perhaps your entire eternity.  Humble yourself before the Master ere it is too late.  If you turn to evil you have chosen your own fate.”  
Irving laughed, “I will choose as I please and I need no pathetic warnings from you or your precious Master.  Go away and let me sleep.”  Kieran nodded sadly and was suddenly gone.  Irving laughed to himself as his mind turned to more normal nocturnal maunderings.
Irving was not pleased to be considered something so lowly as a clerk but was secretly glad not to have to face the rigors of the quarry.  He was quite competent in his duties once he had learned them and was rather impressed with the honesty of the Quarry-master in his dealings with the King and the prisoners.  Each prisoner was released on time, rebellion and bullying were severely punished thus did not much occur, work was hard but not as grueling and cruel as in other penal quarries, the food was nourishing if not exactly gourmet for he did not skim from the food budget to line his own pockets, and each prisoner had a certain amount of money laid away for each month of his service so that when he was released he might have something to fall back upon rather than crime for a time after his release.  
Irving was not impressed with his surroundings however, and would rather die attempting to escape than live out the humiliation of remaining for the full term of his sentence.  He waited patiently and after nearly three months in such circumstances he took his chance.  He was far from skilled in any form of attack or defense but seeing as how the Brethren could manage it, it could not be all that difficult.  He took up a small stone he used as a paperweight and concealed it in his fist and waited for the Quarry-master to return.  When he entered the hut, Irving sprang to his feet, and attempted to render the man unconscious with the rock but only managed to give him a headache and earn his own doom.
The Quarry-master was not a lenient man and he had not the Lady’s patience with criminals.  He had warned the fool and that was the end of it.  They secured him hand and foot amidst the brush on the edge of the quarry.  The remains of the previous victim still lingered in the form of cracked and bleached bones strewn about.  The Quarry-master smiled coldly, “you have earned this fate yourself.  If it were winter you would die of the cold but as it is summer you will either succumb to thirst or some hungry beast will make an end of you.  You had best hope for a quick end, for sometimes the buzzards come ere the predators and it is not a pleasant death.”  He laughed coldly and left the poet to his fate with a single guard watching to make sure he was not somehow rescued.  The hours passed and the guard was changed but otherwise not much of interest occurred.  The Quarry-master came the next day to taunt him but then returned to his duties.  The guard continued to rotate on a regular basis but the hours trudged on very slowly.  Irving was beside himself with thirst and almost hoped for some wild creature to end his misery.  
Suddenly, as if in answer to an unacknowledged prayer, the guard collapsed with a groan and a sinister looking man stood looking upon the captive, bloody sword in hand.  The man smirked, “you have earned yourself a nice end.  But it need not be quite the end yet if you abide by what I shall tell you.  I represent a certain group of people interested in the furtherance of humanity by means often considered evil or illegal by most but considered necessary by those dedicated to our goal.  Interested?”
Irving nodded vigorously, it sounded very much like his own lofty aspirations.  The sinister man continued, “of course we demand your complete dedication to our cause and failure results in a swift death, but as you are dead anyway that should not cause overly much concern.  My master shall also grant you great power if you give him your soul.”  
Irving wanted to laugh but could not speak around his dry and swollen tongue.  The man gave him a bit of water and after much effort the boy said, “I do not believe in such a concept as a soul.”  
The man smirked, “neither do most who swear their lives to the Nameless One and that is fine, for otherwise it would be a grim exchange but nothing awaits beyond death as the Brethren might have you believe.  Serve him faithfully in life and you have naught to fear after.”  
Irving scoffed, “neither do I believe in your Nameless One any more than the Master!”  
The dark man shrugged, “it matters not.  Do as you are told and you will gain great power and much renown.  Otherwise I can leave you here for the buzzards.”  
Irving said, “as long as I do not have to believe more than I am comfortable believing I will do as you ask.  Your goals align nicely with mine.”  
The man smiled coldly, “excellent.  Then I will release you and we shall discuss what to do next.”  He unbound the captive poet and tied the dead guard in his stead.  Then a snarling reptile came out of the woods and began to devour the corpse.  Irving watched in horrified fascination.  When there was nothing left to differentiate the dead guard from what possibly might be the remains of Irving, they vanished into the woods.
The guard was never found but it was thought the prisoner was most certainly dead; they thought the guard had fallen afoul of whatever had finished the prisoner.  They looked no further into the subject for fear of finding it other than they believed.  Once safely hidden from pursuit the dark man said, “now we will discuss what we do next.  You now belong to the Brotherhood of the Serpent, men dedicated body and soul to the Nameless One.  Serve well and you have nothing to fear and everything to gain.  Fail and you know what will come of you.  To show your dedication to our cause you must shed innocent blood and then our master will grant you greater power than you can imagine.”  
Irving said, “innocent blood?  I have no martial skill.”  
The dark man growled, “we can teach you how to kill effectively when the time comes.  The blood you shed must be that of a child or one of the Brethren.”  
Irving smiled coldly, “the Brethren are the ones who unjustly condemned me and I would gladly spill their blood.  One of them is even supposed to come and check on my progress in the next week or so.”  
The dark man smiled, “excellent, that will avail us nicely.  I am glad he is so thoughtful.  Have you any objections thus far?”  
Irving shrugged, “I am only ever out for my own gain.  This is certainly better than death.  You already said I need not believe as you.  How can I join your little fraternity when I do not believe in your master?”  
The dark man said, “only the Master is fool enough to require his servants’ utter devotion.  Our master takes the service of all with dark intentions whether they acknowledge him or not.”
Irving sighed, “I believe in neither good nor evil but what is expedient for the advancement of humanity.”  
The dark man smiled, “all the better, for that is our mutual goal.”  
Neither of them realized that the Nameless One’s theory on humanity’s future was either annihilation or total enslavement.  Most of his servants were simply interested in their own gain and benefited from furthering his plans.  They worked for ‘humanity’ but were actually far more interested in themselves than any of their fellow men.  They liked the idea of humanity in general but despised it as individual persons not realizing that they could not serve the former without loving the latter.  For humanity was not some soulless entity comprised of hundreds of thousands of men but a mass of individuals each with their own yearnings, hopes, dreams, and secret sorrows.  It was not soulless but was composed of many, many thousands of souls.  However these men thought nothing of individuals or souls and thus it mattered not.  They took it as their cause and thought no more about it.  They waited patiently for Jaden to appear, discussing much about what Irving must do and how it must be done.  They had not to wait long.  
The unicorn made his way swiftly along the only road leading into the forsaken place and before he came close enough for the guards to hear, the dark man let his arrows fly, saying to his acolyte, “the Brethren’s mounts are much more dangerous than their riders and it is expedient to kill them first.”  Irving nodded as a dutiful pupil might.
The unicorn screamed as he fell with two arrows in his heart, flung his rider as he fell, and disappeared upon death.  Jaden had been dazed in the fall but struggled to his feet and reached for his sword.  Two more arrows were loosed and he fell again with one each in his abdomen and leg.  The dark man said patiently, “if you need to capture a live specimen, as we do, it is best to aim for non-vital areas but if you do not need them alive it is best to kill them swiftly ere they cause some mischief.  They are dangerous at bay, for they have no fear of death, fools that they are!”  Irving nodded again as they moved out of the brush in which they had taken cover and approached the stricken man.  
Jaden’s eyes widened when he recognized his killer.  He snorted grimly, “I see the Lady’s pity was certainly misplaced.”  
Irving smiled wanly, “I told you I wanted none of her pity and now it seems you will pay the price.”  
Jaden asked, “you still think you have done nothing wrong?”  
Irving shrugged with a smirk, “what are right and wrong save individual assertions to one’s own advantage?  Even this is to my own advantage thus it cannot be intrinsically wrong, save to yourself but then your vote is soon to be nullified so I shall not worry about it.”  
Jaden scoffed, “a nice way to justify murder.”  
The dark man said, “enough chatter.  Do what we came for before the guards discover us.”  Irving nodded grimly and raised an evil looking dagger.  
Jaden said, “I do not like the feel of your new friend.  You would be wise to seek friends elsewhere.”  Irving smiled coldly but said nothing as he drove the knife into the stricken man’s chest.  As he did so, the dark man began his vile chanting in a fell sounding language and a shroud of evil seemed to gather around the macabre scene.
Jaden’s eyes widened in pain and then he fell back limply.  The dark man laughed, “now taste of his blood and you are sealed to us.”  Irving gave him a horrified look but did as he was told.  He felt terrible power coursing through his being and could not wait to see what arcane abilities he now possessed.  They mounted the fell reptile and soon vanished, leaving the guards to discover the body and giving the Quarry-master the grim task of reporting her servant’s unexplained demise to the Lady of Astoria.  
Even as Jaden’s eyes closed in death, they opened upon eternity and he saw the terrible maw of one of the cruel demons from the pit snarling over him.  The reptile smiled cruelly, “you are mine fool!”  
A feeling of terror and confusion made to seize Jaden’s heart but something more real suddenly flamed within him.  A deep-seated loathing for the fell thing and a now unshakable confidence in the Master caused him to say, “be gone vile thing!  You have no part in me.”  He made to swat the beast aside with his arm as he gained his feet but ere he could touch it, it hissed in fury and terror and fled far from him, as if he wielded a red-hot poker.  
“You dare aspire to touch me, infidel!” screeched the creature.  
This demand was met with laughter from an unexpected though not unpleasant source.  Jaden smiled to see his friend, as Kieran said to the wretched beast, “that is what you get for interfering with one of the Master’s servants.  Be gone, for you have witnessed that which you must.”  
The thing drew back but said, “very well but I shall remember this treachery when my master defeats yours!”  He suddenly vanished and Jaden exchanged greetings with his friend.
He asked, “what is going on?”  
Kieran sighed, “our poet is involving himself in evils even greater than he knows.  He bartered your life and his soul for powers dark and terrible.  That fell thing came to witness the sealing of the bargain and felt himself at liberty to taunt you.”  Jaden then gazed upon the final details of the terrible ritual and watched the pair ride away.  Sorrow touched his heart as he thought of the price that boy might eventually pay.  His life was small loss compared to the loss of that confused and rebellious soul.  Kieran put a reassuring arm around his friend’s shoulders and said, “come, we have lingered here long enough ourselves.  It is time we too returned to our proper place.  The boy’s fate is in his own hands.  We have certainly done all we can to reach him.”  Jaden gave Kieran a sad smile as suddenly they vanished into eternity.


Chapter 10

The Lady was grieved by Jaden’s demise and wondered what had come of Irving.  She did not trust the tale that some fell beast had done away with the boy and the guard both, but there was little now to be done in the matter.  She turned her attention back to more pressing issues and before long the vanished poet was nearly forgotten.  Of the surviving two boys sentenced with him that day, one joined the ranks of the Brethren and the other found himself a wife and a trade thus fulfilling the Lady’s hope for their future even though such hope had failed miserably in the case of Irving.  Sophia was finally able to take her Oath at the next Oathtaking and began her apprenticeship under one of the few female Messengers.  Flick was overjoyed to be paired with her as her dearest companion and friend.  She rejoiced to at last share such a bond with her friend of so many years.
Unicorns in general were quite protective of their riders, but Flick was even more watchful than even the most finicky of his conspecifics.  He had lost one rider and was loath to endure such grief again, especially to one so dear to his heart.  Sophia had to scold him on several occasions lest he smother her with his protectiveness.  For several years they tagged along with her mentor and learned all that they must ere the Lady judged her ready to try her own adventure.  Finally, that day came and she joyfully set out independently in service to the Lady and the Master.  She visited her parents when she could and they were quite proud of their daughter, though ever the fear of losing her wished to gnaw at their hearts, but they gave such worries to the Master and trusted that He knew better than they.
Sophia never forgot her uncle and Kieran’s example continued to inspire her long after his death.  She had forgiven Irving and the others their part in the disaster and her former lover was soon forgotten, especially when he was thought dead after some treachery in the quarries.  Irving however never quite forgot Sophia and yearned to make her regret all the infamy that had been heaped upon him and which was justly laid at her feet.  Had she simply continued to love him none of this would have happened and if her wretched family had not interfered he would not be in this mess either.  He enjoyed the power he had by now mastered and was even competent with a blade.  He had one of those fell riding beasts and was a terror to anyone who fell afoul of his wrath.
He had various missions from his dark masters but there was much latitude in what he was allowed to do with his time as long as he accomplished those goals assigned to him.  He proved a proficient servant and his masters cared little for his disbelief.  He knew his powers stemmed from some unknown force greater than man but he did not care to look deeper into the matter.  Ever was he looking for a chance to get even with the Brethren for his humiliation or at least Sophia.  He could not let his own lust for revenge hinder his duties but if the opportunity presented itself he would certainly take advantage of it.  He had never thought himself a vengeful person but he came to enjoy such selfish indulgences and was soon fully consumed by evil though he still doubted the existence of such a concept.
The crown prince of Kalmar was to find himself a bride, his father and the Lady of Astoria feared that some might use the situation to cause problems and strife for the country far to the southwest.  Sophia was dispatched to blend in with the throng of avid ladies hoping to gain the prince’s hand.  According to the customs of Kalmar, the prince could marry whomever he chose but he would look first among the great houses of Kalmar and the surrounding nations, hoping to gain a political alliance as well as a satisfactory marriage.  She of course was forbidden from entering into such a union but it was ideal cover for one to infiltrate the situation and keep watch for anything odd.  This was to be her first mission alone and she was eager for her chance.  
She carried a copy of her orders to show to both the king and the Lady’s advisor stationed in Kalmar should it become necessary, but they both hoped things would go quietly and there would be no need for such aid.  The King was aware that the Lady would have an agent in place and her advisor to the King of course could tell the girl by sight but they would not interfere unless she asked for their assistance.  She rode to the capital city and found a room at a small inn which would act as her headquarters while they were in the city, for she was not likely to be offered a room at the palace, commoner that she was.  She donned one of the dresses she had brought for the occasion and slipped out of the inn to make her way to the palace to join in the festivities, hoping she might pass for some minor and foreign noble’s daughter.
As she came out of the door of the inn, a dark figure grabbed her and suddenly she was aback a galloping horse fleeing the city.  Flick screamed his rage and followed after, desperate not to again lose his rider.  The folk in the street yelled in terror as they jumped away from the madman who seemed intent on riding them down, but otherwise no more attention was given to the abduction.  Sophia awoke some hours later as the sun was setting, she found herself securely tied to a tree.  A dark man held a knife to her throat and Irving stood nearby with a wicked grin on his face.  A desperate looking Flick stood off to one side alternating between baleful looks at the dark men and wretched looks at his mistress.  She gasped when her eyes fell upon Irving and he smiled coldly, “so glad you could join us my love.  I thought the Lady would send someone to interfere in our plans and it is fortunate that it was you.  Now I can have my revenge and end the meddling of the Brethren in our affairs at the same time.”  
Sophia said, “I thought you were dead.”  
Irving scoffed, “I am quite well thank you, much better than you will shortly be.”  Flick screamed his rage and pawed the air.  Irving eyed the stallion with some interest and said to the creature, “you wish for your mistress’ continued good health?  Then I shall make you an offer.  Agree to carry me and do as I bid and she will be allowed to live.  Refuse or rebel and my comrade will cut her throat.  Understood?”
Sophia said with vehemence, “you cannot ask such a thing of him!  Better to kill us both, for neither of us will agree to such a scheme.”  Flick whickered dejectedly; he was willing to do just about anything to spare Sophia, even this terrible thing, which was very much against his nature.  He nodded miserably.  Sophia said to the wretched creature, “Flick you cannot do this!  Let them kill me; you cannot destroy yourself thus!”  
Irving’s vile assistant backhanded her and the unicorn pawed the earth in irritation but did not otherwise comment on their mistreatment of his friend.  He knew he should listen to the words of his mistress but he had not the heart to lose her as he had Kieran.  He would sell his soul to spare her life.  The glow about him faded and he took on the form of a common horse, allowing the man to approach.  Sophia wept bitterly to know what this cost her friend.  A unicorn thus enslaved was a wretched thing, his noble heart could not long bear such a circumstance and if he did not die fighting for his freedom he might soon cease to be a unicorn, for a unicorn in chains with a despondent heart was no unicorn at all.  He allowed the man to swing into his saddle and obeyed his every cue and direction as if he were naught but a well-trained horse.  Irving took the great beast out, rejoicing at the freedom he felt in the saddle of such a creature and his own pride swelled to know he had mastered a creature that no other mortal man had ever tamed.  But the farther they rode, the slower the creature became and the less spirited his movements.  By the time they were on the return journey, there was nothing to differentiate him from any other mortal horse.  His heart was broken and the glimmer of wisdom was gone from his eyes.  Irving was not pleased with the changes in the beast and rode back to make it known to Sophia.
She wept with grief to see what had come of her friend.  His eyes were dull and placid like any common horse.  Irving scowled, “what has come over your beast?  I have aged geldings with more spirit in them than this creature.  I want a unicorn not another horse!”  
Sophia said grimly, “you cannot enslave such a noble heart and expect it to go on being as it was before.  If you make him a slave, even with his consent, his heart will break and he will be no different than any other horse ever foaled.  He has done a foolish thing, for he loves me too much.  He is willing to lose himself that I might survive but this is no life for either of us.  Flick listen to me!  Free yourself from this foolishness.  Let us both die if we must, but do not force us both to live half alive.”  
Something must have touched whatever remained of the noble heart at the core of his being, for life again flashed in his eyes and he began to buck.  Irving found himself on the ground and glared at the unicorn that again stood before him.  Flick screamed his rage and dared the villain to do his worst; he had heard his mistress and knew the truth of her words.  Irving smiled coldly, “I warned you and now you will rue your impudence.”  Irving motioned, his comrade smiled coldly, Sophia smiled encouragingly at her appalled friend, and then slumped as the knife pierced her heart.  Flick screamed in agony and fell upon Irving and the unnamed man and soon he was the only living creature remaining in the glade.  He miserably nuzzled his mistress but knew there could be no response.  He lay down and tucked his head into his flank and fell into a grieved sleep.
It was dark in the clearing and he looked up eagerly at the familiar presence in the moonlit glade.  Kieran stood nearby and looked sternly upon his friend.  Flick whickered a greeting and made to approach his friend.  Kieran backed away and said sadly, “I am sorry my friend, but if you touch me this dream shall end.  We must speak however.”  Flick whinnied miserably but nodded his understanding.  He glanced hopefully about for Sophia but they were alone in the glade.  Flick looked expectantly at Kieran, who shook his head gently saying, “she is quite well, as you should know but alas you will not meet again this side of time.  Do you know why you lost her?”  The unicorn averted his gaze from Kieran’s but did not otherwise respond.  Kieran crossed his arms and said, “Flick?”  The unicorn met his gaze and nodded dully.  Kieran smiled sadly, “you loved her too much and took great pride in that love and thus drew strength from your own conceit rather than from the Master.  You were willing to destroy yourself to keep her alive though she would be no more free than you.  You could not have acted more selfishly!  Those that would follow the Master must love Him more than anything or anyone else, you know that, but you chose to put all your love and devotion towards something mortal and fallible and this is the terrible result.”  The creature’s ubiquitous glow had faded completely as Kieran spoke; his coat was a sooty grey in the twilight.  Flick hung his head in dejection and whinnied pathetically.
Kieran smiled weakly and said, “you know what you have done is wrong and are sorry for it as well.  Fear not, the Master is not so quick to abandon His children as they are to fall away from Him.  Come, seek Him once more.  Take heart my friend for you are not alone, no matter what loss, grief, or sorrow you must yet face.  You have work yet to do.”  Flick whinnied in quiet joy; his coat again glowed white in the darkness.  He looked at Kieran expectantly.  A broad grin split the man’s face, “that is much better my friend.  Now you had best finish the quest upon which the Lady sent you.  Two of the villains are destroyed but there yet may be others plotting no good against the crown.”  Flick looked mortified and whinnied a question.  Kieran smiled amusedly, “that you will have to discover on your own.  Not having a human partner makes your quest more difficult but not impossible.  You will think of something.  Now come, bid me farewell and go finish what you have begun.”  The unicorn trotted up to his friend, nuzzled him gently and suddenly awoke to a terrible cacophony and much screaming.  
Dawn was breaking upon the forest and a flock of startled geese was scattering from the clearing in which Flick lay.  They hissed and screamed and honked their terror as they fled.  A startled girl stood in the midst of the clearing with eyes wide at the sight of such an awesome creature; she was so surprised she hardly noticed her fleeing flock.  Apparently geese were as tolerant of unicorns in their true form as horses.  The girl did not seem able to decide whether she should run or approach the magnificent creature.  As she looked closer at the beast, she realized he was wearing saddle and bridle as if he were a mortal horse.  She saw him looking at her curiously and turned her head away shyly, which brought her eyes to bear upon Sophia.  She gasped and took a step back.  She glanced in horror at the dead woman and then again at the unicorn, whose horn she noticed was stained with blood.  Could such a noble beast truly kill a woman?  Would she be next?  But who had bound the woman to the tree, certainly he could not accomplish such a feat.  She then saw the tender sadness in his great eyes when he gazed upon the woman.  
The girl said tentatively to the mournful creature, “this poor woman was one of the Brethren and your rider?  What has happened to the fiends who inflicted such an end upon her?”  He stomped a foot in the grass, loudly, with all the finality of the fall of the headsman’s axe.  She nodded grimly, taking his meaning that justice had been done.  She asked, “and why do you linger here still?  Do you wait only for someone to see to your lady’s mortal shell?”  He shook his head and then arched his neck around and prodded at one of the saddlebags with his great horn.  Cautiously, the girl approached and he whickered in approbation.  She dug around in the pouch and found a letter addressed to the King of Kalmar.  She read with growing interest and alarm.  If the woman was dead, who was to fulfill her mission and ensure the peace of Kalmar?  That there were those willing to kill her made it obvious that there might yet be those involved in further plots against her country.
As if reading her mind, Flick whinnied eagerly.  She stared at him as if he had gone mad and said, “you want me to infiltrate the castle in your mistress’ guise and take her place?”  He nodded eagerly.  She looked on the brink of flight but could not abandon the poor creature in his hour of need, nor could she let this threat to her country go unheeded when she could do something to stop it.  She sighed, “I have not the wisdom or skill of your mistress but I shall aid you as I may.  What must I do?”  He pawed the air in joy and stood broadside to her that she might mount.  She stared at him.  He stared back and finally she overcame her wonder and climbed into the saddle.  The unicorn vanished and she found herself astride a fine black stallion.  He seemed to fly back to the city and she clung to his back for dear life.  
As they approached the gates, he resumed a saner pace that they might not draw unwanted attention from the guards.  They still stared in wonder to see a peasant girl astride such a noble animal.  They arrived outside the small inn and she dismounted.  He walked around to the side of the building where the windows of the guest rooms looked out upon an alley.  He nudged one of the shutters open with his horn and she climbed into the room, not knowing quite what she was about.  She saw various dresses of fine make upon the bed and the unicorn whinnied his encouragement.  She had never worn anything so fine in her life but knew it was necessary if she were to accomplish this mad scheme.  She donned one of the dresses, but dared not crawl out the window in such an outfit.  She left through the door and the innkeeper did not remark her as she looked enough like Sophia at first glance in age, height, and color that he thought her his guest.  
She climbed again into the saddle and they set off for the palace.  She had walked past the palace gates on several occasions but had never been inside before.  She was quite nervous but also very excited; she had never had an adventure before and this was much like the stories her grandmother told before the fire on winter nights when she was young.  She rode up to the gates and said as fearlessly as she could to the guards, “I am come to join the ranks of those ladies seeking the prince’s favor.”  
The guards looked her over and thought she looked the part of some minor noble’s daughter and allowed her to pass.  The one on the left said, “you seem far too sweet a lass to throw yourself among those hyenas that are trying to pass for ladies, but suit yourself.”  She gave him a curious look, wondering what he meant, never having spent time amongst the nobility, she had little idea that sometimes people could act more like beasts than even the wild creatures were wont to be.  Flick stopped in the midst of the courtyard and allowed a servant to take his reins as another helped his rider dismount.  She looked at him anxiously but he nudged her reassuringly in the back.  She smiled and allowed the servant to lead her into the depths of the castle where the gaggle of noble ladies waited impatiently for the prince to attend them this morning.  This was a gathering of all the eligible daughters of the local and a few foreign nobles.  If the prince could not find a satisfactory bride among them he would begin to look among the peasantry but this must be tried first.  He had almost despaired of finding a suitable bride among such arrogant and predatory creatures.  In his presence they fawned and fussed and complimented but when they were alone they went at each other like strange cats in disputed territory.  The guard was very close with his description of hyenas.  The goose girl found herself a lamb among jackals.
The vicious ladies eyed her at first with derision and then with enmity; a predatory light gleamed in their eyes.  One brassy girl said, “and who might you be, a scullery maid who has stolen a lady’s dress?  Go back to the kitchens before things go ill for you.”  The girl smiled meekly but said nothing.  The others were about to pounce upon her with similar bile but a servant appeared and announced the prince and they were soon on their feet and bowing to the appropriate degree, their nemesis for a time forgotten.  The prince did not look pleased to be present but then he saw the newcomer and a slight smile graced his lips.  He approached the girl and she backed away in seeming terror.  
His smile deepened (as did the scowls of the other ladies) and he said, kissing her hand, “fear not my lady for I mean you no harm.  You are late in coming but I welcome you to our party.  Come, let us all stroll about the gardens.”  He took her hand gently and led her out a small side door into a large and well-tended garden.  He took much pleasure in showing her the various parts of the garden, its strange features, and special plants.  He talked much of his aspirations and asked questions of her.  She smiled and blushed and answered as best she could.  He had taken such pains with each of the others but never had it been a pleasure until now.  The others walked along behind and wished to stab the insolent girl in the back but alas a vicious gaze can do no physical harm.
He said as they returned to the castle proper, “and of what noble lineage are you my dear?”  She blushed crimson and looked upon the ground in mortification.  He smiled gently and said, “fear not that I shall throw you aside because of your birth, a thing which you cannot help.  All this week I have walked among the ravens but this day I found a dove in their midst and I would not have her fly from my hand only to be set upon by those birds of pitiless eye.”  
She smiled coyly and met his gaze saying, “I am here almost by accident my lord.  This morning I was but the daughter of a farmer, driving her father’s geese to town when a most terrible sight befell me and a strange adventure was before me.”  
He looked upon her in surprise, “and how comes a goose girl to possess such a fine garment and to pass the inspection of my father’s guards?  You could not have come afoot or on some derelict plow horse.”  
She smiled in bemusement and said, “come to the stable and I shall show you my noble mount and there tell you all my tale.”  He nodded his agreement and motioned for the ladies to remain in the garden where servants quickly fell upon them with every sort of delicacy and refreshment.  They ignored the provender and glared at the retreating pair unheeded.  They went to the stable and there Flick whickered a greeting.  She ran to his stall and stroked his velvety nose and asked, “would you show his Highness your true form?”  The prince gave her a curious look but watched intently, intrigued by the mysterious girl.  The stallion looked him over and then nodded.  The horses in the surrounding stalls suddenly started making a great racket but as soon as he unveiled his true form he again cloaked himself as a normal horse.
The prince stared in amazement, not quite believing his own eyes.  He gasped, “you are one of the Brethren then?  My father said one of the Lady’s servants might be among my prospective brides.  Alas for now my heart is grieved within me.”  
The girl said sadly, “weep not Majesty, save perhaps for treachery done to honorable folk.  I am not numbered among the servants of Astoria but am, as I said, a farmer’s daughter of your own realm.  I came upon this great creature in a clearing this very morning.  There also was his mistress, bound to a tree, and slain by foes unknown.  He has dealt with the fiends but his mission yet remained unaccomplished and he asked me to take the place of his mistress in this strange charade.  He bore me to her inn and there I borrowed one of her dresses.  Thus did I infiltrate your castle though how I am to accomplish his quest I do not know, lacking both the wisdom and skill of his mistress.”  
The prince smiled broadly, “your quest is to keep sinister folk from preying upon this opportunity?”  
The girl nodded determinedly, “yes sire.”  
He said, “then it is quite simple.  Marry me and no one can again take advantage of this situation.”  Flick whinnied in joy.  
The girl was astonished, “but my lord I am naught but a peasant and we have only an hour’s acquaintance.”  
He smiled, “but if such a noble creature can trust you why cannot I?  If you have the heart to take on such a quest then you truly have the heart to be Queen.  It was not chance but providence that brought you to me this day.  Will you consent to be my bride?”  
The girl smiled deeply and said, “I would be honored Majesty.”
They soon applied to his father, who after a few minutes alone with the girl and upon hearing her story was quite pleased with the prospect.  The noble ladies were very unhappy but had little they could do about it.  The villains had not yet gained control over any of this particular brood of vipers but such hearts could have been easily corrupted, but now even that threat was ended.  All that remained was to ask the girl’s father for his consent and to see to giving Sophia a proper burial.  The geese had returned quickly home after their terrible fright which prompted much panic among the girl’s family for they feared her overcome by some wild beast or evil men.  They set out in search of the girl and came across the dead woman in the woods, which caused even greater grief and fear.  
Two of her brothers were quickly sent to the palace to report their discovery and to beg aid in recovering their lost sister.  They were quite surprised to see their sister in the saddle of a graceful mare beside the prince, astride his own charger, in the castle courtyard.  Flick had been sent off with the Lady’s advisor to the king and four of the guards to attend to Sophia.  He thanked the girl profusely and after his mistress was buried, he disappeared into the woods and was seen no more in Kalmar.  The betrothed pair and a dozen guards were preparing to ride out to the girl’s farm to ask her father’s permission.  She smiled in greatest joy to see her brothers but their mingled reaction of shock and relief troubled her heart; she had not meant to cause them such alarm.  She slid off her borrowed horse and ran to greet them.  They were flabbergasted as she told her tale but were soon congratulating her and joined the party that rode back towards the farm.
The boys rode ahead as the party approached the farm lest so many armed strangers startle the rest of the family.  They quickly told the tale and there was much astonishment and no little joy to learn their missing child was safe.  The farmer gladly gave his daughter in marriage to the prince and when the King died, long did they rule together and were much beloved by their people.  The Lady was saddened at Sophia’s loss but heartened by the ending of the tale.  There was much grief in John’s house upon hearing the news of their daughter’s demise but they sought comfort from the Master and knew that they would not be forever sundered.


Chapter 11

During this time, there was an unfortunate flirtation with extended names in a certain part of the world.  For eight millennia mankind had been content to have a simple name not usually exceeding nine letters but for some reason, most likely due to extreme prosperity, which has a tendency to breed arrogance and boredom, man decided he needed to call himself something more ponderous.  Thus it was that such an absurdity was in its third generation when Henrophilus Danderman III was born and so named.  His name was awful but nothing in comparison to his elder brother who was called Gadrocephalus the Untidy, who was such a slob that his father could not imagine such a namesake and therefore changed the boy’s name and bestowed his name and inheritance upon his baby brother.
The boys grew as only boys can, and though Gad (as he was called by those rebelling against modern trends in nomenclature) and Henry (similarly called by such rebels) were brothers, they were worlds apart in heart and interests.  Gad was an adventurous and argumentative young man while Henry loved books and knowledge and all things of that sort.  Gad could never quite forgive his father for taking away his birthright for something as silly as cleanliness and set out to seek his own fortune in the wide world.  Henry, as the future heir to his father’s small estate, was happily sent to the city of Astoria to continue his education because it was said that people in that fabled city actually seemed to know something.  Gad eventually fell in with bad company and developed an even worse affinity for all things dark and evil.  His lost inheritance lost all of its former attraction but he still harbored an ill will towards those who had so abused him.
Henry was quite happy in his new situation, learning all he could about every imaginable subject.  He really did not want to be heir to his father’s title, but as things went in those times he really had no choice as he was the only remaining child and the next in line was Philanthroppus the Scruffy, the family dog.  So it was that Henry studied, and when not studying prayed often that his father would live a long life and therefore spare him the tedium of lordship, for Henry was a scholar and not a tyrant, as most lords were wont to be.  The only thing that spared Henry’s sanity was the thought of one day amassing an impressive library.
Astoria was a small country somewhere south of the wild North, inhabited by a peculiar sect calling themselves the Brethren.  Henry was not sure what exactly they claimed to believe but they seemed to know what they were talking about on any number of topics (a rare skill) and thus he was content to absorb as much wisdom as they were willing to pass along, which was quite a bit.  During his time there, he had little time for friends but there was one young man with whom he developed a friendship.  This boy, whose very uncreative family had named him Winkelman Winkelman Winkelman, as he was the third to bear that name and they thought it more noble than calling him Winkelman III, but tragically he was known as Winkie to his friends.  Both boys were scholars and loved learning, though Winkie had an unfortunate pseudonym, he had a brilliant mind, and as their areas of interest were exactly opposite, whatever Henry did not know Winkie did and vice versa.
Several years passed in this pleasant fashion with both studying their fill.  They had not much time for conversation but when they did converse the words they used were baffling and understandable only by those of equal erudition.  They often shared a companionable silence for hours on end, rarely breaking the verbal fast, save to share some bit of profound knowledge.  Henry loved knowledge of all kinds, particularly history, lore, and philosophy.  Winkie was a man of nature and loved all things that grow and run and breathe and live and die, most especially things of a vegetative nature.  After these years of companionable silence, tragedy shattered their happy world and called Henry home and Winkie to a decision.  Word finally reached Henry (for he was often hard to find, buried as he was in some forgotten corner of the library) that his family had been brutally murdered, even the dog.  He was needed at home to oversee his father’s estate and to assume his duties.  The thought of remaining in Astoria alone after the departure of his friend was unfathomable to Winkie and thus he was determined to accompany his friend home.  The other concern was that Henry’s life might perhaps be in danger, for whoever had perpetrated this terrible crime might be seeking, for whatever reason, to make an end of everyone related to that family, why else would they kill the dog?  
The Lady of Astoria was disturbed by these tidings and summoned Winkelman to stand before her (one cannot stand before such a personage and call oneself Winkie).  She said to the dreamy but brilliant boy that stood before her, “I have had tidings of what has passed in Salita.  You might be riding into danger and evil beyond imagining.  I would like to send one of the Brethren to accompany you; he can keep you out of danger and perhaps help solve this crime and bring the perpetrator to justice.”  The boy brightened at the thought of traveling with one of the Lady’s servants, who might act as their very own personal tutor on the long journey south.  When the boy did not respond she continued, “I would also very much like you to consider joining the Brethren.  A mind such as yours could do much to expand the minds of others.”  
The boy started, as if doused with cold water, and said in surprise, “my Lady?”  
She smiled at the boy and said, “make no mistake, it is no easy life but I think it would be one to which you are well suited.”  
The boy still looked confused, “but what have I to offer such astute personages as yourselves?  What can I add to the vaunted wisdom of Astoria?”  
The Lady’s smile deepened, “only time will reveal that but a mind such as yours would not be wasted in such endeavors.”  The boy seemed rather pleased that she would consider him worthy of such an honor.  He had often sat and listened in wonder as the Brethren spoke at length about any number of subjects.  To be a master of such knowledge would be an amazing feat indeed!  
“But why me, Lady?” asked he.  
She said, “you have a gentle heart, which is more important than even a brilliant mind, but I think your peculiar talents would find ample use amongst us.  The offer to join the Brethren stands open to any and all who come with a willing heart, it is not only the talented and the strong we seek.  All are welcome.”  
The boy pondered these words for a moment and said, “I have heard your servants speak often of the Master, even in such things as a botany lecture!  I can see His power in all things that live and move and grow and I long to know Him as He truly is.  I respect your servants greatly and am honored to be asked to become one of them.  I am yours if you will have me.”  
Afterwards, the rather shocked Winkelman sought out Henry, who at that moment was putting the last touches on his preparations to leave.  The breathless Winkelman found him in the stable and said, “I have one small task to be about then we can leave.  I am sorry for my tardiness, I know you wanted to leave right about now but the Lady asked to see me and suggested we take along one of the Brethren.  He will be along shortly, as will I.”  Henry nodded, not quite understanding his friend’s haste.  He did have to leave, but was in no hurry to hasten his departure as the later he left the later he arrived home and the later he had to abandon his studies.  He was encouraged to hear at least one of the Brethren would be traveling with them, at least his studies were not to end quite yet.
Winkelman vanished just as quickly as he had come and returned about an hour later with one of the Brethren in tow.  The man laughed warmly at the events of the day and the harried pace of Winkelman.  The latecomers were quickly mounted and the small party was soon on its way, as Henry had already gone to all the trouble of packing.  Henry was cheered to see that their companion was one of the Philosophers called Garet.  Why exactly they had one of the Brethren traveling with them he was not sure, but was happy for such a ready source of knowledge.  As they rode out of the city, Garet began to speak with Henry, “so what do you know of affairs surrounding your family?”  
Henry was surprised, he had anticipated some sort of lecture rather than something as tedious as small talk.  Henry said, “do you not accompany us to continue our education?”  
The man laughed and said, “that is perhaps one of the reasons I come with you but by no means the greatest.  The major reason is to protect you from whoever is after your family and to solve this crime.”  
Henry looked rather disappointed but answered the man’s question, “my father is a minor lord of Salita and I was not initially his heir, until my elder brother’s messy habits forced my father to take action.  He was a very tidy man was my father.  I do not know where my brother is or what he has been about these last few years.  He never quite forgave my father for losing his birthright.”  
Garet nodded grimly, “so you think perhaps your brother is involved in this tragedy?”  
Henry shrugged, “I do not know but if he is, I shall have some choice words to say to him for interrupting my studies.”  Garet and Winkelman shared a concerned look.
They rode on for much of the day and as evening approached, they found a suitable place to spend the night.  As they rode, Garet spoke of many things and the boys hung on every word.  As the fire crackled merrily in the growing night, Garet handed Henry a sword and only now did Henry notice that Winkelmen had been wearing such a blade all day.  Henry was rather concerned that he must partake in so archaic and dangerous a ritual as practicing his long neglected swordsmanship.  He had spent some of his precious study time learning the basics of swordplay when first he came to Astoria but had since moved on to more productive uses for his time.  But it seemed Garet was not content simply to hone their mental skills: he expected their physical skills to be as sharp as their minds.  During the course of the evening no one drew blood so the affair was considered a success and Henry’s damaged sensibilities were quickly healed by a few more lessons from their personal Philosopher.  Exhausted both physically and mentally, the boys climbed into their blankets while Garet took the first watch.  
Before succumbing to sleep, Henry asked the groggy Winkelmen, “why are you wearing a sword?  You never felt the lack of such an instrument of destruction while we pursued our studies in Astoria.”  
Winkelman yawned and said sleepily, “Garet thought it appropriate as we are no longer safe within the walls of Astoria.”  Henry nodded sleepily and turned over trying to find a comfortable position; he never thought to ask why Garet did not suggest that he go armed as well.
The next morning they were up early and on their way.  Henry was still rather sleepy and not very happy to understand that Garet expected all of them to take their turn standing watch.  He had not thought the journey would be so tedious, but then he often forgot that his family had been killed by some unknown personage and said personage might still be out looking for Henry.  The journey continued in this vein for several weeks as they slowly made their way towards Salita and Henry’s miniscule estate.  By the time they reached the northern border of the country, Garet was at least convinced the boys would not accidentally stab one another.  He also continued his lessons in all manner of topics and held them all to a strict schedule.  The boys very nearly felt themselves experienced campaigners by the time they rode into the village just a few miles north of Henry’s inheritance.  They stopped in the village and asked after recent happenings and what, if anything, was being done to look into the matter.  
The grizzled old innkeeper wiped his bulbous nose on the back of his hairy arm and said, “we had some excitement awhile back now but otherwise life continues as ever it does.  Some local lord or other got himself kilt somehow but we are making do as best we can.  To tell the truth I really do not think that anyone really misses the poor bugger.  The Guard investigated but they said there was really nothing to be found.  Ah well, what are we to do or know about such things?”  Such were the tidings from all so questioned, save for several colorful theories on the who and the why of the crime.  They spent the night at the inn and planned to ride to Henry’s home on the morrow.
Morning came and they rode towards the abandoned estate.  Henry was not joking when he said his father was only a minor lord.  He was actually a very minor lord and only had three aging farmers and one sway-backed mule under his protection.  The three did not look pleased to find a member of the family yet living.  They had rather come to enjoy living as free men.  There were not even any servants left to the family, as the last ancient butler had died shortly after Henry left home and had never been replaced.  Theirs was a lordship maintained more out of tradition than necessity, even as their wealth failed around them.  In a way, Henry was not sad to see his pathetic inheritance and gladly came to the realization that he was free from his dreaded fate and could return to Astoria to continue his studies with a clean conscience.
The three aged farmers were also relieved to hear that their new overlord was of a reluctant spirit in such a matter; the mule seemed indifferent.  They then went to explore the house.  Henry stopped briefly at the graves of his mother, father, and the dog, but pity and grief failed to stir within him; his had never been a temperament prone to the common human emotions, at least where other people were concerned.  They entered the derelict house to look for some clue as to what had transpired within.  Dust lay thick in the corners and unused portions of the great but crumbling house.  They looked everywhere but came away with no more clues as to the perpetrator or the reason.  None of the three had the heart to spend the night in such a place and they retreated to the village.
The next morning they approached the soldiers of the Guard who had investigated the matter.  The captain, who had been on the scene, said, “they was killed in their sleep, a rather professional job that.  They never even knew what hit them, not even the dog.  If you ever find the murderous fiend let me know: I can use a man of his talents in the Guard.”  Garet and Winkelman exchanged another concerned look but Henry nodded as if it made complete sense.  
When they were once again alone, Garet said, “I do not know how to track down the people or person responsible.  There is not even a clue as to who did it or why unless our suspicions about your brother are true.  Do you think he might be looking to kill you as well?  And if so, would you mind being our bait that we might have a chance at catching him?”  
Henry raised his eyebrows and said, “I very much doubt he cares that much about me, after all I did not steal his birthright (such as it is) intentionally.  As far as solving this puzzle, I am content to leave well enough alone.  I will certainly not sit here and wait for someone to try to kill me.  Let us go back to Astoria before I waste more of my time on vain pursuits.”  Garet and Winkelmen got to practice their concerned look once more but could not gainsay Henry.  If the murderer wanted to kill the boy, Astoria was the safest place for him.  Garet hated leaving the man free to escape justice but there was no way to catch him unless he acted rashly while pursuing Henry.  Reluctantly they had to agree with the boy and began the long ride back to Astoria.  
The return journey was much as the journey south had been save Henry was in a much more positive mood because he had escaped the cruel fate he had dreaded for so long.  They finally reached Astoria and Henry once more buried himself in the library.  He was quite concerned when Winkelman failed to join him, as was their former habit.  He confronted his friend on the matter and the boy said, “I have learned what I can from books.  Now my learning must take place in the wide world.  You love ancient lore and philosophy, which can be found in tomes such as these, but my passion is nature and that must be experienced to be fully understood.  The Lady also says I cannot spend my life buried indoors and must make myself useful in the wide world.”  
Henry could understand Winkie’s interest in learning more about his favorite subject first hand but his mention of the Lady’s dictums puzzled him and he asked, “why has the Lady suddenly taken such an interest in the direction your studies are taking?”  
Winkelmen grinned foolishly and said, “I joined the Brethren shortly before we left for Salita and I am now apprenticed to Garet, thus the Lady now takes a very great interest in my affairs.”
Henry was rather surprised; they had been in Astoria for years and never had the topic ever come up between them but then they hardly discussed anything not pertaining to their current studies.  Henry said, “I thought you were indifferent to all that.  What happened?”
Winkelman smiled, “we have spent so many years studying here for our own benefit and some part of me has ever longed to use my amassed knowledge for the benefit of others.  Now I have that chance.  I also came to realize that knowledge without purpose is vain and I can think of no greater purpose.”  
Henry laughed, surprising them both in revealing that he did, in fact, possess a sense of humor, “are we not wise enough to be beyond such fairy tales as the Master?  Is the Master not just a fable to ease lesser minds?”  
Winkelman laughed ruefully, “I was a fool not to believe as I do sooner.  Where did knowledge and wisdom first arise if not from some Mind great enough to bring them forth?  You cannot tell me everything we have studied is just some cosmic accident?”  
Henry shrugged, “think as you wish if you must.  I do not know the origin of all things but I will not make up stories to fill in the gaps.  I must therefore remain forever ignorant of such things but it is better to be ignorant than deluded.  I wish you well my friend in whatever may come of your strange choice of occupation.  Your new comrades are certainly among the most learned of men but I fear they are also some of the most superstitious.”  Without another word, he returned to his book and never even looked up as his friend walked out.  Winkelman and Garet traveled much of the southern half of the world teaching and telling stories to all who would listen.  As they traveled, Winkelman collected and studied plant specimens, and by the time he returned to Astoria a year later he had quite the collection.
Upon his return, he sought out the library and found Henry there just as he had left him.  He glanced up curiously, nodded at his adventurous friend, and returned to his studies.  Winkelman spent the next several months compiling notes from various sources about the plants he had collected.  He was then sent out once more, this time to the east.  Eventually he was deemed ready to be done with his apprenticeship and off to adventures of his own.  Ever Henry stayed in the library.  The years passed and Winkelman traveled much of the world, and as he did so he studied the local flora.  On one return trip to Astoria he again found Henry in the library.  As was his habit, the man nodded once at his friend and resumed his studies.  Winkelman shook his head in bemusement and approached the man for the first time in years.  Henry finally looked up at the man who towered over him.
“Yes?” asked Henry.  
Winkelman laughed, “come my friend, it is time you left that chair.  You have very nearly grown roots!  I head south in the morning and greatly desire your aid in one small task.  Will you come with me?”  
Henry sighed, stretched, and stood.  He smiled weakly and said, “I suppose I might as well, as I have read every book in the library.  I am full of knowledge but have no use for it at the moment.  I would dearly love an adventure.  I am afraid that I must tell you that I was wrong in what I said to you so long ago.”
Winkelman laughed, “I know, but come we have much to do before we leave and then I shall tell you my errand.”  Together they prepared for their journey into the distant south, once they had ridden out of the city and were very much alone, Winkelman said, “I am bound south on various errands for the Lady but while I am there I am also seeking something of legend.  Something I very much hope you can help me find.”  
Intrigued, Henry said, “and what might this be that a scholar of my inexperience can help you with?”  
Winkelman said, “as I have traveled, ever have I sought out the local vegetation both common and rare.  I have compiled quite a list including habits and habitats but there is one specimen I have yet to collect.  It is something that is forbidden, save at the last end of need.  I have yet to discover if dragonsbane is yet extant in the world.”  
Henry was stunned, “you are looking for a plant unilaterally fatal to dragons and all but outlawed by the Treaty of Indifference?”  
Winkelman laughed, “I am not seeking to possess any of the stuff!  I know the threat it would pose to the tentative peace with the dragons if man ever again came into possession of the stuff.  I simply wish to catalog it for the book I am writing and to know if it yet even exists in the world.  It has all but fallen out of memory and the world may one day rue it if such information is forever lost.  My book is not complete without it.  I need your help in discovering if it yet grows anywhere in the world.”
Henry could only shake his head.  Much was written of the plant in the aging tomes he had spent the last few years devouring, he might be the only person to comb those volumes in the last hundred years.  He might be the only one alive with the knowledge available to find the mythic plant.  Many millennia ago, when the earth was young and the wars raged between dragons and men, peace talks were called by both sides to curb the destruction that nearly destroyed both races.  The dragons agreed to withdraw into the wilderness if men agreed to no longer use or grow dragonsbane.  Men agreed and the plant fell out of living memory, and only the carefully preserved but almost forgotten books in the libraries of Astoria yet remembered such a thing even existed.  
They rode south, Winkelmen completed the duties that had brought him thence, and then they went in search of the mythic weed.  The Lady had agreed to Winkelman’s request to spend a few months in searching for the plant before he returned to Astoria.  They spent much of their time combing ancient ruins, for the plant was said only to grow in the very south of the world and only in places where it was tended by men.  Finally they found a small straggling patch of the stuff in a crumbling fortress along a rushing river.  Winkelman sketched to his heart’s content and when he was fully satisfied, he was ready to return to Astoria and write his book.
In that crumbling ruin, Henry finally came to a decision.  He faced his friend and said, “I must go about on my own for a time and discover to what use I might put my knowledge.  You have found your place and I have yet to find mine.  Thank you for drawing me out of the shadows of the library and showing me that there can be meaning in the world.  Who knows?  One day I may even return and join you in your fool quest to save the world!”  
Winkelman smiled and said a sad farewell to his friend, but was happy to know he had finally decided to make something of himself.  All the knowledge in the world is pointless if it is not used for the benefit of others.  Winkelman mounted up and rode off into the failing day, leaving Henry alone in the growing dark.  After the sounds of Winkelman’s horse had disappeared into the distance, a much quieter and closer sound drew Henry’s attention.  Out of the lengthening shadows a man-shaped shadow emerged.  Their faces were changed by the years and obscured by the failing light but Henry was certain he looked upon Gad, his brother.  And it seemed the years had not been kind to him.  They stared at one another for a time and finally Gad said, “so I have you at last.”  
Henry looked confused, “I did not know you were looking for me?”  
Gad said, “of course I have been looking for you!  Who do you think it was that killed our parents?  Why would I destroy them and yet allow you to live?  I will have my vengeance.”  
Now Henry was truly confused, “why did you kill our parents?  Why kill me?  If you want your worthless birthright, by all means take it.”  
Gad laughed, “I care nothing for such trivialities; I want revenge!  You and our parents have made a mockery of me and I will not stand for it.”  
Henry said, “how have I ever made a fool of you?  Our father was perhaps too much of a neatness fanatic and rather ill-educated and what he did to you was not right but that does not justify murder!  I have never done anything to embarrass or demean you.  Come to think of it, I cared little for anything outside my studies, even my own family.  I did not cry when I stood over their graves.  I fear I am more a cold hearted villain than you when you slew them.  At least you had some passion, if misguided.”  
Gad stared at his brother as if he were mad, “what has come over you?  I know you cannot have been fool enough to join up with those Brethren.”  
Henry laughed grimly, “I have not, but I suppose after spending so many years in their city I cannot help but absorb a few of their ways!  I did not even realize the transformation until I accompanied my friend out of my self-imposed exile.  For once in my life, I am actually starting to care about others.  What has come of you all these years and is there some way I can help you overcome your past?”  Gad sat down suddenly and Henry could not tell whether he wept, laughed, or was doing a bit of both.  
Finally the stricken man regained some control of himself and said, “I had thought to simply kill you and make an end of a lifetime of infamy but instead of a cold, heartless wretch I find a real person!  I saw you that day when you came home and looked upon what I had done.  I thought it would be no more difficult to kill you than it was to kill them, as none of you were actually real people.  But somehow you have discovered your soul and I am starting to realize that I have lost mine.  I have done terrible things and made vows more dark than you can even imagine.  You have freed yourself from your arrogant disdain for others less intelligent, can I be free from my own wretched yoke?  I had thought to find meaning in the power offered by my evil masters but ever I come away more wretched and desperate with each terrible act.”  
Henry smiled weakly and said, “I thought to find meaning in my studies but they were vain and without purpose.  I am sorry to say it but I do not think that either of us can overcome the vacant depths that once were our souls without the Master.  No man can fill the gaping hole in his heart on his own, no matter with what he tries to fill it.  Only the Master can give us purpose and freedom.  I sound like one of the Brethren!  What has come over me?”
“I do not care but it shall not last much longer,” snarled a deep voice.  As the last sliver of the sun plunged beneath the horizon, a large, dark man jumped out of the shadows and came at Henry with a drawn sword.  Henry drew his own blade (Winkelman insisted he wear the thing) and tried to block the oncoming assault but his skills were rusty and never had been very great.  To Henry’s surprise, and perhaps even more surprising to himself, Gad leapt to his feet and intervened on his brother’s behalf.  Gad mortally wounded his foe but not without taking a vital wound himself.  
As their foe lay dying, he said, “you cannot so easily abandon the Brotherhood!  Our masters will hunt you down and destroy you…”  He trailed off and his body dissolved into a sticky ooze upon the grass.  Both men shuddered and Gad nearly collapsed, but Henry held him firm.  They limped into the ruined castle and Henry made his brother as comfortable as he could.  It was obvious his brother was dying.  
“Why did you save my life when you were so close to killing me?” asked Henry.  
Gad laughed weakly, “I think it is because I finally figured out that some things are worth living for and thus I was unwilling to see them destroyed.  I will renege my vows to the darkness but can such as I yet seek the Master?”  
Henry said quietly, “I know little of such things but it seems the Brethren think so.  Who are these evil men you have fallen in with?”  
Gad painfully told his story and Henry faithfully copied down his words.  The man died that night but had finally found peace with himself and his family and most importantly, his Maker.  In the weary light of dawn, not long after his brother had died, the grief-stricken Henry heard voices outside the fortress.  He feared more of Gad’s companions had come.  He quickly hid his newly finished book in a forgotten chest in a dry corner and hoped to sneak silently out of the fortress.  He was in his saddle and riding off when they saw him.  His horse screamed and he felt a piercing pain in his chest.  Darkness took him and his last thoughts were that perhaps he and Gad would not be parted for so very long after all.
The three men of the Brotherhood of the Serpent never found the hidden book but they were content in knowing they had silenced the traitor and the stranger who might somehow carry word of their existence to others.  They thought the secret of their existence was once again safe for all time.  Henry never came back to Astoria and long did Winkelman wonder what had come of his friend, but his compilation of the world’s plants became a much-loved classic for botanists throughout the world.  Long after both men and their memories had faded to dust, their writings resurfaced and shook the world.


Other Books by this Author:

The Serpent and the Unicorn: Book I and II
The Serpent and the Unicorn: Book III
The Serpent and the Unicorn: Book IV and V
Once a Thief
A Song of Lesser Days
Thus It Began
Legends of the Brethren: The Sampler
Legends of the Brethren: The Complete Series
In Shadow

Of Tea... and Things

The Greylands
The Foibles
Over the Hills and Far Away

Want to Know More?:
Official Website
Author’s Blog



Sample Chapters of ‘Shadow of the Unicorn,’ the first in the ‘In Shadow,’ series:

1

Jace stood upon the battlements, staring, though unseeing, out upon the bleak grey landscape of the failing year ere snow covered and softened the weary land for its winter repose.  Leaden clouds lowered ominously on the horizon while a mournful wind moaned pitiably in the half completed towers of the grotesque fortress; the river passed sullenly by without comment, preoccupied with its looming icy imprisonment.  Though only partially complete, the grim fortress was already falling to ruin, as were the souls who lingered therein.  The place was hardly cheerful, even upon a bright morning of spring, and was at its most dismal ere the first snows of winter, but it was not the weather that brought the boy out to pace the battlements upon such a dreary day, rather he had much to contemplate and none of it good.  His patched cloak flapped wildly in the wind but he little noticed, for his thoughts were just as unruly.  His grandfather, a nobleman displaced by war, had laid the foundations of this ruin and his father had further built up the fortress after its founder’s untimely death, but the family fortune had run out long before the project was finished, so it moldered in half-completed splendor while its occupants dwelt ever in the shadow of poverty and isolation, and now it seemed, madness as well.
Jace’s father was but a boy when war forced the family to flee with what they could salvage of their wealth.  The patriarch was determined to start anew in a strange land, much to the dismay of the locals, but they were a rather peaceful folk and he began his project without asking their permission, and as they were notorious for their willingness to forgive, the project continued despite their misgivings.  But tragedy struck the third winter the family spent in their new home, for both of Jace’s grandparents died of pneumonia within a fortnight of one another, leaving their son, still very much a boy, alone in the grim fortress with only a few faithful servants and guards that had accompanied the family in its flight, for they trusted no one in this strange land, least of all those of common descent.  But the boy was not crushed by his loss, but rather was as determined, perhaps more so, than his father to finish the project and become a veritable lord in this strange land, the protests of the original inhabitants aside.
Construction continued slowly as the boy grew to manhood and the family fortune dwindled, but surely the son of a nobleman might make a proper match and thereby reinvigorate his fortune as well as perpetuate his line.  So it was that Jace’s father went a-courting and soon came home with his beautiful and captivating bride, the very picture of a wealthy lady, but only a picture, for though of noble blood, her family was as destitute as that of her new husband, though neither had thought to broach the subject before their marriage, assuming the other was indeed as rich as they portrayed themselves to be.  The truth came out very soon after Jace was born; the ensuing fight was the stuff of legend, at least if you believe the tales told in after years by the aging servants, but in the end, the lady fled, leaving her infant son and husband to fend for themselves.  The man looked coldly upon the boy, who was so like his mother in form and feature that he could not help but despise him.  He turned his back on the child, stared stonily at the open door out which his wife had fled, and then withdrew to his own chambers.  Had one of the few remaining servants not taken pity upon the poor creature, he likely would not have survived infancy.
The man seemed indifferent to the fate of his son, pretending that he did not even exist and focusing all his time, thought, and energy on his project instead, but there was no money to pay workmen or buy stone and timber, so the man had to do everything himself.  Only two servants remained of the few that had fled with the family, lingering on out of faithfulness and because they had nowhere else to go, for their lord had long since ceased to pay them.  The old housekeeper did the cooking, looked after the domestic side of things, and was the only mother the boy ever knew.  The other was an aging guardsman who had taken on the duties of butler, valet, and jack-of-all-trades; it was he that taught the boy what little he knew of reading and more importantly, to his mind at least, the sword.  The rest of the lad’s education was left to what he could glean from the few books that lay forgotten around the fortress and what the housekeeper could impart in the form of old stories as she wandered about the keep seeing to her myriad duties.
As the boy neared manhood, at last his father took a modicum of interest in him, but whether it was due to some newly realized desire for kith and kin in his fading years or because his rheumatism forced him to abandon his fortress building activities, none knew.  But one day the master of the ruin summoned the lad into his chambers, where he sat in relative splendor in a fraying robe with a moth-eaten velvet chair for a throne.  Upon the lad’s entrance, the man studied him as he might a horse he had a mind to buy.  After several minutes of dreadful silence, the man said at last, “what do they call you boy?”
The lad blinked in surprise that his father did not even know his name, but his servile foster parents had taught him courtesy, if little else, said he with a proper bow, “I am called Jace, sir.”
The man nodded as if it were of no matter and continued, “very well boy, they say you are my son, a claim I cannot verify yet neither can I fully deny it.  In either case, it is high time you started to earn your keep around here.  My father had a vision that this castle would one day tower over the surrounding countryside and herein would his descendants be safe from war, plague, and the like, nevermore to be driven like refugees from that which was rightfully our own.  This is all my purpose and destiny and it shall be yours, whether you like it or not.  You will take up where I have left off: cutting timber, collecting stone, using it to finish what my father began, well?”
The boy gaped, was this to be all his future?  A slave to another man’s futile dream?
The man shook his head sadly, “I see you are not a man of vision, like unto mine, a pity, for I think it proves that you are not my son after all.  I will give you the afternoon to ponder your future, either submit yourself to my father’s dream and fulfill your true purpose in this life or get you gone from here, never to return.”  The boy gave a perfect bow and vanished from the room, fleeing to the battlements to mull over his future, whatever it might be.
Night was falling and still he had found no sensible reply for the grim man waiting impatiently in his chambers below, prematurely aged by labor, sorrow, and unrestrained ambition.  Jace glanced uneasily out upon the darkening world, could he truly find a life out there in the world that had forsaken his family, from whose stock had sprung his faithless mother?  Yet he knew he could not remain forever a slave to his grandfather’s dream as his father had ever been.  What was he to do?  Where was he to go?  The outside world terrified him, but could he live on for countless years in futile toil?  He wanted to scream or weep and came very close to doing both, but his reeling thoughts were interrupted by a stooping ghost that loomed out of the darkness before him.
Came the gruff but concerned voice of the guardsman, “what troubles thee lad?  The master sent me to find ye, he is impatient for yer answer.”
The boy glanced silently out into the darkness and the man nodded in grave understanding, “aye, it is a hard choice, but no choice at all I think.  This cursed place has consumed two generations of yer family lad, don’t be a fool and make it three.  Whatever horrors lay without, they can be nothing to what lurks herein.”
The boy nodded his silent thanks and then went to find his father, knowing the man had spoken truly.  He knocked timidly upon the door and entered upon the gruff command to do so.  He found his father standing before the hearth, staring into the flames, his hands clasped at his back; he did not turn around or even look at the boy, said he, “a harlot’s son, through and through, cannot even stay on to succor an aging wreck of a man in his failing years, the selfish, selfish wretch.”  Suddenly the man turned, his anger giving him strength and speed that years of hard labor had stolen, he took up an iron poker that lay to hand and his eyes seemed to blaze with the light of the fire at his back, snarled he, hefting the poker aloft, “Out!  Out!  Get out, you insolent oaf!”
The boy knew the man was in earnest and half out of his mind besides, lingering not a moment longer, he turned and fled the chamber and hied himself that moment from the crumbling keep.  The housekeeper and guardsman watched him flee with sad eyes, shook their heads in dismay, but had known for many a year that there could be no other end to the tale, but at least this wretched fortress would not utterly consume the boy as it had his forbears, what the outside world might do to him was another matter entirely.
Jace fled with only the clothes on his back, packing was of little matter as he was currently wearing everything he possessed.  His only thought was to escape the broken dreams and empty years that lay behind with no concern for what the morrow might hold, for he knew nothing of purpose, joy, peace, hope, or comfort.  His world was as cold and lonely as the fortress he had just fled.  A miserable drizzle began to fall not long after his flight, forcing him to seek what shelter he could beneath a clump of spruce trees that seemed to huddle together for comfort amid the cold, wet dark.  Every fiber of Jace’s being cried out to do the same, but one cannot comfortably cuddle with a conifer so there was nothing left to be done but cry himself to sleep.
A wan shaft of sunlight filtered down through the clouds and pierced the fastness of the boy’s retreat, bringing him blinkingly awake.  He sighed heavily as he gained his feet, seeing no reason to go on save that he was too anxious and grieved of heart to sit still.  So off he went into the dawning, grateful that the rain had stopped and that he could now see whither he fled.  Which got him to wondering where exactly he was to go.  He knew nothing of the outside world, save for forays with the guardsman into the surrounding forest to collect wood or to hunt.  He had never even seen a farmer’s cot, let alone a village.  He had heard the housekeeper mention a city once, a concept he could not quite comprehend, but he was not sure he wanted to venture thither, for she had spoken of it in hushed tones one night with the guardsman as they sat before the kitchen fire, certain the lad was abed and not hiding in the doorway, listening in horrified fascination as she described the demon-worshippers that dwelt therein and the horrid practices with which they maintained their uncanny powers.
He smiled grimly to himself, pondering what was best to be done, as his feet followed a game trail seemingly of their own accord, so little did he notice or care whither his path led.  He could wander out into the wilderness and undoubtedly die of exposure or starvation during the coming winter or he could find this city and see if the housekeeper’s awful tales were even half true.  It might be death either way, but at least he could discover what a city was ere the end.  With this grim acceptance, did he suddenly step out of the surrounding woods and look upon a great swath of cultivated land, dotted with farmhouses and well-tended copses, and in the distance loomed the infamous city.  He had inherited a little of his father’s ambition, so with a grim smile pasted on his face did he set out in quest of what could only be his doom.  
His smile became incongruous as his journey progressed in a rather anticlimactic fashion, for though he had prepared himself for sights grim and terrible, the countryside was rather picturesque and the few folk he observed in passing seemed as sensible and down-to-earth as either the guardsman or the housekeeper.  He consoled himself with the thought that of course the commonfolk would be of similar disposition to the menials with which he was acquainted, it was only their fell masters that would be workers of such foul magicks.  He hastened his steps to discover this inevitability for himself but was again sorely disappointed.  He soon found himself in a veritable flood of humanity headed for the city to conduct the day’s business.  People at first trickled in from the outlying farms and villages but soon converged upon the main road leading into the city.
Jace gazed about him in wonder, never having imagined there could be so many people upon the face of the earth, let alone upon one certain stretch of road.  The houses and shops that began to line the way were also strange to his eyes and he goggled like the yokel he was; some of the more world-weary passersby about him smiled in welcome amusement at the lad’s befuddlement, for a moment remembering their own forgotten youth.  A veritable city had grown up around the walls of the original settlement and many of Jace’s fellow travelers vanished into the labyrinthine streets and alleys upon their own errands, but most continued on through the gates, few even glancing at the guards who stood silent watch at the gates and upon the walls, but the boy froze in fascinated terror.  His sudden halt brought a few complaints and jostles from those nearest him, but they shoved around him and continued on their way, some giving him a meaningful glare but most shaking their heads in vast amusement.
So too did those fell warriors eye the boy with smiles that never broke the stony facade of their faces.  But as more and more people pushed by the lad and entered the gates unscathed, he drew a deep breath and pressed ever onwards into the heart of a city inhabited by sorcerers and worse, though strangely, none of the folk about him seemed overly concerned about their impending doom.  He was drawn inexorably to the center of the city where a great castle towered over everything.  For a long time he stood as one transfixed, staring up and up and up at the edifice that soared above him.  A rueful smile split his lips, for even had he and his descendants ten generations hence worked ceaselessly, never could they hope to make anything like this of that horrid fortress.  And thence lay his doom.  At last, he gathered his courage and set forth upon the last leg of his final journey, thinking it quite a heroic effort on his part and not a little disappointed that there was not a bard or poet at hand to record the tale.  Most of his erstwhile companions had vanished long ago into the city proper and left the bumpkin to stare as he would.  So it was that he came to the castle gates and found himself very much alone with a whole host of those grim faced guards just waiting to make a gory end of him.  Where was a poet when you needed one?
He stood awkwardly out of the way, studying those who guarded the gates and those who came and went upon their own errands, not finding anything too sinister in any of it.  Again rather disappointed, the lad at last made his own approach, knowing his courage was hanging by a thread.  His first attempt at speaking failed dismally with the guard looking at him in perplexity and what might, to Jace’s horrified mind, be pity!
But the guard saved him from further embarrassment and possible flight by asking, “what can I do for you lad?”  He actually smiled, “you need not be so terrified, you are quite safe within the confines of Astoria.”
The boy blinked in utter astonishment, could this fearsome warrior truly be speaking to him, and with kindness?  Demon-worshippers indeed!  Said he at last, a quaver in his voice, “I am in desperate straits, sir, but well know that there is little hope for one such as I in this cold, indifferent world.”
The guard nodded in understanding and said gently, “aye lad, many come hither with just such a tale, but take heart, for we shall do all we can to remedy your plight, whatever it be.”  Jace looked near to fainting with hunger and astonishment, as the man motioned for a servant standing within the courtyard to take charge of the flummoxed lad and see to his comfort.  The servant smiled in amusement, having done the same a thousand times before, and easily guided the gaping boy into the castle proper, leaving the guard to speak with the next person awaiting his attention.
At last Jace collected his wits enough to comprehend what the servant was saying, “the morning meal has just finished, but I can bring you something once you are settled.”  He studied the lad’s ragged attire that was more patches than original cloth and smiled wryly, “and I’ll see to your wardrobe as well.  Have you come to study then?”
Jace froze and studied the man as if he had asked if his father were a toad, said he in astonishment, “study?  You must know I could little afford such a luxury!”
The servant grinned, “I suppose it is priceless at that, but come lad, anyone is free to study in Astoria and all the Lady asks is that you abide by her rules whilst you reside in the city.”
The boy gaped anew, but a smile danced in his eyes, said he with an incredulous grin, “then I will certainly take you up on that offer, sir.”  The servant nodded as if it were simple sense and they continued on their way.
He stopped before a door at the end of a long corridor and said, “you can sleep here for now, this room is currently unoccupied but if you stay very long, you will undoubtedly find yourself with roommates rather soon.  I’ll see about finding you something to eat and some appropriate attire.”  He smiled broadly as he turned to go, “welcome to Astoria!”
The boy stared wistfully after the retreating form for a moment and then curiously opened the door and entered the room.  Glancing about at the small but comfortable chamber, he laughed aloud and said, “demon worshippers indeed!”
“How dreadful!” came a startled and unfamiliar voice.
Jace turned around in surprise to find a girl about his own age, or at least so he assumed, not having much experience in such matters, peeping round the door, a broom forgotten in one hand.  She squeaked in dismay, “forgive me, I was just sweeping the hall when I heard your outburst and just had to investigate.”  She blushed crimson at her own unseemly outburst and though she colored further, pressed on, “can you tell me more about these demon worshippers?”
Jace was not sure whether he was more startled, annoyed, or amused by this perplexing creature, but said as calmly as he could, “I haven’t much to tell, for I was only laughing at the incongruity of this place with a description I once heard of it.  The old woman was convinced this place was naught but a den of such villains, but I have yet to find them, should they exist.”
Briane laughed excitedly, clasping her hands like a little girl, “oh, you will have to look long and hard to find such in Astoria.  I have been here all my life and have never heard of such goings on.”
Jace smiled wryly at his previous eagerness, “so there isn’t anyone in Astoria possessed of uncanny abilities as my unenlightened source assumed?”
“Oh, I wouldn’t say that,” came the voice of the returning servant.  He gave the girl a patient look, “have you not things to be about?”  She squeaked again, dropped a curtsy, and disappeared round the corner with a death grip on her broom.  The servant shook his head and smiled ruefully, “the silly girl spends more time eavesdropping than attending to her chores; more curiosity than a cat, has that one.”
Jace was gaping again, but the servant ignored him and thrust a pile of clothes and a tray of food into his hands, saying as he did so, “as promised, here is your breakfast and a change of clothes.  If you hurry, you can just make it to the next class session.  You’ll have an official schedule soon, but until then you had best tag alone with some of the other Students.”  He smiled impishly, “and as to your unasked question, you’ll soon discover the answers for yourself if you pay attention in class.”  He nodded at the boy and vanished about his interrupted errands.
Jace shook himself, frowned in consternation at the servant’s retreating back, and then hastily changed his clothes and wolfed down the food, both from hunger and eager to begin his education.  Only then did he realize he was alone in an unfamiliar castle with no idea where to find said classes.  He shrugged, smiled as his audacity reared its head once more, and dashed down the hall in search of a class or an adventure, whichever came first.
He nearly collided with a pair of slightly older boys as he came careening around the corner, determined not to be late.  Suddenly ill at ease, Jace muttered his apologies and stared at his feet.  One of the older lads must have heard, ‘new here,’ amongst Jace’s mumbling for he cheerily replied, “don’t worry about it!  Come with us and we’ll help you get settled.”
The boy stared up in astonishment, gaping yet again, stuttered he, “how can this be?  How can you be bothered with helping me?  I don’t understand?”
The older pair exchanged a grin, then Adan, the lad who had spoken, clapped the younger boy on the back and smiled, “it seems you have much to learn about life in Astoria.  Wherever you came from, it must have been a rough life.  But come, else we’ll be late.”  Jace smiled at his reassuring words and then blanched in near panic at the thought of being the cause of their tardiness.  The older pair shook their heads in amusement but all three hastened off to class.
Jace remembered little of that first lesson, so overwhelmed was he with all that had happened in the last day and all the novel sights and experiences he had taken in.  His erstwhile guides were assigned chores in the stable the following hour, which allowed the overwrought Jace some much needed time to sit and think while his companions shoveled muck.  The midday meal offered another course of novelty and wonder to Jace’s abused sensibilities, never in his life had he been amidst so many people, and most astonishingly of all, though complete strangers, they actually seemed to care about him.  Another round of classes was set for the afternoon, but Jace felt he needed some time alone to sort everything out, and perhaps even a nap after his difficult night.  He goggled, less than a full day had passed since his father had cast him out, alone in the night.  Adan nodded his understanding and showed him back to the corridor that housed his room, and though he valiantly intended to contemplate upon all that had happened, he fell promptly and soundly asleep.


2

A ruckus in the hall wakened the boy as the eager Students returned to their rooms after their last class before going to the evening meal.  Jace glanced blearily about, wondering for a moment where he was, but suddenly realization dawned and a great smile lit his face.  He had come home at last.  He adjusted his rumpled clothing, grateful it was not too wrinkled from his nap and ran a hand through his hair, it would do, then dashed excitedly from the room, again nearly colliding with Adan, who smiled roguishly at the boy and hoped such behavior was not becoming a habit.  Said the elder lad with a grin, “it is good to see you so refreshed, you looked rather stunned when we parted and I know you learned nothing in class today, but it seems there is hope for you yet.”
Jace smiled ruefully, “it has been quite a day.”  He glanced hopefully in the direction of the dining hall, even after so short a stay he had become very much accustomed to being fed regularly and well, which was an unlikely occurrence in his former life, said he, “and I’d be happy to tell you all the tale over the evening meal, that is if you care to hear it.”
Adan laughed outright, “aye, it must be quite a story indeed, but fear not, there shall be plenty of food to go around.”
Jace colored and began studying his boots, abashed that his greatest desire at the moment was so blatantly obvious.  Adan glanced at said boots as well and frowned, “but first we had best stop by the supply room and find you a decent pair of boots.”
Jace looked up suddenly in surprise, would the miracles in this place never cease?  He had never owned a decent pair of boots, this particular pair had been worn by his father when he fled his homeland, ages ago!  Adan smiled warmly at the look of grateful astonishment in the lad’s eyes and led the way, eager to see the wish fulfilled.  The servant in charge of the supply room at that hour took one look at the antique footwear, turned away with a disgusted groan, and vanished into the storage area, reappearing with a worn, but quite serviceable pair of boots that actually fit the agape lad.  Rather pleased with himself, the servant smiled smugly and reluctantly took the ancient boots in exchange, his countenance taking on an unruly expression as he did so, their fate remains a mystery to this day but judging from his face, it was not a pleasant one.
As they walked to the dining hall, Jace remarked with an awe tinged voice, “I have never encountered such generosity, not even from my own folk!”
Adan shook his head, his eyes sparkling, “you’ve seen nothing yet, all we’ve done this day is see you properly clothed and fed.”
Jace froze mid-step and faced his companion, “there’s more?!”
Adan clapped him on the shoulder and smiled, “aye, more than you can begin to imagine.”  They continued on, Jace speechless in incomprehension.
As they sat at table, finishing their food, Jace told his tale, much to the horror and astonishment of Adan and his friends who had joined them for supper.  No wonder the boy was so grateful for the least bit of kindness or attention!  Adan said at last, “so that is the tale behind that ugly heap of rocks up river?  Long have we theorized amongst ourselves about who or what had built it, or rather begun it, and why.  It is a grim enough story in its own right.”  He smiled ruefully, “though nowhere near as horrific as some of the tales we’ve birthed.”  
The others shared a wry laugh and eyed their companion with both pity and wonder, Jace awkwardly studied his peas, uneasy being the focus of such attention.  Adan continued, more to distract his companions away from their study of the abashed boy than for anything else, “well, this is the place to start over or start anew, if that is your wish.  Any idea what you want to do with your life?”
Jace could not restrain his laugh, “it was but a day ago my father cast me out and I encountered true human society for the first time in my life, let alone human kindness.  Must I already know the course of my future?”
The others joined in his mirth, forgetting how high were the expectations of their hosts and thus, inadvertently perhaps, their own.  Once the laughter had subsided, Jace asked a bit timidly, still uneasy speaking his mind amongst so many strangers, “what is this place?  Who founded it?  How can they afford to support so many ragamuffin students with no expectation of remuneration?  Is there some hidden agenda or trap, for it seems too good to be true?”
Adan smiled, “rest easy my friend, there is nothing sinister or hidden here.  You may stay as long as you wish and leave likewise.  The only requirement is that you do your best, be respectful of others, and follow the rules as best you can.  According to legend, Astoria was founded centuries ago, near the very Beginning.  The country is self-sufficient and quite prosperous in its own right, but is also supported by various Kings, Lords, and wealthy benefactors who believe in its mission or have benefited from its services themselves.  They have been educating all comers since its foundations were laid.”
Jace nodded thoughtfully, “a noble cause I suppose, but who founded it and why?  My experience of the world is limited, but I do not see blind philanthropy as a common trait amongst men, someone must have had a reason.”
Adan studied his companion thoughtfully, trying to gage his reaction to what was to come, said he at last, “you will learn far more in your initial classes, but the simple answer is: the Master Himself provided for the city’s founding as a home for the Brethren and those they serve.”
Jace blinked, not having imagined the so far sensible Adan to be one who believed in fairy tales, said he in consternation, “that is what the legends say?”
Adan grinned, “you are a skeptic then?”
Jace shrugged somewhat sheepishly, though he was not the one who seriously thought myth had once walked about under sun and star, “I suppose, though I know little enough of the subject, and of all else for that matter, that I should withhold judgment until I am certain.”
Adan nodded, “fair enough, but don’t worry, there is no requirement to believe a certain way to study here.  Even if you hold it all to be a tall tale, there is still more wisdom to be garnered here than you’ll be able to absorb in a lifetime.”
Jace smiled in relief, “that is good to know.”  He frowned thoughtfully, “I met a servant earlier who made a rather cryptic comment about certain individuals around this place having uncanny abilities, but he said I would have to wait for my classes to answer my questions in that regard.  Our old housekeeper was convinced the city was inhabited by demon-worshippers, a claim I am certain is wrong, but what is the truth about this place and its denizens?”
Adan smiled in amusement at the servant’s evasiveness, he was pretty certain who it was the lad had met, but he said, “the Brethren are purported to have certain gifts given to them in their service to the Master, you will learn far more in days to come if you want specifics, but there is nothing evil in the mix.  Uncanny yes, miraculous certainly, but not demonic.”  He smiled impishly, “how is it you can believe in demons but not the Master?”
Jace frowned at the thought and then smiled ironically, “that is an incongruous thought!  But then, I am not sure I believe in demons either, it was just something I overheard and never gave much serious thought until I was bound hither in the dark, alone, after being cast out from all I ever knew.  I guess the imagination is prone to embracing the grim and frightening with far less reluctance, especially under such circumstances, than the rational mind is in accepting the supernatural in far more congenial surroundings.”
Adan smiled broadly, “my friend, you have come to the right place, for yours is a mind quick and ready to absorb all available wisdom and knowledge, and here you will undoubtedly find ample fodder for thought.”
They continued their conversation upon more general topics, for which Jace was thankful, little liking being the center of attention when he was so little used to it; so absorbed was he in all that was said that he did not notice Briane sitting on the edge of the group, studying him with sparkling eyes and a knowing half-smile upon her lips.
Adan saw him back to his quarters after the meal, for even with his nap, Jace was exhausted though sorely disappointed not to be able to participate in the games and conversations held amongst the students that evening, but such was the ritual every night, so he consoled himself with the thought that there was always tomorrow and many days thereafter.  Yawning, he bid goodnight to his companion, and was soon asleep.



Sample Story from ‘Over the Hills and Far Away:’

‘Over the hills and far away,’
thither lies the land of Fey,
Of wandering brook and woodland glade,
Golden meads and dappled shade.

Where evening star is guide and stay
And in the vales, mist doth play.
Dryad, pixie, gnome dwell there,
Griffons lurk and dragons lair.

Songs of old live on there still,
Legend treads on plain and hill.
Beasts that talk and trees that sing,
The poor be rich, a peasant King.

If that land, you would gain,
Take a child in your train,
Let him lead you by the hand,
And you will reach that far, fair land.

~Over the Hills and Far Away~




Up the airy mountains,
Down the rushy glen,
We daren’t go a-hunting
For fear of little men;
Wee folk, good folk,
Trooping all together;
Green jacket, red cap,
And white owl’s feather!
~William Allingham, ‘The Fairies’~


For Fear of Little Men

Beatrice was missing, and none were fain to seek her, save her little brother, Tibbin, but could a mere child go where grown men feared to tread?  Perhaps only a little child could.  She had strayed up into the hills after her father’s missing sheep and none had seen her for a full three days.  No one ventured into those hills, for they were known to be haunted by all manner of folk, strange and fey, and it was folly for mortals to tread thereupon.  No, the girl was lost, spirited away or bewitched by some fell being, never more to be seen by mortal men under sun and star, at least not in any natural form; her family might as well accept the truth, embrace their loss, and move on with their lives, or so whispered the villagefolk.  But Tibbin was not content to lose his sister thus, but loath were his parents to part with their remaining child, so did he make for those forbidden hills without their knowing or leave, save for a brief note of farewell, imparting his fate.  Aghast, his parents asked of their friends and neighbors if any were willing to go after.  They merely shook their heads and muttered darkly amongst themselves, who would risk their lives when the boy willingly chose his doom?  It was not to be helped.  The aggrieved couple went home to wait, perhaps vainly, for news of what had come of their children.
Tibbin was a child but he was not a fool, he was young but also sensible.  His elders all feared the fairyfolk, mostly because they did not understand them, albeit they had little interaction with that mysterious kindred and only a few old tales, likely flawed, to rely upon for information pertaining thereunto, but they were also small-minded and superstitious, little liking anything outside their ken, which was pretty much anything and everything outside the confines of their secluded village.  Tibbin was still young enough to be untainted by their blindness and prejudice; for his were the wide, unguarded eyes of childhood that saw things as they were rather than as the viewer thought them to be.  He was a little leery of the fey folk, as all creatures are of the unknown, but he was not paralyzed or handicapped by unmerited terror as his elders were.  Thus did he hie himself into those mysterious hills, the only hope for his sister.  He took with him enough bread, cheese, and water to last him a week of hard scrabbling over rocky ground, hoping it would be enough.  He took no weapons, save a little knife, which was tool rather than implement of death.  With his meager rations and a stout, faithful heart did he set out upon quest great and daring.
He left at twilight when his parents thought him abed, creeping carefully out of the house and into the brushy waste behind, clambering over stones and thorny scrub by the light of a slivered moon and a few bright stars.  He went as far as he could in the wan light, at least far enough that pursuit would not follow, and then laid himself down under a gorse bush to find what rest he could.   An impertinent bird started trilling in said bush at an unearthly hour, wakening the stiff, cold hero into a misty world of gold and rose.  He smiled despite his discomfort and drank in the beauty about him, like a connoisseur a rare and delicate wine.  He stretched, breakfasted, and was soon off into the mysterious otherworldliness of dawn, feeling that his adventure was well and truly begun.  His sister surely waited around the next bend in the path or just over the hill.  He whistled as airily as the bird as he set forth.
His sister was not over the next hill, but a short, stocky man with a prodigious beard sat upon a stone in the thinning mist, smoking his pipe.  Asked the boy of the stoic figure, “have you perchance seen or heard of a young girl roaming these hills within the last sevennight, good sir?”
The dwarfish gentleman smiled broadly at the lad’s boldness, withdrew his pipe, and exhaled thoughtfully, “aye lad, aye.  Not a rabbit goes through these hills without my knowing it.  How is it you have the courage to come when none of your elders would bestir themselves?”
Said the boy with a shrug, “none would come, so there was only me.  Please sir, have you seen my sister?”
The man nodded sagely, “she’s taken up with a few of the pixies that haunt meadow and lea, dangerous consorts for a mortal lass.”
The boy paled, “have they harmed her or is she in great peril?”
The dwarf laughed, “aye and nay, lad, aye and nay!  Those fairies are as feckless and giddy as any lass your sister’s age, but they never grow up or wiser, and neither do they age nor die.  They will not hurt a mayfly or aught else, but rather delight in all that is pretty and ephemeral: flowers, butterflies, robin’s eggs, and the like.  They have no use or comprehension of the greater, eternal things but are like a brook’s laugh or a dancing little wind in their seriousness and wisdom.  The danger lies in the fact Time and Death mean nothing to them.  Your sister, if she is not careful, may get so caught up in their whimsical nonsense that she forgets such things herself and by the time she remembers them, may find herself a very old lady with naught of life left to her.  It is a tricky thing when mortals think to involve themselves in matters beyond their ken and natural sphere.  Your kind is made for eternity, but must enter it through the proper door, not try to sneak in the window.”
The boy was silent for a long while as he contemplated the little man’s words, and finally said, “can I draw her back?”
The man nodded, “aye lad, if she will come, but she may be so entranced with the merriment and giddiness of her companions that she will yearn to stay.  If she will not go of her own will, no power on earth or beyond it will move her.  Take heed to yourself, that you not find yourself also caught up in things beyond your natural sphere.  Someday perhaps, such or rather far greater shall be your lot, but do not be tempted into seizing it ere it is time for only trouble will come of it.”  The boy heartily thanked the old man and hastened in the direction he was bidden.  The dwarf watched after and wondered what would come of the lad and his sister, silently shaking his head at the recklessness and abandon of those silly pixies and the inadvertent havoc it could wreak upon a mortal creature.
Tibbin had not gone far when he spied a rather curious creature crouching in the shade of a great oak.  It appeared to be a lad his own age, but his full height would only reach his father’s knee; he was light of build, eye, and hair and his ears were slightly tapered.  He winked at the staring boy, motioned eagerly for the lad to follow, and vanished into the hedge of roses at the base of the tree.  Tibbin took two happy steps after the fairy creature but then froze, his quest was his sister, not to be caught up in a fate like unto hers.  He sighed heavily but turned staunchly back upon his original path and intent.  The little creature watched after, for a moment a little disappointed, but then some other amusement soon caught his attention and his lost companion was immediately forgotten.
By the time the sun was on its downward journey, Tibbin had come to the little meadow wherein the dwarf said his sister and her merry companions might be found on occasion.  He settled down in a thicket of young birches to await their coming.  Neither was the wait to be tedious, dull, or lonely.  The world, in itself, was young, spry, pleasant, and full of the wonders of spring, but those hills were haunted by all manner of folk and creature unknown to the children of men, and in this varied parade, Tibbin found endless marvel and interest.  Most ignored him, some were openly scornful, and a few asked him to follow in their merry wake, but ever he sat and awaited the coming of Beatrice and her fairy companions.  So did he wait for three full days, eating from his scant provisions and refreshing himself in the ever singing brook by which he sat, finally on a night of mist and moon and starlight, five bright figures came laughing and dancing into the water meadow, Beatrice as radiant and blithe as her companions.
Tibbin rose from his place with a joyous shout and for a moment the pixies quivered like frightened birds, but soon they arrayed themselves about him in a merry dance of welcome and curiosity.  Beatrice at first did not know him, but as his song joined in their lilting chorus, his well loved voice broke the thrall about her and she joyously left her place in the circle and flew into her brother’s arms with tears of unspeakable longing and delight.  The piping and cavorting of the fairies increased tenfold at such mirth and delightedly did they share therein, but soon they tired of the newcomer and were rather perplexed and no little troubled by the strange sobbing that now wracked their once gay companion.  For nothing did they know of sorrow or death.  With a merry call, did they bid Beatrice to flit off with them anew, careless once more, but she smiled sadly, wiped a mysterious moisture from her eyes and cheek, and shook her head adamantly.  The pixies shrugged indifferently and capered off into the creeping mist to join the dance of the fireflies, their companion utterly forgotten.  Beatrice shook her head ruefully, took Tibbin’s hand, and returned to his place amongst the birches.  They slept soundly until roused by the zealous chorus of a morning in spring.  Hand in hand, they left that lovely meadow and turned their steps and hearts longingly towards home.
They met the little man, still sitting on his accustomed stone and smoking his pipe, perhaps as he had done since the first morning of the world.  He smiled joyously at them, waved enthusiastically, and then vanished.  They shared a mystified smile and continued on their way.  They might have slept another night in the bush but knew their parents were mourning their presumed fate and were eager to turn their weeping to joy.  So it was that joy came with the morning.  Their father stood aback the house, staring morbidly off into the hills and thought himself in a delirium when he glimpsed his lost children walking blithely back from the land of things forgotten and unknown.  He trumpeted his wonder and joy so loudly that the entire village was roused.  His wife came disbelieving from the house, took one look at what had so disquieted her husband, and added her own shriek of pure joy to the cacophony of laughing welcome and wonder.
The grim eyed, fretful villagers gathered round the happy little foursome and muttered darkly about curses, possession, and worse.  A few even clutched a kitchen knife, pitchfork, or wood axe in nervous dread.  The now grave father stood forth and asked of his disturbed folk, “my children have returned unscathed, why do you not rejoice?”
Said one distrustful old man, “who are you to say they are unscathed?  Who knows what terrible curse might have been laid upon them?  None venture into those hills and returns unchanged, if they return at all.  They are a threat and a danger to us all as long as they remain among us.  Send them back or send them away lest evil befall us all, else we will take matters into our own hands.”
The man shook his head in grim disgust, but before he could reply to this nonsense, Tibbin took his hand, looked gently into his eyes, and said with a wisdom far beyond his years, “heed him not father, he knows not of what he speaks and no words of yours will change his mind.”  Unchanged indeed!  The man smiled down at this young sage, caught the eyes of all his dear ones, and then looked once more upon those mysterious hills.  A brilliant flicker of gold and white upon a far hill, like a distant star, filled all his vision and called bewitchingly to his very soul.  Said Tibbin with tremulous, but joyous finality, “come, come away!”  He took his father’s hand, his mother and sister joined theirs also, and the entire family boldly made for that distant vision, the flummoxed villagers parting before them like water around the bow of a boat.  They vanished into those wondrous hills and were seen in that village no more.  Many and dark were the rumors of the witchery that had taken an entire clan and the grim fate that had undoubtedly befallen them, but I can assure you, they were all of them wrong.  




Sample Chapters of ‘The Greylands: Volume I:’

Prince Bryant sat in the common room with two sons of the greater lords of Ithamar; they all had older brothers and very little chance of ever taking their fathers’ places of import and influence unless their elder brothers succumbed to some mysterious illness or fell in battle.  Thus they were relegated to the privileged but socially obscure branch upon which they perched.  Much was expected of them by their noble parents but they would win little glory, wealth, or renown for anything they did, though their elder brothers seemed to accrue acclaim simply by getting out of bed of a morning.  It was a seductive glue that bound them together: jealousy of their elder brothers and anger at fate for placing them in such an insignificant position.  Most nights they could be found drowning their woes among the city’s many inns and drinking houses.  When they gathered in such a place, the natives inevitably relocated so as not to find themselves in an awkward confrontation with such important and often drunk personages; the consequences of such an experience never favored the peasants.  The boys would drink their fill and complain even more of the hardships of the world while the innkeeper listened and shook his head thinking they knew little of hardship and nothing of real life, at least not life as experienced by the vast majority of humanity throughout history.  
Ithamar was not the worst of countries in those days in its treatment of its peasants but the taxes were high and common men had few rights in a conflict of interest with the nobility.  So they drank and complained and bonded over their seeming sorrow.  Then they would stumble home drunk, fall into bed while servants cleaned up the mess, and begin anew their tedious lives on the morrow, succored only by the hope of the coming night.
Bryant’s father the King, his elder brother, his mother, his numerous aunts, his grandmother, and everyone else in the Kingdom with the nerve often scolded him about his dissolute habits but he ignored them or scoffed or yelled back, all to no avail.  Why did he not lead his father’s soldiers as his younger brother did or marry the daughter of some foreign King?  Could he not learn something from all the philosophers and sages in the Kingdom and be of use to his father and brother in matters of state?  Could he not quietly disappear to his country estates and hunt contentedly in obscurity and not cause a scene?  Could he do anything but embarrass all his nearest relations?  Deep within he found the whole thing somehow amusing, if only for the consternation it caused his elders; irritating all his nearest relations seemed the only joy he had left in life.  On the outside he was all strut and show but within he yearned for meaning and direction and purpose.  He was a boat adrift at sea without anchor, rudder, or sail while a storm raged around him with no end in sight.  At least he felt as if he had something to look forward to in his nightly carousing though he always came away feeling small and empty and alone as he wandered home to bed in the small hours of the morning.  
Dark were his thoughts that night, darker than his usual wont, for he felt if he continued to do nothing he would soon do something drastic, whether to himself or others he did not know.   He said to his companions, “I am tired of this tedious life we live.  Let us do something great or terrible, that we might end the tedium and do something to be remembered; even if we do not succeed, it is better to die in the attempt rather than die in obscurity.  Shall we be famous or infamous?”  His friends laughed drunkenly, for the night was far gone and much wine had passed their lips.  
He continued, “as you will not choose I shall have the honor then.  Let us be infamous!  There are many failed adventurers and heroes and none know their names.  I say let us be remembered in infamy, for a villain never truly dies though he live only in legend.  We could be bandit kings but why stoop to such a level when we can reach far higher and take what fate herself has denied us?  I say we reach for the crown itself my friends!  Let us supplant my brother and even my father the King!”  
He continued to draw heavily from the mug of nameless liquid before him and was lost for many minutes in his treasonous expostulations.  Whether he was serious or not, his friends could not tell but his words greatly disturbed them.  They continued to listen and ape interest but the plot (what little of it there was, it was mostly grand words and misty aspirations) had quickly sobered them even as it chilled them to the bone.  They were as empty inside as the prince but where they were content to enjoy all the privileges their rank could bestow, he had long ago failed to be pleased by such vapid entertainments.  He was desperate for something to change and he had almost convinced himself that this was the only way.  He finally finished his diatribe and drained his glass.  He wandered home and his friends followed at a distance.  They saw him safely to bed and then waited sleeplessly for the hour when the King would be abroad.
After an eon, dawn finally revealed her glory and they saw the crown prince emerge from his chambers; they hurried to tell him of his brother’s embryonic treachery.  He listened gravely to the miserable pair; they did not wish to betray their friend, but their friendship was not such that it would be worth their lives if they did not tell and were considered traitors by their silence and seeming complicity.  They finished and the crown prince said, “let us to my father that he may hear these ill tidings.”  
They hastened to the King’s chambers, awakened the slumbering monarch, and told again their terrible tale.  The King began to fume and rage while the Queen begged him to be reasonable and speak with Bryant first, before calling for his head, which of course started a Royal argument.  
The prince and the two lordlings quickly withdrew from the Royal bedchamber and the prince asked, “is my brother in jest, a drunken fool, or a true traitor?”  
They shook their heads, “my lord, we know him little when he is sober; you had best ask him yourself.”  
The prince said, “I shall.”  He turned sharply on his heel and went to find his brother before their father could do something rash.  Bryant was not happy to be so awakened, his head throbbed terribly, but he soon quit complaining when his brother told the reason for his visit.  The elder said, “father may very well banish you for such talk if he does not simply call for your head!  Are you in earnest?”  
Bryant said quietly, “I am not sure, I need something to change and this is as good a scheme as any I can think of.”  
His brother said, “if it had been a drunken jest, perhaps father could be appeased but I am afraid his anger shall fall swiftly and harshly upon you.”  Bryant paled, said nothing, grabbed his sword belt and cloak, and fled the room.  His brother silently watched him go.  He did not wish to see his father’s wrath realized but neither could he acknowledge this cold-hearted stranger as his brother.  By the time the argument was settled and the guards were sent to bring the errant boy to face his father, he was long fled.
Bryant ran for his life.  He was astonished to realize that he might perhaps be a murderous fiend if given the chance, at least if it granted him the end he sought.  He had hoped it had all been the ravings of a drunkard but he was horrified to realize that under the right circumstances he might be capable of doing just as he had boasted.  He fled his father’s wrath but he could not flee the monster that was his own soul.  He ran to the stable, found a saddled horse awaiting his rider, flung himself into the saddle, and galloped out of the courtyard.  The servant that had been saddling the beast tried to pursue the prince with warning but to no avail; he had stolen a wild and dangerous animal that was stubborn beyond belief and resistant to even the cruelest methods of training.  How he even stayed in the saddle was hard to imagine.  He was a magnificent animal and had been brought as a gift to the crown prince by rich merchants as something of bribe, that he might remember them with favor when he succeeded his father.  The creature was physically perfect but had a will of iron and would let no man on his back.  The prince was the first to attain such a feat and that unknowingly.  So they ran, and with the speed of the creature any other horse in the King’s stables would have a hard time catching them.  The beast would deign to be led and saddled but would carry neither men nor burdens.  The crown prince had ordered him saddled and hoped to break him that very morning, hoping to succeed where all others had failed.
They ran hard all day on the shortest road out of the country.  As night was falling they finally stopped, the prince collapsed against a tree just over the border.  His heart sank and his hand reached for his sword as he heard the sound of galloping hooves drawing swiftly nigh.  Six of his father’s guards drew rein a bowshot from the prince and one aimed his arrow at the weary boy.  The bowstring sang as the prince dove to the ground; the arrow embedded itself in the tree just above where his head had been.  The guards then turned and rode off slowly into the dying day.  Cautiously the prince stood and pulled the arrow from the tree.  He found a small piece of paper attached to the shaft, which read, “know you now that you are henceforth banished from all the domains of Ithamar and all title, privilege, and rank is hereby denied you.  If you should ever return, it will be as a criminal and an outlaw and your life is forfeit unless spared by the mercy of the King.”  
Bryant sighed and said to the night air, “I wanted things to change and they have, but not in the way I intended.  I am now an exile, a wanderer, an outlaw, a fugitive, with no home, people, or place to call my own.  I am a fool.”  
The sweat-lathered horse snorted and said, “you are certainly all of that, as am I, but you need not be a fool.”  
The prince sat down hard in surprise and exhaustion, saying, “horses do not talk.”  
The horse eyed him patiently and said, “perhaps, but then again it may be that just the horses of your acquaintance have never spoken.  Either that or I am not a horse.”  He snorted wryly in amusement, as if he had said something rather clever.  
Taking the hint, the former prince said, “if you are not a horse, then what are you?”
The unhorse said, “let us just say I have been banished from amongst my own noble and glorious people and reduced to the state in which you currently find me.  I have been stripped of all that makes my people unique and left a mortal nag.”  
The unprince said, “and what did you do to become as you are?  Who are your people and where do they come from?”  
The unhorse said, “perhaps one day I shall tell you all the tale but for now you must suffice yourself with what I have already revealed.  What of you?”  
The boy sighed, “last night in a drunken rage I spoke of doing terrible things only to awaken and find that all know of my theoretical treachery and that some part of me is not averse to such acts.  I can flee my father’s wrath but I cannot run from my own wretchedness.”  
The horse looked at him thoughtfully and said, “until now I have revealed myself to no one, but trapped as I am, I shall go mad if I trust no one and soon shall think myself nothing but a silly horse in truth.  Seeing as we are both rebels and outlaws, perhaps we can travel together for a time?  I will allow you upon my back in exchange for your aid in keeping me out of the hands of strangers who would happily confiscate a wandering horse as I will seem if I travel alone.”  
The boy laughed weakly, “I admit to you that I am a traitor, willing to do murder and yet I alone of all men am the man you choose to trust?”  
The horse said, “you have not yet killed anyone and the fact that you are horrified at your own thoughts means there is yet some hope for you.  We are both rebels and outcasts, perhaps together we can find redemption upon the road.  Besides, you are alone and desperate and need me as much as I need you.  You shall not get far afoot.”  
“Where then shall we go?” asked the former prince.
The horse shook his head, “I do not know.  Even if I returned to the lands of my people I would not be allowed to or even capable of entering that wondrous land.  You have no skills or relations that might benefit you in the wide world?”  The boy shook his head.  The horse sighed, “then let us go north for now until something draws us elsewhere.”  The boy nodded his agreement, for one direction was as good as any other at the moment.  They wandered off the road a short distance and the boy was soon asleep.  
Morning came and the boy rose damp and stiff but much refreshed, but he had brought nothing to eat or to start a fire with.  Neither did he have a bow.  He had his sword and dagger upon his hastily grabbed belt; his belt pouch was full of coins but there was nowhere to buy breakfast.  He refreshed himself in a swiftly running creek, saddled the horse, and they were soon off though the boy’s stomach complained bitterly.  The horse remarked, “it would be a far easier journey if you could sate yourself with grass as all sensible creatures do.”  
The boy laughed and said, “you are the only sensible herbivore I have ever met.  All other creatures that go on four legs have remained thankfully silent.”  
The horse retorted, “that only proves their sense, for only man opens his mouth and makes sounds for no reason.  At least doubt remains as to whether the silent beasts are truly fools or not; man has proved himself thus time and time again by his speech.”  
About midday they stopped in a small village and the boy purchased what he would need for the journey and some much appreciated food.  They continued on until nightfall at which point, the boy made a rough camp as the horse wandered off for his nightly meal.  They continued on in this manner for several days and nothing truly remarkable happened.  They were traveling north through Sebeka: the neighboring Kingdom to Ithamar, a peaceful and prosperous country that welcomed strangers and most especially their coin.  
The horse said one day as they rode along, “what know you of happenings in the wide world?”  
The boy said, “I paid little attention to world events, current or historic, save for a little about our closest neighbors.  Now I begin to regret my inattention to my studies, for now I see the use of them when previously I thought it all nonsense.”  
The horse said, “I know little of the countries of men, but I shall tell you what I know of your world in general.  It is a vast place and there are many kings and kingdoms; some are prosperous and peaceful, others are evil and warlike, and there are all shades between.  There is also much unclaimed and wild land wherein all manner of beasts and folk strange to men are to be found.  Much of what you consider myth or legend is actually true and flourishes in such places.  In the far south dwells an Evil Prince with much sway in the world.  His minions ride wherever they will and do as they please, causing much grief amongst innocent folk.  His kingdom is called the Infernal Realm and is separated from all else by impassable mountains, though any who wish can freely enter his gates.  All is sere and waste within a hundred miles of those vile peaks and he holds sway over all within their shadow.  Many of the Kings closest to his domain are his vassals and nearly as vile as he.  He is a rebel against the Great King, who dwells far to the north in the Brightlands and once was His greatest servant.  A great chasm in the earth, called the Rift by men, separates those dear lands from all others.”
He continued, “it is said that the Rift is a actually a rift in time and space, having no bottom.  No mortal can cross that chasm save by the will of the Great King or His dear Son, the True Prince whose will is always that of His Father.  It is from the Blessed Mountains that rim the Brightlands that my own kin come and from thence was I banished.  Between the Brightlands and the Infernal Realm are the Grey Lands, in which mortal men dwell and that encompass all you know as real.  It is in this strange plane that you are born, live, and die.  After you pass the gates of death you must enter either the Brightlands, if you are a willing subject of the Great King, else you come under the dominion of the Dark Prince and you will never more come forth from the Infernal Realms.  One day the Great King will reclaim the Grey Lands and forever banish the Dark Prince beyond his own mountains and seal the gate that none may pass out again.  Then will all the world be as it was meant to be, before rebellion brought death and sorrow upon the face of the earth.”  
The boy paled, “I have heard stories and legends of such things but never thought them more than tales.  You tell me this is the truth!  Whatever is a rebel of my standing to do?  Am I doomed to dwell in that terrible place for all eternity?”  
The horse shook his head, “I am a rebel myself and doomed to the same fate unless we can find a way out.  My people are immortal, true and willing servants to the Great King, but alas I refused the duty He asked of me and I was thus banished.  We never spoke of redemption, for we had no need of such a concept, but on these shattered shores on which I find myself the need is truly great.  We must seek out one who can tell us this mystery.”
The boy nodded glumly and hoped with all his heart that a way could be found out of this pit of his own making.  At least he knew now why they rode north; he had no wish to be nearer those awful lands than he absolutely had to be.  “What or who are we looking for?” asked the boy.  
The horse said, “there are supposedly men abroad, servants of the Great King, knowledgeable in all things pertaining to Him and His dealings with fallen men.  It is one of these learned men that we seek, to learn what must be done to redeem ourselves.”  
“Where are such folk to be found?” asked the boy.  
The horse snorted in laughter, “an excellent question.  I know little of mortal lands and know only what I have personally observed since my arrival in this dismal sphere and that which I have overheard men speak in my presence.  Sadly, I seem to know more than you who were born in this place.”  
The boy nodded glumly, ashamed of all he had failed to learn in his life and of all the time he had spent drowning himself in a mug of ale.  The boy said, “perhaps instead of isolating ourselves of an evening, I should visit the local tavern and see if I cannot learn something of these mystics you speak of?”  
The horse nodded in approval, “an excellent proposition.”  They stopped early that evening, for they would not reach the next village before dark.  The horse said to the boy, “be careful, for there are men who do not hold the Great King in high favor.  The Dark Prince has spies and servants everywhere.”  
The boy smiled slightly, “you are worried for my safety?”  
The horse smiled, “let us just say it would be a far more difficult journey alone.”  The boy’s smile deepened as he entered the inn while the horse wandered off into the night.

The boy took a seat far to the back and watched quietly from his private corner.  The innkeeper eyed him speculatively but said nothing, for he caused no trouble.  The boy watched the quiet conversations, tavern games, and the comings and goings of the various patrons.  He marked out several shady looking characters but saw no one who seemed an ideal source of information.  Full dark fell outside the grimy windows as a ragged traveler traipsed into the inn and wandered to the back of the common room.  He surveyed the men scattered about the establishment and his eyes fell upon the boy, obviously a fellow stranger in this place.  He made his way to the back and asked if he might share the boy’s small table.  The boy was intrigued by the stranger and nodded eagerly.  The man took a seat, the serving girl brought him a bowl of stew and some bread, and as he ate his meal he said, “what brings you to this place lad?  One does not often see such youngsters wandering alone, save perhaps a few adventurous lads looking to be heroes.”  
The boy said, “I wander because I must.  My past is behind and all my unknown future lies ahead.  I seek hope in a hopeless world and peace for a disquiet heart.”  
The man smiled secretively and said quietly, “the world is not quite as hopeless as you might think, though sometimes it is dangerous to speak of that which is a light in even the darkest night.  I am willing to speak with you but perhaps in a place less obvious?”  
The boy nodded gravely and said, “my companion and I have ridden far in search of such knowledge.  We are both wanderers seeking rest.  What do you suggest?”  
The man smiled, “let me finish my meal and then we shall talk for a time of trivialities to allay the suspicions of all here.  Then you can wander off into the night and I shall follow when convenient.  Wait for me along the road but well out of sight.”  The boy nodded and they proceeded as planned.
Half an hour after the boy had gone, the man trudged wearily out into the dark, a man obviously too poor to afford a bed in such a place.  A few eyed him speculatively but returned to their drinks, seeing nothing obviously to their benefit in yet another penniless traveler.  The man wandered out into the road and waited silently until the boy crawled out of hiding and drew his attention.  They vanished down an overgrown trail into a little clearing.  The moon stood high and gave enough light to cast their faces into shadow.  “Where is your companion?” asked the curious man.  The boy smiled silently in amused anticipation as a horse stepped out of the shadowed woods and stopped before the man, looking at him as if awaiting some reply.  The man looked from the horse to the boy and back again.  
“Well?” asked the horse, “I have been told that this little interlude shall be worth missing part of my evening repast.”  
The man gaped, “I have not had the pleasure of meeting a talking horse before, unless of course you are not actually a horse?”  
The horse smiled in pleasure, “finally a man with some sense!  Long have I hoped to meet such a specimen.  I of course am no horse, save perhaps in appearance.  And who pray tell are you and how come you to know more of wisdom than most men I have encountered?”  
The man smiled in amusement and said, “who I am is of no particular import, save that I am a servant of the Great King and have seen many strange and wonderful things in my wanderings on His behalf.  And who might you be, my curious friends?”
The horse snorted in amusement, “who we are matters as little as your identity.  But know we are outcasts and rebels, seeking forgiveness and a brighter future.  We have high hopes that you might be able to tell us of such things.”  
The man nodded, “as are all who roam these Grey Lands.  What know you of the state of the world and that which lies beyond?”  
The horse said, “we know of the Great King and the sundering of all those who have rebelled against Him, including the Dark Prince and all mankind.  We seek to know if there is any way to restore what has been lost.  Can a creature sundered from its Maker by rebellion and iniquity be restored to fellowship with Him?”  
The man smiled, “that is the question that wrings the heart of all mortal creatures.  A creature in willing rebellion against his King cannot do aught to redeem himself.  For what is the worth of anything we can do of ourselves?  Our greatest and noblest deeds are nothing but soiled rags to the Great King yet the least of our sins cuts His great heart like a knife.”  
The horse sighed, “then all is lost?”  
The man smiled joyfully and said, “thankfully, no.  We cannot redeem ourselves but One greater than us has paid the price for our folly; all we need do is accept the King’s pardon on His behalf and live our lives in accordance with the will of our new Lord and Master.”  
The horse looked startled, “who could bear such a burden and yet be acceptable to the King?”  
The man said grimly, “it was the King’s own Son who bore the penalty of our rebellion, and for a moment even His own Father could not look upon Him for the shame He bore.  He willingly left the Brightlands to dwell in infamy among mortals, only to meet a cruel and humiliating end and to give, as it seemed, a great victory to the Vile Prince, but that was not the end of the story.  He overthrew death itself, bore the curse each of us should have borne ourselves, and was restored to His proper place beside His Father.  The Vile Prince was dealt a mortal blow that shall one day be made complete when the True Prince returns in triumph to overthrow evil and death forever.”
The boy said, “why would such a great and mighty Prince do that for the weak and wretched of the earth when He could dwell untroubled in glory?”  
The man said in awe, “that is the mystery and the beauty of it.  Some call it love, but such a love no mortal mind can comprehend.  What will you make of this tale you have just heard?  Will you go your way laughing at the foolishness of an old man while seeming to tolerate me while in my presence or will you take my tale as truth and give your life that you might save it?”  
The boy asked nervously, “what must I do to accept this great offer?”  
The man smiled and said, “simply repent of your evil in the name of the Son and seek to live your life according to the Father’s will.”  
The boy frowned, “and how will I know His will?”  
The man smiled, “you will know.  If you are in earnest, the King’s Spirit will be with and help you to know good from evil, right from wrong.  You must seek out that which is good and noble and beautiful and pure.  Flee that which is evil, ignoble, dishonest, wicked, selfish, and impure.  Love all men as you love yourself and love the King with all that is within you.”  
“And what of me?” asked the horse.  
“What of you?” asked the man, “you are a sapient creature in rebellion against the Great King and therefore capable of seeking His gift of redemption to Himself.” 
The horse said sadly, “but I have dwelt in the Blessed Mountains, across the River which mortal men call the Rift.  I am one of the Pegassi and banished to dwell a mortal horse in these sad lands for refusing that for which my race is bred.  Can even I seek this gift?”  
The man smiled gently, “that you can ask that question and worry about its answer should be answer enough.  Seek the King and I think you have nothing to fear.  Were you yet of a stubborn and proud heart and refused His gift, I think there would be no hope, but yet your heart is supple, humble, and willing.  I have no fear for you.”  
The horse was stunned, “how come you to know my sin?”  
The man smiled ruefully, “the root of all sin is pride and selfishness.  For that is the crime of the Dark Prince and Enemy of the Great King.  A humble and meek heart is hardly capable of such aspirations.”  
The boy then asked, “and what shall I do with my life once I have accepted the King as Lord and Master?  Must I become a wandering raconteur like you?”  
The man laughed, “perhaps that will be your duty but perhaps not.  There are many things the King’s servants are called to do.  You will know in your heart that which you must do if you fervently ask it of the King.  You say you are a rebel and an outlaw?  I would advise you to return to the place from whence you have fled and face the justice that is due you and the forgiveness of those you have wronged.  Only then can you seek what life has in store.”  
The boy was aghast, “I thought accepting the Son freed me from all iniquity and the penalties attendant thereunto.”  
The man smiled sadly, “He frees us from the eternal penalties for such actions but we must yet face the mortal consequences of our actions while life lasts.  You cannot be right with the King if you are not right with your brothers.”  
The boy was stunned, “how did you know I had wronged my brother?”  
The man smiled, “I meant your fellow men not just your male siblings.  Go home and make things right child and remember to forgive others as you seek to be forgiven.”  
They talked long into the night but finally succumbed to exhaustion.  They parted company in the morning, each continuing on his own journey, missing the other as if losing a dear friend though they had known each other only for a few hours.  The horse, Erian by name, chose to accompany the boy home, that he might make amends to his father and brother and face whatever justice they chose to mete out.  The traveler went on his way to seek out those who, like his former companions, were desperate for the truths he carried.  
The journey was swiftly made, the boy was not happy to perhaps be facing death but felt such a peace and purpose within himself that he did not fear the future, even if it meant his demise.  The horse did not wish to go back into captivity but he and the boy had discussed it and if things went ill with the boy, the horse could easily escape once someone took him out of the great walled city for a ride in the country.  If the boy survived the encounter with his father and was not imprisoned for life, they thought to seek the Master’s will for their lives together.  Erian never thought to develop such an attachment to a human but was happy to again have a friend, though he dreaded what end the boy might meet at the hands of his own kin.  He had rather come to enjoy their time together and hoped he would not soon be alone again.  Finally they crossed the borders into Ithamar and would soon face the wrath of the King.  It was not long before six soldiers in the uniform of the Royal Guard came upon them.  They were stunned to learn who the lonely stranger was and wasted no time in drawing their swords to take the rebel and traitor.
The boy drew his own sword and dagger, but only to throw them to the ground and then placed his hands on his head in surrender.  The captain nearly fell out of his saddle in wonder but feared the boy might be trying his hand at some trick.  He ordered his men forward and they surrounded the boy with swords bared.  The captain searched the boy, cruelly bound his hands behind his back, and took the reins of the ‘silly horse.’  One of his men retrieved the boy’s weapons and they set out in triumph for the city.  They said nothing to the rebel, save to mock him in his shameful return; the boy refrained from speaking.  They entered the city and the citizens mocked and jeered as he passed while cheering the brave soldiers who had captured the renegade.  The King had widely publicized the incident and its consequences, and the boy was already unpopular with the citizenry after his many intoxicated adventures in the city’s various inns.  They arrived in the courtyard of the castle, many were the servants and guards who for a moment stood about in abject shock, before hustling off to inform the King of his ignominious guest.  The boy slid form his saddle under the watchful eyes of a dozen armed men; he smiled sheepishly at the horse, who whinnied in reassurance as he was led away to the stables.  
The boy was taken to meet his father with all the court and his entire family looking on.  The boy stood before their Majesties, head bowed and tears burning in his eyes.  The King wore a grim look while his mother’s eyes held silent shame and horror that one of her own children could be so terrible.  The King said in a voice like thunder in the hills, “what have you to say for yourself?  I half expected you to return with an enemy army, come to force your point, if you returned at all.”  
The boy could stand it no longer, and fell to his knees before his father as the court gasped in amazement.  The King’s jaw dropped and for the first time hope lit the Queen’s face.  The boy said, “I fled a proud and foolish boy.  I return in shame and dishonor, but duty bids me to return and face what my shameful acts have earned.”  
“Duty?” scoffed the King, “what know you of duty?”  
The boy wept openly, “I know very little Sire, but I could not go on living knowing your wrath yet hung over my head.  Know that I am guilty of all that you have heard.  I am also guilty of living wantonly and selfishly, with no regard for any save myself.  I return to you a broken and humbled child.  Forgive my idiocy and irreverent thoughts and deeds.  Let justice be met in your eyes, as well as in the eyes of the court and all the citizens of Ithamar.”  
The King gaped, “you are my son, are you not?”  The boy met his father’s befuddled gaze; the man saw the truth of the boy’s words written in eyes, red with weeping.  The King shook his head and said, “I threatened you with death should you have the gall to return, but I also spoke of the possibility of mercy.  Tell me truly, is this drastic change of heart real or simply a ploy to spare your life?” 
The boy said, “my life is yours to take if you will it thus.  This shattered wretch you see before you is the man I have become in my absence; it is no act.”   
The King shook his head, “and what has engendered such a change?  You fled a traitor and return an honorable man that I would not be ashamed to call my son.”  
The boy smiled weakly and said, “I have discovered that there is more to life than my own selfish and empty desires.  I have found Him who can forgive my past and shortcomings and Who enables me to become more than I could ever aspire to be.  I am a servant of the Great King and His blessed Son.”
At this admission the whole court was suddenly in uproar.  They of course had heard the tales and thought them all stories and wishful thinking, for there could be no Great King any more than there was a Dark Prince or unicorns or griffins.  Such things were simply bedtime tales to teach children morality and hasten them to sleep and nothing more.  The King was enraged, “I begin to offer you mercy and you dare blame your radical transformation on children’s tales?”  
The boy said quietly, “they are not stories Sire, they are the truth and the only hope for mankind.  Am I not living proof of their power?”  
The King shook his head, satisfied that the boy did not mock him, but fearful that he was a lunatic.  Finally he said, “I have stripped you of all rank and title and this I cannot and will not restore.  However, seeing your change of heart, I will spare you from death.  You may come and go freely within Ithamar and all its domains but only as a commoner.  You have no rank or privilege among the nobility unless one of us cares to humor you for a time.  What say you?”

In Which Miss Iris Misses Tea
Excerpt from ‘Of Tea... and Things’

There she stood in her second best dress on the front steps of her husband’s marvelous and imposing townhouse, clutching the most disreputable portmanteau in the staff’s possession, or at least the most scandalous specimen that could be procured on short notice.  She would not even have been allowed to keep the dress, had it not been considered quite improper to allow her back inside to change into something less grand.  She had never imagined when she had stepped out that morning to make a call upon a certain influential social matron that she would be facing such a crisis upon her return, had she known that to be the case, she at least would have worn her Best Dress, a scandal in its own right certainly, but one easily overlooked in the even deeper scandal that had washed over her with all the rage and suddenness of a tsunami.  Of course she had never worn the Best Dress, no one did, not unless the Queen herself happened to stop by unannounced for tea!  Her current surprise was no less had that been the shock awaiting her but it was certainly far less pleasant, or so she assumed, never having had tea with Her Majesty, she could not be quite certain, but she thought it was at least probable.
She tried to plead again with the dour faced butler but he only shook his head grimly and pointed harshly down the road, as if she were naught but a beggar woman squatting upon the doorstep rather than his mistress of a decade.  Former mistress it seemed.  Said the appalled housekeeper, from behind the grim brute of a butler who seemed suddenly all brawny shoulders, a feature she had never before paid much heed, “move along miss, it would not do to make a scene.”
With a final sigh, her shoulders slumping and her elegant train trailing dejectedly after her, Iris descended the proud and fashionable steps, wondering what the society papers would say on the morrow and how many hidden eyes were watching from behind seemingly vacant windows.  There was no sense arguing, it was just the way things were.  She had forgotten, well she knew this day might come, but she had hoped something would happen to spare her such an ignomious fate, that her husband’s fondness for her would somehow protect her, that he might forget, but it seemed that he had not and no amount of love, however inordinate, could make up for the indignity she had caused him, the insult was unforgivable and imperiling his family line as she had was perhaps the greatest indignity of all, if not a crime in and of itself.
‘Miss,’ the word haunted her, she who had only that morning stepped out as Mrs. Iris Andromeda Baren Candor Donaldo Eveleff Garand Hatt Indigo...Zebula.  Twenty-six surnames, one for each letter of the alphabet, outlining her husband’s extensive, impressive, and most ancient lineage, but now she was simply ‘miss.’  She opened the bag hopefully, for perhaps her future lay therein, but there was nothing within, save a few sentimental knickknacks she had brought with her upon her most fortuitous marriage.  Once fabulously wealthy, her material worth was now as diminished as her name.  She had a few coins about her person, a surplus of lace handkerchiefs, and a fan, but nothing else save the clothes on her back and the hat on her head.  Perhaps she could still return home, she doubted it, but it was the only thing she could think of to spare herself from an even less desirable fate.
She raised a hand to hail a cab, a thing no proper lady would do, for that is what one had servants for, so it took no little time to actually attract that attention of a driver and get him to pull his overworked nag over to the side of the pavement whereon her former ladyship stood.  They assumed she was having a fit or communicating with some other personage or fainting or something appropriately ladylike, not trying to get the attention of such a loathsome creature as a cabby.  But at last someone did dare to thwart all common reason and social propriety and pulled over to see what the perplexing dame was up to, but not before a rather scandalous looking person, who made Iris’s skin crawl even at a distance, sidled up to her most knowingly and said in very familiar tones, “there’s but one thing for you to do miss, you’re still a pretty-ish thing, and don’t you worry, we’ll be waiting when you finally resign yourself to reality.”  He winked at her in a most reprehensible fashion and then slouched off rather too smugly for anyone’s comfort but his own.
Iris shuddered in revulsion as she climbed into the cab, gave her address, and tried not to think as they rolled off in the direction of her childhood home.  She couldn’t, absolutely not!  But if her parents likewise disowned her, it would be her only option.  But no, they wouldn’t, they couldn’t!  But they did.  The cab drew up in a very unfashionable part of town and she paid him his fare, all she had left and with nothing extra for his trouble.  She couldn’t tell if he was angry, scandalized, or seemed to understand her plight, so blank were his face and eyes, the result of a lifetime of carrying to and fro those whose business was none of his.  The vehicle rattled off and she prepared to face her parents, hoping against hope that they would not see things as all of society did, that this scandal was none of her own doing, but they undoubtedly would.
Her father was a craftsman, he worked with his hands, and while he made a good living for his large family, such a family was not likely to be the source of a bride for one of society’s elite; it just wasn’t done.  So it was quite the fairy tale to those who knew the family, and quite the scandal to everyone else, when his Lordship had chosen Iris to be his bride.  It was the habit of some of the great lords’ sons and certain wealthy young bucks to go ‘slumming’ amid the lower classes as both a form of amusement and a means of temporally escaping the stuffy and inflexible world into which they had been born.  They’d don ‘rough’ clothes and attend a public ball in the less affluent parts of town and dance the night away with many a miller’s daughter and tradesman’s niece.  It was in just such an environment that Iris met her husband, well former husband, and he was so taken with her that he insisted on marrying her.
Many insisted that he would one day rue his choice, mostly those with eligible daughters of their own, and today seemed to be proving them right.  She was neither rich nor powerful nor did she know anyone who was, but her family was respectable, if middle class, but most importantly, she came of a large and healthy family.  Her mother had been prolific in the production of children and he had no doubt that it was a trait his admired lady would likewise possess.  So they were married, much to the delight of everyone who had any care or love for the happiness of those involved, but all others were appalled, most especially his peers and relations.  Gradually they got used to the idea and the scandalized talk and impolite remarks vanished into the background as other, more interesting scandals arose to replace them, but they would no doubt spring back to life after today’s little affair.
It was exactly ten years and nine months to the day since she wed what she thought was the love of her life, but here she stood outside the door of her childhood home, hoping that her parents would welcome her home once more.  But the unemotional maid that answered the door did not look like a bearer of gladsome tidings, said she in a scandalized tone, “please come round to the back, miss, the front door is only for proper visitors.”
Ugh!  At least they answered the door, perhaps they just wanted to avoid more public scandal, best to keep this affair away from prying eyes in any case.  She hustled to the door that opened off a side alley into the kitchens, hoping to find peace at last, but she was merely handed a few table scraps for her trouble and told that the master of the house, though not unkindly, was not prone to humor beggars who repeatedly accosted his servants.  Beggar?!  But in truth that’s what she was, she had dared marry into one of the Great Families, and in failing to uphold her part of the bargain, after the legally prescribed period, she was cast back into the street, and having thus embarrassed herself and all the Greats so thoroughly, her family dared not offer her succor, lest they seem complicit in the eyes of all society in this most unfortunate affair.  There were also yet children at home and the presence of such a specter lurking about the house would undoubtedly affect their chances of marrying well, or at all.  To them and all society, it was as if she had never been.  She wasn’t even considered as one dead, one who at least had lived and would be missed, rather she no longer existed and never had.
What was left to her?  She considered the filthy and disreputable man who had accosted her, almost as dreadful as her handbag, but she shuddered in disgust, she’d rather starve!  Staring down bleakly at her meager handful of scraps, the only legacy her parents would bequeath her, she knew she very well might.  But it would be far better to die an honest, though wretched death, than to play the harlot for her bread.  But was there no other choice?  She sighed heavily as she slunk out of the alley, little heeding where she was going but knowing she could no longer remain where she was, all of her attention was focused inward on the disaster that was now her life.
It wasn’t her fault, or so she hoped, she really didn’t mean to be barren, she came of fruitful stock on both sides, but in those ten years and nine months, she had never given her husband even the hope of a child.  But as far as society saw it, she had deceived him, wasted precious time in which he might have been fathering children, endangered the stability of the family line, for what would happen if he died without leaving children?  She did have to smile, in a grim and ironic sort of way, that she had had ten years and nine months, just in case she happened to conceive on the last day of the prescribed ten years, you never could tell, but as she had not produced an heir in the final nine months either, she was unceremoniously cast from her home and society, driven from safety and security like a common thief.  And now her only hope was to become a harlot, this too elicited that grimly amused smile, for what safer woman for such a job?  There being so slight a chance of producing bastard children and the lady herself being cast out of all decent society, in desperate need of both sustenance and protection.
Better to face the Wilds than suffer such a fate!  She stood on the edge of town, her unwitting wanderings having brought her thus, near one of the great gates that opened in the wall surrounding the city and allowed traffic in and out during daylight hours, but which were firmly shut every evening to keep Things out.  What Things, she had never rightly heard, it wasn’t proper for her young female mind to be apprised of such Things, but rest assured, between the Wall and the Watch, she’d not need to worry about any of them.  She just needed to focus on finding a decent husband.  Well, that and having a superfluity of children.  She had succeeded quite well in the first case but failed abysmally in the second.  With a heavy sigh, she marched straight out the gate and into the wide world without and none dared stop her, for though a lady of breeding NEVER left the Walls without a proper escort, it was even more taboo to interfere with such, no matter how improper seemed her intentions.
She had travelled abroad several times with her husband upon various errands and visits, but she had never left town alone and afoot before, certainly not as a girl, for even people of her father’s lowly social status had Standards.  But she was quite thoroughly disgusted with Standards and for a time relished the odd looks shot her way by the various farmers, tradesmen, and servants that passed her by upon their own errands.  She found it quite exhilarating at first, to be thwarting social conventions so thoroughly; cast her out would they?!  Well, she might just as well spurn them!  She’d leave of her own accord and that was that.  The leaving part was easy, it was what was to be done afterwards that terrified her enough that the ratty man’s offer didn’t seem so bad upon recollection, but she chastised herself as a milk-hearted sniveler and kept marching further away from the only life she had ever known, but just what was she speeding towards?
Things.  Oh why oh why would they not tell her about Things?!  Not knowing was probably worse than the most horrid truth, then she must resort to making things up and a young girl’s imagination could be quite gruesome, likely more so than the actual reality.  Well, this was her big chance to find out.  And whatever her fate, it couldn’t be worse than harlotry, not that she knew much about that either, just enough to encourage her to produce a baby or ten lest it be all her future.  She started to cast back within her mind, seeking stories, rumors, gossip, lies, anything she could remember of life outside the city, beyond the town, things her brothers discovered in their studies, overheard snippets of the servants’ gossip, gran’s fireside tales, the talk amongst her father’s friends over their pipes when she was thought long abed.
Of course she had been taught, as all decent and proper young ladies were, about the Old World, and the Ancient Days, of all the horrible and uncouth things that had happened before civilization and decency and Standards, when the world was wild and young and wide, when people were the myth and all sorts of uncouth folk roamed the earth.  But all that happened in another age, another time, probably in another place, for nothing very interesting ever happened in or near the city, at least that she had ever heard of, at least not interesting to her, she didn’t consider the latest social scandal intriguing in the least, which may be why she never quite fit in to Society, children or not. 
As the day began to fade into evening, she allowed herself a brief respite from her introspection to take the lay of the land and consider what might be her best option for the imminent night.  The fields and pasturelands and neat little coppice woods that had straddled the road for the entirety of the journey suddenly gave way before her to a wood seemingly as dark and expansive as the night sky that seemed intent upon devouring all that remained of the dying day.  The road itself skirted this impressive forest by a wide margin, continuing on its prim and proper way, seemingly contemptuous of the wild and unkempt country that bordered one side.  Well, thought she, Society and their Standards have utterly cast me out, why should I tread their roads and prescribed paths any longer?  So with a shrug of defiance, she stepped off the smug little road and clove her way into the murky and trackless wood.
The first thing she noticed was that her fashionable garb, though quite suited to the trackless wastes of societal gatherings, was quite a hindrance in actual trackless wastes.  The second was that it was quite dark, as if one had foolishly locked oneself inside a wardrobe.  Unable any longer to ascertain what was before her, and tripping most inelegantly over some branch or rock, and even uncertain where the edge of the forest now lay, she could do little but sit down and cry, for at last her heart had caught up with her mind, originally numbed by the shock of it all, she had been able to act almost dispassionately, but out here, at last, her sorrow and fears overtook her.  Of course proper ladies were not allowed to cry, but as she was no longer of that ilk, she unashamedly wept her little heart out until at last she passed blissfully into unknowing sleep.

“She did what?!” said the astonished, though otherwise thoroughly tidy, man in wonder.
“She vanished into that dratted Wood, sir,” said the equally flabbergasted henchman, adding quickly, “I offered her the usual and assumed she’d come begging the moment she discovered just how limited her options were.  I never took her for the outdoorsy type.”
“If she was just some common trollop,” began the distinguished looking man, dressed to the height of current fashion, as he pensively paced the room, “it would be of no matter if she did choose to so lose herself and be set upon by Things.  No one would care or notice, but this chit was special!  I had a double-sided list as long as my arm of gentlemen callers wanting to make her acquaintance.  It is not often such a scandal rocks Society and when it does, our men of Fashion should be able to take advantage of it.  She’s costing me money, lots of money, and worse, notoriety!  Her reputation alone is worth more than five of my most talented ladies combined.”  He glared at the hapless minion as if this whole fiasco was his fault, “have we no options?”
“You know no one who goes into that Wood ever returns,” stuttered the terrified henchman, “at least in a recognizable form.”
“True,” sighed the dandy, “too true, you should have just kidnapped her outright.”
“Knowing what we do now, I would have, but I like to give them the chance to despair first,” smiled the lackey wickedly, “it makes their final surrender and despair all the sweeter and seems to even make them grateful to us for saving them from utter ruin.”
“Why can’t she just be reasonable like every other girl in the realm?” mused the cad in a gentleman’s garb.
“There were whispers you know, sir,” said the flunky in dubious and hushed tones.
“Yes,” slurred that non-gentleman, “and if true, perhaps she would have been a most troublesome acquisition indeed.  But was there truly any proof that she did, indeed,” he paused cautiously, as if to ensure they were truly alone before continuing in a quieter voice, as he uttered the astonishing word, “read?”
“I managed to speak to several of her former staff, both in her husband’s and her father’s house, and they agreed that she did in fact do just that,” said the sub-villain, not daring even to say the dastardly deed aloud.
“It is not,” mused the senior villain, “that a lady cannot be allowed to read, but it is her choice of literature that is of the utmost import.  You are certain it was not just flimsy novels and the society papers?”
“Nay milord,” said the henchman grimly, “it was books, solid and heavy books, any she could lay hand to, not that it was an easy thing in her social circumstances, but they say she found rather creative ways to go about it, vulgar chit!”
“Does she know something we do not about that forest or Things?” asked he.
“I doubt it sir,” said the henchman boldly, “for even the most well read of men knows little of that cursed Wood, and whatever means she used to contrive access to a book, it is very unlikely she would come across anything helpful in that regard when men with ready access to such information know nothing.”
“Quite true,” said the non-gentleman in growing good humor, “perhaps she would have been quite an encumbrance to own, a pity, but perhaps it is for the best after all.”

While Iris could see nothing going on around her, not only because she was sleeping as one dead, but also because that peculiar Wood was draped in an unnatural night, that did not mean things weren’t going on.  While all the human folk in those parts thought this particular Wood haunted, cursed, forsaken, et cetera, it was really none of those things, for it was always near to bursting with activity of various sorts and tenanted by some of the most upstanding individuals imaginable, though perhaps they did not recognize the Standards as holy writ, which was probably the main argument against calling such folk civilized, they were quite civilized in their own particular way, one which Society might very well have called uncouth, could they ever glimpse such a spectacle of course.  But as they couldn’t, all were kindly spared that sort of unpleasantness.
“A lady?!” said a very astonished voice, lurking in the shrubbery near where said lady reposed in quite un-Standard fashion.
“Quite,” chuckled a second voice in reply.
“Of all the strange and wonderful things one might glimpse in this peculiar Wood,” mused the first, “this is one spectacle I never thought to see.”
“Anything is possible here,” said the second voice in ill-suppressed amusement.
“Anything out of the ordinary,” agreed the first, “but such a spectacle is quite ordinary in the outer world.”
“But it would be a peculiar scene here and thus one would think it quite possible, along with all the other impossible scenes one might certainly witness herein,” continued the second, no longer hiding his mirth.
“I suppose your reasoning must be sound,” said the first with a shake of his head, “if not here, then certainly somewhere.”  He glanced back at the sleeping lady, “but it seems so mundane.”
“Again you are stating the obvious, my friend,” smiled the second, “please stop!”
“But then what shall we speak of?” quoth the first with a wry grin.
“Now who is the one being mundane?” laughed the second outright.
“True,” said the first ruefully, “I sound like some oblivious gentleman at a societal function where we can speak nothing but the blatantly obvious.”
“The lady’s presence is corrupting you already,” said the second in feigned horror, “what will happen to the balance of our acquaintance?”
“Dreadful thought indeed!” agreed the first, but lapsing into sudden silence as the lady in question stirred.
“Who is there?” queried she, trying to sound valiant and unafraid but managing only to sound like a lonely kitten mewing forlornly in a dark alley.  Iris glanced about her futilely, all about her hidden in mist and shadow.  At least the utter black of night had given way to a twilit world of murky shadow but she was still nearly as blind, not even able to see her feet amidst the brume, but she was quite certain she had been wakened by voices.
The first looked at the second in question, he only shrugged and stepped forward out of the swirling mists, that the lady might know what it was that lurked unseen just beyond sight.  She gasped to see that she was not alone in this surreal world, but as she had been anticipating Things, two gentlemen dressed in quality but conservative evening dress were not exactly what she had been expecting, seeing her quickly hidden look of disappointment, the first said to the second, “see, she was thinking to discover something less mundane in this peculiar Wood as well.”  Upon which, all exchanged Standard greetings, before the first spoke once more, “how come you here madam and may we be of any assistance?”
She fought valiantly but the tears still came, said she through her sobs and hiccups, “I am quite at a loss, gentlemen, for I’ve been Forsaken by kith and kin, cast out for the most heinous of offenses.  I wonder that you would even deign speak with me.”
The first man could not suppress a grin, “we don’t often get to read the society papers, milady.  You will be happy to know that your society’s standard is not ours.”
She blinked at him as if he had said he routinely employed an ostrich in lieu of a carriage horse, said she in some befuddlement, “what then is your Standard?  I know I am Outcast, but if you are equally so, have you not turned bandit or outlaw or something equally uncivilized?”
“Your society certainly would not approve of our various goings on, madam,” assured the second, his own grin as wide as his fellow’s, “but we are far from lawless men.  Indeed, we cling to a standard even higher and older than that to which you refer.”
She smiled sadly at these poor benighted men, lost so long in the dark and mist that they must truly have lost all sense of decency and propriety, not to mention physical direction, but then again, it was the Standards that had proclaimed she must be cast from all decent company and protections for an act which was not willfully done and was in nowise her fault and said that her former kith and kin must have nothing whatsoever to do with her ever again whilst these respectable seeming gentlemen were at least treating her as a real and valuable person.
Said she in polite ignorance, “I suppose there must be other Standards in the world, those that govern conduct say in former times or distant places, perhaps it is of this you speak?”
“Something like that indeed, my lady,” said the first with a grandiose bow, “but come, what crime or perception thereof has driven you so far from home?”
They both blinked in wonder at her brief tale, said the second, “and how is it you chose to flee to this peculiar Wood, whose reputation may be even worse among fashionable folk than even the flesh dealers that offered you succor?”
“I’ve never heard aught of this Wood, either good or ill,” said she simply, “women are not told such things.  I’ve tried to read up on things, not Things mind you, but anything I could lay hands on, but even that study was limited, for it is thought quite uncouth for a woman, particularly one of my standing, to know things, especially about Things.”  She brightened significantly at this, “now that I am a woman of ill-repute, will you tell me about the Things?”
“What things?” queried the first in confusion.
“You know!” said she a bit abashedly, “the reason the city has walls, the Things they are meant to keep out!”
The men exchanged a rather amused grin, at which she frowned, thinking their mirth sprang from her ignorance, but the second reassured her, “I am not sure why they built the walls if they think to repel Things from within this Wood, that is utterly ridiculous, but perhaps your folk do not understand that or it makes them feel better regardless, but either way, if the walls were meant to keep your folk safe from Things within the Wood, they are sorely mistaken.”
“I see,” said she rather lamely, but perked up as she considered, “still, if they are afraid of Things, there must be a reason and I would dearly love to learn it.”
“I am afraid what your folk fear and the actual reality of the situation are two very different things, milady,” said the first with a regretful shake of his head, continuing swiftly as she tried to interject eagerly, “and some of those truths cannot be imparted to you, for either the world is not ready or is forbidden from knowing or even we know not the truth of the matter.”
She shut her eagerly gaping mouth and merely broached a disappointed, “oh,” feeling again a little girl whose father had just told her serious books were not within the proper domain of womenfolk.
“That and there is not time enough between now and the end of days to thoroughly discuss such a topic,” added the second hurriedly.
“So you are saying,” mused she, “that though much must yet remain hidden from my ravenously curious mind, there are still enough facts of interest to keep me thoroughly occupied for the rest of my born days?”
“Certainly miss,” grinned the first, “the better question would be, what do you need to know, what would be the most important topic to begin your education?”
She stood and brushed the residual brush from her hopelessly rumpled dress, touched her now feral hair with an appalled hand, only to discover her stylish hat was also missing, and said in resignation, “I suppose one’s wardrobe and appearance are not of the utmost import within this wild wood of yours?  If the residents hereof are not at all concerned with mortal walls, I would assume physical appearance would also be of little import?”  Both men offered her a smart half bow of affirmation, their eyes sparkling in delight at her quick assessment of the situation and seemingly innate understanding thereof.  She glanced around morosely at the unpromising gloom and asked, “and I suppose what I can see of this dismal place is hardly to be used as a measure to judge the Wood as a whole or even in part?”
“Indeed!” agreed the second happily, “you have a fine grasp upon the situation, for having just arrived and being...”  He trailed off awkwardly, not knowing how to state the obvious in a delicate and politic manner.
She grinned at him, quite like an excited and unabashed child, “being a former society matron?”
“Quite,” seconded the first.
“I suppose the most important matter to determine is what is to come of me?” she gazed at her interlocutors earnestly.
“I suppose we cannot just throw her back?” grinned the second in a most impish fashion.
At this, the lady gaped unwittingly like the metaphorical fish to which she had just been compared, little realizing that she had likewise committed a faux pas of vast egregiousness along with her companion: that of comparing a lady to an aquatic animal, it just was not done, at least not in proper circles, but as she glanced about once more, she was reminded just how far removed she now was from those very circles and decided to let the perceived insult pass unremarked, whereat the first came magnanimously to her rescue with, “you shouldn’t compare a lady to a fish, my friend, not on any account.”
“I suppose not,” agreed the second, “but our quandary still remains, bad metaphors aside.”
“It does at that,” frowned the first pensively, eyeing the lady, he asked, “and what shall come of you madam?”
“I haven’t a clue,” said she morosely, “I was hoping you could tell me!”
“The outer world has utterly forsaken you,” mused the second aloud, “yet you have no official place or standing within the Wood.”
“Must I?” queried she, all curiosity.
The first nodded grimly, “aye madam, for without it you would find yourself in grave peril, for there are many factions and an ever shifting balance of power and most of the denizens have little love for mortals.  At best they would ignore you, but there are many who would do far worse for the temerity you have shown in violating their Wood.”
Her eyes narrowed as she studied them anew, “yet you are not afraid to go gallivanting about as it pleases you?”  They both smiled at this, an irksome gesture, reminiscent of a smug and mysterious cat, with just as much hope of prying a satisfactory answer out of them as to the significance thereof.  Sighed she in obvious disdain, “fine, keep your secrets!  I can only then assume that I cannot safely depend upon physical appearance as a concrete sign of anything in this odd place?”
“You are quite correct, milady,” agreed the first, “hope may be found within a monstrous guise and danger in the most innocuous.”
“So you are not two gentlemen of means and leisure who have happened upon me in my hour of need?” asked she.
“We have happened upon you in your hour of need, quite providentially if I may add,” said the second.
“And we are certainly Gentlemen, at least as the term should be defined, though not as the word is realized in your society,” added the First.
“And we are certainly not men of leisure,” chuckled the Second.
Added the First, “but we certainly have the means to accomplish the necessary.”
“So what is to come of me?” asked she plaintively.
“What are your wishes and desires madam?” retorted the First.
“I want to belong somewhere,” said she pensively, “to not be judged by things beyond my control.  To be valued for what I am, rather than for what I am not or what I own or to whom I was born or for what I might do.”
“The search of every quivering soul,” nodded the Second.
“Can I find it?” asked she, hoping against hope, “here or anywhere?”
“It is quite attainable,” smiled the First, “if you truly desire it.”
“I do!” said she, “who doesn’t?”
“Everyone desires it of course,” said the First, “but most prefer to attempt to attain it in their own way, by their own power or cunning or strength, but it can only be attained one way.”
“The Standards?” asked she nervously.
“Is your society’s attempt at attaining it, yes,” nodded the Second sagely, “but it is not the true Way.”
“Good!” said she with a sigh of relief, “for I’ve tried it and found it extremely vexatious and thoroughly wanting.”  Her eyes narrowed suddenly, “how can you be so certain there is only one Way?  That sounds rather myopic and closed minded if there are as many different cultures, tribes, traditions, and peoples in the world and even beyond it as you imply?”
“What does your society think of any that don’t hold their Standard dear?” countered the First.
“We think them uncivilized heathens,” said she at once, narrowing her eyes in thought and adding, “which makes me wonder if the truly civilized way to look at the matter is to see that perhaps there are many roads to the same destination?”
“And what would happen if you found a road and started traveling thereupon, assuming it must bear you wherever you had a mind to go regardless of whither it truly went?” asked the Second.
“That is ridiculous,” giggled she, “a road can only go betwixt the places it is built; my wishes mean nothing.”
“Should not the same be true of attempting to attain a certain end?” queried the first, “If you wish to obtain milk, one does not approach an obliging rock or climb a tree.  Your society is right in its assumption that their Standard must be seen as the only way to achieve their desired end or chaos and confusion would result, even if they are wrong about the means thereof.  They have the right idea but the wrong road.”
“Humph,” grunted she in disgust, realizing how much of a waste her life had been up until this very moment, but brightening added, “so how is one to attain the proper end?”
“Take the right road,” said the First cryptically.
“Show me this way, then,” urged she.
“It will cost you everything, milady,” said the Second quietly.
“I have nothing left,” countered she.
“Materially speaking, perhaps,” agreed the First, but adding, “but what of your hopes, dreams, fears, doubts, time, preferences, prejudices, opinions, and physical being, all that makes up your heart, mind, body, and soul?”
“I must become nothing?” said she in growing alarm.
The Second shook his head minutely and said quietly, so much so that she had to strain to hear him, “we are nothing, or rather, each of us is accounted as nothing when compared to that which we seek.  It is none of our doing, we come naked and empty handed, filthy and alone, disgusting beggars with nothing to recommend us.”
She was trembling, whether in fear or anticipation, perhaps both, she scarcely knew, but licking her lips, she said just as quietly, “I am utterly wretched, beneath these fancy rags lurks nothing of worth or substance, yet you say it need not be so?”
“Aye, milady,” smiled the First in growing anticipation, “in forsaking what we think we want, only then can we discover that which we truly need.”
“Then show me,” said she eagerly.  The two gentlemen exchanged one of those maddeningly mystifying looks, bowed graciously to the lady, and then the world spun into blackness, dark as starless night.

On Sleeping Beauties: A Foible

“No, no, no!” rang the irate fairy’s strident voice as she perused the text before her, “this will never do, not in the least!  That’s not how it happened at all!”
“What’s wrong with it?” gasped her journalistic companion in surprise, “I thought you were a Reformed Evil Fairy or some such?”
Her glare froze him in his seat as she replied icily, “that does not mean I will swoon and sigh over this pathetic drivel you have the audacity to call literature.  Not even my goody-goody sister is that insipid.”
“But what is wrong with it?” said the flummoxed, and rather nervous, writer in growing despair.
“The better question,” said the fairy wryly, “is what is right with it.  Nothing!  Absolutely nothing!”  She frowned slightly and added, “that and it is utterly dull.”
“Dull?!” said he, his ire suddenly replacing his fear and surprise, “it is the consummate fairy tale!”
“That’s the problem,” said she with a heavy sigh, “I’ve had to give up the genre entirely in these latter years; it probably isn’t your fault, the world isn’t what it used to be.  I suppose you don’t even believe in dragons?”
“Of course not,” said the man with a sneer, “why should I?  Nor unicorns either, for that matter.”
“So you can put a rider on your home insurance policy, of course” said the fairy with a laughing smirk, “what happens if a dragon should happen to fly over your house and sneeze?”  He paled at this, wondering if his disbelief were so wise and trendy after all.  She continued, “as for unicorns, there’s not really any practical reason to believe in them, but it’s to your own loss if you don’t.”  He frowned at her, not catching her meaning but she was not about to enlighten him further.
Said he after a long and awkward silence, “very well, madam, I suppose since I importuned you for this very reason.  You had best tell me how to improve my manuscript.”
“Much better,” said the Reformed Fairy of Blackfen, with something almost resembling a genuine smile.  She took up the paper again and scanned the text, muttering under her breath as she read, “big party...angry fairy...the girl will die...irritating cousin mitigates the curse...pricks her finger on a spindle...long nap...smooch from a handsome prince...happily ever after.”  She looked up at him and said solemnly, “if you must know, it is very tedious indeed.”  His mouth fell open in astonishment but she charged on before he could utter anything he might afterwards regret, as he was in the presence of a magical person who did not suffer fools lightly, said she, “your characters have no personality, your plot has no depth, there isn’t even a sprinkling of humor in it, the danger and suspense is nonexistent as we all know the prince will come eventually.  That and it’s historically inaccurate.”
“Fine,” grumped the journalist, sitting back in his chair, arms crossed, and the look of a sulking toddler on his face, “enlighten me.”
“Oh, that I will,” said the fairy in true delight as she tossed the paper aside, laughed she, “and it doesn’t even begin with ‘Once upon a time:’

“I need a baby,” said the noble lady to her husband as he entered their extensive and fashionable house.  He stared at her blankly for a moment, as if wondering why she just did not go out and procure one like she did her dresses and shoes, rather than bothering him with such trifling little details, but before he could fathom the full import of her words, she plunged ahead, “I was just over at the Jones’s and they have the cutest little boy!  Oh, darling!  I want one; I must have one!  Wouldn’t a little girl be just the thing to liven up this rather dreary old house?  Think of the adorable little clothes and the accessories I could buy!  The congratulations and adulation that would flow in!”
He was about to protest that babies were theoretically expensive, and from what he had heard, they were quite noisy and dreadfully messy, not to mention rather inconvenient, but then that is what one had staff for, was it not?  And as money was no object in that particular household, why not?  “Very well darling,” said he, “if it makes you happy, nothing could please me more.”
But it seems infants are slightly harder to procure than shoes of a particular size and shade, which is hard enough, most especially when you are impatient for the fulfillment thereof.  So it was that little Midas Jones was walking and beginning to babble almost recognizable verbiage, which his mother insisted were words, whilst our esteemed lady’s frustrations mounted over her inability to produce such an adorable creature of her own, but more importantly she was unable to reap the social excitement and congratulations that would undoubtedly flow unceasingly from such a fount.  She consulted every known sorcerer, apothecary, physician, and herbalist she could find who specialized in such matters, but all to no avail.
But just as the baby craze seemed to be fading in that particular neighborhood, though exotic poultry were becoming quite fashionable, our lady found herself the mother of a beautiful little girl, in celebration of which, they threw a fantastic party, inviting everyone who was anyone in the entire Kingdom and beyond.  The happy couple stood at the door greeting their guests as carriage after carriage rolled up and disgorged one fabulously clad celebrant after another, all obviously bored silly and there out of duty rather than any fondness for children in general or this couple in particular.  The proud parents had just turned to follow the last invited guest into the house, when a rather irritated throat cleared behind them, drawing their attention.  “Yes?” said the perplexed lady of the house to the rather curiously dressed individual loitering upon her expensive and stately steps.
“I fear my invitation must have been mislaid or lost by the carrier, for I never received it,” said the interesting personage.
“Invitation?!” said the lady, quite aghast that this odd person could even think that she would ever extend an invitation to such a peculiar and shabbily clad being.
“It is the only explanation,” said the creature, quite indifferent to the hostess’ shock, “for who would dare not invite me?”
“Who or what are you, madam?” said the astounded lady.
“What?” said the disturbing vision, with a certain dangerous edge in her voice that even the flabbergasted lady could not miss, “I am not a what but a who, madam!  I am the Fairy of Blackfen.”
“Ah!” said the relieved host, coming to his lady’s rescue, “that explains it then.  For you see, we don’t happen to believe in fairies, it is quite unfashionable and therefore unthinkable, and since we do not believe in your existence, well, you can’t expect an invitation when you don’t exist now, can you?  No hard feelings I hope.  Ta ta!”  He stared at her expectantly for a moment, as if he expected her to immediately tip over dead, and then seemed rather crestfallen when she failed to do anything half so obliging.
The fairy frowned at him, “why are you standing there gaping?”
“I would think you of all people would have read that particular story?” said he in wonder, “when I said, ‘we don’t believe in fairies,’ aren’t you supposed to drop dead or something?”
The fairy said with a longsuffering sigh, but could not entirely hide her wry smirk, “I am afraid that particular story is not this particular story, thus the rules are quite different.  So sorry to disoblige you, now what about my invitation?”
“I am afraid not,” said the lady of the house with a firm shake of her head, “it would never do!  Your attire alone is five hundred years out of fashion, not to mention what my neighbors would think if I actually let a fairy in the house!  It would be utterly ridiculous and I could never again show my face in fashionable society.  Now if you were a leprechaun or some other well-to-do and currently in-vogue pixie-type person, I might make an exception, but it is completely unthinkable in this instance!  I bid you good day, madam; I have a party to host!”
The fairy laughed darkly and said in her most sinister voice, which was impressively creepy, “what if I threatened to curse your child else?”
“Oh, would you!” said the lady in sudden delight.  At the astonished and confused looks she received not only from the fairy but also from her husband, she added by way of explanation, “little Midas Jones was hexed after calling the new teacher at his Montessori, ‘an ugly old hag,’ when she pinched him and said he looked good enough to eat.  It was only the truth after all, but still she sued the Montessori and won enough money to pay cash for that homely old gingerbread mansion down the street.  Who builds with carbs nowadays?  Anyway, then she went and cursed him besides.  Now everything he touches turns to gold!  I had thought about asking if we could babysit now and again, but this would be even better.”  Her husband still looked rather perplexed, though the fairy now seemed to understand far more about this particular couple than they knew about themselves.  The lady rolled her eyes and sighed, “what is it dear?  What was unclear about what I just said?”
The man shook his head, “what’s a Montessori?  Some sort of fancy sandwich shop?”
With another sigh, his wife expounded, “it is an elite and expensive school for very young children, I had one picked out even before our daughter was born; you can’t start too early, you know.”  She eyed the fairy eagerly, “what do you think?”
Said the fairy dryly, “I don’t think there’s a worse curse I could lay on you people than the existence you already lead.”
“What is that supposed to mean?” snapped the lady in vexation, “the Jones’s have a child with a curse, how am I to be content without one too?”
The fairy wore a mocking smile, “you continue to prove my point, madam.  But I won’t be cursing your wretched whelp with anything half so interesting as the golden touch.  I suppose I could destine her to prick her finger on a spindle and fall into a wakeless sleep, or even to die; it’s trite, but effective.”  She frowned, “but then there’s always the matter of some pesky prince showing up and ruining everything; I can’t abide a ‘happily ever after.’  No, I’ll leave things as they are, I’ll let you stew in your insipidness and go vainly about your pathetic lives, but I will not forget this and one day, I will have my revenge on the entire neighborhood.  It used to be an actually respectable part of the Kingdom, except maybe for that troll under the bridge, but I’d take him over any of your ilk, drat those goats!  At least he kept the riffraff out.”
The lady looked rather baffled after this expostulation and asked for clarification upon the most important point, at least to her thinking, “what exactly is a spindle?”
The fairy sighed heavily, and replied, “I suppose you’ve never actually had to do any sort of actual handicrafts?  Making your own dresses, spinning, sewing, that sort of thing?”
“Making dresses?” said the flummoxed lady, “I have never heard of anything so ridiculous!  Why, I just send a page down to a certain seamstress with precise instructions as to what I want and need, and her lad brings it over in a trice.  No fuss, no mess, just magic!  Or does she grow them?  Sewing indeed!  What nonsense!”
The fairy’s head was in her hands, though whether trying to hide her amusement or frustration this tale does not tell, sighed she at long last, “never mind madam, it matters not.”  And then she vanished.  The baffled couple exchanged a perplexed look and then went in to their guests with quite the story to tell.”

“That is utterly ridiculous!” gasped the journalist, as the fairy paused in her telling of the tale.
“I know,” sighed the fairy, thinking she had made her point at last, “such was the state of the world even then, and it has only grown worse since.”
“No!” said the offended man, “they could have been my parents!  What happened to the King and Queen?  The castle?  Who wants to hear a fairy tale set in the suburbs?”
“Apparently not you,” said the fairy darkly, but softening her tone, she said more graciously, “but then you can’t really help your upbringing I suppose and it explains much about your own lackluster tale.”  She glanced derisively at the cast off manuscript, “I suppose you can’t help that!  Now do you want to hear the rest of the tale or shall I call in a psychologist so you can work through your traumatic childhood first?”
“By all means, please continue,” said the man, who was now white as a ghost, though whether at the thought of displeasing this magically dangerous personage or at the very idea that he might need counseling, she did not know.  She smiled in a very pleased fashion, for either would suffice, and then continued:

“After the congratulations and socially enforced awe that attend the advent of a new baby in the family had subsided to a mere trickle, and as the lady’s trendy chicken fetish consumed more and more of her time, the child was relegated to the care of a person known only as ‘nurse.’  And as Nurse was a rather old and perpetually exhausted person, she required a great deal of sleep, which only increased as the child grew, thus the dear lady spent most of her waking hours dozing in a chair in the garden whilst her charge ran amuck amongst the ferns and hedgerows.  While her mother truly had picked out a Montessori, a husband, the names of her grandchildren, etc. before the girl was even born, the all-consuming pressure of trends and fashion soon turned her mind to other, more pressing concerns and her daughter’s brilliant future was quite soon forgotten therewith.
The disgruntled fairy had not forgotten her promise and watched the family with interest as the child grew, wondering if she could come up with a curse worse than the girl’s current reality.  However, the girl was not without allies, for this particular fairy had a sister, one with whom she was not on very good terms, for in the elder’s usually blunt way of expressing things, she summed up her younger sister as a quote, ‘goody two-shoes!’  The younger saw what the elder was plotting and felt the need to intervene on behalf of the child, though whether she was protecting the girl from her parents or her vengeful sister, or both, was yet to be seen.”

“This is actually becoming a little bit interesting,” said the man, whose complexion had returned to a somewhat more natural color, “do you not find it odd to speak of yourself in the third person?”
The fairy glared at him and he was suddenly pallid as milk once more, said she, “if you would please not interrupt, you will soon discover that the story becomes quite interesting indeed.  And a good storyteller has no difficulty in speaking in the third, fourth, or even fifth person!”
The man frowned, “the fifth person?”
“Only slightly more difficult to master than the fourth-and-a-half person,” said she with dancing eyes, causing his cheeks to redden in fury as he realized she was making fun of him rather than imparting the literary secrets of Faerie.  Ignoring his interest in the grammatical rules peculiar to immortals, she continued:

“The great horse whinnied nervously; the knight looked around in dread, wondering what could cause the usually unflappable animal such unease.  Such was its training that it did not flinch, even before dragons.  The friendly light of eventide suddenly became the black of a storm-wracked night and all the whispered noises of a sylvan twilight were now as a tomb.  A scornful female voice scoffed in the menacing gloom, “well hero?  What will come of you?  Will you live or die?  Will you ride upon my whims or shall the earth swallow you whole?”  
The man shuddered, but knew to his very soul that he could never serve such a vile mistress, said he as boldly as terror allowed, “do your worst, fell lady, but I shall never serve such as thee.”  The only answer was her mocking laughter as the ground upon which the horse stood suddenly became treacherous as that of mire or fen.  The horse screamed his terror but was soon silenced as they sank from the sight and knowledge of mortal men.”

“Certainly far more dramatic than my rendition,” said the man in approval, “but I still don’t see where a spindle fits into all of this?”
“You are utterly ruining my tale!” said she with another irritated glare, “and unless you want to finish the story as an amphibian, I would highly advise against further outbursts!”  He swallowed audibly, eliciting a menacing smile from the lady as she continued:

 “There had never been such a cheerful, skipping child as Kylee, who seemed more lark or sunbeam than daughter of men.  Her joy it was to sing and dance through the wooded vales in mist and shadow, to whisper with the flowers of the garden when they were aglow with the morning sun, and to share secrets with the little birds that trilled in the hedges.  Nor was she surprised to meet one day a creature as whimsical and joyous as herself, save this was a daughter of the fairies, rather than of the mortal race, but so alike were they in interest and temper that it mattered not.  So it was they traversed field and fen together, laughing with the brook and dancing in the mists of dawn, learning the language of violet and swallow.  Her parents would have been aghast to learn that she kept company with any fey creature, no matter how sweet of temper, but they took very little interest in her or her tales, and her nurse, when conscious, just assumed them to be the invention of a young and fanciful mind with too little interest in her own kind, but she could not contain this seemingly half-dryad creature without crushing her utterly or ruining a perfectly good nap, so Nurse allowed her to gad about as she would, thinking she would one day outgrow such nonsense.  But outgrow it she never would.
The years passed and this whimsical bud blossomed into a fanciful maiden who still kept her secret trysts with her sister of fairykind, but had learned the wisdom of keeping silent upon the matter with less discerning mortals.  Upon a misty morn of rose and gold, Kylee met the fairy lass amidst the dew soaked lilies, but the creature seemed apprehensive, a mood in which the girl had never before seen the irrepressibly blithe creature, said the fairy with trembling voice, “I bear dread tidings, my friend, but worse would it be if no one knew and nothing was done to prevent so great a tragedy.”  Kylee was at her side in a moment, urging her to speak what she would, for it must be grim indeed to so upset a creature that might have been mirth incarnate.  Continued she, “my sister, whose nature is quite contrary to my own, has used her magic to coerce and entrap any number of men, warriors all, that they may do naught but her will, this to spare their lives.  She intends to loose these vile slaves upon all the folk hereabouts, to rid the countryside of mortal men and to restore order and dignity to the neighborhood, at least as she defines it.”
Kylee gasped, “can nothing be done?”
The fairy said grimly, “there is a chance but the cost is great.”
Kylee’s fear turned suddenly to a grim resolve, “speak dear friend, I will pay what price I must, if I can avail my folk.”
The fairy swallowed a sob, but continued, “my sister has captured a number of knights, unwilling to do her will, in the process of acquiring those of a more vile or fickle nature that she has enslaved, these objectors may perhaps oppose her fell minions if they can be wakened from the sleep that lies heavy upon them.  But to break the enchantment, one must be found who is willing to endure endless sleep that these others might waken.”
Kylee nodded sadly, “I will try, what must I do?”  The fairy flung herself into her friend’s arms and wept as if her heart would break, but after she had cried herself into relative acceptance, she told the girl all that must be done.”

“Truly pathetic!” said the man, unable to resist, even with the threat of a rather soggy future hanging over his head.
“I know,” sighed the fairy, who did not seem at that moment intent on carrying out her promise, “but what do you expect from two such sappy heroines?  But even so,” she smirked at him in anticipation, before continuing, “no matter how saccharine or cavity inducing they might be, they are worlds better than your one dimensional characters!”
Said the now miffed man, not thrown off in the least by this venture into the realm of mathematics so soon after their grammatical discursion, “you say my characters have no more personality or interest than a dot, a single point in the space-time continuum?”
“Precisely,” said she in quiet triumph, “now on with my tale:

It was rather a dreadful trick, though quite ingenious, or so thought the Fairy of Blackfen, and at last she would have her revenge, one way or another, on those who had insulted her so long ago.  If the girl were as insipid as her parents, she would be destroyed along with all her folk, but if she somehow managed to remain untainted by their futility and vanity, she would soon find herself napping until Time itself failed utterly.  She drew back into the shadows and watched in eager anticipation what was to come.  The most delicious part of the whole scheme was that her pansy of a sister thought she could use the girl to subvert her plans, when either outcome was just as satisfactory to the Fairy of Blackfen, though on second thought, the idea of the girl thinking to sacrifice herself on behalf of those who could not even comprehend such a scheme and wouldn’t care about it if they could, was rather delightful.”

“You can’t gloat in the third person,” sulked the man.
“I can do whatever I want,” said she, “I am the omniscient narrator!  That includes turning you into a frog, by the way!”
He shuddered involuntarily, “I thought you were a Reformed Evil Fairy.”
“Only a Mostly Reformed Evil Fairy,” said she, savoring his discomfiture, “it is a process after all:

On the far side of the woods lay a wild land of moor and fen, amidst those forgotten hills was a cavern in which the knights slept as men in their tombs.  Kylee set out immediately for that lonely heathland as the fairy vanished to distract her sister, that she might not know of this threat to her plan until it was too late, little knowing her sister’s true intentions.  The journey was uneventfully made and as night was falling, Kylee found herself upon a stony hillside beneath a sky of lowering grey clouds.  An archway of stone stood black and ominous before her, like the mouth of death.  She took a deep breath and marched into the doorway.  There was a slight glow in the otherwise gloomy cavern, for some sort of luminous fungus thrived therein.  Upon each side lay a row of stone biers and upon each lay an unmoving knight, sword upon his breast, as one interred.  She hastened to the far end of the seeming tomb where lay an empty stone bier, around which had coiled a thorny vine that bore spines, long and sharp as needles, and black roses, which stank of death and decay.  As she crawled atop the bier, she pricked her finger upon one of the thorns, a single drop of blood fell atop the stony bed as the girl immediately fell into darkness.  
A light glimmered in the doorway as the fairy entered to see what had come of her friend.  The girl lay unmoving, pale as marble and cold as stone, upon her bier while all about the cavern, the sound of waking men and clinking armor filled the air.  The fairy’s light and courage blazed forth as she called the groggy knights to arms and told them of all that had come to pass and what was yet to come.  As one, they gazed upon the sleeping form of the maiden with pity and wonder, vowing to waken her in turn once the grim fairy’s minions were routed.  They emerged from the cave and found their horses inexplicably waiting and eager upon the hillside.  Once they were mounted, the fairy’s light engulfed them all, and they vanished, leaving the hillside to its lonely vigil, save that the great thorny rose encircling the girl’s bier grew to such vastness that it quickly covered the entire hill and filled the cavern in which she lay.  Any who dared approach the sleeping figure would soon find themselves likewise enchanted by the merest scratch from those countless, terrible thorns.
The vile fairy unleashed her minions at full dark and intended none of her neighbors to see the morning, but her sister knew of her plans and sent her own knights to counter the plot.  The fighting was fierce but the wakened knights were victorious and the grim fairy overthrown.  The triumphant knights and their pixie captain surrounded the fell creature, who wore a look of haughty triumph even in defeat, scoffed she, “well met sister!  A victory indeed, I did not think you had it in you, but what has it cost your dear little friend?  She will never waken as long as the hills endure!  You have salvaged the lives of those hereabouts but at what cost?”  Her scornful laughter seemed to mock the rising dawn itself before she vanished into the whelming mist.  
“What will come of her?” asked one of the Knights of the remaining fairy.
She shook her head and said, “she will likely get up to more mischief one day, but for now these folk might dwell in relative peace and safety.”
Asked another Knight, “what of the sleeping maid?  Did the fell lady speak truly of her fate?”
The fairy said sadly, “she paid the price willingly and without hesitation.  But great is the price to free her from the enchantment; I do not know if any would be willing to endure the cost, so she will likely sleep on until the world itself has passed into legend.”
“What then is the price?” asked the first Knight.
Said she, “one must journey to the far, distant hills that rim the very edge of the world.  There grows a flower that is said to cure even death itself, but the price to pick them is great.  The hand that plucks them must then cross the hills and leave the world forever behind.  What lies beyond, none knows, but that is the price.”
There was much murmuring amongst the Knights, for they had not reckoned on such a cost.  They had thought to fight monsters or fell men, to make a great journey and bold vows, but in the end to return triumphant.  But this?  To make the effort and never see the result; to strive and never return more?  The cost was too great, the price too dear.  One by one, they turned away with many fine words and much regret; the fairy wretchedly watched them go, but knew it better that they never attempt the journey than to have their hearts and courage fail at the last.  All the men of renown and valor abandoned her that day, but the least of them all, a mere page, remained behind.  She eyed the boy with grim hope, “and would you risk this thing when all your elders will not?”
The boy shrugged, “if none else will, that leaves only me.  I will go.”  He frowned, “how then are these flowers to reach the imperiled lady if I am not to return?”
Laughed she for very joy, “I will accompany you and bear them back to she that sleeps.”
The boy nodded grimly, “then we had best be on our way.”  She laughed in relief and joy as the boy mounted his horse and they set forth into the dawning.  As they traveled, asked he, “could you not pluck these flowers to save your friend?”
She looked sadly upon the boy and shook her head gravely, “nay, for my kind is not allowed beyond the confines of this world, only mortal man has that doom and that joy.”  The boy nodded, but seemed perplexed by her words, but there was naught she could say to enlighten him, for it was just the way matters stood and was perhaps beyond mortal comprehension.
She could not harvest the flowers herself, but she could certainly help the boy in other ways and much did she ease the tedium and difficulty of travel with her magical talents and pleasant company, until at last, after a rather uneventful and relatively agreeable journey, they arrived upon the hills that bordered the verge of the world.  It was an enchanting land of rolling hills, wide meadows, laughing brooks, and bright woodlands, but to the East there was no horizon of boundless blue sky, but rather a perpetual mist that seemed ever radiant with the new risen sun.  Said she, “thence must you go once you have plucked the flowers.”
He studied the mist and some part deep within yearned above all else to discover its secrets.  He smiled at her tremulously, “and where grow these wondrous plants?”  
She smiled and pointed to the mist, “in the very vapor of the mist do they abide.”  They walked slowly towards the verge and a wondrous scent filled the air.
He sighed with great eagerness, “they smell sweeter than life itself!”
“Aye,” said she, “and so will they drive away even the shadows of death.  But come, the time is at hand.  Does your courage fail you, even now?”
Laughed he for very joy, “nay lady, I long to plunge in and see what waits Beyond, if this is the mere border, what must lie at the heart?”


