

A SPELL, A PRAYER, & A WISH

Copyright © 2015 by Parker Hennegan

All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, distributed, or transmitted in any form or by any means, including photocopying, recording, or other electronic or mechanical methods, without the prior written permission of the publisher, except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical reviews and certain other noncommercial uses permitted by copyright law. For permission requests, write to the author at the email address below.

parkerhennegan@gmail.com

Printed in the United States of America
First Edition, 2015

ISBN: 9781310358746
ISBN-13: 978-1508590040
ISBN-10: 1508590044

THE END OF FATE

A SPELL, A PRAYER, & A WISH
PREQUEL

PARKER HENNEGAN

PREQUEL | A SPELL, A PRAYER, & A WISH

It is 4993 B.C.E., in a valley called Mesopotamia…

“Making him look weaker does not make you look any stronger—not to anyone else. Instead, it makes you seem lost inside. Are you?”
Marwan blinked slowly, deliberately, and crossed his arms. He sighed and wanted to say, no, but couldn’t seem to vocalize the word. He sighed again and looked at his mother, wishing she would hurry up with her lecture.
“You need to treat Tyre better, even if he doesn’t have the same respect for you. Everybody sees how big you are and knows you’re strong. Everybody knows how good you are at throwing the copper knives. Your physical appearance is obvious without you having to say a thing. But humiliating Tyre makes you look weak. Since you’re the bigger person physically—and, I hope, mentally—you need to start acting like it. I hope someday you find the kindness and gentleness I see in your soul,” Marwan’s mother, Maji, said in a gentle tone.
Marwan replied, “Ma, he can just be so arrogant, untrustworthy, wasteful and sometimes I think he’s barely fit for life in our gracious land. If it were up to him, he would destroy everything in his path and leave burnt fields in his wake.”
Maji never turned her gaze as she narrowed her eyes at her son and said, “To me, you sound like the arrogant one. If you are to be ensi someday when your father travels to the Afterlife, you should know that it’s not up to you to find good people and champion them, but to find the good in all people and champion that. Tyre’s a soul in human form like the rest of us and he’s here for a reason.”
“Ma, his soul is rotten. He’s a bad person, pure and simple.”
“Nonsense. There is no such thing as pure anything unless you take into account the entire Universe as a singular thing. Tyre is not bad, Marwan. He just has a lack of love in his life—but there is still love deep inside him, even if it is hidden away from the world. Love exists everywhere, in all things, even if your perception can’t tune in to it. You have it in you to be more aware of this fundamental aspect of the Universe—I can see it in you—even if you can’t find it in yourself right now.
“Enough of my lecture. You have things to do before I leave. These water jugs need to be filled. Unless you’re not going to be thirsty tomorrow?”
Marwan was glad the lecture was over and started to say, “Okay…”
But Maji just kept talking as though she had more to say and not enough time to say it. “And make sure to give thanks to the river as you are filling the vessels. Also, please remember to bring water while I’m gone, too. At seventeen years of age, you are far too old to have your mother reminding you of everything. You’ll need to take care of a woman someday and most people your age have already found a partner.”
Marwan rolled his eyes and awkwardly, nervously, grinned for a moment. Then he turned serious and earnestly said, “I want to find a woman who captures my heart the way you captured father’s. You two have a love—a connection—that no other couple has. It is truly something special. As your son, I know it. People in the village speak about it. I hope someday I find the perfect someone waiting for me out there.” Marwan pointed at the wall like he was gesturing outside.
Then Marwan grinned again and playfully said, “Aren’t you the one who told me that time and space aren’t an issue as long as I’m in the right time and the right place?”
Marwan cocked his head like a know-it-all, while Maji arched her left eyebrow and spied him like a detective, but in a loving way only a mother could.
She said, “Go get water and while you’re at it, think about how the river is in many places at once and yet all places are the right places and the right times. You have to want to find love, Marwan, instead of being so distracted with always being right and strong. I don’t want my young man to grow up into a hardheaded ensi.
“The ‘right place’ and ‘right time’ are the real moments of life—they are the moments when you first visualize an idea or experience. This reality comes before you start trying to think so hard about it. All your smart ideas just muddy up the clarity.”
Marwan said, “Okay. I think I’ve heard enough lessons for the day—no, actually I’ve heard enough to last me forever. I’ll see you later, Ma.”
Maji was the one who rolled her eyes this time as Marwan left their clay brick abode with two large, copper water jugs, one in either hand. Marwan’s family was part of an old tradition that stretched back as far as anyone could remember. There in Mesopotamia, many tribes had gathered their resources together for economic and military benefits. There had been talk for many years about unifying the tribes with some sort of central government, but for now, each tribe still had their own priest-leader, called an ensi, and they each practiced their own customs. As far back in time as anyone could remember or any story was told, this was the first and largest village ever.
These days, Marwan’s tribe, the Sumerians, and the other tribes in the valley were mostly a peaceful farming and fishing community. The wonder of such large-scale cooperation between the people living together in the valley was truly spectacular and prosperous enough for everyone to want to further a peaceful existence together.
When Marwan was just a baby, there had been one small battle between his village and a neighboring tribe, the Akkadians, but miraculously Marwan’s mother was able to secure peace between the two with her wise, diplomatic words. Captives were exchanged and there had been no skirmishes since. And for all of Marwan’s memory, they had maintained peace. In fact, the Akkadians had recently settled nearby to Marwan’s village and there was talk that they would now peacefully join the community as well. These were good, prosperous years in Mesopotamia.
While many of the tribes in the village had workers to help with their ensi’s daily and mundane tasks, Marwan’s family insisted on doing their own chores. Marwan’s father, who was referred to as Ensi Pa, declared that his tribe would follow the natural order, or ‘the way’, of life above all else. Pa claimed that the daily tasks were to be celebrated and not to be looked down upon. They were a reminder of the stewardship each and every human being had with the Earth. Without complaining, Marwan brought his family’s water from the river every few days or so. He actually enjoyed doing so as he prided himself on being one of the strongest men in the tribe, and even in the entire valley. He always carried large copper jugs that he had made himself years ago when learning the art of copper smelting from Pa.
While walking to the river, Marwan’s thoughts drifted as he pondered life and love. Marwan was told that many of his fellow Sumerians had come to Earth from a world far away in the Orion constellation. They were souls reincarnated on a mission to help propel the Earth’s creative, synergistic energies through a transformation. Pa had explained that it was like a phase transition for the entire Earth, as though the planet was being reborn. Human beings were a key element to this transition.
Marwan was told that one of a few reasons the Orion soul group had decided to incarnate here were because Earth was also the home of a different, primitive soul group called the Reptilians. They had found the Earth thousands and thousands of years ago, bringing selfish and destructive energies to the planet. However, now was a critical time when selfless and constructive energies were needed. If the Reptilians proliferated, the new phase transition might never be realized and Earth could be lost from a living planet to a cold rock.
Besides the Orion and Reptilian souls, there were other soul groups incarnating on Earth—as well as a particular soul group that was entirely native to the planet. The souls native to the Earth were specially attuned to creativity, yet young and innocent—like Marwan—and required a bit of help at this time period against the Reptilians in order to achieve the energy frequencies they were destined for.
Marwan remembered that once, while working together under the light of a bright, hot sun a handful of years back as he stood smelting copper from rock, Pa had told him that he was not a soul from Orion, but rather a unique, native soul from Earth. He was to rejoice in the strength and individuality that he possessed, distinct from any other Orion soul. Sometimes, Marwan felt like he had something to prove to his family, since he was the only one of them that was a native Earth soul throughout all his lifetimes.
Marwan looked down at the empty water jugs he was carrying and lifted them above his head in a silent demonstration to himself that he was strong. He was proud to be a coppersmith like his father, learning the sacred knowledge that few knew. Marwan hoped he would be a great ensi someday too. He saw the familiar trees up ahead that signaled to him he was close to the river. Another minute more and he would be saying the prayers of gratitude as he lifted the clear water from its natural source.
Not to Marwan’s surprise, his sister Benyamina was at the river already. Marwan always went to the same spot to collect water; it had been the spot where many of his and Benyamina’s childhood memories were made, playing and splashing in the pureness of the river with friends.
She was sitting on the edge of a small boulder, dangling her feet below the crystalline surface and watching the sun begin to set over the horizon. The slant of the sun’s rays bounced off the waters, making it appear like a wavy mirror reflecting all that grew along its banks. As Marwan looked at his only sibling, he swore he could see a golden hue around her, as though the sun was shining on her and making her glow. He could tell she would someday be a medicine woman and healer like their ma.
“Benny!” Marwan called to her from a dozen or so yards away. She turned her head and looked at him with a peaceful smile on her face. She waved and then turned to face the river again as Marwan approached.
When he was only a few feet away, she turned and said, “I just love the water. Every time I put my feet into the river—in the same spot—it is changed water and a new magic to behold. I could swim in this same spot like we did a million times as children, and each time it feels a little different.
“And the golden rays of the sun are filled with warmth that comes and goes on the water. It makes me wonder if our souls are not like the river and the time in the day like the rays of the sun?
“I was just thinking the same thing.” Marwan crinkled his brow and smiled at the same time.
He continued, “Well, I mean about souls in general—and the different worlds our parents say we are all from.”
Benyamina said, “You wonder about traveling from one place to another place often, brother. But what I mean is one place or another traveling through us—right here, right now. Maybe the soul is like the water in this river and the river itself is like the body. From afar, the body looks like it is staying the same while in reality the new water, or energies of the soul, are constantly flowing through it and refreshing every moment—in the same places. Maybe the soul is not static in any way, but fluid. Maybe it’s not substance but a process, a flowing spring of this and that like the current.”
“That sounds deep—no pun intended.” Marwan grinned as he knelt down to the river to fill the jugs.
Benyamina grinned too and kicked her feet in the golden water, splashing a little. She sat and gazed upon the river while Marwan started to fill the water jugs. He began to recite the simple prayer of gratitude for the river’s water.

“The path that I take is one of thanks
To follow you, river, and kneel at your banks
With life you bestow, infinite and whole
A strength you provide resides in my soul”

Benyamina joined in the prayer that they both had learned as small children. Their voices harmonized and lifted their spirits up as the dusk of the evening crept over the land.

“Each drop holds a spirit of force I respect
Entangled as one even when separate
I bless this purity with love and allow it to nourish
Connected through Earth and together we flourish”

When Marwan was done filling the jugs with water, they stopped reciting and each took a deep breath of peace. Marwan looked at the sun as its last golden, fiery brightness dipped below the horizon. Marwan felt content and safe as he stood there at the riverbank. He remembered the talking-to he had gotten earlier about Trye and decided to bring it up to Benyamina.
“This afternoon, I was at the main game spot in the center of the village.”
Benyamina replied, “Were you practicing throwing the copper knives?”
“Yes, I had just finished practicing for the day. And I must say, I did pretty good—always on target.” Marwan stood up tall and puffed out his chest a little. He thought of himself as a skilled warrior, even if he had never faced a real battle yet.
Then he rolled his eyes at himself, exhaled and let down his guard. He remembered who he was talking to. He wasn’t hiding anything from his sister and didn’t want to look more foolish than he probably already did. Benyamina smiled slightly as though she knew what he was thinking and sat waiting for the story that was to ensue.
“Well, anyway, I saw a couple kids trying to read some of the merchant symbols that the traders use. They were drawing them in the dirt in different orders, in a succession and joining the meanings together in new ways. It was actually very interesting and creative. For instance, they drew the fishermen’s symbol and after it drew the rope-maker’s symbol—who, you know, actually makes some nets for fishing. Then they would laugh and say to each other ‘fishing nets.’ It made sense in an odd way.
“But then here comes Trye, done with playing a game of ball he had probably just lost or been ejected from. He walked up to the kids and started to scold them for wasting their time drawing in the dirt. He was just being a bully, as usual. I can’t stand bullying so I motioned to Darius…”
Benyamina interrupted, “Is Darius that fisherman’s son from the Sharrukin tribe that you just met a couple weeks ago?”
“Yes. He’s a nice guy and looks up to me. I knew he would do what I suggested without being loud about it.”
Then Marwan frowned and looked down. He said, “Maybe I feel bad now for getting him involved with Tyre. But, well, that’s not my point.
“Anyway, I motioned for Darius to go behind Tyre and get down on his hands and knees like a bench just behind him, which he did. Then I walked up to Tyre and said something like, ‘Mind your own business, loser.’ I pushed him backwards and his little, skinny body fell backwards, right over Darius.”
Marwan chuckled nervously and looked at Benyamina. She was not smiling but kept a straight face.
Marwan continued, “He hit his head in the dirt and was obviously embarrassed. I felt pretty good about knocking him over—you know, teaching the bully a lesson—but you know how news travels around here. By the time I got home, somehow Ma had already heard about it and scolded me. She didn’t think it was the right thing to do.”
Thoughtfully, Marwan said, “The kids around laughed, but I did notice some of the young guys across the way look at me suspiciously. But I was just trying to be the good guy and stick up for the innocent kids.”
Marwan looked at his sister straight in her eyes and asked, “What do you think, Benny?”
Benyamina looked over where the sun had been minutes before but now had been replaced with pink and orange hues lighting up the fluffy clouds overhead. It wasn’t completely dark yet, but it would be pretty soon.
“It’s too bad the sun’s rays of warmth aren’t still shining, Marwan. You could use some of that golden power to warm your heart and leave those cold thoughts behind.” Benyamina turned her gaze toward the bright hues reflected by the river.
Marwan protested, “But what about those kids? If I just stood there and did nothing, they would have been victimized more—and probably again. Maybe Tyre will think twice before picking on some kids again.” Marwan folded his arms in front of him as though he’d just made a great point.
“There were infinite ways to respond to the situation, Marwan. Remember that old saying, ‘Two wrongs don’t make a right?’ You could have responded with love towards the kids or thought of something clever and imaginative to say to Tyre; I know you could have. Instead, you amplified the negative energy of Tyre by responding the way you did—and violently, at that. You reinforced that being violent is the way to accomplish a means to an end in Tyre’s mind, and suggested that same notion, albeit unconsciously, to the boys you were defending. Forgiveness would have been a better start and love would have been a better approach.
“Also, don’t forget that what you send out comes back to you threefold. That is the karmic cycle until you remember how to forgive and remove yourself from the endless spinning of the wheels you continue to roll along your life’s path.”
“How did you get so smart, Benny? If anyone heard you talk like that, they would think you were as old as mother instead of a year younger than me. Am I the dense one because I’m the only family soul from Earth, instead of Orion’s Belt like all of you?”
Benyamina said, “When a small chick is ready to hatch from its egg, it will do so at the perfect time, not a moment too soon or a moment too late. You are simply waiting for your chance to hatch, Marwan. We souls from Orion have come here to help assist the hatching of millions and eventually billions of souls on this wonderful green and blue planet. I just hope we can remember who we are when the real battle starts thousands of years from now, and our memories get all murky.”
Marwan was now staring at the river, too. The light had vanished now. He said, “So I’m just a hatching chicken. Great. I wish I knew what my purpose in life was.”
Benyamina smiled but didn’t say anything. They stood there in silence for a few minutes longer until Marwan reluctantly said, “Well, I should be getting back home with the water.” Marwan picked up the jugs.
Benyamina replied, “I’m going to stay behind, to be alone with my thoughts for a few minutes longer. The moonlight on the water is as beautiful as the sun’s rays.”
They said their good-byes and soon Marwan was walking the dusty path back home. After a few minutes, the river was out of sight and the darkness of the night was taking over.
Marwan had been lost in thoughts of his own when suddenly the hairs on his neck seemed to stand up. He had the feeling someone was watching him and he nervously glanced from side to side, looking for a prowler. Nobody was in sight but unconsciously he started walking a little quicker. Marwan was well built and wasn’t really afraid of any one person, but the darkness always made him a little uneasy.
After taking a dozen or two steps and not being able to shake the feeling, Marwan stopped and turned around to face behind him. He could now see the whites of a pair of eyes looking at him from a handful of yards away. They looked like they were almost glowing in the blackness of the night.
Marwan called out, “Who goes there? Show yourself to me!” He set the jugs down and started to mentally prepare for a fight.
The intruder walked a little closer before deciding to announce herself. She seemed to shuffle her feet in the dirt as she walked and Marwan could tell almost immediately that it was a reluctant walk; perhaps the intruder had been following but wanted to remain unseen.
“Don’t worry, Marwan. It is only me, Kübra. I was just taking a walk in this crisp evening air.”
“Kübra? I didn’t expect to see you; you startled me. Did you need to speak with me about something—does Án send for me?”
Kübra answered, “Oh, no, no he doesn’t. I really didn’t know you were out here, too; I thought I could walk alone for a minute. But here we are, so we may as well walk together.”
Marwan was cordial with Kübra, who was Án’s apprentice and rumored partner. Marwan liked Kübra even though he didn’t really know her that well. She was always nice to Marwan and always said the right thing at the right time.
Kübra was an immigrant from the Dur tribe and had just moved to the village a year ago, right after Án had gone to visit his mother’s relatives. Kübra had told Marwan she always wanted to live in the famed communities of Mesopotamia. Án’s mother was a medicine woman, also from the Dur tribe, who married into the Sumerian tribe. Marwan figured Kübra was attracted to Án because of their shared heritage, but he could tell she was mostly enthralled with the enormous village the tribes were creating in the Mesopotamia valley.
Án was supposedly a medicine man, kind of like Marwan’s mother. Marwan knew he was important to his fellow Sumerians because of his so-called natural born intuitive skills. He was next in line to be ensi if anything ever happened to Pa or Maji. Apparently, his gift was helping people find insight into themselves and what they wanted out of life. Marwan was skeptical, however, and was never comfortable that Án was next in line to be ensi.
The Sumerian customs dictated that an ensi had to be at least eighteen years of age so if anything happened to Pa or Maji during the next year, Án would be temporary ensi until Marwan was of age. Marwan thought that whereas Kübra always said the right thing at the right time, Án always said the wrong thing at the wrong time.
Marwan didn’t like Án in the slightest. It seemed like Án always had something to say to him and Marwan didn’t want to hear his opinions on everything. Án could never let Marwan just do what he wanted and Marwan figured it was because Án was jealous that Marwan would be ensi someday while Án would always just be second best. In fact, Marwan hated being around Án—but at least Kübra was nice.
After Kübra caught up with Marwan and they started walking together, Marwan amiably said, “I’m heading back to my home with the water jugs. I don’t mind the company.”
“Oh, good. I don’t think we see enough of each other anyway, Marwan.” Kübra proceeded to walk with Marwan for a short distance, making small talk along the way. She complimented him on how strong he was getting as he was growing up.
After a short pause in the conversation, Kübra said, “So Ensi Pa’s wife, Maji, is going away for a week’s time, leaving tomorrow?”
“My ma, you mean? —Yes, she will be gone for a short time to give counsel to the Akkadian tribe on the west side of the valley. Why?”
“Oh, I just heard about it and thought the travel sounded interesting. Being Ensi Pa’s wife and all—that must be very tiring work for such a beautiful woman. She should feel lucky to be so beautiful. Only few are gifted with her amazing, natural looks. If I had her features, I would…well, never mind. She’s quite the character, though…” Kübra paused and cleared her throat.
She continued, “People say she’s a wise woman, don’t they?”
“Yeah, people say that. Although, sometimes it seems like she knows too much.” Marwan half-grinned, half-smirked as he thought about the lecture he’d gotten regarding Tyre earlier. Kübra remained silent as though she was hoping Marwan would tell her more. But Marwan decided not to say anything further; he didn’t feel like rehashing the incident about Tyre with Kübra. Marwan had talked enough about Tyre for the day.
After a few moments had passed, Kübra spoke again. “You know, if Án were the ensi instead of your father, I would be the one making that trip tomorrow, wouldn’t I? Oh, but better Maji than me. Good for you and your family.”
Then Kübra turned and looked directly at Marwan. “He wishes that he had a chance to be ensi. He tells me things like that. He’s a great merchant, too, not just a medicine man. He would bring economic prosperity to all of the Sumerians.”
Marwan decided not to answer and kept quiet. His temperature was warming and he was becoming angry inside. Just one more year left and I don’t have to worry about him anymore, Marwan thought. But he didn’t want to insult Kübra by lashing out at Án. Luckily, his home was near and he would be there soon. He was hoping that Kübra wouldn’t want to come inside; he had already heard enough about Án and what Án wanted.
“My home is just ahead,” Marwan finally said, with irritation in his voice.
“And so it is. It has been my pleasure talking with you, Marwan. I’ll be seeing you.” Kübra smiled courteously and walked away.
Marwan was very happy to be back inside the peace of his home. Maji was there and had prepared a meal while he was gone. Benyamina soon returned as well, but Pa would not be coming home until late. Maji had said that Pa told her he would be talking with elders of their tribe by firelight about important matters until late that night.
Marwan fell asleep that night while staring at his dreamcatcher, swinging slightly above his head. Even in the dark, it was oddly striking, hanging there, gently swaying in the fresh air wafting through the home. Maji had made it for him when he was very young and he never slept without it. He had never had a nightmare since she made it, and he knew it brought him luck and foresight. Sometimes, he would wake up in the morning with a solution to a problem he had had the day before. Maji said it was the magic of the dreamcatcher and the wisdom of Marwan’s soul traveling through the Spirit World while he slept.
While he slept that night, he had a vivid dream…

*     *     *

Marwan dreamed that he was sitting next to a campfire, across from someone—a woman. He couldn’t make out her face, and couldn’t see who she was, but he could see two glowing, green eyes behind the fire’s light. Marwan was asking her a question like they knew each other.
“What is my purpose in this life—can I know?
The mysterious figure replied, “Listen, many things exist at once. Time moves differently than you think right now. Your purpose in life has both happened and has yet to happen. Your purpose manifests in many different ways, yet there will only be one composite outcome. Your purpose consists of life, first and foremost. Yet within life there is death, love, war, family, friends and enemies, which all appear in order to make each and every dream, premonition, realization or nightmare of yours become true.”
Marwan could hear what she was saying but her voice sounded far away, further than it should be just being on the other side of a campfire. It was hard for him to really focus on what she was saying.
She continued, “I am particularly fond of you, Marwan. For you are baby Rowan, the soul I am in love with. Rowan is who you became when you grew up and who you will become once you grow up. Right now, your soul has experienced much over many lifetimes and is at the end of a long journey. You are about to go through a transition and transform. Once this transformation is complete, you will embark upon a path that will consciously thrust you into the simultaneous aspects of this Universe and the One Experience in ways never before experienced by a native soul on your planet Earth.
“In order for you to understand your purpose—your dream—you need to understand that the reality of our One Experience is a puzzle made from dream-pieces emanated by all the spirits of this Universe. The intersections of the dream-pieces fit together like a multi-dimensional riddle. To me, the dream-pieces—known as souls—are more like a dialetheistic existence of seemingly contrasting destinies, which somehow both contradict and coexist perfectly with one another. I like to call this the Great Compromise.
“In some ways, the Great Compromise is not an actual compromise at all, but an overlapping of glorious individualities. It doesn’t make sense when described in a linear or mechanized worldview, where 2 + 2 = 4. In fact, it doesn’t make sense at all. You can’t understand it even if you were the smartest person to ever live. It is not logical. It is amazing; it is love. It is feeling something new for the first time and not understanding it. It doesn’t have a beginning or an end—it is always. It is All-That-Is and it is the Great Compromise.”
Marwan watched the fire crackle in front of him as he pondered what the woman had said. He felt a vague attraction to her, not unlike her elusive-sounding voice or invisible figure, and wondered what she meant exactly by saying she loved Rowan, a supposed future version of himself.
Marwan asked, “Who are you?”
The woman said something but Marwan just couldn’t understand what she said. Her voice sounded too muffled. Then Marwan realized he was dreaming. But somehow he felt like he wasn’t dreaming. He felt like he was transported to some other place, a Spirit World.
Marwan said, “I don’t really understand what you mean about my purpose and the dream-pieces and how it all relates to me.”
The figure said, “It is not up to you to understand. But it is up to you to feel. Love is the feeling that provides the intellect all the answers to any questions.
“Mankind’s intellect was evolved to be just a tool to use, like eyes or nose or ears. Yet, you place so much value on that single tool, even when you are gifted with the sense of feeling, intuiting and greatest of all, experiencing. Experiencing love is the greatest end to any path or answer to any question. Feeling is a direct conduit for you to manifest The Way and tap into the Great Mystery in methods your brain can never imagine. Only the scarcest of men are wise enough to know they are fools. And these wise fools know they will never truly understand.”
Marwan asked, “Well, how can I become this Rowan person that you love?”
“You have been gaining bits and pieces of many energies while letting go or losing pieces of your original energy and your soul is about to undergo a phase transition. This phase transition is akin to water becoming steam, or ice melting into water. When the right conditions are met, the soul transforms into a new soul, like molten lava from rock or a butterfly from a cocoon.
“Once you pass from this mortal world, as your last life as Marwan, your soul will transform into someone new—Rowan. This is your destiny, the end to your fate.”

*     *     *

Marwan suddenly awoke to his father standing directly in front of his bed, staring at him. Marwan was startled and wide-eyed, although still half-asleep. He could tell it was morning, but before Marwan had a chance to gather his wits about him or say anything, Pa spoke.
“I heard about what happened with you and Tyre yesterday. I’m very disappointed. I expect you to visit him today and apologize for your actions. I expect you will sincerely ask for his forgiveness. A future ensi should not act in such a childish manner. Do you understand?” Pa’s words were very stern and he made no attempt at sugarcoating his emotion.
Marwan stammered, “I was just…just sticking up for…”
Pa interrupted, “I know exactly what happened. One of the boys’ fathers told the tale to me. No one is proud of what you did. Do not make excuses for your misguided actions.”
“I couldn’t just stand by and do nothing…”
“Enough. You’re a good young man, Marwan, and good men never do ‘nothing’. The something that you did is what’s in question. This is the last I want to hear of this.” Pa looked away for a moment and then turned back to face Marwan again.
“Good morning, by the way.” Without waiting for a reply, Pa simply turned around and sternly walked out of Marwan’s room, straight-faced.
Marwan sunk back in bed. What am I supposed to say to Tyre? I can’t believe this. He lay frozen in bed a moment longer before taking a deep breath and getting up to face the day. He remembered his mother was leaving on her journey soon and he wanted to help her secure her bags to the cart, and tie the cart to the two oxen that would be pulling her to the Akkadian tribe.
Then Marwan remembered his dream from the night before. It seemed to pale in importance to the task of apologizing and the immediacy of his mother leaving. Any contemplation of it or finding any meaning behind it would have to wait for now.
A few minutes later, Marwan had splashed some water on his face, donned his clothes and was walking out the front door to find Maji putting something in a side pack on one of the oxen. Pa was next to her, saying something, but paused when Marwan appeared. Both parents looked over at him and Marwan stopped in his tracks. He still felt a little uncomfortable after the stark, abrupt waking-up he had received from his father.
“Hi, Ma,” Marwan called out awkwardly.
Obligatorily, he hastily included, “And, hi, Pa.” Marwan did a small head nod as if to confirm that what he was saying was sincere.
“Can I help pack?” Marwan stood up straight and walked over to them.
“Pa has already seen to it that I am set and ready to go.” Maji turned to Pa and smiled warmly.
Pa said, “I’ll miss you, Maji. Do be safe and accomplish much. Tell the Akkadian tribe how cooperation can increase prosperity. Tell them the stories of our ancestors and how we came to be in this fertile valley. Explain the synergies of working together and collaboration in all areas of life.”
Pa then turned to Marwan and said, “The more people that move to the valley mean the more people who will work the land and contribute to the betterment of us all. The more people who work for our betterment will mean the sparking of new ideas for doing things and facing challenges more efficiently. The more people who contribute to the creativity of the village mean a better world for us all, Marwan.”
Pa then pointed to the wheels on the cart. “Like these. The wheel is a great invention. Because we all use wheels, there are people in this very village that figured out the best wood to use for them, as well as a good size so they are not too big or too small.
“It was my father—your grandfather—who realized we could wrap the wood in leather for a more suitable cart or wagon wheel. The development of the copper nails that hold the leather in place was the result of many, many generations’ knowledge. As you know, the knowledge of how to smelt copper is very important for many things, including these very wheels. With these wheels we can travel further, faster and carry more things to the places we go.”
Marwan nodded in understanding. He said, “I get it. Everyone helps everyone figure out things better and know more stuff.”
Pa said, “It’s not exactly that. Because enough people have come together here in this village, there are people who only make wheels for the people who only make carts. Your friend Darius’ family specializes in fishing while we specialize in making copper. This specializing of work allows us all to be much more productive than if one or two families had to do everything and know everything.”
Maji turned to Marwan and said, “Give me a hug. I must be off. The sooner I get there, the sooner I’ll be back to my dear family.”
Marwan looked around and said, “Where’s Benyamina?”
Maji said, “I talked with her already this morning. She left for the river almost an hour ago.”
“Again? Wow, she really loves the water.” Marwan chuckled as he leaned in to hug his mother good-bye. A few short days wouldn’t last forever and all was expected to be well with her travels—they’d always gone fine in the past. Everybody in the Akkadian tribe knew who she was and would pay her kind respects.
After some more brief conversation regarding departure, Maji left. Marwan watched her cart being pulled away by the oxen. He thought about the wheels and watched as they rolled along the ground. They were perfectly round and great care had been taken to make them that way. Square holes had been cut out of the center of the wheels so that the axle could be put through and would fit perfectly snug. Everything was a perfect fit. He hypnotically watched the wheels and the axle spin in unison.
Marwan’s thoughts were interrupted by Pa, who reminded him not to forget about the Tyre matter. Pa then went on his way to complete his daily tasks, socialize with the other elders and to ensure harmony was maintained within the village. After what seemed like a short few hours, Marwan completed his copper work for the day and was off into the heart of the settlement, too.
The center of the village was where all the hustle-bustle of daily life took place. Games were played. The merchants gathered to trade their goods. The vendors set-up booths and carts. Everyone had their own special brand of bread, food, jewelry or clothes to offer to their fellow people in exchange for other items. One of the unique, new aspects of Mesopotamia was the ingenious system of seals with family symbols on them that people would trade for the promise of goods.
Marwan saw a young mother trading a piece of seashell with a fish carved in it—a unique signature Marwan recognized as Darius’ father’s seal. The mother was trading it for a pan of bread from a merchant in a different tribe. The shell was a promise of a fish, should it be returned to Darius’ family. All the merchants had various seals like this that they traded with one another. They made bartering easier and fairer. Marwan thought about how it was really like a new system of trust. All the cooperation was definitely a good thing, he thought.
Marwan spotted his friend Darius and walked up to him. Darius was happy to see him but gave him a terse look—Marwan knew Darius had heard about all the trouble he was in regarding Tyre and the incident yesterday. It wouldn’t have been so bad except Marwan was the ensi’s son and someday would be responsible for keeping the entire economy running smooth between his tribe and the others.
“You heard, did you?” Marwan frowned at Darius.
Darius said, “Of course I did. I got a good lecture, too.”
Marwan sighed. “I wish I didn’t have to do everything my father said to do.”
“You mean Ensi Pa?” Darius looked wide-eyed at Marwan with a smirk. He was obviously impressed with Marwan’s father’s status as the tribe’s leader. Marwan shrugged off the comment but was secretly pleased inside at the recognition of his family’s status.
“Yeah. I can’t wait until I’m Ensi Marwan. But for now, I have to apologize to keep the peace and all that stuff. I just want to get this over with. Tyre is probably at the main game spot trying to prove something to someone again. If we’re lucky, this will just be a quick, short sorry-about-yesterday-have-a-nice-day kind of thing.”
Darius nodded. “If you were ensi, you wouldn’t have to apologize at all, Marwan. Too bad you’re not an elder yet.” Darius looked up to Marwan with blind innocence in his eyes. He didn’t ever hesitate to follow Marwan’s lead.
As they headed to the game spot, Marwan thought about Darius and his last comment. Although Marwan enjoyed the admiration, he felt like something was backward or ignorant about it. He sighed and thought, Darius is just a young soul and agrees with whatever I say. He’ll learn; people will learn, at their own pace. When I’m ensi, I’ll let people do what they want to. Better to let everything happen naturally and not force people to do things.
Marwan was satisfied at his conclusion but still shook his confused head in contemplation. Maybe someday I’ll be smarter and think of better and cleverer ways to handle situations. I wish I was an older soul. I wish I knew everything.
Traveling away from the village on a dusty trail, Marwan noticed the medicine man Án walking not too far up ahead. Ugh, not him, not now. A feeling of dread came over him.
“I hope he doesn’t see me.” Marwan scowled as he glanced over at Darius. Marwan shuffled his feet and slowed his stride; so did Darius. Almost as if Án heard him, he turned his head from down the trail and spotted the two. To Marwan’s chagrin, Án paused, turned around and folded his arms as if to wait for them.
As the two boys moved closer to Án, he called out, “Hello there, young Marwan and young Darius.”
Within seconds they were all walking together along the path. Marwan remembered his conversation with Kübra the night before and casually brought it up. Marwan didn’t want Án to think that he would have the power of ensi—ever—and wanted to remind his uncle who would really be ensi someday.
“Someday, I’ll be the ensi, Án; I saw Kübra last night walking back to my house and she mentioned you would be…” Marwan cleared his throat before continuing, “a great one. Not that you ever would be, but if you were, what would you do?” Marwan puffed out his chest proudly.
Án was silent for a moment and looked ahead when he finally responded, not looking at Marwan.
Softly, Án said, “I don’t know, Marwan, I don’t know. I don’t know much, you know. I like to find out what other people think about things.”
Then with a more confident, derisive tone, he continued, “What would you do as the great and persuasive ensi, wise Marwan?”
The way he said that really irked Marwan. He is so stupid with his sarcasm, Marwan said to himself before answering. “I know a lot about people, so I would help everyone with their problems and issues.”
“Are you on your way to help Tyre with his issues right now?” Án turned to look at Marwan and eyed him suspiciously.
Marwan groaned inside and felt his temperature rising. I really don’t like you, he thought silently to himself. You’re always throwing something back in everyone’s face.
Darius looked up at Án and quizzically, but innocently, asked, “Doesn’t Tyre come to you for advice? I’ve seen him leave your dwelling several times the last few weeks while I was walking by to find my father.”
“Were you spying on me, Darius?” Án raised his left eyebrow and squinted at the boy.
“No, not at all. One of the vendors that sells my father’s fresh-caught fish lives close by your dwelling, that’s all. I travel back and forth. I was just wondering if you knew why Tyre acts like he’s always got something to prove?”
Marwan was silent while Darius quizzed Án. Marwan was interested in the reason why Tyre was at Án’s home as well as why Tyre acted the way he did, too. But he did think about how naïve Darius acted sometimes—or maybe it was just an abnormally pure innocence. Marwan kept his head facing forward as he walked with the other two, still in between them.
“I’m not sure, Darius,” Án quickly responded while looking ahead.
Irritated at his lack of a thoughtful response, Marwan shot Án an incredulous glance and said, “How could you not know? Even I know what’s wrong with him.”
“Fools know everything, don’t they?” Án cocked an eyebrow and turned to look straight into Marwan’s eyes. “When will you be wise enough to remember you know almost nothing—next life, maybe?”
Marwan looked down and met Án’s gaze. Even though Án is many years older, I’m a little taller and a lot stronger than this skinny idiot. If we were ever to fight, there would be no real match. This made Marwan feel a little better.
Marwan looked away and said, “Tyre is a bully, it’s as simple as that. He’s mad at the world for his father leaving and never returning when he was still young.” Marwan quickened his stride and hoped to be free from his uncle’s idiocy soon.
“But that’s still no excuse to be mean to younger kids, if you ask me.” Marwan was sure he was in the right.
Án’s voice was firm as he spoke. “Tyre needs to feel the warmth of light reaching him in the dark cave where his mind lives.”
Án then smiled and said, “That’s what I would do if I were ensi, Marwan. Spread light to the dark caves of mankind. I have a little light to shine—or maybe in other words—I know where to find the light in order to share.”
“You’re not egotistical in the slightest.” Marwan glared at Án as he made his sarcastic remark.
Án replied, “You see only a reflection of yourself.” Án paused as he looked down a different path jutting off from the trail the group was on. It led to a different part of the village. Marwan kept walking without any hesitation.
Án called out, “I’ll see you two later. Enjoy apologizing to Tyre, Marwan. Be a role model for Darius.” Marwan cringed as Án said that.
As they parted ways, Marwan turned to Darius and said quietly, “I think he likes the fact I have to apologize to that malicious bully. And he’s supposed to be a healer. What a traitor he is; I can’t believe he’s respected. He probably does want to be ensi—I better watch my back.”
Darius simply nodded in agreement. Soon, they arrived at the main game spot. The sun was approaching the top of the sky and it was getting hot. Marwan shielded his eyes with his hand as he scanned the fields, he saw a couple games of ball going on and some younger kids carving some wood pieces.
Then he saw him. Tyre was walking alone away from the game court with his head hung down. His stride was awkward, slow, and he was a pitiful sight to see. He must’ve just been turned away from a game, Marwan thought. Well, at least if he’s alone then no one else has to hear me apologize.
Marwan and Darius made their way towards Tyre and when they got close, Marwan motioned to him to wait. When Tyre saw them, he immediately stood up straight, with a pseudo-confidence like an animal making itself look bigger than its enemy.
“Look, isn’t it the spoiled ensi’s son and his humdrum follower?” Tyre made a face like he had just smelled rotten meat and looked at the two like they were the cause of his disgustful demeanor.
Marwan rolled his eyes, loudly sighed and quickly said, “I’m sorry about yesterday—although you shouldn’t have been bullying those kids. I wish I would’ve acted differently—at least then I wouldn’t have stooped to your level.”
“You’ll never be on my level. You’d never understand the ways of wit or cunning. And your apology is not accepted. You’ll have to beg for my forgiveness—unless of course you want me to tell the elders that you were insincere and rude.”
“I’ll never beg for anything from you or anyone like you. I know what is right and I’ll stand up for what I believe in—every time—even if the elders or my father can’t see my reasoning. You know you shouldn’t have been making fun of the small children. Regardless, I just said I’m sorry—that’s all I have to do.”
Tyre glared at Marwan with a real hatred. There was fire in his eyes and Marwan was taken aback by the intensity of it. It was a feeling that Marwan had not felt in this life of his.
“I’m sorry, too, Tyre.” Darius looked down at the ground as he apologized.
Marwan looked over at his friend and felt sorry for Darius, much more sorry than he felt for Tyre. Why did I put Darius through this?
Marwan suddenly felt a real feeling of remorse and looked back at the now-smirking Tyre. He’s thoroughly enjoying the way Darius feels right now, Marwan surmised. Benyamina was right; all the negativity has been amplified because of my actions.
Marwan spoke with a newfound purpose and said, “Listen—I really do apologize and hope you can one day forgive me. I should have acted from love but instead I acted with cruelty. I am sorry for that. I hope this life can be fair to you, Tyre, and you can know compassion and happiness.”
Before Tyre could answer, Marwan immediately turned to Darius and said, “C’mon, let’s get going. There are things that need to be done.”
As the two turned away, Tyre said, “You don’t know anything about compassion. If my father were still here, he would be the wisest elder of them all and you would really be sorry. Watch yourself, Marwan. I’m warning you.”
Marwan looked back at Tyre and the fire of hatred that was once in his eyes had turned to a weak, simple sadness that echoed the pitiful stride Marwan saw as Tyre had walked alone earlier. In that moment Marwan truly felt sorry for Tyre.

*     *     *

Later that day, after helping Darius’ father filet a catch of fish and taking care of some other affairs, the shadows were growing long and the matters of the day had taken their toll on Marwan. He decided to call it an early day and head home. Marwan walked alone along the old dusty paths and soon became lost in thought.
Marwan remembered his dream from the night before and thought about finding a partner again, someone who he felt connected to. She seemed so real. He longed for someone to share his ideas and life with, and wondered if he would ever meet such a person. True wealth would be having one soul to connect with, rather than any amount of material possessions. People search the lands for abundance and wealth, but the real treasure would be to know and feel a real connection.
He thought about how his parents had told him that everything in the world, everything that he sees, is but a reflection of his inner desires—both of love and fear. So the real treasure, he deduced, would be simply knowing himself. From that realization, he would be able to grow like a strong tree and branch out to the world, bearing nourishing fruit for others. Maybe I am getting smarter. Those thoughts made him happy as he walked. Sometimes, in times like these, he felt more enlightened and ready to act selflessly and compassionately instead of needing to prove he would be a great ensi someday. Maybe it was apologizing to Tyre and seeing the hurt inside of him earlier, which had caused him to reflect so thoughtfully.
The evening crept in as the light of the day went from yellow to orange. The sunrays contrasted with the pink and blue hues of the sky and clouds. As Marwan approached his home, he could see a candle’s light flicker through a space where the thatched roofing met the adobe walls. That must be Benyamina, Marwan thought. Pa isn’t supposed to be home until late again.
When Marwan came near, he was very surprised to hear the voices of Pa and Kübra inside. Marwan abruptly stopped where he was, a dozen or so feet from the entrance. He listened.
“My love for you is passionate and willing, my ensi. My many talents can only be appreciated by someone of your strength.” Marwan knew that was Kübra. There was no doubt in his mind.
“You should leave, Kübra. It would not be good for me—or for you—if someone were to find you here. Go now.”
Marwan was shocked to hear his father talking with Kübra in secret. He came to his senses and quickly backed away behind the cover of a few nearby trees. He watched as Kübra left his house and swiftly walked away down the same path he had just walked up from.
In those few moments, he didn’t know how to feel. His mother had just left and to Marwan’s knowledge, she and Pa were very happy together. Was Pa cheating? He couldn’t deny what he had just heard with his own ears and saw with his own eyes. He sat down behind the trees and thought for a long time. The sky was dark and the stars were shining when he finally got up and went into the house.
Marwan held his breath as he walked in. Pa was sitting in the front room, staring at a drawing on the wall. It was a drawing that Pa had drawn when he first built the home many years ago, before Marwan had been born. Marwan knew it was a special picture that evoked images of luck and prosperity for family and business matters. He snapped out of his trance as soon as Marwan walked through the entrance and hastily stood up.
“Marwan—hello. I’m glad you’re home. I need to leave now. I may not be back tonight—I have, ah, many discussions to have with the other elders of our tribe. Tell Benyamina what I said when she arrives, too.”
Marwan would have thought it was odd that Pa spoke with a flustered tone, but because of Kübra’s visit, he didn’t. Instead, he squinted suspiciously at his father who seemed a bit more disheveled than normal.
Marwan couldn’t bring himself to say anything. Instead, he just nodded and Pa left without saying anything more. He didn’t even ask me about Tyre, Marwan realized. Marwan wished his mother were home right then. Why does she have to travel so much and leave Pa and the family? He knew his thoughts were scattered and he desperately wanted answers. He didn’t know of anything to do, so he laid down without eating anything, and after staring at his dreamcatcher for what felt like an eternity, he fell asleep.
Marwan awoke early the next morning, much earlier than usual. It was still dark. He didn’t feel good about what he had witnessed the night before and felt unsure of what to do. He got up and looked for Pa, but it seemed like he had not returned all night. Benyamina was soundly asleep in her room. Marwan left without waking her up and went down to the river to think. He decided to go to a different spot than the one he and Benyamina always went to, because he didn’t really want to talk with her in case she woke up and came down. He was afraid that he would tell her what he had heard and she would somehow confirm his suspicions.
The sun hadn’t come up yet but there was a soft light in the sky, illuminating the trail in a majestic way. He saw drops of sparkling dew on the blades of grass as he walked. Turning the last corner in the trail toward the riverside, he spotted two other people up ahead, sitting on the banks. He didn’t recognize them as being from the village, and wondered what reasons had brought them to the sacred river so early and without water jugs.
They noticed him, turning to face him as he came near. They seemed friendly and approachable. Being the ensi’s son, Marwan was accustomed to meeting people and being friendly, even if his spirits weren’t always as positive as his greetings. He forced a smile towards them and waved hello as he started to pass, but they stood up as though they would introduce themselves. Marwan found himself compelled, whether he liked it or not, to introduce himself, too, and at least make a little small talk.
“Hello, I’m Marwan, son of Ensi Pa of the Sumerian tribe.” Marwan cringed inside as he spoke about his father, but managed to hide his emotion well.
“Marwan! I’m so glad to finally meet you. I know all about you and have been looking for you. I knew I would meet you here.” The stranger outstretched his hand to shake and then clasped Marwan’s hand with both of his in a very sincere, eager manner.
“My name is Aiden and this is Apate.” He motioned to his companion. Apate smiled at Marwan with a grin he had never seen. She was beautiful, yet there was something seductive, almost sinister about her looks. Marwan considered himself good at reading people, but he couldn’t get a feel for what those intense eyes and charming smile were hiding behind them.
“It’s my pleasure to meet you two as well, Aiden and Apate. Tell me, how did you know you would meet me here and what brings you to these parts?”
“I’m a shaman and prophet, Marwan. I can foresee many things before they happen. And I’ve been searching for you. I’ve come to warn you of a great enemy you will face someday far in the future, yet your meeting is imminent. It will take many lifetimes to prepare for your final battles and you must start training for them—now.”
Marwan stared at Aiden with a sort of numbed disbelief. It was strange news and verged on the unbelievable. However, having family members who claimed they were from a distant star system incarnated on Earth to assist the souls here, as well as having a deep, intrinsic belief in reincarnation, Marwan could believe in the fantastic possibility that Aiden might be telling some sort of truth.
Still caught up in the emotion of the previous night, Marwan found himself simply nodding slowly and ignoring the immensity of what Aiden had just said. He looked over at Apate instead.
“Are you a medicine woman, too, Apate?”
“Something like that, Marwan. I’ve come to Earth from far away to assist you with your enemy, too. I’m glad Aiden and I found each other.” Apate smiled again, but Marwan felt no love from her. In fact, it was as if she was Aiden’s opposite. He was sincere, with an openness about him, while she seemed to be hidden underneath a cloak made of cold stone.
Aiden ignored Apate’s remark, yet kept his enthralled, enthusiastic smile and didn’t seem to notice that Marwan was in no mood to be in the company of others.
Aiden said, “Shall we sit and tell each other of our travels in this life thus far?”
Marwan didn’t know how to say no to this new acquaintance who seemed so happy to have met him—or rather, found him, as he implied. So instead, Marwan just mouthed the word, “Okay.” He was surprised to hear that sound found its way out of his lips, too. Reluctantly, he sat down with the two newcomers.
Aiden seemed happy to start sharing about his journey. He said, “I am from a nomadic tribe east of here. I knew from a young age that I was supposed to find—well, you, Marwan. I left my family a few months ago in search of you and I actually have been here in Mesopotamia for a few days now.
“Before I left my village I could see in my mind you were in a great gathering of people and tribes, but to see you all here now is more amazing than any story about ‘the great village’ I have ever heard or imagined. I confirmed you were here from some people in the village when I arrived, but had a dream many years ago that we would meet on the side of a river—this river. So I came here to wait for you. I knew you would show up.
“I’ve never been to this spot before, Aiden. I just came here looking for some peace after a rough day yesterday.”
“Then do you see how much more magical this moment is?” Aiden seemed to have a permanent grin that he hadn’t shaken since hearing Marwan’s name.
“Okay, I suppose so. Honestly, I could use a little magic in my life right now. I’m changing—maybe seeing things for what they really are—and everything seems to be a little more complicated than I once thought.”
“I know, Marwan, I know. You are in a transition right now. When you pass on from this life to the next, you will no longer be the same soul. You’re in a state of metamorphosis. When you emerge from this place to the next—trust me—you will not recognize the person you are now.” Aiden chuckled at that last remark as though he knew something he was keeping secret.
Apate then spoke. “You can trust me, too, Marwan. I’m here for you; I want to help you.” Apate placed her hand on his.
Apate continued, “Did something happen yesterday that you want to talk about? Maybe I can help clarify the hidden meanings of events for you.” Apate smiled, and although Marwan still couldn’t get a sense of her intent, the smile looked almost exactly like how his mother, Maji, smiled at him. He felt a little more comfortable being around Apate and decided to share the story about Tyre with them.
“You did the right thing by apologizing to him,” Aiden remarked after hearing about the incident.
Apate said, “Next time, you might beat him at his own game, Marwan. Does he do anything that isn’t perfect?”
“I’m pretty sure he drinks a good dose of firewater every night. A few of us in the tribe suspect it.”
Apate continued, “Perfect—chastising him in front of your tribe for drinking too much might have had the desired effect to teach him a lesson. He would have known what it felt like to be those two kids.”
Aiden cleared his throat and looked warily at Apate. Marwan watched as Aiden’s happiness suddenly turned into dissatisfaction. Marwan could see that Aiden sincerely disagreed with Apate. However, Aiden didn’t say anything about the comment and continued ignoring Apate. Marwan didn’t really know what to say; he thought Apate had a good point about giving Tyre a dose of his own medicine, but the look on Aiden’s face kept Marwan silent instead of vocalizing in agreement with her.
Marwan glanced at Aiden and then back at Apate, and casually said, “That might have been a better thing to do. I don’t think I would have had to apologize for pointing out something like that.”
Aiden quickly interjected, “That might seem to be smart or clever, but doing that would have ultimately had the same effect as what you did. Instead of physically knocking him over, it would have just been mentally knocking him over.”
It seemed to Marwan that it was now Apate who looked annoyed at what Aiden had said. She said, “Sitting around talking about peace and love hasn’t won any battles or stopped any thievery.”
Aiden folded his arms. “Talking about peace and love hasn’t started any battles either, Apate.”
“I better get going to the marketplace. I have some errands I need to attend to this morning. I’m glad to have met you, Marwan, and I look forward to our next meeting. Take care, Aiden.” Apate got up and walked away, towards the village.
When she had disappeared from sight, Aiden said, “I wouldn’t trust her. I can’t read Apate the same way I can other people. There is something mysterious and even haunting about her. If I remember correctly, she is up to no good and means to trick you, Marwan.”
“What do you mean by ‘remember’? And how can I know that I can even trust you, Aiden? Your tale of your journey is pretty fantastic.”
“Search your heart, Marwan. Deep within you, I know you sense you can trust me. Follow your heart, always. And by ‘remember’, I mean remembering the future. The many possible futures have already happened in a certain sense, and prophecy or intuition is actually an art of remembering. Our future is also my past.”
The sun had come up and a few more people had come down to the riverside by now. Marwan looked around and realized the day had officially begun and people were carrying out their tasks and doing work. He thought about his Pa again. Marwan wished that he could remember the future the way Aiden claimed he could and see what was really going on or what would happen.
Marwan asked, “Is our future my past, too?”
Aiden simply said, “No.”
As intriguing as the dialog was that Aiden had started, Marwan could feel his heart still needed some peace and quiet. Marwan took a deep breath and said, “If you’ll excuse me, Aiden, I have many things to do today. Can we continue this all later?”
“Of course. I’m going to find residence here in this village and am hoping to see you again, soon. There’s much to talk about and like I said, you have a lot to learn.”
“Well, maybe we can meet again tonight. If you’re going into town you’re sure to smell the merchants selling fish. One of them is my friend, Darius. Meet me there before the sun sets and all three of us can become better acquainted.”
“That would be great. I’m looking forward to meeting Darius, too.” With a warm smile, Aiden said, “Don’t think too hard today, Marwan.”
Marwan left Aiden sitting by the banks of the river and headed into the village to pick up a payment for some copper jewelry he had made the week before. He had to walk through the merchants’ area to get to the home of the man he had to visit. He saw all the fresh fruit and vegetables and was happy again that life was still going on despite his internal feelings. Meeting Aiden was remarkable, too, and he thought that maybe he wasn’t appreciative of what the Universe was trying to tell him.
Marwan made it to the home he needed to visit and successfully picked up the payment. As usual, it was in the form of seals that were traded for other goods and services. As Marwan was walking back through the village to his home, he passed behind some tents but abruptly stopped as he overheard the familiar voice of Kübra, just on the other side of one of the thin fabric walls. As he listened for a second, he realized she was talking to the other woman he’d just met, Apate. He was perplexed at the chance that they would have met and decided to stay hidden to listen.
Marwan heard Apate saying, “Maji is so beautiful, though, Kübra. I know you have good looks, too, but no one can compare with the beauty of Maji. That’s why she’s Ensi Pa’s wife, you know.”
Marwan was even more stunned to hear them discussing his mother. He heard some other women talking as well and as he smelled a pleasant aroma, he realized he was behind a beautification tent, where woman went to get haircuts and perfumes.
Kübra responded to Apate by saying, “I want to be as beautiful as Maji. I want to be the most beautiful woman in the Sumerian tribe. I was the most beautiful girl in the entire village. I deserve it, don’t you think? Don’t you think I deserve to be the ensi’s wife?”
Apate had a soft, almost cooing tone as she answered Kübra. “Is all you deserve just a status? You deserve admiration; you deserve the gifts of the people’s devotion, too. If you were the ensi’s wife you would be the true leader behind the scenes, the woman behind the man—the beauty behind the strength. Isn’t that what you really want?”
Marwan could hear no more. He was intrigued at first that they thought his mother was so beautiful, but he couldn’t stand any talk of other people wanting to be ensi—especially not Kübra—not right now. In a split-second decision, he decided he should leave the premises as soon as his feet started working again. He didn’t want to make his presence known as though he were spying.
With his mind spinning, Marwan was too shocked to make any rational decisions. He stormed off. No doubt that Án has been twisting Kübra’s thoughts with his own corruption, Marwan thought. If Pa was having some sort of affair with Kübra, there must be some good reason for it, or something else was going on that he didn’t understand. And who is this Apate? What does she actually know about my family and me? Who can I trust?
Stumbling like he was drunk, Marwan made his way through the back alleys behind the tents and out of the marketplace. He questioned everything in his life, from the first man he had ever known, Pa, to the last one he had just met, Aiden. He didn’t know what to think and was feeling out of control. I just want to see Ma again, Marwan thought. He thought that she would have some kind of an answer for him, like all of this was just a bad dream. However, he knew this was all a delicate matter, and bombarding her with all of this information might be too much when she first arrived back. He needed to confront Pa first.
Marwan looked up to see his house not too far away. Dazed, he couldn’t remember walking there and was bewildered at how he’d managed to get there without even thinking about it. The house was empty. Talking to Pa would have to wait. He put the payment in a chest next to other seals; it was where they always went.
Then he packed a bag with a change of clothes and some dried meat. Marwan left for the solace of the woods, not caring at that moment who knew where he was or who didn’t. He needed some time to think things through and a night alone might be good for him. Marwan’s destination was the Cedar Forest, a revered place for its spiritual connections to the Spirit World and afterlife.
Maji was scheduled to arrive back the following day and Marwan’s plan was to be back early, before her. The forest was actually not that far away. Long ago, the tribes had lived in the forest, but many years had gone by since those days. Over time, they had cleared some of it for farming and raising the livestock. By foot, the edge of the forest was usually about half a day’s travel, but Marwan was alternating between running and walking fast. He estimated he would be there a few hours before nightfall, just long enough to find some shelter in a good, relaxing spot.
After running for many miles, Marwan needed to take a small water break. He spotted some marshy areas along one of the river’s tributaries not too far off from the trail. He headed towards it for a drink and to refill his small jug. Arriving at the water, Marwan noticed the remnants of a campfire. Upon further inspection, he could see it had just been used a day or so before. Looking around, he could see no one. Being the ensi’s son, he knew much about the different tribes of the village as well as the few smaller tribes that preferred the outskirts. However, there weren’t usually any tribes in this direction. He assumed the campfire was a lone traveler like himself and soon forgot about it as he drank from the cool, crisp water.
After a small break, he resumed travel to the Cedar Forest. The sun was low in the sky but had not yet sunk below the horizon when he broke through the forest line and walked among the sacred trees. He spotted a group of trees that were nestled against some large boulders, which looked like a good support to set up camp aside. He draped a fur blanket over some spear-sized logs for shelter and then made a small fire as the sun was dipping below the trees. Then he sat and gave thanks for all that he had in this life and asked the Great Mystery for guidance and clarification for his situation. He sat until the sky grew dark and the stars began twinkling above the canopy. After hours of meditation, Marwan felt himself slip into a trance-like state, in which he felt at peace with the Universe and All-That-Is for the first time in days, or maybe even weeks.
Without realizing it, Marwan began asking the Great Mystery for a companion in this life. He didn’t verbalize the question, but simply emanated an earnest hopelessness that affected the magical forest surrounding him. The forest felt compassion for him and began to spin a web of kindness around him. The branches seemed to wave in the wind with rhythm and the night owls called to him with deep, resonating comfort.
Marwan fell backwards against the soft grasses as he was taken to a place deep in trance. Marwan felt himself being pulled down a dirt tunnel carved through the ground. Turn after turn he walked, twist after twist he went deeper and deeper until he saw a bright light ahead. He thought he could see a sun shining as he stepped through an opening and out of the cavernous burrow. He entered the Spirit World.
Marwan looked around and saw animals scurrying along in the distance. He looked up at the eagles flying overhead, along with beings of light, maybe angels or other spirits. He didn’t recognize any of the animals specifically as being native to the areas around his village. Marwan had never been to the Spirit World before, although he had heard about it. I wonder if Aiden has ever been to the Spirit World, Marwan wondered as he stood there enjoying the mystical view.
Startled, Marwan heard a voice behind him that made him jump. He hadn’t expected to travel to the Spirit World, much less be approached by a being of some sort.
“Hello, Marwan. I’m glad you made it.” It was a lovely voice; a voice that almost sounded like it had a melody attached to the words. It was a voice of a woman, and quite possibly the most beautiful voice he had ever heard. Astonished, Marwan turned around and looked at who was speaking to him. She was a striking woman in a white tunic with bright, green eyes that seemed to glow.
Marwan was lost for words. He opened his mouth to say something, but no sound came out.
The woman continued, “It’s okay. I know this is all new to you right now, but someday you will come here freely to converse with the guides and angels in this realm. After you become Rowan, that is.”
“Rowan?” Marwan was surprised to hear the name he had heard only recently in a dream. He looked intently into her familiar green, glowing eyes.
“Rowan is the name you will call yourself; he is who you are destined to become once your current transition, your metamorphosis, is complete. You have only a little way left to travel in the skin of Marwan.”
Marwan was still speechless as he listened to this lovely woman speak with a voice that sounded like it was infused with pure love. Even if he didn’t want to believe what she was saying, he would have had to anyway. The way she spoke was soft, yet firm—receptive, yet penetrating—it was simply indefinable, not able to be described in human terms. It was almost like her voice was a written Book of Knowledge in spoken form.
As she gazed at Marwan, finally he was able to find his voice.
He stuttered, “Are you the woman from my dream? And you are clearer to me now, and your voice is much clearer to me, too? Why and who—who are you?” Marwan’s genuineness was flattering to the woman and she smiled warmly.
“Others in your tribe have considered me a goddess; however, I am a soul like you. And it seems like you are more ready to see things as they are, which is why I appear clearer to you now.”
“Am I dreaming? Is this even real? I think I must have fallen asleep while meditating.”
“No, you’re not dreaming. Yes, this is real, and stop thinking so hard, Marwan. You think so much but just listen to your heart. All the answers you seek are already inside you.”
“Pa and Kübra—and Án... I thought I had everything figured out just a few days ago. Tyre’s attitude was my biggest worry. But now, in a couple days my world has been flipped upside down. What was Pa doing in the house with Kübra? Who is Aiden and who is Apate? Is it a coincidence they showed up at the same time as this matter with Pa and Kübra?”
“There is no coincidence, Marwan. Search your heart for the answers about your Pa. Do you really think he would lie to Maji and all of you?”
Marwan looked into the woman’s glowing eyes. They seemed to get brighter and he thought he could notice what looked like a deep purplish glow coming from her entire body that danced around her being like a fire flickering.
Watching her aura blink in and out of existence, Marwan realized that Pa and Maji’s connection was a very special type of relationship. It was one of those relationships that everybody wished they could have—based on true love. They had something that crossed the boundaries of time and space and led them to each other again in this life. Marwan wished he were as lucky as they were—he had wished before that he could find someone to love as they loved each other. Something else must have been going on, he admitted to himself.
She’s looking straight in my eyes like she knows me. Marwan refocused his gaze back to the woman’s eyes.
“I don’t think he would be hiding something like that, no. You’re right. I just jumped to conclusions after overhearing him. There must be some sort of explanation.”
“I think you’re right, Marwan. Good job.” The woman seemed like she wanted to say something; she seemed willing to listen to Marwan’s contemplations but had something else on her mind.
Marwan realized she was holding some information or some feeling back and said, “So who are you, then, besides a soul like me? Did you want to ask me for a favor or maybe tell me about an ominous future like a man I just met called Aiden?”
The woman briefly looked down and said with her eyes lowered, “I am an old soul that has been watching you. I admit it to you; you have caught my fascination.” She looked back up at Marwan’s eyes and peered into them deeply.
“I want to help you, Marwan. I want to be by your side as you fight for your truths during your journey.”
Marwan smiled at this request for companionship.
She continued, “I have a journey to go on as well. I must travel through the Land of the Dead to find a lost part of my soul. In order for me to realize the full potential of this lost portion, it must be found, and yet I have no way to find it. There is no hot without cold and no up without down. I must find the downward spiral of stairs to this lost place in order to fully feel the height that my soul—my being—can climb upwards. During this travel, you will be my best ally and warrior. I need you for my mission—if you agree. Do you understand?”
“You need me to go with you to the Land of the Dead? But my family…”
“The Land of the Dead is not what you think it is, Marwan. The Heavens and the Netherworlds are all overlaid on top of each other with no separation. The Spirit World coexists with the Cedar Forest. They are all connected. What I’m telling you is that I am coming to Earth.”
Marwan asked, “How do I know this is real—or that you’re real? You haven’t even told me your name.”
“You can call me Inanna, the Queen of Heaven. I am the goddess of love and also of war. “ Marwan knew of Inanna from the stories his Sumerian people told about the afterlife.
She continued, “But as you change names, so will I. And this is a dream within a dream in a dream.
“Tell me this—what do you really want, Marwan? What do you want out of this life you are living, and for that matter, from all the lives that you will live? You are about to embark on a new journey as a new type of soul. If you could pick a mission or anything at all to accomplish, what would it be?”
“I would choose to know what the purpose of living is, I guess. Or really, the purpose of my existence—my life. I would choose to understand myself better and make better decisions than I have in this one so far. I know I could be a better person. I just need a little more guidance, maybe.”
“So the mission you would like to be on is to find out who you really are and make authentic choices? You would like to find meaning and be the best part of your self that you have within you?”
Marwan smiled and said, “Something like that.”
“You wouldn’t want to find valuable treasures and be richer than in your dreams, or rule the world with many powers and servants?”
Marwan didn’t hesitate to say, “If life is a reflection of the inner worlds, material things just come and go as one’s perception changes. And the true power of people comes from inside them, not from the outside. The interconnectedness of the Great Mystery is discovered by looking within and discovering the riches of the inner worlds as part of the All-That-Is. The world is like a mirror. It is just an illusion, a reflection of the inner worlds.”
“And that is why I am fascinated by your being, Marwan. You are a fast learner and have the ability to also listen to your heart. Remember that no one can truly rule anything except his or her own desires.
“When I come to Earth you will not recognize me, and I will not even recognize myself. I have an idea about how we can both grow, in order to not only fulfill your dreams but mine as well. There are some more experiences that I desire in order to really feel something I have recently imagined. So this will be a trip for both of us—a sort of compromise. The most special kind of love is the love in a compromise.
Marwan started to realize that he felt close to this being that had appeared to him there in the Spirit World. He wondered if she were the true love he had always searched for but could not find in his life.
As if Inanna had read his mind, she said, “Amidst all the mental games and tricks people unwittingly play on themselves and others, there is a magical way to experience the reality of life—through selfless love. The kind of love you can show and bestow upon someone, and then feel that same kind of love in return—but not with conditions. Unconditional, true love is the clearest, purest way to understand the mysteries of the self and the Universe.”
Marwan found himself unabashedly asking, “Are you my true love, Inanna?” Marwan was astounded at this whole experience and yet elevated, as if he were flying, too, with a whole new perspective he had just come to realize. He wasn’t embarrassed to ask such a blunt, even childish question because it seemed to him like he already knew the answer.
“It seems as though the Universe looks favorably on us, Marwan. I predict that as long as we don’t fall into some unexpected fear-trap of some kind, we will find each other many times in many future lives, until we finally remember who we really are again.
“I’ve seen many possibilities for our future lives, and not all of them are good. But I believe in you—in Rowan—in the person that you will become. And I can’t take my eyes off Rowan.”
With a youthful innocence, Inanna asked, “Tell me you are ready for the adventure of true love and self discovery—and wouldn’t mind my company?” She folded her hands in front of her waist and smiled hopefully while waiting for Marwan’s reply.
“I am ready, Inanna. And I hope to open my eyes back in the Cedar Forest to find you really standing beside me.”
“You will not find me until your next life as Rowan. But then our journey will begin. I just hope that you can make it through this life without too much trouble. This is the end of your cycle, Marwan, and how you play out the end will impact the next cycle for good or ill. Listen to Aiden; he has a message for you that you will need to attune to.”
Marwan said, “Good, I was hoping Aiden was actually a friend…”
Inanna interrupted Marwan, “There is someone else that I’d like to introduce you to, Marwan. Here he comes now.” Marwan suddenly heard some noise from behind Inanna. He looked around her and saw another being materializing from the forest behind them.
As the being became clearer, Marwan could see that it was not shaped like a human. In fact, it was a bear—a small, black bear.
As it approached, the bear spoke to Marwan. “You can just call me Bear. I’ll be watching you from now on, Marwan. If you ever need guidance, just ask for some help through prayer.”
Bear’s voice was deep, raspy and comforting. He had a presence of peace and tranquility that he carried with him. Marwan asked, “Are you a spirit animal, a guardian angel of mine?”
Bear replied in his gravelly voice, “Yeah, somethin’ like that. Also, just so you know, you won’t always remember that I’m here for you, watchin’ over you, but that doesn’t mean I’m not still doin’ my job. Feel the inner strength and peace of knowin’ deep down that you have a spirit guide—and I’m only a thought away.”
Marwan just smiled at Bear; there were no words needed. Bear presented himself as an extremely kind, patient spirit. Marwan didn’t know how he knew but he was sure that Bear could read his thoughts. Marwan had a sense that Bear knew he was grateful for his presence.
Even though Marwan didn’t want to leave the Spirit World, he felt something in the back of his mind tickling his soul and realized the time to depart was approaching. He looked back at Inanna and with a final wish, he held out his hand towards her, hoping that she would take it in hers. Inanna gently took his hand, but as soon as she touched Marwan everything started to fade. The sun started to disappear and the grass and trees faded to a brown. He was materializing somewhere else and sensed that he was being pulled backward through the same tunnel he had arrived in. Soon he only saw what looked like dirt all around him.
Seconds later, he opened his eyes, still sitting in his makeshift shelter in the Cedar Forest. He could tell from the position of the stars in the sky that hours had passed. With a sincere feeling of great peace, Marwan laid down to get some sleep before the new day would come.

*     *     *

When dawn arrived, Marwan awoke slowly, peacefully—happily. As he was laying there reminiscing on his journey to the Spirit World the night before, he thought he heard someone walking through the forest, hidden by the denseness, just beyond the next clump of trees. He sprang to his feet in anticipation of the unknown. As he jumped, he caught a glimpse of someone, or something, big. Marwan wasn’t sure if he should follow the sound or hide instead, but in that split-second decision he decided to find out who or what it was. He cautiously went through the trees, off of the trail. The forest was getting denser and the looming feeling of the unknown was getting stronger, but just before he decided to not go any further, he saw what appeared to be a black bear running on all four legs. Marwan stopped abruptly in wonder. A sign, he thought. Bear is watching over me after all. The bear disappeared again through the thick foliage and Marwan decided to not give it any more chase.
After eating a little bit and giving thanks to the magical forest for taking him to the Spirit World, Marwan left for his village. He wanted to see his mother when she returned and to confront Pa about what had really happened the other night. Marwan was filled with a newfound sense of optimism and hope, which had never felt quite like this. He felt like he was soon to be at the beginning of a journey, a transformative mission to discover himself and, subsequently, the secrets of the Universe. He smiled as he walked along the dusty paths out of the forest and back home.
A little while later, Marwan was thirsty again and decided to stop at the same marshy tributary he had stopped at the day before on his way into the forest. To his surprise, the camp he had seen and thought deserted looked freshly disturbed. The campfire pit was still warm and the ground looked like it had been walked on. Marwan looked around but didn’t see anyone, again. Is someone watching me right now? The hairs on the back of Marwan’s neck stood up as he realized he was probably being watched the day before, too.
“Show yourself!” Marwan yelled into the seemingly empty marshland. He looked around again—left, right, then left and right again—but still no sign of anyone.
Then he heard something not too far in the distance—the sound of twigs cracking on the ground. He knew someone was walking not too far away. Marwan looked around and found a branch that would serve as a club if need be. He silently walked towards the spot he heard the noise, but curved towards it from the side, rather than directly to it. He wanted to have the element of surprise should he need it to defend himself against some rogue thief.
Marwan was surprised when he saw the person walking towards where he had just been. It was a woman. Why didn’t I see her yesterday? Then Marwan realized that he had been virtually silent when he had arrived the day before, having no one to talk to and making no noise while drinking from the water.
She was crouching low, like a huntress. She is beautiful, he thought. In fact, she’s perfect looking. What could she be doing out here?  Marwan summed up the situation and decided that this beautiful stranger couldn’t be too dangerous to approach.
Marwan stepped out of the bushes that were concealing him, towards the woman. She looked at him, and at first Marwan thought he saw a sad, troubled expression written all over her face. But that expression changed suddenly as she saw Marwan. With a hateful, angry tone, she yelled, “I will not change!”
She started running at Marwan and he could see she was holding a long knife made out of bone. She had a look of wild evil in her eyes; her appearance was now more like a bloodthirsty savage. Her teeth were gritted and it seemed that nothing would stand in her way as she charged to attack Marwan.
For a second, Marwan was almost afraid. But then he realized he was almost twice her size and probably a better, more skilled fighter, too. As she closed in, it became apparent that she would not stop. She leapt at him from a few feet away. Marwan dodged left and swung the branch he had picked up minutes earlier around at her feet, knocking her to the ground. Marwan didn’t waste any time and pounced on her while she was still stunned, pinning her arm to the ground and sitting on her body with all of his muscular weight.
“You can’t change me! You won’t change me! I’ll kill you! Kill you! I’ll make you afraid—make you fear!” The stranger was yelling hideously and Marwan felt chills down his spine. She had a passion to her words and manner that was unmatched by the strength of the greatest warriors. Marwan hadn’t been concerned before, but he was growing more and more wary of the situation and guarded by the second. He was sure the stranger was crazy and had lost her mind.
The stranger was grunting and groaning under the weight of Marwan and trying with all of her chaotic will to escape. But there was no use against the bulky Marwan with her simple, sheer brute force. The size difference between the two was too great. He grabbed her bone knife and tossed it aside.
Marwan pleaded, “Calm down, stranger. You cannot possibly know me.” The woman continued to violently squirm.
Marwan contemplated what to do for a split second and decided to keep up his attempts at peace. “My name is Marwan. Please calm down and tell me why you’re out here all alone. I mean you no harm.”
The stranger stopped struggling and looked deep into the back of Marwan’s eyes, almost like she was looking into his very soul. She laughed wickedly and although she looked too perfect to be real—almost like an image of what a perfect woman looks like, her laugh was eerie and cackling.
Marwan continued, “What’s your name, stranger? Can I let you up—will you be peaceful?” Marwan hoped that the craziness was over.
Instead of answering him, she said, “You do look like him—yes, yes, you do. But you are not him, it is true. Get off me, I will spare you—for now.”
“I think it is I that am sparing you, stranger. If you haven’t noticed I am twice your size, and obviously the more skilled warrior. But so be it.” Marwan got up, off of her and the stranger jumped to her feet without taking her eyes off Marwan.
Marwan asked, “What are you doing out here all alone? Are you looking for someone—a ‘him’, as you said?”
“I am close to finding him again—the one who seeks to ruin me. I am looking for Rowan. I know that the one they call Aiden has traveled through here not too many days ago, no doubt looking for Rowan as well.”
Marwan felt shivers down his spine again and all the hair on his head seemed to stand up at the mention of the name Rowan. He decided to not say anything about his vision the night before.
Marwan said, “And how does this—Rowan—seek to ruin you?”
Dodging his question again, she said, “If you can give me information on his whereabouts, in exchange I have money and power as payment.”
Marwan was intrigued by the offer of power and thought he could play along for a moment. Maybe she was crazy or maybe she knew something he didn’t—after all, she knew about the name Rowan, and he rationalized that maybe this was all meant to be happening for a hidden reason.
“I might have information. What types or kinds of power do you know about or have?”
The stranger smiled devilishly and seemed to relax just a smidgen at the confirmation that Marwan was interested in obtaining power.
“I can teach you a curse to bend your enemy’s wills to your ways—or perhaps a love spell is what you desire to know?”
Marwan thought about the love spell option. He was hesitant at providing any information about Aiden—mostly because of what Inanna told him, but he didn’t exactly take this outlandish stranger seriously, either. As he thought about the possibility of finding true love, he felt again the loneliness he had felt before welling up from deep within. I want to find a companion badly, he thought. Being around this stranger was making Marwan forget about the feelings he’d felt in his vision.
“Maybe I can tell you about Aiden if you can teach me a love spell?” Marwan wrinkled his nose and pursed his lips sideways as he said that, thinking twice about having just given the notion of a spell his attention and energy.
The stranger put her hands together in delight and tapped her fingers against one another. She muttered to herself, “Yes. Where there is Aiden, there is sure to be Rowan. Good—very good.”
Then she looked up at Marwan again and said, “Sit with me a moment and tell me what you know. I will teach you the spell after my thirst for information has been quenched.”
Marwan said, “Okay, let’s sit—but I only have a few minutes. I need to get back to my village to see…” Marwan didn’t finish his sentence and decided to not divulge the complete truth.
He continued, “I need to attend to some business matters.”
Marwan then decided he wasn’t going to give up any information on Aiden without knowing this stranger’s full intentions.
“Tell me, stranger, what do you plan to say—or do to Aiden when you find him?” As Marwan said that, he saw an eagle circling in the distance. The eagle caught his eye for a moment before he turned his attention back to the stranger.
The stranger sat up straight and when she spoke again, her face was devoid of any emotion. “I just need to ask him if there is any way we can reconcile our differences. That’s all.” The stranger then flashed a stunning smile that seemed very convincing. She seemed to lose the hatefulness that she first had and donned a cloak of elegance. If she had looked this way when Marwan first saw her, he would have mistaken her savage look for someone important, or even an ambassador, like his mother.
Marwan was stunned and blurted out, “Your beauty reminds me of my mother Maji’s beauty. It is rumored to be unparalleled in this region except, perhaps, by you, stranger. Where are you from?”
Instead of answering, she narrowed her eyes at Marwan suspiciously. The hate returned to her eyes. She said, “And I suppose Pa is your father, too?”
Surprised and distrustful at the stranger’s knowledge, Marwan sensed something bad was about to go down and stood up, backing away.
“Yes, Ensi Pa is my father—why?”
The stranger snarled. “Oh, yes, Rowan, I know you. I know you far too well. You are somehow different and yet I knew it was you.” Her voice was rising louder and louder with each and every word she said.
“I know you from my dreams—from my past. You never stop—but I will win this world! I hate you!” The stranger was now screaming in rage. She was screaming so loud with a rattling craziness that her eyes brimmed with wetness and she started hyperventilating in between the words, “I—hate—you!”
She spied her knife laying in the grass and quickly picked it up. Marwan jumped back a few more feet from her. Then he distanced himself a few more feet, but never took his eyes off her. To Marwan’s relief, the stranger didn’t charge at him again—but she did hold a wicked glare. They stood staring in each other’s eyes while Marwan was trying to think about what to do next. As they continued to stare, Marwan started to feel woozy. Suddenly the stranger started chanting under her breath, still fragmented by the broken sobs.

“Frozen in space, confused by my stare
Lower you fall, stunned and unaware
Muscle turns weak, reeling in doubt
Limber and limp, all feeling seeps out”

Marwan started to fall to the ground and lose consciousness. He tried to rip his eyes away, but no matter how hard he tried, Marwan couldn’t break the stare that he and the stranger were holding. As he laid on the ground and his surroundings started to fade, he saw the strange woman walk up to him. She curled her lips into an evil, torturous smile.
“My name is Julia. Don’t ever forget it.”
Marwan couldn’t hold thoughts or consciousness any longer. He knew he had just had a spell or curse of some kind cast on him. But right before Marwan blacked out, he saw something else—a black bear appeared, running from the bushes and storming at Julia. That was the last thing he saw before passing out.

*     *     *

Marwan awoke, startled, and immediately jumped to his feet. He looked around, dazed. He realized he was unharmed. Neither Julia nor the black bear were anywhere to be seen. Marwan was afraid. He shivered as he realized his strength and size meant nothing in the fight against her. The spell Julia had cast on him was sudden and he knew she possessed a strong magic. Where could she be? Why had she and the bear disappeared? Marwan forgot about getting any water and started to run out of the marshy area and back towards the trail—to home.
The sun was high overhead and as Marwan ran, he realized that the morning had passed. Ma would be home by the time he got there and right now, everyone must be wondering where he was. Marwan stumbled on a rock that seemed to come out of nowhere on the trail. He nervously looked around while resuming his sprint.
The encounter with Julia shook him up pretty badly and overshadowed his wondrous journey to the Spirit World the night before. Finally, he saw the village ahead. As he started to pass familiar faces he knew, he slowed down, but still looked at everyone cautiously as though they might transform into an evil spirit hoping to attack him.
When he arrived home, Marwan burst through the doorway and saw Benyamina and Maji talking together in a friendly discussion; Pa was evidently gone again. Marwan then realized he must’ve looked pretty bad as the two immediately looked over at him with surprised expressions and wide eyes.
“What have you been doing?” Benyamina had a look of concern.
Maji took a few steps toward Marwan and gave him a heartfelt embrace. He knew she must have missed him and he felt consoled. He felt good to be back home and to see that his mother had returned safely. He didn’t know what to say, however, and was at a loss for words as to how to begin telling them where he had been, what had happened and why he had left.
So instead, Marwan just said, “I was wandering around the Cedar Forest getting some fresh air. I’m sorry I wasn’t back sooner. I guess I lost track of time.”
Benyamina said, “You went to the Cedar Forest without saying anything to anyone?! Did anything magical happen to you while you were out in that enchanted land?”
Maji didn’t say anything; she just smiled and gave him a look like she didn’t know whether to believe him or not.
Before anything more could be asked of him, Marwan hastily said, “So tell me about your trip, Mother!” Marwan acted happy and was hoping to dodge his fearful feelings for the moment while turning the attention away from his disheveled self.
Maji sighed and seemed to be okay with the diversion to her at the moment. But before beginning to recount her travels to him, she asked, “Have you seen Pa? He wasn’t here this morning and Benyamina said she didn’t see him last night, either. It seems odd that he wasn’t here to meet me—I have a strange feeling—but maybe he got busy with some important tribal matter.” She shrugged, as if to shake off some feeling she had.
Marwan was amazed Pa hadn’t returned home last night and felt himself becoming angry again. But he quickly remembered his trip to the Spirit World and that his heart had felt there was something more to Pa’s strange behavior than some simple explanation. He calmed down and said, “Maybe he did simply become busy. I think something must be going on here in the village. He has been gone two nights in a row now.”
His voice shook a tiny little bit as he nervously continued, “I hope we find out whatever it is soon.”
“I’m sure we will—and I’m sure everything will end up just the way it should.” Maji nodded her head as though she was convincing herself that all was well.
Then, she related the trip to Marwan as Benyamina listened and chimed in occasionally to tell Marwan when a good part or bit of information was coming up. She had obviously already heard much about the journey. It was a fruitful trip and the Akkadians were more than happy to have had her stay with them. She told them stories about the cosmos and the various souls of the Earth while they listened intently to her unique insights.
Marwan watched Maji’s face light up as she related her recent travels and the enlightenments those around her discovered. He could swear the glow coming from her smile and filling the room with kind words seemed to make the room brighter. Her soul is a beautiful emanation of spirit, reflected by the beauty she possesses and gives to all, everywhere she steps foot, Marwan thought to himself.
“…and then, after talking about the hopes and dreams of some of the leaders of the Akkadians, we talked about time and present moment awareness.” Maji was talking more quietly now, as if the most important part of her story needed to be told with a reverence and concentration.
She looked directly at Marwan now, almost as though she was speaking to him just as much as she had spoken to the leaders of the Akkadian tribe. “Every thought you think is creating your future. And most importantly, the thoughts you are having right now create the experiences you will have. Your future is being created as we speak—right now.”
Maji then pointed to the ceiling and in all directions as she said, “Most people think they are walking to and from places. Like when you went to the Cedar Forest yesterday, you probably thought you traveled through the village and ended there. But what really happened is that the Cedar Forest came to you. You are really a spirit that is having a dream about having two legs that move you around, but like in a dream, you are actually laying in the same spot the entire time. The same is with reality and our life here on Earth. You are simply walking in place and all things come to you rather than you to them. You’re not going anywhere, you are bringing everywhere to you. And your reality or awareness of All-That-Is is created by the thoughts you are thinking—even the thoughts you don’t realize you are thinking.”
Maji stopped for a second while Marwan thought about what she had just said. Then she spoke in an even more hushed tone, almost at a whisper. “You are far greater than you know, Marwan—far greater than you have ever believed. Life is but a dream within a dream.”
Marwan suddenly remembered Inanna saying the same thing to him just the night before in the Spirit World. He was transported back to the magic of the experience and the transcendence of the moment he was in. He took a deep breath and wanted to find Pa and finally get an answer about Kübra.
Marwan suddenly said, “I have to go. I need to find an answer for something.” He looked over at Benyamina and smiled. He turned back and gave Maji another hug. They both looked at him strangely but said nothing, as though they understood the importance and sincerity of his urgency.
As he walked out the front entrance, he felt extremely thankful for the pure love that he always received from Maji. She’s an amazing human being. I’m so fortunate to have her advice and support, illuminating the darkness for me every single day as my mother. He turned back to wave good-bye and as he did, he could swear he saw a circular glowing, golden light coming from Maji’s head. She looked more beautiful than ever before. He turned back to the path, determined to find Pa.
As he walked down the paths through the village, he realized he didn’t really know where to go. There were a handful of places that Pa might be, yet there were no guarantees. He was a social man and talked with many people through the day. His work as the ensi was to keep the cohesiveness and harmony of not only the Sumerian tribe, but the relationship the Sumerian tribe had in unity with the other tribes in the village, too. He could be anywhere.
Strange, Marwan thought as he walked along, the village seems quieter than normal. But maybe it’s just me. I really do feel like a different person than I was just a few days ago. He thought about the incident with Tyre again and for the first time actually felt saddened by his actions. He realized he was in fact being childish and cringed for a moment, regretting the push. This time, it wasn’t just for Darius, but for Tyre, too.
Marwan decided that he would befriend Tyre. Maybe Tyre really didn’t have any role models, Marwan thought. If Tyre were to ever become a better person, someone would have to show him a little love—even if that meant dealing with some negativity in the process. At that moment, Marwan felt up to a challenge. He decided to stop through the market and pick up a gift. He decided on some spiced candies for Tyre as a gesture of goodwill. Maybe I can change something between us, between him and his own mental demons.
Marwan stopped looking for Pa for a bit and set off to the home Tyre lived at. It was close to the main game area and if he wasn’t home, he was sure to be with the others at the game spot. Then Marwan was struck with another thought—Tyre always likes to be around people. Maybe he is really craving some kind of connection that he doesn’t know how to make. Poor Tyre. More determined than ever, Marwan went looking for him.
Tyre wasn’t home, though, and he wasn’t at the game spot either. Disappointed, Marwan resolved to find him sooner than later but went back to looking for Pa.
“Oh no!” Marwan stopped in his tracks as he realized that he’d never met up with Aiden the night before, because he had been in the Cedar Forest. I need to find him, too, and apologize for missing our meeting.
Not five minutes later, Marwan saw Aiden sitting on a bench by himself.
“Aiden!” Marwan called over to his new friend as he started walking towards him. Aiden didn’t seem surprised to see him or miffed or otherwise disappointed they didn’t meet the night before.
“Marwan, good to see you again! I was expecting you.”
“Of course you were, fortuneteller. I’m sorry I missed…”
Aiden interrupted, “Don’t speak nonsense. Think no more about it. I’m just hoping that you have found a feeling of great peace since the last time we talked. You were pretty troubled then.”
“Thanks, and yeah I feel pretty good right now. The only thing is, I can’t find Pa and apparently he didn’t come home last night. Have you seen a tall, proud man walking with others and looking important? He has a large walking stick made of cedar with a starfish affixed to the top to symbolize our tribe. He’s the ensi of us Sumerian’s and is usually talking with a group of people who look up to him. Either that or he may be sitting somewhere with an ensi of a different tribe, discussing trading or other tribal matters.”
Aiden smiled and looked up at the sky. “He’s a good man, isn’t he? I do know him—or at least I’ve seen him around. But I haven’t seen him today. Aiden’s smile vanished and he had a faraway look in his eyes. Aiden muttered, “Today, today…” but trailed off.
Marwan said, “Oh, I didn’t know you had seen him. I have a question for him and he always has an answer to any problem. I know there’s a reason I saw him and K…” Marwan stopped himself before divulging everything to Aiden. He felt like he could trust Aiden but realized he hadn’t said anything to anyone yet about seeing Pa and Kübra, and decided to keep quiet about it until he talked to Pa.
Instead of finishing his sentence, Marwan tried to cover up his abrupt pause and said, “I know there’s a reason for everything. He probably even knows the answer to the meaning of life.”
Aiden’s smile returned to his face and he said, “You know, Marwan, someday you’ll realize that the meaning of life isn’t a problem to be solved but simply a moment to experience. You are creating your destiny and bringing your fate to you. Your challenge is to be the designer of your future, rather than let your future be the designer of you. All your answers are already within you, growing in every moment, waiting for you to see them flower into fragrant, colorful experiences. You can trust me on that.”
“It seems like everyone has been telling me these types of things lately.” Marwan shook his head.
Aiden said, “When the student is ready to evolve, to change, the teacher appears—whether that be a teacher in the form of a person, a situation, or even listening to the wind whoosh through the trees. No student is really taught anything, but rather is pointed in the right direction to discover the answers for themselves—or rather, to discover themselves.”
Marwan smiled, nodded in agreement and motioned to Aiden that they should start walking again. “In any case, I need to find Ensi Pa. Hopefully I’m pointed in the right direction now because I need an answer from him to a question I have about something that’s been burning me up the last couple days.”
Marwan looked up and noticed an eagle flying in circles not far away, just outside the village. He remembered seeing that same eagle earlier this morning when meeting the witch, Julia. Marwan had a strange feeling come over him.
“Aiden, perhaps we should follow that eagle.” Marwan pointed up to the sky and Aiden closed his eyes as he nodded in approval. They started walking in that direction with Marwan leading the way.
“Aiden, what do you know about the Spirit World? I ask because I was able to visit it last night and while there, I met a goddess named Inanna who reassured me you were a friend.
“You didn’t think I was a friend?” Aiden looked at Marwan questioningly.
“Well, mostly it was just Apate that caught me off-guard. You both showed up at the same time, which made me a little wary. She’s a hard one to read, isn’t she?”
“Very. I wouldn’t worry too much about her, Marwan. She’s a trickster, it’s true, but ultimately you will be pointed in the right direction for the greater good of yourself and the ones you love.
“So you met Inanna, did you? Isn’t she beautiful?”
“The most beautiful woman I have ever met—at least in spirit. I actually met another woman recently that was beautiful on the outside but turned out to be a savage on the inside. She knew you, too.”
Aiden stayed looking straight ahead as they continued walking. He whispered, “Julia.”
“You know her too, then?” Marwan wanted Aiden to tell him what he knew about her before launching into the full dialog of what happened.
“Yes, of course. I’ve known her for many lives—many, many lives now.
“But before we talk about her I want to touch on what you just said about Inanna’s beauty versus Julia’s beauty. Your mother, Maji, is rumored to be the most beautiful woman in these lands, too, Marwan. How does she compare to the other two?”
“She’s my ma, Aiden. It is true she is beautiful on the outside and inside, too, but I think she would be beautiful to me even if she were disfigured and hideous looking. Her spirit is so gentle and—well, just wonderful. She’s always been good to my family and me and literally, I owe her my life.”
“Three types of beauty, then, Marwan. Which do you think is the most important?”
Marwan thought for a second and said, “Julia’s beauty is only temporary, and once talking with her and hearing her cackling laughs and cries, it becomes apparent she is messed up, rotten and twisted on the inside. She’s a witch, in fact, manipulating those around her. Her stunning looks seem to be another tool of manipulation.
“Inanna’s beauty was really her spirit, the opposite of Julia. She was beautiful to gaze upon to be sure, but not in a perfect way. In fact, now that I remember her in my mind’s eye, she seemed to be more average looking—except those striking, glowing green-eyed windows to her soul. There were landscapes and entire worlds contained in her eyes. And what’s more, our connection was like the Earth and the moon, revolving around each other. I think that type of beauty comes from a feeling of connectedness, a desire to be together, to unite forces for a common goal.
“And then my mother is different, too. She is like a caretaker, a nurturer and guide. Her gentle suggestions on what to do or how to act always seem to be a path of self-discovery and fulfillment. I am connected to her, but more like how a leaf is connected to a branch, growing from a tree deep in the Earth with roots, rather than how I felt next to Inanna in the heavens. Her beauty seems to be a gift from the heavens for her beautiful spirit.”
Aiden smiled and looked at Marwan. They stopped walking for a moment in the cool shadow of a lone cedar tree. Marwan knew Aiden had something important to say.
“Those three types of beauty are all emanations of love in one form or another. In fact, even though Julia seemed to be vile and her beauty is only an appearance of her skin, it is more than that as well. Sometimes things are the opposite of what they seem.”
Marwan asked, “What are you trying to say?”
“Smiling and being grateful during times of prosperity or abundance is easy to do. It is easy for someone to think that they are in control of their destiny and take responsibility for their actions when feeling fulfilled. However, it is a great joy to the Universe and truly admirable when someone can take responsibility for their actions and be thankful when the world around them seems to be ugly and falling apart. When there is nothing left, yet a soul is still thankful simply for that experience of lack—that is powerful and the energetic repercussions resonate throughout all of the cosmos.”
“What does that have to do with Julia? She is already beautiful and yet isn’t thankful for anything other than her skin, it seems.”
“That is the opposite of what I just explained and those repercussions are great as well. She made quite an impact on you, did she not?”
“She tried to kill me!” Marwan blurted out.
“And she will try again—many times. And many times she will succeed. Your mission is not to become trapped by her fear, hatred and the various forms of downward spirals to self-imprisonment.”
“She will kill me many times? How do you know this—why can’t I stop it or avoid it if you know?”
“Search your heart, Marwan. There are things you wish to discover which have now set you on this path. Like you have been told, this is your last life as this version of your soul. Your next life will be the first as a new soul, once again, and you will be ready for a new set of adventures and a new mission to accomplish.
“Remember these three types of beauty—if you can. During your next series of lives you will see all three of these types mixed up and together, sometimes indistinguishable from each other. You will need to stay true to yourself and your journey if you are to ever find your true love again.”
“Inanna?”
“She will be waiting for you, always, Marwan. But you will not recognize her at first. She will be called a different name—her true name. You heard her name as Inanna because that is the closest name in your current life experiences which enabled you to see her as close to the real her as possible. The length of time it takes for you to see her as who she really is will be the length of time it takes you to start to realize who you really are.”
The eagle circling in the sky distracted Marwan’s attention. They were near the edge of the village now and the eagle was nearer than ever. It seemed to be flying less than half a mile away. It seemed to be pulling Marwan towards it.
“I think we should keep walking, Aiden. There’s something about that eagle flying overhead. It is telling me something, I am sure of it. And there’s something else, too. I seem to feel like something bad—something terrible—is happening right now. The village seemed too quiet today and Pa has been acting strange lately. I couldn’t find anyone I was looking for in the village today—except you. But you’ve told me all about death and omens. Something is happening, I can feel it.”
Marwan quickened his pace toward the direction of the eagle and just before leaving the last few huts and tents on the outskirts of the village, the flaps on one of the tents opened. To Marwan’s surprise, Apate emerged and looked straight at him. Marwan slowed as he saw her and she walked towards him, urging him and Aiden to stop and talk with her.
“Marwan, I’m so glad to see you now. I have to tell you what I just witnessed.” Apate was in a frenzy, obviously distraught and seemed to be stricken with a sense of urgency.
Marwan looked up at the eagle and back down to Apate. There is something going on here and all of this is connected, Marwan thought. From my mother’s trip and Pa’s disappearances, to meeting Aiden and Apate, to traveling to the Spirit World and seeing Inanna, to being cursed by Julia, and now this eagle. What clue will Apate provide right now?
“What did you see, Apate?” Marwan couldn’t help but be sucked into the sense of urgency that Apate had.
“I swear I just saw your Pa tied to an ox’s back and covered with blankets so no one would recognize him, or even tell that a person was under the blankets. A man was leading the ox that way.” Apate pointed in the direction of the eagle.
Marwan demanded, “How do you know it was Pa and why didn’t you alert anyone? Who was it?!” Marwan started to move in the direction of the eagle again and the only thing that kept him from running was the desire to get a little more information from Apate, in case she knew more or was somehow wrong, which he hoped.
Apate started following and said, “I heard a muffled cry for help and it sounded like your Ensi Pa.” Marwan started to run.
“Wait! One more thing, Marwan!” Apate called to Marwan to stop. Marwan turned and looked at her but kept moving.
“What?!” Marwan yelled at Apate.
She yelled, “I spoke with Kübra yesterday and she told me a few things.”
“What?! Marwan demanded as he kept running but slowed a little while Apate tried to keep up while yelling.
“That you must have heard the part about Án wanting to be the ensi instead of Pa?”
Marwan was caught off guard and momentarily perplexed. He tripped over a rock on the ground, but it just served to make him even more furious. He angrily said, “No, I walked away after hearing enough.” Marwan didn’t need to hear any more. He knew what Apate was getting at.
“Did she tell you Án was going to do something to Pa?” But Marwan had heard enough and already started running in the direction of the Eagle again. Apate didn’t need to say anything else to convince Marwan that if something happened to Pa, it was obviously Án who had orchestrated the abduction.
Marwan suspected that Án always wanted to be the Sumerian’s ensi. He didn’t think Án had it in him to plot something so treacherous, but apparently so. I hate him! Marwan was seething with anger.
Apate yelled one last thing to Marwan as he gained distance. “I think Án has done something with Pa!”
Marwan just kept running. There was nothing that would stop the momentum of Marwan now that he was afraid for his father’s safety. Aiden ran beside him. If Án has done anything to Pa, I swear I will kill him. Marwan kept thinking that same thought over and over.
Minutes later, they arrived underneath the area where the eagle was flying. It was a marshy area, where a tributary of the river flowed. Out of breath, Marwan looked up at the eagle, which had started to fly away. It was headed in the direction of the Cedar Forest. Marwan’s attention was on the muddy ground and the wild bushes that were thick, clumpy and overgrown all around. He was looking for any clues. He spotted ox tracks and followed them into a very muddy spot, which was so spongy and wet it was almost like quicksand.
The mud looked freshly disturbed. He sloshed over to the disturbance and reached down into it. He felt something soft—a blanket—and he grabbed ahold. To his horror, as he pulled the blanket up he realized something big—or someone—was wrapped up in it. He pulled and realized he was pulling a limp, lifeless body out of the marsh.
It was hard for Marwan to remember what happened next as the next few events transpired so quickly. But somehow he had unwrapped the body from the blankets next to the mud and found himself yelling up to the sky in agonizing pain. The body was, in fact, Pa—dead.
Marwan cursed the sky, the gods, the ground and most of all, Án. Sometime through his tearful rage, he noticed Aiden was still by his side, kneeling and looking like he was praying in respect for the lifeless body.
“Aiden!” Marwan choked out a yell, even though he was only a few steps away.
Aiden looked up at Marwan with a single tear running down his cheek. He solemnly and quietly said, “The answer to this atrociousness is not violence. Remember the lesson of Tyre.”
“To Hell with Tyre; to Hell with the lessons and to Hell with Án.” Then with more rage welling up, he forcefully yelled, “You are with me or against me and the Sumerians!”
“I am with you, Marwan, always.” Aiden looked saddened and pained but stood up anyway as he followed Marwan while they ran back to the village.
As they ran, the sky grew dark. It was getting late in the day but the sun was not setting yet; instead, dark clouds started to move in and block the light of day. The clouds were growing heavy and it would be raining before nightfall.
Marwan knew he had to go back to his house to tell Maji what had happened before finding Án and dealing with him. As he ran through the village, he saw Benyamina. Tearfully, he embraced her and told her Pa was dead and Án killed him. She knew in Marwan’s intensity he was serious. She immediately began to cry and fell to the ground in distress. Marwan instructed her to pull herself together and go to the elders of the Sumerians’ tribe in the village center. He asked her to tell them what had happened while he would find their mother. After her initial shock wore off, Benyamina mournfully but steadfastly moved in the direction of the village while Marwan turned and continued to his home.
When he arrived at his dwelling, he couldn’t believe what he saw. He blinked a couple times to make sure he wasn’t seeing things. The door flaps had recently been ripped off and laid on the ground next to the entrance. There were signs of a scuffle on the ground outside the front entrance yet the oxen that had taken Maji on her journey were still tied up to the posts where they were earlier in the day. In a panic, he ran inside the home, only to find it empty.
As he ran back outside, he heard a noise in the distance—an eagle’s call. The same eagle was flying overhead, on the other side of the village this time. It seemed to be moving further and further away as it circled. Marwan knew it was a sign. He searched inside his home for a weapon but could only find a knife used for cutting meat. He picked it up and ran back outside, determined to enact retribution for this wrongdoing. I know who attacked my family and I’m ready to kill him.
To his surprise, he saw Án approaching his home.
“You!” Marwan charged at Án with all his might and speed. As he darted towards Án, Marwan yelled, “You killed him!”
“Marwan, wait! I heard what happened—it wasn’t me!” Án pleaded as Marwan sprinted. “I want to help!”
“Liar!” Marwan screamed while Aiden simultaneously yelled, “Marwan! Don’t!”
There was nothing that would convince Marwan of Án’s innocence. Marwan was caught up in his emotions, couldn’t see clearly and didn’t remember his conversation with Inanna in the Spirit World.
Án stood up straight and braced himself for the attack. He didn’t have a weapon and wasn’t a skilled fighter like Marwan. Being smaller and skinnier than Marwan, he had no chance of defending himself against the muscular warrior that was charging towards him.
Marwan never wavered as he jumped into the air and tackled Án. Án was knocked to the Earth and his head slammed into the ground, dazing him. Stunned and half-conscious, Án tried to grab ahold of anything to get off the ground and away from Marwan. Unfortunately, he grabbed Marwan’s neck and without any hesitation, Marwan plunged the knife into Án’s heart. Án gasped for air and coughed up blood.
Like a crazed man, Marwan jumped up and backwards. He stood staring at Án, wide-eyed. Marwan was in a shocked, bloodthirsty frenzy and wasn’t fully present in that moment. As he came to, Marwan realized what had just happened and heard Án wheezing out a few last words.
“I know why you have always hated me—but I’ve only held your best interest at heart.” Án clasped his bleeding chest.
He continued, “I remind you of the parts of yourself that you despise. I wish I could have helped you, Marwan.”
“You killed Pa—you deserve to die.” Marwan was speaking softly now as though he couldn’t believe what was really going on.
“I loved Ensi Pa. You can’t see... I hope… you don’t suffer...” Án had a faraway look in his eyes and started to fade from the loss of blood that was pooling around his body, still laying in the dusty path.
As though the sky started to cry, Marwan felt the first drops of rain sprinkling for the night on his head and arms. The clouds opened up and within moments, it started raining.
Marwan shivered and looked around. He felt small. He felt very powerless and scared. Marwan whispered, “If you didn’t kill him, who did?”
But Án could no longer talk as he choked on the last few gulps of air he could take from the world. He closed his eyes and Marwan could tell he had just died.
“You wouldn’t hear it or believe anything except what you already conceived as the truth. This event will now stick with you through many lifetimes, Marwan, rippling consequences you can’t even imagine right now.” Aiden was standing behind Marwan as he spoke sternly to him.
Marwan turned around and, regaining some of his anger, said, “Fortuneteller, tell me who killed Pa. I know you know!”
Aiden looked Marwan straight in the eye and with all seriousness said, “Who do you think did it?”
Marwan saw the eagle flying overhead off in the distance and realized he needed to find Maji—now—before it was too late for her. It’s odd the eagle flies in the rain, he thought. Then Marwan realized that the direction the eagle was in was the exact same direction as where he had met Julia the day before.
Still staring at the sky, Marwan whispered, “Julia,” while little soft drops of rain splashed onto his face.
“You need to focus, Marwan. Only through focus and with meditative intent will you find the courage and hope that you need to overcome this last lesson.”
Marwan started running again. Like before, Aiden followed. Marwan was unsure what to do and felt more out of control than ever in his life. If it was true that Án was innocent, he had just killed an innocent medicine man out of uncontrolled rage. That sin was itself punishable by death or even worse—by banishment. But even worse than any punishment was that if Án was telling him the truth, than Marwan had misguidedly judged Án his entire life. Who am I?
As Marwan ran, he thought about how he didn’t want to be alone, exiled from his friends and the people he loved. He had lost too much today already. I feel like a child again, like I need my parents’ guidance—but now they are gone and it is too late for Pa. Is this mistake going to seal my fate?
What would the elders deem of this young man destined to be ensi but demonstrably childish and willing to murder out of a haunch? Apate tricked me, he realized as he ran. But instead of wishing death on her, in his anguished, contemplative state of mind, he hoped he could understand something more and somehow make it through this unreal, horrifying nightmarish ordeal.
It’s so hard to believe that Pa’s gone—and Án’s gone—and mother is nowhere to be found. Then a name sprang to his mind like a venomous snake lunging at its prey—Kübra. She must be involved somehow.
The rain was coming down harder with each passing minute. Marwan looked up for the eagle but it was no longer there. But Marwan didn’t need the sign anymore; he knew exactly where he was going—to the marshy lair of Julia.
Before he knew it, Marwan had sprinted the entire way to the same spot he had met Julia the day before. The sun was just setting on the horizon and he calculated he had about thirty minutes or so before it was completely dark and Julia would have a major advantage by knowing the territory. He had to act fast.
Marwan motioned to Aiden to be silent and to follow his lead. They slowed and walked silently, listening for anything out of the ordinary. Then Marwan heard it—a slight moaning. It was clearly the sound of someone in pain and probably barely conscious. Marwan couldn’t help it; he sprinted to the noise yelling, “Ma, Ma!”
He found her, but in the fading light of the day, Marwan wasn’t sure if the light was playing tricks on his eyes. He screamed in agonizing horror at the crumpled, broken body he saw laying before him.
“No, Ma, no, no, no…” Marwan couldn’t help but let the floodgates open from his eyes. The emotion of everything happening was too much to bear and he put his head on the bruised, swollen and bloody face of Maji, cheek to cheek. She was still alive but Marwan didn’t know for how long.
She was contorted in ways that no human body should be. It was clear to Marwan that her back was broken; she was folded in half backwards. Her arms were a twisted mess as well, both of them broken. Her legs had been broken, too, and she was bleeding pretty badly; her clothing was torn and soaked in blood.
As if anything was worse than her body being so broken, her face had been cut up with a knife or some other object. She would have been unrecognizable to anyone except those who were closest to her.
As Marwan cried over finding his mother like this, she spoke to him in a choked voice. “Don’t be sad, Marwan, everything is going to be okay. But don’t let her become ensi, she can’t…”
“Who, mother?”
Maji hoarsely said, “Kübra. She’s jealous of all that’s beautiful and powerful. You must protect Benyamina. You and her are what’s left. Go find her, Marwan, before it’s too late.”
“I can’t leave you here like this, Mother!”
“I’m going to die, son, soon. No doctor in the land can help me now. I am too broken.”
“I’ll stay with her, Marwan.” Aiden stepped forward. “I’ll stay with her in her final moments and pray with her. I’ll see that her transition to the other side is hopeful and with light. You must save Benyamina—now.”
Marwan couldn’t imagine leaving his mother like that, but he had a profound sense Aiden was right. After killing Án, according to customs, Marwan would not be able to be ensi and Benyamina would be the rightful heir. And if Benyamina were murdered, Kübra, since she was Án’s partner, would be the next in line to take the place of ensi. After losing so much, at least he might have a chance at saving Benyamina. Marwan had just seen her less than an hour ago and he thought that there was a real possibility he could protect her.
Still clutching Maji, Marwan whispered, “I love you, Mother. I’m so thankful for all you have given to me and I’ll see you again. You’re such a beautiful soul, Mother. I am sure our journey together is far from over.” A tear fell from Marwan’s face onto Maji’s bloody cheek. It looked to Marwan like she smiled and to Marwan, it held all the radiance and beauty of the smile he knew was his mother’s.
Marwan continued, “I’ll get them for this, Mother. Kübra, Julia and whoever else is involved will pay for all the pain they’ve caused.”
Barely a faint whisper, Maji said, “Let it go, my warrior son. You will know so much someday. For now, save Benyamina and let Karma take care of it. Be a better man—the man I know you really are. Promise me.”
Marwan didn’t know what to say or do about her last request but knew he had to listen. He whispered, “You have my word.”
Marwan stood up and looked at Aiden with an honest expression of trust. It was understood what would happen now and no words were needed. Aiden knelt down beside Maji. Marwan turned away, wiped his eyes, and started sprinting back to the village as though he had wings. After about an hour as he ran back, the rain suddenly stopped and the clouds started to dissipate. Somehow, Marwan knew that Maji had passed on. He clenched his fists and ran even faster.
As he ran through the village, he decided to act on a haunch—go to the riverside where they always went. To his relief, he found Benyamina sitting there by the water looking at the moon’s reflection. She stood up and turned to Marwan as he approached. Marwan gave her a bear hug and she started sobbing on his shoulders. They didn’t say anything in those moments but just comforted each other.
Then, Marwan heard a noise coming from the trees close by. He looked up in alert and thought he saw three silhouettes in the moonlight.
“Benny, we must go. It is not safe here for you.” Marwan grabbed her hand and started to lead her down the path into the heart of the village where there would be more people. But then he heard the chanting of a wicked voice that sounded too familiar—Julia. He knew immediately what she was doing—she was casting another spell.

“Slipping and tripping you’re losing your footing
Stumbling and fumbling you tumble on down…”

Marwan wondered what had happened with the black bear last time and thought he probably wouldn’t be so lucky this time. He couldn’t afford to take any chances and needed to act fast. Before he knew it, he had tripped over a rock and fell to the ground.

“Wiggle and wriggle like worms that are squirming
Stuck to the web that ties you to the ground!”

Not this time, witch. Marwan grabbed the fist-sized rock he had just tripped on and as he fell, with the last of his strength he threw it at Julia. It was a direct hit to the center of her chest. He heard her gasp and she must have fallen backwards because he heard a crash in the brush. As her concentration was broken, he immediately felt the effects of the spell wane.
Marwan pulled out the knife he had taken from his home earlier, jumped to his feet and ran towards the place where he knew she had just fallen. He heard the brush move and it seemed like someone was running away. Julia was lying on the ground trying to recover her breath, but beside her, Kübra stood glaring at Marwan.
Kübra’s face looked just as evil as Julia’s. The only difference between the two was that whereas Julia looked lost and insane, Kübra looked determined, like she was catching a meal. To Marwan’s amazement, Kübra had a long knife and suddenly stabbed it right through Julia’s heart while she was still trying to regain her breath. Julia’s eyes widened and Marwan knew her life only had moments left. Kübra then pulled out a small bag from her side and threw it towards Marwan.
It was a powdery substance in the bag that went flying through the air. Marwan jumped back and most of it landed in the dirt beside him, but a small amount landed on his right leg. He immediately felt a stinging—then a burning through his skin. He realized it was some kind of acid powder that she had and the burning instantly brought Marwan to the ground in pain. He dropped his knife. Marwan tried to regain his balance and stand up but Kübra had reached him already.
Marwan could swear he saw fangs as Kübra hissed at him, “I’ll be the ensi now, and the most beautiful woman in the world. Your mother never deserved anything and she screamed in pain as I beat her and cut her.” Kübra laughed hideously as the acid burned through Marwan’s skin. As he tried to get up, Kübra swung the same bloody knife she had just killed Julia with at Marwan, slashing his chest. Marwan yelled in pain but somehow he found the strength to stand up with his good leg and move backwards.
Kübra swung again and Marwan dodged out of the way, but she managed to slash his left arm this time. Marwan could feel the blood from his chest dripping down his skin like the rain had been earlier, and every time he moved it sent searing pain through his body. His left arm was weak now, too. His leg felt like it was being eaten alive and he wondered if this would be the end of him.
With incredible concentration and focus that seemed to come from the deepest parts of his being, Marwan was able to grab Kübra’s knife-wielding arm as she lunged at him again.
They both tumbled to the ground. Kübra was aiming for Marwan’s throat and it was all the weakened Marwan could do to hold her and the knife inches from his throat. Kübra was leaning in with her entire body’s weight and using both arms against Marwan’s single good arm. The knife moved closer and closer to Marwan’s skin.
Just as Marwan thought he couldn’t hold her off anymore, she yelped and fell on Marwan’s wounded chest, limp and unconscious. Marwan pushed her off and rolled over to see Benyamina holding a large, knotted piece of hard, wet wood. She had just used it as a club and hit Kübra over the head.
“Benny—I was supposed to save you. Thanks. But wait, there was a third person that I heard run away—did you get a look at who it was?” Marwan’s adrenaline enabled him to stand up as he wobbled unsteadily and scanned the moonlit riverbanks, looking for the third silhouette he saw.
But Marwan could not stay conscious any longer. The poison was working its way into his leg and as he looked through the black night in vain for the vanished accomplice, he blacked out and fell to the ground.

*     *     *

Marwan shivered as he woke up, startled. The burning that he had felt in his legs earlier was gone, but replaced with a strong, dull ache. In fact, every muscle in his whole body ached.
He was in a lot of pain as he realized he was in his bed at home and a few people were looking over him. Benyamina, Aiden and even Darius were there. It was apparently a new day and the sun was shining outside. Marwan didn’t know how many days had passed. A medicine man from another tribe was looking over him as well, while talking to Aiden.
“His fever broke and he seems to be relaxed. This is amazing—unlike anything I’ve ever seen. How did you know that the herbs you chose would work like this?”
The medicine man is obviously talking about me. As Marwan struggled to open his eyes fully, he heard Aiden say, “I’ve been around. I’ve seen many things during many lifetimes—and I remember them all. This will not be mine and Marwan’s last journey together.”
Marwan groggily started propping himself up on his elbows and everyone’s attention shifted to him. He looked at Benyamina and said, “What happened to Kübra?”
“She’s alive but has been banished from the village, to never return. You did it, Marwan—you saved me.” Benyamina’s eyes were teary as she spoke.
Marwan said, “How did I get here—what about the third person?”
Benyamina lowered her eyes in sadness as she spoke. “It was Tyre, Marwan. He ran off during your fight with the witch and Kübra. He didn’t realize what he had gotten into and was afraid. He ran back into the village and was so shaken, everybody noticed. He started drinking the firewater and wandering around town muttering strange things. The elders knew something was amiss and got all of the information out of him when he sobered up. He told them exactly what had happened—to Pa, Ma and to us.” As Benyamina spoke of their parents, her voice shook in sadness.
“Tyre? That poor, poor soul.” Marwan was not angry with him, even though Marwan now knew Tyre had played a hand in his parents’ deaths. Instead, Marwan felt sorry for the lost, dejected soul known as Tyre, the son of Balth, an abandoner. In fact, Marwan felt oddly clear, as though he understood life for what it meant. Marwan didn’t think he could put it in words but he knew his feelings had something to do with compassion and love, like Maji had always said. He had come a long way in the past week and matured into someone he didn’t realize could exist.
Benyamina continued, “Tyre said that the witch, Julia, had approached Kübra and told her of a murderous plot. Apparently, Kubra is a Reptilian soul that hid her true intentions well. She suggested to Julia that they recruit Tyre to help kidnap Pa.
“You see, Marwan, Pa never returned that night you were gone to the Cedar Forest. They had taken him earlier than anyone of us knew.
“He also said that Kübra was insanely jealous of Ma, and not only wanted her beauty but the power of being ensi. After trying to steal Pa away while mother was gone, but being rejected, she became more furious and determined than ever to take control. That was co-incidentally when Julia found her.”
Marwan realized that what he had heard that night between Kübra and Pa was exactly that—not anything more. I was so naïve and quick to think I knew more than I did. I should have known…
Marwan spoke aloud, “I shouldn’t have gone off that night—none of this would have happened if I could have saved Pa.”
Aiden said, “It all happened for a reason, Marwan. You are not responsible for the actions of others—but you are responsible in how you react and respond to them. This is how you learn and grow. Life is a series of moments to experience and these experiences are a gift—even if they are not understandable in the present.
Someday, you will have a better understanding as to why all of this has happened. The important thing to do now is to grow, to change, to stay in the light and believe in the hope for this beautiful world and all its inhabitants.”
Marwan suddenly had another thought. “Aiden, what about Apate? She must have seen that Julia and Kübra were with Tyre, and she deliberately made me think that Án was behind kidnapping Pa. Where is that trickster? Did she have a hand in all of this?”
“Apate did what she believed was right. She is not responsible for your actions just like you are not responsible for Kübra’s. You will no doubt see Án again in future lives and attempt to make amends. Killing Án was not the best thing to do; however, events could have been worse, too.
“Think about this: You are not old enough to be the ensi for another year. If you did not kill Án, he would have become the temporary ensi since he was next in status—and Kübra the ensi’s wife. During the next year, Julia would no doubt be in the background, plotting your doom. And it would not have been long before Kübra found a way to kill Án along with you and Benyamina. That was her original plan, but with Án dead, she had to murder you and Benyamina right away to assure her place as ensi. Killing Án set a different path and a different fate than what was originally planned—ultimately sealing hers.”
Marwan grimaced. “That is a painful thought and I would like to believe that something different could have happened. I thought there were infinite possibilities, Aiden.” Marwan blinked a few times and couldn’t help but let a tear roll down his cheek.
“Something different could have happened, Marwan—but it didn’t. One thing is certain, though. It all happened for a reason that is bigger than us here in this room right now. The Sumerian tribe is safe and Benyamina will go on to be a wonderful, generous ensi.”
Marwan repeated Aiden’s words in a soft whisper, “Benyamina will go on to be…” Marwan’s voice trailed off as he pondered the implications of what Aiden had just said.
Aiden looked Marwan in the eyes and proudly said, “Beyond the Sumerian tribe is the future of this village, this valley, this world. Mesopotamia is the beginning of the next phase in human evolution and many, many more people than you can imagine will help make this transformation on Earth magnificent and breathtaking.
“This valley is the beginning of enormous civilizations which spread like wildfire throughout the world, creating giant villages with tens of thousands of people. Technology will advance rapidly. Many souls will live, die and experience life here on Earth.
“There is a mission you are about to embark upon that will transform you even more than you are now. I’ve seen it—I’ve lived it.”
Aiden bent closer to Marwan’s face, and with the utmost sincerity said, “Marwan, you are needed. You are needed more than you could possibly know.”
For the first time that he could remember, Marwan had trouble accepting that he was actually important to the world. He felt a sense of selflessness and a sense of hope.
Then, looking around at everyone, Marwan said with certainty, “Benyamina will become our ensi.”
Marwan looked at Benyamina and with a great peace in his voice asked, “I’m dying, aren’t I?” Marwan smiled somberly as he waited for a response. Benyamina looked like she wanted to say ‘no, you are going to live forever,’ but couldn’t. Instead, she stood there as more tears fell down her cheeks.
After a few moments, she said, “I’ll always look up to you, Marwan. You’re an inspiration to me and always will be.”
The medicine man stepped over to Marwan and said, “The poison that Kübra threw at you has created an infection through your blood, Marwan. I didn’t think that you would ever wake up again but Aiden created a potion that has worked a miracle. I think you may have a day left before…”
“Before I die,” Marwan interrupted. “I understand. But I have one last request.”
Marwan looked back at his sister and friends as he said, “I do not want to die in this bed. I want to go back to the Cedar Forest and face my fate there. I want to feel the magic and the wonder that the forest holds for our people and me. While I am there, I can pass to the other side with hope and love.”
Darius spoke. “My father has some oxen ready for travel already. He was going to use them to take some items to the same Akkadian village Maji went to, but I am sure he would be more than willing to let you use one in order to fulfill your last request, Marwan.”
“Bring them here, Darius—and thank you, my good, good friend.” Darius immediately left to fetch the oxen while Benyamina and Aiden prepared some food and other items to take to the Cedar Forest. Not even two hours later, Marwan, Darius, Aiden and Benyamina were on the way to the forest together.
When they arrived, Marwan felt the magic of the forest again. He felt a new life enter his bones and a new spirit elevate his mind. Facing death, he felt more alive than ever. Marwan directed them to the same spot where he had traveled to the Spirit World a couple nights before. Once they stopped, they laid Marwan on some soft blankets on the ground. He looked up at the treetops and sky. He watched the leaves dance in the wind.
As the sun set over the treetops, he felt a fever starting to take over his body and he started sweating. He felt hot and cold at the same time, lightheaded and his muscles still ached—but he was strangely at peace.
Darius grabbed a hold of Marwan’s hand and gripped it tightly, as though he could keep Marwan from slipping out of the world just a little longer. He’s a good friend, Marwan thought. I hope to see him again someday.
Benyamina hung Marwan’s dreamcatcher on a branch above him as she started singing a simple tune that they had known since childhood. The Sumerian tribe all knew this song well—it stretched back through time and no one knew who had originally written it. Darius and Aiden sang along, too. Marwan was glad to hear it and he closed his eyes as he listened.

“Life is a wonderful vision
but visions are not as they seem
We’ll see you again when we are all risen
all dreamers of magical dreams”

As Marwan was listening, he realized that he was in the tunnel that ran through the ground to the Spirit World again. Deeper and deeper he walked until he saw an opening up ahead and the sunlight shining from the other side. As he made his way towards the entrance, just before he stepped through, he could hear a voice in his mind. He knew it was Aiden speaking from the world he was departing.
“Blessings, Marwan. Your transformation is near completion and you are a new soul—a soul that will emanate hope and leadership for the inexperienced and lost souls of Earth. Remember the love and beauty you have witnessed, as well as the manipulation of such, which forgets true beauty and attempts to twist all that radiates light. You may not remember this lifetime, but remember to feel the genuineness and authenticity you have lived and learned. Go with peace, Marwan—or rather, Rowan.”
Rowan felt that the name Marwan was now somehow uncharacteristic, or at least unfitting for him. He remembered that Marwan was his name before—but not now. His name was Rowan and he would navigate the dream called life with a purpose and mission that he did not consciously know yet, but felt deep in his being.
Rowan heard Aiden say one last thing that seemed to echo down the long corridor behind him, as he stepped into the Spirit World.
“Seven thousand years is but a lifetime away. I’ll see you soon, Rowan.”
Seven thousand years, huh? I wonder what the world will be like then, Rowan thought as he stomped through the grassy fields of the Spirit World, looking for Inanna. He looked up at the sky and saw spirits flying around like birds. He couldn’t see their faces but he knew they were all smiling and welcoming him. He approached a forest and Bear was waiting for him at the edge of the trees. As Rowan neared, he could see that Bear was gesturing towards what looked like a doorway in the forest. Rowan knew that the doorway would take him from the Spirit World and into an even purer plane of existence where energy and matter merge together. Rowan sensed that once through the doorway, he would not return to the Spirit World until he was born on the Earth again.
Rowan decided to not go through the door yet. He would stay and look for Inanna in this timeless realm for a little longer. As he turned around and started walking, the forest began to change. It started getting colder and the sun’s light was dimming. Rowan suddenly started to feel as if something was not right, but he walked on anyway. Then he heard an emotionless, lifeless voice.
“So we meet again, Rowan. There is no better place to scar your soul than here in this land of spirits.”
Rowan turned around but could not see the voice that was speaking to him. He looked around and up, but it seemed to be coming from all directions. The trees next to him seemed to come alive and reach for his arms and legs. All Rowan could hear as the tree branches wrapped around his wrists and ankles was the cackling of a witch in some sort of perfectly even, symmetrical rhythm. It was a haunting and yet monotone sound that didn’t seem human.
Then she appeared—Julia. She came out of a dark mist and walked slowly and steadily towards Rowan. Just then, some of the spirits Rowan had seen flying above him moments earlier came to his aid and swooped down to overwhelm the evil spirit. They flew about her head and latched on to Julia’s skin. As more and more spirits grabbed a hold of Julia, her clothes began to change from a black to a purple color. The purpler she became, the more in pain she seemed to be and she fell to the ground.
A single spirit landed next to Rowan and looked at him. Rowan could see it was only a child—a little girl in white robes. She was beautiful and looked at him with deep, loving eyes.
She said, “I am one of the lost souls, Rowan. Julia pushed me out of my body before I was born. But you will save me, I know you will—I have faith in you. 
“The other lost souls will continue to open Julia’s third eye chakra, causing her to feel all the pain she has and will cause. But we don’t have much time before she becomes numb—even to all of that.”
The lost soul started undoing the tree branches that had a grip on Rowan. Once he was free, the lost soul pointed to the doorway, which had magically moved and was very near to them.
“Go, Rowan—you must. You will face Julia again, but now is not the time. You are needed in another time and another place. Others are waiting for you.”
The soul faintly smiled and Rowan nodded reluctantly. He turned and started running towards the door. He saw Bear coming out of the forest towards him, too, as if to urge him to hurry.
“I’ll acquire your soul, Rowan! You will not escape!” Julia howled to Rowan as he stepped through the doorway.
Bear slammed the door shut behind him and the next thing Rowan experienced was being whisked away in a bubble of tranquility and safety. Rowan collected himself and realized he knew where he was going because Aiden had told him—seven thousand years in the future.

*     *     *
SHADOWS’ LIGHT
BOOK ONE

CHAPTER 1 | DREAMCATCHER

“All right, Rowan, put the computer away. It’s past Aiden’s bedtime,” the old, cracking nanny’s voice softly called from the hallway next to his room. She didn’t have to look; she knew he was on it. Rowan reluctantly shut his laptop with a frown. He was already lying in his bed across from his younger brother Aiden’s.
The nanny, who they called Old Ma, took a step into his room and with a half–sideways twist of her bulbous wrist, flicked the light switch off. She had horrible posture, with a slightly noticeable hunchback. She had told Rowan once before that she was born this way.
“Goodnight, boys,” she said as she hobbled out.
With the light off and his laptop closed, the only light left on in his room was the dim nightlight on the far wall. Rowan looked over at Aiden, who he shared a room with. He was already sleeping. When Aiden was tired, he was really tired and just fell right to sleep. Maybe that was part of his autism, Rowan thought, or maybe it was just him. Rowan sighed and wished he could remember their real mother.
It was storming outside and lightning flashed, briefly lighting up their room through their bedroom window. Startled, Rowan could swear he thought he saw someone outside with a long, black raincoat on. The person was in the front of his house, out on the sidewalk, looking directly at him. He could feel goose bumps on his arm as more thunder boomed, following the lightning. Thirteen-year-old Rowan shuddered and his teeth chattered.
I’m graduating middle school at the end of this week, thought Rowan. There’s no need to be scared of a little old storm and someone walking down the street. I’m gonna be in high school next year.
He laid flat with his head on his pillow, looking up at his dreamcatcher. It was then that he realized it wasn’t there. He blinked a couple times as though it would appear and he just didn’t see it at first. It was his special dreamcatcher that he had had since he could remember. He liked to imagine that his real mom gave it to him before going from foster home to foster home, but he and no one else really seemed to know where it had come from. And no, it wasn’t hanging above his bed any longer.
It was all he could do to not jump up and frantically start searching for it. Over the years, he had had crazy dreams that his little brother liked to listen to the stories of. In fact, Aiden liked to think that his older brother was psychic, but Rowan didn’t want to think about that. He just wanted to be normal. And his dreams were often confusing and left him stressed out. Too stressed out for a kid to have to feel, he had heard Old Ma telling his foster parents.
With his dreamcatcher hanging over his head, he would only have good dreams. The nightmares of strange places and faraway times didn’t plague him. When he did have those nightmares or vivid dreams, though, he would talk them through by recording video log stories of them. That always made him feel better.
Maybe it was because he was about to graduate from eighth grade and feeling extra courageous, but he decided he would be okay sleeping for the night without it. It was probably Aiden that took the dreamcatcher again, Rowan told himself.
He could still hear the storm outside; it sounded like it was really pouring hard. Thunder crashed again, but Rowan closed his eyes and reached inside of himself to find his fearlessness. Good dreams, good dreams, Rowan silently repeated.
Rowan could hear his foster sister, Benita, and her two friends down the hall, giggling about something. She was having a sleepover that Friday night. Maybe it was one of them outside just now, he thought…
NOTE FROM THE AUTHOR

Thank you for reading!

Dear Reader,

I hope you enjoyed A Spell, A Prayer, & A Wish: Prequel of The End of Fate. Writing the prequel to a trilogy I already have written was a fun way to give more personality and explanation to the characters.

After releasing A Spell, A Prayer, & A Wish I had a lot of readers giving me different comments or criticism. As an author, I love feedback. You readers are the reason I tell these stories. So, let me know what you liked, loved, or even hated about the story. I would be more than happy to hear from you. You can write me at parkerhennegan@gmail.com and visit me on the web at www.twitter.com/ParkerHennegan or www.facebook.com/ParkerHennegan.

Finally, I need to ask you for a favor. If you’re so inclined, I’d love a review of A Spell, A Prayer, & A Wish. Loved it—hated it, I’d just enjoy your feedback.

Reviews can be tough for an indie author to come by nowadays. You, the reader, have the power to make or break a book. If you have the time, please write a little something.

Thank you so much for being a part of The End of Fate and for spending time with me.

Much appreciation,
Parker Hennegan
ABOUT THE AUTHOR

Parker Hennegan lives in southern Arizona with his beautiful wife and two adorable daughters. He was classically trained as a music composer and continues to compose both music and prose.

If you’d like to know about new releases and only new releases, then the Parker Hennegan newsletter is for you. You may unsubscribe at any time. Your email address will never be shared with anyone or anything. Thank you for being a part of Parker Hennegan’s world.


Sign up for Parker Hennegan’s Newsletter: 
http://eepurl.com/6t7JT


“If you want to find the secrets of the universe, think in terms of energy, frequency and vibration.” – Dr. Nikola Tesla

“It followed from the special theory of relativity that mass and energy are both but different manifestations of the same thing.” – Albert Einstein
