






A Twist of Eternity


By Paul R Glazier


Published by Paul R Glazier at Smashwords
Copyright 2012 Paul R Glazier

Smashwords Edition, License Notes 
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


 
To Richard and George.
May you have found the answers to all the questions.


Chapter 1 A Dinner Date

Extract from ‘Men and Monks’ by Solin De’Teinde.
Most believe they were the first race; their history seems to go back through the millennia, further than any lore of others. Some say they were once a great people, they had dominion over the entire world, but they fell from grace and were all but destroyed from within. Following their great demise, the survivors lived in small communities, many of these survive to this day as monasteries. The order of monks is ancient; no one can be sure how old, but records at some of its monasteries go back many millennia proving that man has been on this world for many ages past. I can assume that what is written in those records still holds true today, for the ministries were set up to provide sanctuary, protection and learning, places to seek and find and perhaps to contemplate and remember.
To us, human kind seems a strange race for they are akin to no other. Individuals have varied temperaments, a mix of all the other races, neither failing nor excelling in any art or design. Quick to learn but equally quick to forget. 
History records that in older times human individuals lived longer, some recorded as being alive for more than five hundred years. But now perhaps because of the great age of humanity their blood has become diluted. Too many generations have weakened human kind through the long ages. Thus they are fewer now, no longer great builders of cities, renowned merchants or revellers of great designs. Some say that is why they die, each becoming bored with life itself, for out of all the races human kind can count the years they remain in the world to no more than one hundred and fifty and many do not reach that age. For as time travels onward the years dwindle and fade, for the fate of humans is to age whilst they are on the earth until in death they return to it.
But in my experience they remain a great people, true and strong, wise and learned, reliable and trustworthy. There is hope for them yet of that I am sure.
~

I had the day off! 
My tutor, within whose class I was scheduled to learn some arcane science, had to travel away for a few days to attend a meeting of the governing counsel of the various monastic orders across the region. I could have used the free day to read up on that same arcane science. I could have spent the time studying the varied languages of the races. I could have whiled away the hours pawing over the many books in the library. No doubt this would have been expected of me.
But I couldn’t shake off a feeling of lethargy. I felt guilty, I knew I would suffer stern words for my laziness, but no amount of self-correction and chastising was going to change my mind. No, I was going to waste this time given me in pure self-indulgences. Oh happy day it was! I found myself wandering in the woodlands around the abbey grounds, caring for little, thinking even less. I would go to visit the wonderful waterfall that gives the abbey its name and walk in the woodlands, for it is only in amongst the trees that I found I could truly relax and enjoy the luxury of having time to myself.
The sun was warm, shafts of bright light penetrating through the trees above, I could discern the mottled flashing of sunlight through the leaves as they danced about in the warm breeze. I let out a long sighing breath. The woodlands brought fond memories, those of my home, a reminder that I had not returned there for many years. At times like this I missed my father, the fun and laughter of my own people, of being amongst those of my own culture, the T’Iea. 
“Minervar,” I heard my name called.
“Minervar,” again, but closer. 
“Minervar?” Closer still, with a questioning lilt.
A mischievous thought entered my mind. I shall hide, a smile formed on my lips. I knew that voice calling to me. I shall have some fun.
“Mini, where are you, if your hiding I shall not forgive you.”
A brief smirk crossed my features, he knows me well, too well perhaps and I can’t help feel kindness wash over me. I ducked down listening, he was still a little way off but heading my way. So stooping as low as I could, I made my way around to the far side of the small mossy hillock on which I had been lying.
After several scurried dashes around the side of the hill I guessed he must have walked to the top and now I must be at his back. I risked a look up the hill, but alas he wasn’t to be seen. I felt sure of his position, the sound of his voice, I felt I could pin point it to the tiniest measurement. I stood slowly and was immediately whisked off my feet by strong arms. I stifled a scream, and kicked my legs but to no avail, the grip that held me was a vice, two iron arms had me held as I tried to kick and struggle.
The voice behind me saying in a soft but steady tone, “Mini stop kicking so, I thought your training was in the arts of healing, not in the fighting disciplines and ways of a Monk.” 
I relaxed, I knew he wouldn’t release his grip until I had stopped my struggling, how kind this human whom I had gotten to know. He will not put me down until he is sure I will not injure him, or more importantly in his thoughts, not injure myself in my struggles. So I was turned and placed once more on my feet to face my captor. I looked sternly into his face, he a quizzical look upon his features, looked into mine. A handsome face I thought, moustached and with a slightly greying well-trimmed beard, as is the habit and fashion of humans. So unlike the T’Iea, for our men folk have little body hair apart from that upon the head. His hair also tinged with grey, long to his shoulders with fronds gathered from above his ears tied into a simple plait at the back of his head. I let a kindly smile slowly come over my face; he continued to look slightly bemused. 
“Hello Jondris” I said, “good to see you.” 
He cocked his head to one side and asked, “What were you doing creeping around like that?” 
“ummm …. I ……. I was trying to creep up behind you.” I confessed the truth as I couldn’t think of anything else to say. I was rewarded for he laughed out loud, a laugh I love to hear. Humans seem so serious, and to hear one laugh is a good thing, especially for a T’Iea who make a language out of laughter. “Alright,” I was resigned, “I know I’m not good at that kind of thing, if I wanted to be expert at stealth I would have become a ranger, and not chosen the druids path and become a healer.”
His smile broadened further, he looked a little confused. “But Mini you are a superb healer,” your faith and learning is second to none that I have ever come across.”
I smiled, for he was kind. But alas I knew my teachings were far from complete. Yes, my druid masters seemed pleased with my progress, but I had yet to prove my prowess in the field, yet to prove to myself that I was able to stay focused, healing those in battle, relieving them of their pain and suffering as they fight to vanquish all kinds of foe. Yes, even make those beyond help live their last moments in peace, allow them the time to make their amity before the Maker. Many evil things are present in this world, a multitude of ways to die. I know, for I have studied most of them. I ask myself constantly, could I heal in battle? Could I in an instant, decide what ails my comrades, choose from the library of knowledge at my disposal which to use, what to choose, and all in an instant to save a life? Could I focus that much? Call upon the arcane energy, with the heat of battle all around me? Could I disregard threats and attacks delivered close by, even at me directly, to ensure the health of the ones that matter, those who bravely fight, the warriors, rangers and guardians and yes, even monks? I shuddered at the thought.
“You’re cold,” he said.
“No, it’s nothing Jon,” I smiled quickly, shrugging off the feeling of melancholy. “What did you want anyway, calling me so?”
“Well, I just thought you might like some company, my duties for the day are done, and I was going to find something to eat. I looked for you at the abbey but found out that Tutor Hatloss was away at the Assembly of the Cloisters and his class was disbanded until his return. You weren’t in the library, so I put two and two together and looked for you here. I thought you may like to join me, seeing as you were probably at a loose end.” He smiled broadly, cocking his head and raising one eyebrow in a knowing way.
I giggled, “what a wonderful idea Jon.” So I took his arm and gripping his hand in mine we started to saunter in the direction of the local village of Corbond.
It was a pleasant evening, we walked side by side, we didn’t rush, preferring to walk unhurriedly enjoying the relaxed moment, for the night gates of Corbond would remain open for a good few hours yet and the stroll was very pleasant with the sunlight still shining down through the trees highlighting abstract patterns on the leaf littered floor of the forest. We walked in silence for the most part, one thing I did learn from humans, especially human males, is that they do not say an awful lot. I smiled thinking of how I would mock poor Jondris about this fact and the sighs he would make at my taunting. I remembered how when I first met him, I let out a smirk remembering the trouble Jondris had with pronunciations in my language. To many tongue twisting syllables. I was to be placed here to learn from these quiet thinking humans, to study with them the arts of inner self awareness, and above all focused spiritual discipline.
I sniggered at the word discipline, there is no equivalent translation of the word into the T’Iea language, the nearest I can think of is I’ren’nualle which means to pay attention. All T’Iea are impetuous and flighty by nature, we love to play and to make fun, pranks and tricks of all kinds are a delight to us. I quickly found that playing tricks on these serious humans was indeed much fun, for their reaction to such things I found highly amusing. My masters also deemed it a good idea to send me to this place to subdue my playful disposition, or at least to give me an alternative to channel my thoughts. Had it worked? Perhaps the future would decide. I smiled to myself thinking it was impossible to remove the fun from any T’Iea, the two are inseparable. Seeing Jondris’s smiles and laughter today made me think that some of the T’Iea may be rubbing off on him after all. A good thing I thought, for the student learns from the master, but it would be a sad day when the master in turn, did not learn anything from the student.
I hummed a favourite tune to myself as I glanced from side to side, the rhythm of doing this made me want to dance and I spun around a couple of times on my toes, trying to pick up the vibrant rhythms of the forest. Jondris looked down upon me in this usual way, a look of puzzlement on his face, this made me laugh out loud, but I stopped when he glanced at something past me and placed a finger to his lips. This simple act coupled with the seriousness of the expression on his face made me fall silent immediately. He was looking into the forest, I followed his gaze. At first I could see nothing, but there, a way distant, something was also moving, keeping track with us, a white shape appearing and disappearing amongst the trees. The shape was obviously animal. Watchful eyes glanced our way between the trunks. Then it was gone almost as soon as I saw it.
I turned to Jondris; a question upon my lips, his eyes dropped to look at me.
“A wolf,” he said.
I shrugged; it was quite rare, but not totally unknown for wolves to be prowling these forests close to the abbey and the town of Corbond, that was partly the reason for the night gates and the stockade around the town. But I had never had any trouble from them, in all the time I had been there. But then I had never glimpsed a pure white wolf either, if indeed Wolf it was.

Chapter 2 The Tavern in Corbond

Extract from ‘The Anthropology of the Elder Races’ by Solin’De’Teinde.
Concerning my own brethren whom we name the T’Iea in our own language, or as we are known in the tongues of men, the Elves. 
On the one hand we have been called the ‘high elves’, or T’Iea’Denarin, who in ancient times lived in great and beautiful cities and still prefer the feel of stone walls around them. Lovers of art, of beautiful paintings, ornate sculpture, composers of great musical works. Great academics, writers of history and of stories and pursuers of pure knowledge.
On the other hand the ‘wood elves’, or T’Iea’Tarderi, lovers of natural beauty, of ancient lore, makers of mysterious artefacts, scholars of living enchantment, masters of the mysteries within nature. A race then split loosely into two peoples, both of which above all love the beauty of the world and everything upon it and living in it.
All T’Iea however appear the same physically and have an identical outlook and attitude in the world, for instead of relying upon their own selfish invention and device, they remain in harmony with the world itself. Haters of evil in all of its forms. Upholders of light and the word of the Maker.
But in war, for war surely came to us, not a frail people to shun the battlefield, but fierce as any race. Our art and culture flowed naturally into the design of weaponry and other gear of battle and into the discipline of combat. For when faced with conflict the T’Iea defended against it by creating another art form, the art of warfare.
~

Turning a corner in the road we came out of the trees into the cleared area around the town stockade and faced Corbond’s night gates, they were indeed still open, welcoming all into the town beyond.
“So how hungry are you?” Jondris asked.
The deep rumbling of my stomach answered for me and we decided to call in at the Wild Boar Tavern where we had eaten many times before, I knew the meals were always fabulous for they catered for many individual tastes and I loved the buzz of the place, there was always something going on and the clientele were always interesting.
We passed through giving a nod to the guards leaning upon their weapons at either side. Corbond was a pleasant little place. As with most human townships within Gel’Te’Ertenya or the Great Wood as Jondris would call it, only humans lived here permanently but representatives of other races at times could be seen within its boundaries and so parts of the town were designed to house these other races. 
We made our way through the various streets towards the centre of town and eventually there in front of us we spied the Wild Boar Tavern across the other side of a wide square around which a wide earthen roadway ran. In the centre of the square a massive tree stood, is trunk many tens of metres in diameter and its boughs reaching far over the buildings around the square. The Tavern itself must be a strange looking place for those that don’t know it, for although from the ground and second story perspective it looked much like any other human dwelling, if you looked above the roof there could be seen little cottages nestling in amongst the thick branches of the ancient tree growing above. These houses were built with the T’Iea’ Tarderi in mind, those of us the humans named Wood Elves, for long ago we discovered this to be a necessary thing to stay clear of enemy’s both natural and contrived. However, I knew that none of these lofty dwellings were permanently populated by T’Iea, for sadly none of my race lived here in Corbond, I was the only one and I had not seen any of my kin in many years. I loved these little cottages which could be accessed via a web of interlinked rope and slatted walk ways, and sloping wooden gang ways led down to ground level here and there. I stood looking up in admiration for them, they reminded me of my father’s house many leagues away in the T’Iea township of K’Reselnare. John tugged gently on my arm to get me moving again and we entered the Tavern at ground level through the front door.
Immediately upon entering my ears filled with the noise that was ever present within the Wild Boar. Many people populated the main bar that evening; the general hubbub was already well under way so at first we had a little trouble finding a seat let alone a table. I always had a preference to sit as far away from the bar itself as possible where there was less hustle and bustle, for immediately around and along the bar there always seemed to be tightly packed groups of people all laughing and joking, telling tales and swapping news. Inevitably ale was spilt and I always seemed to be the target for a wayward flung elbow or knee, or my feet would suffer from being trodden on by a large human boot. Not that any of this was intentional, but never the less I preferred to give the area a wide berth.
After waiting near the front door for a table to be vacated, the inn keeper eventually indicated a place which had become free. He immediately asked one of his serving girls, one of his many daughters I believe; attend to our order whilst the innkeeper himself busied himself with tidying and mopping up back behind the bar whilst enjoying the latest gossip from his regular clientele.
Jon and I had been sitting and talking in the tavern bar for some thirty minutes or so whilst enjoying our first course of vegetable soup when the front door was opened slowly, allowing the cool evening air to enter. A welcome breeze, clearing the stuffiness and rejuvenating the taverns normal atmosphere of stale sweat, burning wood and spilt ale. The gentle sounds from the village beyond filtered into the room. As always all eyes turned to the doorway, I heard a small disturbance from one of the guests cursing some spilt ale, the cussing distracted me a little.
But when my eyes returned to the entrance I found my attention drawn to a curious figure seemingly floating into the room, almost as if the gentle refreshing breeze had blown them in lightly and without a sound. The figure was closely followed by a pure white Wolf of large proportions; it slipped silently into the tavern around the figure whose hand came to rest on the Wolf’s shaggy back. The impressive animal looked around quickly. In seconds its dark eyes scanned every aspect and detail of the place as well as each of the inhabitants. It glanced at me briefly and the depth of those eyes left me with the impression that something had peered momentarily into my very soul. Most of the guests I noticed turned back to their drinks as there was no obvious aura of threat or surprise presented. But I found my attention remained on the new comer, why I could not fathom. I shivered slightly. The door shut and the wooden latch was dropped with a dull clunk, the only sound since the door had opened. 
My interest grew, for the figure seemed unique because of the lithe purposeful movement of the body as they walked across the room. They then reached up with gloved hands and slowly removed the well weathered hood that was covering the head. This revealed an elegant T’Iea’Tarderi female, her well defined features lovely to behold, her platinum coloured hair, fine and long, dressed in tresses interleafed with herbs and flowers and small leaves from plants that inhabit the wilds. All of this adornment was tied in intricate patterns that only my T’Iea’Tarderi sub-culture has mastered in its long and ancient traditions.
I gasped, intrigued that another of my own race should appear in the tavern, for it had been a long time since I had seen any of my people. With an almost indiscernible motion of the newcomer’s hand, the wolf sat by the door, seemingly acting out of well-practised design rather than by any form of obedience. The innkeeper started to speak, I felt my heart sink as I was sure he was going to protest and make it quite clear that he did not intend to entertain animals from the wilds in his establishment. But the T’Iea’Tarderi maiden stared at him with piercing eyes, something cut off his words and he lowered his gaze mumbling something incomprehensible as he made to resume his activities behind the bar. I felt quite smug at this reaction for I was very much in the minority here and it felt good to see a form of respectful behaviour exhibited towards one of my own kind.
The ranger, for ranger she must be, stood still but remained alert, her muscles slightly tensed ready to respond to any need. She glanced around the room, her eyes lingered momentarily on mine, they were a piercing jade green in colour, clear as crystal. She resumed her walk across the floor, her eyes remained on me as she removed her gloves revealing slender hands and agile fingers. All sounds from the tavern seemed to fade away and all my senses focussed upon this person. I tore my gaze from hers and looked down. Two fingers on her right hand were still enclosed within the deer skin tabs that protect them from the high tensions of drawing on a heavy longbow. Reaching up with this hand she unfastened a single golden neck clasp fashioned in the form of the figure of a woodland sprite. Slowly her travelling cloak pitted with the mud and grime of long travel was removed from her shoulders. The cloak was hung on a hook on the far tavern wall behind her. Removal of the cloak revealed a garb of the most wonderful metallic chain armour. The ring mail was expertly worked so that it seemed to move in complete harmony with every muscle. Intricate designs depicting the heavens could be seen around each cuff and the neck and I noticed each clasp fastening down the front was designed with that of a double headed axe motif, strange I thought for this was a design associated with the race of the Grûndén not something you would expect a T’Iea to be wearing. Her long platinum hair, now completely free of its confinement within the cloak and hood, cascaded over her shoulders and down her back ending in a point at the base of her spine.
Finding a spare place at the table but remaining standing, the ranger with a slow purposeful movement crossed her arms and reaching down, withdrew a matching pair of elegant, curved short swords from their scabbards. As she did so, the fine steal blades rang with a metallic singing, she placed them close by upon the table. As she relinquished her grip from upon the pommels of each sword, my eyes were drawn to the intricate arcane designs etched upon the blades, each T’Iea rune seemed to dim and become slightly less discernible as compared to when the blades were first set down. My attention then went toward the bronze coloured vambraces she wore upon each of her forearms. The material from which they were fashioned, after glowing brightly when the short swords were first removed, noticeably dulled as if the remoteness of the swords now on the table top had quenched some need or desire.
Next, her longbow, also heavily rune-etched and crafted of the darkest ebony coloured wood was slid from its place across her back and placed within easy reach, leaning against the wall behind her. A quiver made from what looked like some kind of thick but expertly worked animal hide was also removed along with the belt on which it was slung around her waist and after sitting down, placed carefully upon her lap. I saw curiously large feathers hung from the rim of the quiver, along with some enormous scythe-like black claws, from what unimaginable beast these originated I could not guess. These claws were mounted into finely fashioned sliver clasps. Also discernible amongst the feathers set around the lip of the quiver were several jet black glossy stones that seemed to suck in the very light from around them, like water flowing down a small hole. There were arrows held within the quiver, I could discern the nocks and fletching, but it was difficult to guess how many, they seemed to have a translucent look, each moved through and around its neighbour with an almost fluid appearance as if they were present only partly within. I gasped again, for I guessed this quiver to be a now rare example of the ancient skills of the T’Iea artisans of old. Such items were famously crafted by my ancestors in my home town of K’Reselnare, a fine example of the products for which that city was once renowned. I felt a pride well up in my breast, but was also slightly disappointed that such skills were not so common place in these latter days. I wondered at the obvious high value of such an item and also wondered how this ranger had come by such a thing. In fact everything she had seemed special in some way and no doubt immensely precious.
Generally T’Iea rangers, or their human counterparts of which I had seen many in my time here in Corbond had a mercenary reputation. They earned their keep through private contracts, but none I had seen were so lavishly kitted out as this one. She must be good I thought to have the financial capability to afford such things. But whatever the race, rangers spent many months at a time alone in the wilds not being seen or heard from for long periods of time and some became raucous when back in civilised company, excelling in the consumption of ale and other distractions from which they were obviously starved whilst away. Alternatively, the great periods of solitude would result in their keeping themselves to themselves thus generating an aura of suspicion. But anyway, being a T’Iea’Tarderi myself I thought differently. I knew that within the annals of the history of my people, rangers had a reputation of being fearless in battle, their skill with a long bow a legend. I planned to watch this ranger as I secretly placed a bet as to which category she would fall into.
Looking around at the assembled faces the ranger allowed a faint smile to brighten her full lips and she nodded in greeting to the open mouths surrounding her. Many faces leered back, her radiant beauty was gathering much attention, mostly bad I feared. But she seemed not to notice the level of interest she was generating.
But then a T’Iea sitting on a bench opposite in the shadows, whom I had not noticed before, leant forward showing his smiling features for the first time that evening. His skin a swarthy brown, his hair the deepest black, long and straight tucked back around his ears hanging almost to his waist. His eyes a rich deep dark blue. He wore a white linen shirt trimmed with much embroidery which also ran down the length of each sleeve, a typical T’Iea’Denarin style of artwork. Over this he wore a sleeveless dress coat of rich looking material, possibly velvet or some other cloth far beyond my meagre means. This was also trimmed in ornate embroidery with depictions of leaves and other herbal motifs. Yes, definitely a high elf.
The white wolf stirred across by the door, it slowly came to a position that saw it half standing upon its massive haunches, obviously ready to accelerate forward at a moment’s thought, it was also curling its upper lip in a most menacing fashion, showing a hint of long, ivory coloured fangs. Perhaps it also disliked the attention the ranger was getting.
The Inn keeper broke the silence, he waved a towel towards the wolf and said, “’ere I ‘ope that dog ‘o yees be tame’n an’ be under control thar’, I dun’t wan’ any injured customer spreadin’ any bad mouth ‘bout my place, you ‘ear me ranger.”
Neither the wolf nor the ranger seemed to take any notice of him. The wolf’s gaze was locked intently upon the second T’Iea whose smile flinched ever so slightly, as if a moderately forced blow had been struck across his face. But he gathered himself and continued his purpose after the merest pause. He offered the ranger a small golden goblet which he drew from the confines of his coat, the goblet matched the one he had in front of him already, and without breaking eye contact with the ranger, he proceeded to fill the second goblet from the bottle he has obviously been drinking from. A knowing expression upon his face as he said in a high born T’Iea accent, “Serinae. It has been a while.”
The Wolf settled once more onto the floor, this time placing its huge head between its forepaws, it gave out a deep bass, almost inaudible growl, as it continued to look intently at the high elf.
The bar tender shook his head from side to side a few times and then went back to polishing the goblet in his hands, he seemed to become aware that he was releasing his breath, held since the high elf announced his presence from out of the shadows.
The ranger stared at the offered goblet, then slowly reaching forward to grasp the offered drink, she returned her gaze to the high elf. Serinae, I was pleased to overhear her name, sipped from the goblet. She seemed to savour the flavour as if tasting the contents for the first time in her life, she never took her eyes from the high elf though, who finding he could return her unflinching stare no longer lowered his eyes to look at his own goblet upon the table.
After a pause in which an expression of deep satisfaction crossed her face a response, “Hello Tezrin, you took some finding, my friend, I congratulate you on your stealth and skills in hiding.” She raised her goblet as if saluting him, but I detected a sensation of mockery in the action.
Tezrin smiled in return and replied, “I must admit, I am surprised, but pleasantly so, to see you again Seri.” 
Serinae leaned forward slightly, “Tezrin,” came the reply in a slightly sarcastic sounding tone, “it does not take much imagination to guess you would eventually end up back here in Gel’Te’Ertenya.”
A slight darkening of Serinae's features and a narrowing of her eyes revealed what looked like subdued anger. It didn’t look like this anger would need much coaxing to boil over. “You hired me to track that filthy goblin man clear across all the Eastern Plains. After I had found my way across the high passes of the Tolle’Fornosse’Veetri it took eighty days of false trails, and second guessing to find the goblin and run him down in that waste land. You know what that was is like Tezrin? The biting cold, the bitter snow storms, then the loose chaotic arcane energies, the shifting sands, the incessant forces that seek to batter you relentlessly into the ground?” At this her voice broke with emotion and words seemed to fail her. She shook her head, placed the goblet onto the table, then clenched her fists into tight balls.
Then in one fluid movement she stood holding the leather belt of her quiver in one hand and grabbing one of her swords with the other, she swung the blade so fast I could not see the path it travelled until it stopped dead, the point ending up right beneath Tezrin’s right ear where it stayed rigid and unmoving even though her arm was extended fully. Her eyes blazed with an inner light, I would have called it a fire had they been red and not so green. Her teeth were clenched and as she looked down her nose at him she let out an audible hiss. Tezrin’s right eye twitched, he held his breath. A bead of sweat formed upon his forehead and dribbled slowly down into his eye brow. Serinae breathed slowly and deeply, her eyes continued to shine bright as either side of her customers having stood rapidly, moved well out of the way no doubt expecting a fight to ensue, stools and benches screeched across the stone floor as people rushed to get out of the way of any swinging blades. Then there was silence the only sound the odd scrape as someone tried to disengage a foot or knee from the tangle of furniture and the steady drip of spilt ale running off a table top onto the floor.
But Serinae seemed to gather herself, her eyes dimmed slightly she withdrew the blade slowly and replaced it back upon the table. After a few moments, she lent on the table with both her hands and whilst her shoulders hunched she stared down at the blades placed in front of her and she said softly and slowly, “do you really believe tracking you back here even after all this time was any more difficult?”
Tezrin remained still, his head drawn back rigid since the blade had kissed the skin below his ear, I expected to see a thin line of blood, but not even a red blemish marked his skin. I noticed he started to shake, maybe partially in fear but more in relief. Composing himself his only response was a nervous sounding cough followed by a shrug of his shoulders and a slight look of embarrassment. After a minute or so he said, “Well, I am glad to see you safe.” Then after thinking for a while, he looked toward Serinae and broadening his features with a smile, added, “after all we were successful in our little venture, were we not?”
Serinae seated by now took another sip from the goblet. Then again she stood slowly and taking the belt with the quiver, hooked it with her cloak above her bow leaning against the wall and walked around the table to where Tezrin was sitting. People were setting stools back and regaining their previous positions, but they did not take their eyes off Serinae as she moved around. This time eyes that had once shown lust now showed a deep respect, even fear.
“Are you forgetting my friend rogue that after our purpose was fulfilled and you had that item as you call it, only you escaped? You saved your own hide when you could have quite easily stayed and fought by my side. You were supposed to be on watch that night, instead you left me in the dark; you abandoned me to capture and imprisonment by the goblin clan.” At this she paused, a sudden distracting thought obviously crossing her mind, but in a moment it had gone, her anger returning. “I may have rotted in that hole, listening to that constant bickering and jabbering.” Leaning closer to Tezrin she slowly reached up and grasped his collar between her forefinger and thumb, she caressed the material as she said, “can you imagine what it was like down there, without sun and without fresh, sweet air for so long?” 
Tezrin felt sharp metal pressing into the back of his neck and froze instinctively, struggling to imagine what it was that had him immobilised in this way. The Inn keeper noticed that the wolf had gone and breathed a sigh of relief, but then noticed a new figure standing behind the one called Tezrin, a man with long white hair tied into a topknot at the crown of his skull, he also noticed the piercing dark eyes, shaped like almonds, these features combined with the long wispy moustache that hung either side of his mouth down to his chest marked the man as originating from the far eastern lands across the other side of the continents land mass beyond the Great Spine, the mountains of the Tolle’Fornosse’Veetri mentioned by Serinae earlier. The man’s eyes were drilling into the back of Tezrin's head in a very unpleasant manner. Serinae then stood back slightly, she made a great show of smoothing down the collar and then moved towards the table top in front of Tezrin. She smiled at a Grûndén who was forced to slide slightly along the bench on which he sat to make way for her; she nodded her apologies at making him shift sideways. The Grûndén, the only one to have remained calm and seated through this whole spectacle grinned widely through his thick ale-soaked beard, then moving further, made way for Serinae to sit upon the table, she did so and lifting one slender leg clad in soft deerskin breaches, placed her foot upon the bench beside the Grûndén. The short man laughed and said, “say lassie, de ye wants me t’ ‘old ‘im down for yease, whilst ye be given ‘im a good pasteing?” He winked at her.
 She laughed and to my surprise slapped the Grûndén on the shoulder, she kept her hand there as she said. “Gentlemen. Let me introduce you to Teouso.” She gestured towards the white haired man standing behind the high elf.
Teouso stepped slowly backwards, a broad smile on his lips that showed missing teeth, those that remained were broken, yellowed and cracked. This movement allowed Tezrin to turn slowly in his seat to face Teouso warily.
Serinae continued, “if it wasn’t for Teouso, I would still be in that hole rotting. Just luck that they carelessly chose him join me in my dungeon, I guess they didn’t know he was a shifter able to change his form, for when the jailor unlocked the door to our prison to lay a tray of foul food and green water, a great white wolf leapt from the shadows and tore out his throat.”
At this Teouso, a big grin on his face, slowly drew his hand across the front of his neck and after making a horrid gurgling sound in his throat chuckled to himself. 
Tezrin, a look of pure disgust upon his face glanced at Teouso’s outstretched hand still holding the cruel looking stiletto. “I, I have heard of such people, I did not believe though that they existed.”
Serinae continued, “Well Tezrin, a real blessing from the Maker don’t you think? Amazing how the goblins ran, well the ones that were still alive anyway, fleeing from a massive slavering dire wolf that quite unexplainably appeared in their dungeon and had gone berserk.”  
Tezrin seemed to fight down any fear as he said. “Then I must thank your shifter friend here from the bottom of my heart, and rejoice in our good fortune at being reunited.” Tezrin stood and placing his right hand across his chest bowed low to Teouso.
I looked back at Serinae she slowly bent down and reaching inside the top of her boot drew something out, she balanced whatever it was in the palm of her hand, seemingly feeling the weight of it, she then swung around with lightning speed and with a flick of her wrist threw something fast across the heads of those now re-seated at the table. I saw a glint of silver and heard a thud as a small dagger pinned the sleeve of an outstretched arm to the wall by the side of her quiver of arrows. There a dirty bedraggled wretch of a man, his arm raised and his hand just about to grasp the belt on which Serinae’s quiver hung stood open mouthed. He tried to wrench his arm free but just succeeded in tearing the cloth of his sleeve. At this Serinae stood and made her way back around the table to her seat. On the way she retrieved her dagger, wriggling it free from the wooden wall. 
Then glaring at the would-be thief, she said, “no hard feelings friend.” Her stare remained upon him.
The man lowered his eyes rubbing at his arm. He scurried away and made his way drunkenly out of the tavern, he glanced back, a look of hatred in his eyes as he slammed the door behind him.
After watching the closed door for a few seconds Serinae sat once more reclaiming her goblet. Serinae smiled at Teouso, who stepping forward again stood directly behind Tezrin and grasping the collar of the high elf’s white shirt, pulled it open bursting a couple of buttons from the shirt front that rattled onto the table top and bounced onto the floor. There revealed beneath his shirt was a fine ornate necklace that shimmered with its own light.
The Grûndén who had made way for Serinae to sit and who had been watching these proceedings closely, stood suddenly knocking over a chair next to him in the process, some unheard words muttered in his own tongue upon his breath.
Serinae gazed at the necklace and toying with the pommels of her swords said, “so Tezrin you still have the item.” 
The Grûndén, wide eyed, cried out and with ale running down his beard pointed toward the necklace, he spluttered a profanity in his own language before he said out loud in the common tongue, “by t’ Lord Øédréll, those be dragon scales.”
Serinae said something to Grûndén in his language, he laughed heartily as she gestured towards a bar maid, who promptly placed two full flagons of ale from her tray upon the table in front of the Grûndén. Serinae grasped one and the Grûndén the other, they clashed the flagons together with much spilling of ale and then to my utter surprise they both downed their flagon of ale in one. 
Tezrin stared at Serinae for some while before he gathered his belongings and giving Serinae a somewhat disdainful look left the tavern by the front door.
As he passed the Grûndén the short man saluted him with his flagon and shouted, “eh laddie, will’e not tak’ an ale wit’ us then eh? T’ night she still be a’youngan’ an’ me thirst still be but a wee babe.”
I noticed that Serinae smiling, glanced briefly at Tezrin’s retreat before the door closed and he was gone, did I detect a slight look of regret on her face? But she sat back in her seat at the table and leaning with her back against the wall where her travelling cloak hung. She called one of the tavern staff over and I assumed ordered something to eat, or perhaps to drink.
But at that moment our main meal was brought to us and my attention was placed elsewhere. I looked hungrily at the plate of food, and looking up smiled at Jondris who smiled back.
Looking down at our plates he uttered, “this will make a nice change from the food at Dor’iesnal.”
Then winking at me he drew a mouthful to his lips and savouring the sweet smell, put his fork of food into his mouth and started to chew with closed eyes.
I sniggered and did the same.
We chatted and laughed through the rest of the evening, I largely forgot about Serinae and Teouso, but I did glance up once to see Serinae and the Grûndén who had gotten so excited about seeing the necklace that Tezrin had. They now sat in a corner at a table alone and seemed to be having a great time drinking copious amounts of ale and laughing almost constantly. I wondered at this perhaps the ranger was that raucous, heavy drinking type after all, I felt a little disappointed and I averted my eyes in embarrassment quickly as they both stared in my direction during a pause in their conversation.
Looking around the room, I couldn’t help noticing that shifter Teouso was nowhere to be seen he must have slipped out of the tavern at some time during the evening, for I did not lay eyes upon him again that night.
Perhaps the ale was starting to take affect and with a full stomach of food I found myself feeling very content. I yawned.
Jondris laughed and said, “ok I admit defeat, you’re not listening to me anymore and my guess is that you are fast in need of your slumber,”
I looked at him embarrassed and started to apologise but he just stood and holding out his hand for mine helped me to my feet. I knew he would make sure I was settled into a room above the tavern for the evening, as the village night gates would be closed by now. I welcomed this for two reasons, firstly I knew the taverns rooms were clean and comfortable and secondly I didn’t relish the idea of walking back to my little cell within the abbey court yard.
As we walked towards the door Jondris stopped, a suspicious expression appeared on his face, I yawned again closing my eyes and when I opened them there standing in front of us was the ranger, Serinae, a broad smile was on her face as she said, “greetings sister, I hope you don’t mind this intrusion, but I noticed you from over there earlier this evening and being kinfolk resolved to introduce myself, I hope you don’t mind.”
I still had my hand over my mouth, and quickly dropping it to my side and trying my best to smile nonchalantly I tried to make myself more alert, unsuccessfully I suspect, for as I started to speak another wretched yawn took me by surprise. All I could do was make poor excuses and introduce myself as Minervar. 
She smiled at me and bowing slightly lowered her piercing gaze and took my hand and shook it warmly. “I am most joyed to have met you Minervar, but I understand I am keeping you from your sleep, forgive me, perhaps we will have the opportunity to talk and get to know each other better tomorrow, I do hope so.” At this she smiled again and after nodding to Jondris turned and with her gaze held to mine swished her hair behind her and she was gone, moving away back to the far side of the bar. I felt other eyes upon me and scanned the room the Grûndén sat looking at me with what looked like some interest, but perhaps this was just my imagination. 
Jondris took my arm and turning me around said under his breath, “bah, rangers.”
He took me to my room and bowing low told me that he hoped I would have a good night and he would be back to escort me to the abbey first thing in the morning, he then waited, looking about as if he suspected someone to sneak up on us with suspicious intent. It was only when I had shut and bolted the door that he seemed satisfied and left to go his own way.
Smiling I turned and viewed my room, I knew I would rest easy that night, and preparing myself for sleep thought no more about the night’s activities. As soon as my head was laid upon the pillow I fell into a deep slumber.
 


Chapter 3 An Introduction to Battle

Extract from ‘The Darkest Legacy’ by Solin De’Teinde.
I care not to think of the reasons, or even repeat what I was taught by my elders, but long ago in our history yet another race of T’Iea were formed in secrecy, a dark and menacing race, still beautiful and graceful as any T’Iea, but dark and deceitful in nature. These T’Iea were not numerous and thankfully still to this day have never been great in number. Dark elves these people are called in the common tongue, T’Iea’Neat’Thegoran in the T’Iea language, the translation into the common tongue being ‘elves not yet forgiven’ for to all T’Iea they are viewed as a misguided people and as such we had to believe that they could also be redeemed. 
At first we tried to meet the T’Iea’Neat’Thegoran as friends and it seemed for a while that they were willing to befriend us and take what we had to offer, but it soon became apparent that take was what they did, for in secret they perverted what we taught them and did not freely teach us anything in return, rather jealously guarding their knowledge. What they did have to offer seemed to have no reason to it and we did not accept their teachings and refused steadfastly to engage with their purposes.
~

The following morning, I awoke early and found myself thinking of the mysterious ranger Serinae and her actions in the tavern the previous evening. In truth I felt mixed feelings towards her, some mistrust in that she had exhibited great anger towards Tezrin and thankfully much skill in the control of her sword to which I felt great admiration. Perhaps I was a little jealous of her free and completely independent manner; she seemed to be in complete control of her destiny, unlike myself always at the beck and call of others throughout my life. She certainly seemed to have the respect of her travelling companion Teouso and she quite obviously returned that respect. I assumed having arrived together, that they were travelling companions since escaping the goblins as she described briefly. I didn’t know what, or who goblins were and it was one of many things I would like to have asked her about. I wished I had more opportunity to have spoken with her during the evening, she had smiled at me while she ate, perhaps recognising me to be T’Iea’Tarderi she had a natural feeling of friendship towards me.
In the end I had to admit to myself that I would love to know more about her, where she came from and her history, I was in no doubt she could be a formidable adversary, but could she also be a good friend? What would I give to have her as an acquaintance, able to draw upon her experiences? Little did I know how that opportunity would arise, and how soon. But for now the abbey beckoned and this day promised to be another day of spiritual witness and learning, patient practice with the monks and alas more paying attention! As I gathered my things and washed my face my thoughts wandered back to Serinae and what would be different if I had chosen the path of a ranger all those years ago.
Slowly though I became aware of something unusual. I became slowly aware that something is not quite right, some nagging doubt in my subconscious was getting more and more attention. Eventually I sat back on my cot and listened intently, but I could hear nothing. A weak light was filtering though the thin veil of linen that hung across the window of my simple room, yet something was missing, but for the life of me I could not decide what it was. I shrugged, rose and made for the door but hesitated in opening it, a trouble persistently lay upon my heart like a dark shroud. What was different? Then it came to me, I listened again, intent on hearing what I would normally expect to hear this time of day, but no, there were no bird calls, no dawn chorus. I realised my senses, naturally attuned to the world, had detected the strange lack of cacophony that usually accompanies every morning here in the forest and it had taken me time to recognise the fact.
I ventured across to the window and drawing the thin curtain aside, looked out. My eyes cast along the thick branch of the tree in which a few small houses similar to my own were situated. I could see nothing unusual, after all it was still quite early, and no one was about, at least not in this quiet corner high above Corbon’s roads and alleyways. Other than the fact that not a single bird or any other creature could be seen or heard, everything else appeared normal. I glanced downward lowering my gaze to the edge of the wooden platform on which my house was built and then further down to what could be seen of the ground below over the edge of the platform. There slowly I could discern a puff of inky black smoke close to the ground some short distance from the base of another tree. I had not seen anything like it before, initially I had assumed it was a mist that had gathered during the night, but it was not wistful like the forest mist, which does not usually congregate in such a confined area but spreads across the forest floor for a greater distance, and curiously forest mist generally doesn’t swirl and boil like this greasy smoke, at least when the air is as still as it was on this particular morning.
Now that my curiosity was aroused, I looked further around the view from my window and noticed more puffs of similar greasy smoke across the forest floor similar to the first one I had spied. What were these strange phenomena? Suddenly a surge of concern arose in me, a horrid feeling of foreboding swept across me like a swoon. I felt something was very wrong so I made for the door deciding that I should try and raise the alarm.
I gathered up my belongings once more from where I had left them and reached for the latch, but before I got a grip upon it the door opened and the ranger Serinae slipped into the room her finger pressed against her lips in such a manner that I stifled my words of alarm and surprise. She was already dressed as she had been when she arrived at the tavern the evening before, her cloak slung across her shoulders but open at the front. I could see she had all her gear about her person. But this time her long bow was in her hand an arrow notched ready. She quickly looked me up and down, seeing I was fully dressed and had all my gear like her, she beckoned for me to follow her, I left the room keeping close behind her.
Outside we were joined by Teouso in his human form his eyes moving around the forest floor over the wooden railing that surrounded the platform on which we now stood. I wanted desperately to ask what was going on but felt that would not be the best thing to do at the present time. Teouso beckoned to us and we followed him to the bridge that joined this platform to the next. 
Whilst crossing I looked down and was able to discern strange movements within the oily smoky rings, the movement looked like a summer heat haze rising from a hot surface, looking through these areas it was difficult to focus upon the ground beyond, in fact the ground within seemed to move and change, one second grass and foliage could clearly be seen and then a grey, barren, featureless place of what looked like course sand or gravel and then back to the grass again. It was quite apparent that some kind of arcane energy pulsed around these puffs of smoke, but what kind I could not fathom from up here, I was going to suggest we investigate by moving closer but the few I had originally noticed had now been joined by many more as we moved across the walk way and I felt it would be unwise to approach now that there were so many in close proximity.
The next platform had a slope down to ground level and it was this that Teouso was obviously headed for. We moved silently down the slope and my feet finally touched the grass on the ground. Both Teouso and Serinae stopped with me between them, they both scanned the surrounding area, obviously trying to find the route to somewhere, I made to ask them what they were looking for thinking that I, knowing the town so well, would be able to tell them, but a hand was quickly thrust across my mouth. My anger slightly rose in my breast, I was only trying to be helpful after all, why make such a rude gesture? But then the hand was removed from my face and moved to grasp my right wrist and I found myself firmly pulled in a direction between two of the nearest hazy smoke rings. As we passed between them I could just hear a strange sort of billowing sound obviously emanating from within, it sounded just like a sheet flapping in the wind as it hung to dry on a washing line and I could see clearly a desert-like landscape within as if the smoke ring was a window looking out to somewhere else, another place altogether from Corbond and the forest that surrounded the town.
All of a sudden another haze materialised directly in front of us, Serinae and Teouso stopped dead, and as we watched this haze seemed to expand in the centre and to move out and back in upon itself. Once more I clearly glimpsed a grey desolate landscape within, seen as if through a window. A small discoloured spot grew rapidly in size in the centre. Then to my horror something that looked like an arm with a gauntleted hand reached out of the discoloured spot, something was emerging slowly as if crawling through the window. I watched transfixed as I could just see the beginnings of a shadowy face, hideously featured but still partly shrouded by the haze, it was looking directly at me. A figure emerged from the hazy area and crouched low to the ground, it hissed and silently raised a rusty sword then stood and charged towards us at a fast pace, hatred shone out from its hideous eyes. I was transfixed, unable to move, still in disbelief perhaps that such a thing should actually be happening here in Corbond. The figure ran on and drew the sword back ready for a strike. I lifted my arm up in defence, but before I could close my eyes in readiness for the blow, an arrow pierced the centre of that foul forehead and the figure fell forward lifeless, its final breath escaped its body and I retched as foul air heavy with the aroma of rotting things reached my nose. Serinae, her bow in her hand with another arrow already notched dragged me forward, my muscles suddenly awoke and I ran. Serinae released my hand once she realised I was following close and shot more arrows as more figures emerged from the hazy rings, it was then I became aware that I was jabbering on, I can’t remember what I was saying but I do remember thinking of the town alarm bell, Serinae stopped and looked at Teouso, and after a moment’s hesitation we changed course between the trees running back toward the centre of the town. I remember thinking this may not have been the best of moves but never the less I was powerless to resist deeming it safer to stay with these two experienced fighters than try and make my own way to safety. I remember feeling quite surprised that my initial fear had gone and pure concentration had replaced it.
Serinae raised her bow once more and let loose an arrow, I followed its flight, arching up and over it flew some hundreds of metres and hit the town alarm bell squarely. The chime of the bell quickly followed. The sound obviously shook the guard on watch into consciousness because his head rose above the parapet surrounding the platform on which the bell was mounted. He looked shocked and bemused, but thankfully after a few seconds he obviously spied the many smoke rings and his training and presence of mind made him reach up to the bell rope and he began to ring the bell frantically.
Guards started to file out from the guard houses below, questioning looks upon their faces, as I watched, a bright blue flame like an electric storm struck one in the chest and he fell to the ground his clothing smouldering. I gasped but didn’t have time to think more on this because I found myself being pulled uphill towards the village gates, as we ran it seemed that now all of the hazy rings were disgorging dark beings onto the grass. All where nightmare creatures with hideous expressions, the only form of garb they each had was a mismatch of various pieces of rusting armour and tattered rags, I had brief glances at helmets that seemed to be missing large pieces, breastplates that only covered a portion of the body, mail that seemed to hang in torn shards about their lower bodies, there skin was grey and wrinkled and in some areas silver grey and no hair was apparent on their bodies.
Serinae was now firing arrow after arrow at the beings for many had gathered on the grass, as each arrow left that magical quiver it seemed to take on a more solid appearance, so by the time it was slicing through the air at great speed it sounded like any arrow should, each singing its path to the target. My people call this sound Dun’Y’Illiee, the ‘song of the swift’. Teouso half crouched and moving like a cat was stabbing at the beings that came within arm’s reach with two long-bladed stilettos, or throwing some strange metal objects that looked like a metal star with serrated edges. A lethally thrown weapon, as each one that found its mark shredded the flesh around where it struck. I remember being abhorred at this sight but too much was happening and so quickly I did not have the time to dwell on it.
Serinae then placing her longbow over her shoulder and drew her two short swords, she swung each with great accuracy slicing, chopping and dealing lightning fast stabs aimed accurately at the area of the torso where normally can be found the heart and other important organs. Many creatures fell to this skilful sword play. I felt a sudden a nausea in the pit of my stomach. But again we were moving so fast my overarching concentration was firmly fixed on running and staying upright, if I fell I would become easy prey to these attackers. We ran on through the town in this manner until we were at last through the gates of the town and continued on to the abbey road. Behind us the town’s folk were now obviously rising and many people were now alerted to the danger, the crescendo of fighting was growing ever louder, the intensity of shouts, cries and screams was rising by the minute.
It was then I thought of Jondris, yes of course the monks they could help in fighting off these terrible creatures invading the town. We headed up the road and finally bursting through the front gate of the abbey met with a number of monks already running in our direction.
Jondris was at their front, he turned and saw me, and running up grasped my hands and said, “Minervar, thank goodness you’re alright. I awoke early and came back to the abbey. I was about to return to get you when we heard the town alarm bell?”
Before I had drawn a breath to respond Serinae shouted out to the monks, “gather weapons, darkness looms this day within Corbond!”
In response to this call to arms the monks ran towards Serinae, Jondris looking into my eyes dropped my hands, his attention switched and he turned and ran. Looking back over his shoulder he shouted at me to stay here in the abbey grounds, and quickly the whole company of monks who had by now grown to many strong, along with Serinae and Teouso set off back towards the town at a great pace.
Something within me felt wrong, I quickly decided I could not stay here while my friends and allies fought this unknown danger, as a healer my place was in battle by their side to aid as my training dictated. So after they had been gone a few moments I followed. As I looked down on the town I was shocked to see flames licking up around many of the trees and buildings, some fully alight and burning, I think at this point I suddenly realised the enormity of the situation, confusion gave way to anger and my feet raced along the road with renewed speed. I caught up with my friends just as they burst back into the town, Serinae firing arrows so rapidly from her bow, her arm a blur and the enemy falling wherever an arrow found its mark, and every shaft did. Teouso now in wolf form was tearing at throats and limbs to left and right, Jondris was using his, feet and fists to strike wherever he was sure of a mark and the other monks were no less aggressive in their intent. Probably it was a good thing that I did not realise that this was the first real battle situation I had experienced and that this would be a real test of my training and knowledge. On returning to the town amongst a fighting host of many I realised that actually the enemy were not that great in number, the town’s people now joining the battle outnumbered them easily, but there seemed to be more coming from every direction, from wherever one of those smoky rings appeared. 
I do not know how to this day I had remained calm in the heat of battle, but the fear that I knew must have been within seemed to be hidden by far more important feelings, concern for my fellows. For that day I used my hard earned skills of healing. But it seemed to me as we moved forward through the town, that for every healing act another warrior was to fall, a town guard, or a monk, or a fleeing resident. I started to find it difficult to decide who to heal and who to delay administering to, there were too many fallen, too many injured it seemed. I became terrified that the decision over life and death fell upon my very shoulders, for the first time I felt the heavy pressure of such a great responsibility.
I do not know how long we fought in the town, but as we got close to the centre of town, right outside the Wild Boar Tavern, in front of us walked a figure in dark robes and behind him a mass of the foul beings that had appeared through the misty rings. They made not a sound, but huddled around the robed figure as if their very existence relied upon this person. The figure raised his hand and power shot from it towards the Wild Boar, where the power hit fire erupted and the wood of the building quickly caught light. I was wandering how to put the fire out when I felt cold eyes staring at us, cold hatred seemed to shine forth from them. We stood transfixed within this presence of great evil, it was as if death itself had materialised before us, mocking our very existence. I could not actually see the hooded figures features, but I just knew they was smiling, gloating over our faces drawn with fear. The figure lifted its hands skywards, I felt the sudden draw upon a great deal of arcane energy, it seemed to pulse upwards from the earth beneath the figures feet. I was surprised at the quantity being drawn up, no mage or any other I had met could draw upon so much in my experience. Jondris ran forward, possibly anticipating an attack, the figure brought their arms suddenly down and clapped their hands together with a sound like thunder, blue flame extended from its clasped hands and shot towards Jondris striking him on the shoulder, the crackling blue power arched and bent holding Jondris in its grasp as he writhed in agony. The hairs on my head flowed towards the pulsing energy as if blown by a strong wind, but I knew what the figure was, part of my training instructed on such enemies as this. The figure was a pyromantic mage, a wielder of dark arts, trained to deal in death not in life. The very opposite to my own disciplines, my blood ran cold, for I knew he was drawing Jondris’s life force from out of his body.
I watched in horror as the dark pyromancer mouthed some silent words under his breath, the blue energy streaming from his hands seemed to be increasing in strength. I felt helpless as Jondris fell to the ground writhing, his screams echoed in my ears and I felt helpless. But suddenly the blue fire faltered and Jondris was released, but he rolled on the grass every muscle in his body taught in his great pain and anguish. The pyromancer fell backwards and lay on the grass, his hood fallen from his features, he breathed his last; an arrow had struck him through his left eye. Everything slowed to unreal motion and time, my feet would not move, my mind would not work as I watched his contorted form there on the grass. The creatures that had been following behind the mage surged forward, they screamed in anger and hate, now their leader had fallen they had nothing more to do but attack. Serinae moved and stood over Jondris those two short blades of hers drawn, the expression on her face was one of set concentration, her eyes flamed green just as I remember they had in the Tavern the night before when she exhibited great anger towards Tezrin. She struck out wherever a target presented itself, her eyes met mine briefly and all I could see were those piercing orbs calling me to action, I heard one word, or I thought I did, shouted into my mind, ‘HEALER!’. I immediately ran to where Jondris lay, as I stooped to see to him a creature, dark drool dripping from its lips raised a sword with a serrated edge and started to bring it down intent on striking me. To my horror its head left its neck and a spout of dark blood shot into the air as its body fell sideways, its sword was deflected and shot sideways where it embedded itself in the chest of another right up to the hilt. Crouching I tore at the clothing on Jondris’s shoulder to reveal the wound he had suffered, surveying the possible ailment that had Jondris in its grasp, the split second decision, the check list of preparations remembered from the book so many times. My mind cleared, concentration tight across my brow, the accompanying uttered ancient prayer, the flare of my own draw upon arcane energy, but this time used for a wholly different purpose. I directed the flow around Jondris’s shoulder beneath my extended fingers enclosing the area in its warm healing light and at last Jondris opened his eyes. Serinae smiled at me as she sheathed one of her swords, her fingers briefly touched lightly upon my shoulder. She offered me her hand, I took it and was raised to standing, the battle had all but ended, none of the enemy beings were left standing, Serinae made some comment that I heard but did not register. It was beyond her I looked. The pyromancer lay in death upon the grass the hood fallen from his head, his undamaged eye staring vacantly, clouded in death, I was shocked and transfixed by his appearance for revealed before my eyes were the features of a T’Iea. I walked towards him but stopped in my tracks, I couldn’t take my eyes off the smashed and bloody face. How could it be? One of my own people attacking a human town? I was then unceremoniously picked off the ground and the beat of rhythmic feet striking earth matched the pounding of the blood in my head and the pounding of the muscular body carrying me. Then tears fell, hot on my cheeks.
I lay with my head in my hands, my knees drawn up close to my chest. I couldn’t remember how long it had been since we fought. I didn’t know what had happened in the intervening time, I just felt emptiness. How could one of my own people be commanding a force so evil? It was against everything I knew. He had killed so many, wrought death and destruction in Corbond, more death than I could ever hope to counter. Perhaps his presence and who he was made me feel more wretched, but I felt I had failed the town, perhaps I thought that somehow my own people had failed all who had fallen. I heard voices in my head; perhaps the voices of those who had died, the utterings and complaints of those I had failed to save come to haunt me forever. But no, I realised these voices were not in my head, but just close by, I detected brightness through my closed eye lids, I felt the warmth of the sun, a welcome feeling. I came back into the light; I blinked into full awareness.
The world flooded back into my mind, chased away all my dark thoughts, sunlight streamed through the trees, the sound of running water, and voices, guarded in whispers. Plainly an argument was going on. I sat up and was aware of a presence behind me. Turning there sat Teouso, smiling at me showing his awful dentistry. He had one of his stilettos in his hand and a sharpening stone in the other, he broadened his smile revealing more of those yellowing and cracked teeth, as our eyes met he gestured with a movement of his head obviously indicating a track through the scrub beneath the trees, he smiled again and stood. As he walked past me towards the track I stood shakily and followed.
Looking around I could see I was in a place that I did not recognise, the trees were the same varieties as those surrounding the town, but I did not recall this place. I looked up to the heady heights that they reached and could see the sky beyond, deep blue and broken here and there by wispy clouds. I imagined the tree spirits reached out to welcome me to this place, my fears and suspicions subsided, but underlying this welcoming feeling there was also great concern. But we were entering a clearing and there in the midst of a grassy bank I saw Jondris and Serinae deep in conversation, each fell silent and turned toward us as we entered onto the grassy area, both smiled and Jondris walked forward smiling at me. I ran to him and jumped to his embrace. “Thank the Maker,” my eyes closed I whispered into his ear, “you are alive and with us yet.” I released my grip around his neck, wiped the wetness from my eyes with the back of my hand and stood back a little to take another look at him.
Smiling he took me by the hand and showed me to a place where a small meal had been prepared. I sat and Jondris served me with a few morsels to eat, he sat opposite me on the grass. “Are you feeling alright now Mini?”
I felt overjoyed that Jon was recovered from the attack, my fears now forgotten I nodded in confirmation that I was, but I still felt a little concern, “but what about you, your shoulder?” I asked. 
He responded by rubbing his shoulder and wincing, “thank you Mini you did a wonderful job, it is almost fully restored.”
He told me how the pyromancer had been killed by Serinae’s arrow before he could direct the full force of his power, so Jon thankfully had only received a diminished effect. He described how he felt a sensation of power erupting through him, entering his arm and moving through him, reaching slowly for his heart. He knew that if that power had reached his heart he would not be standing here now.
I thought back to that time in the town, of the anguish I felt and the black thoughts that overtook me, but I was relieved that I had still managed through all the distractions to concentrate on healing, I had after all been able to call upon all the training I had received and this gave me a deep sense of encouragement. I had finally experienced battle and had managed to perform what I had trained for like second nature. I felt like I had passed some kind of trial, but I suspected that this was a test in my own mind, a personal hurdle had been crossed and somehow the way forward was now clear before me. 
I found out that I had been carried from the field of battle by Teouso and that the enemy were routed by the soldiers of the town guard and there was no need for us to fight any longer. We had left the field escorting remnants and survivors of the town and ran into the forest to escape the unbearable heat and choking smoke of the fires. Thankfully many had escaped with us, they had since returned to Corbond. Scouts had reported that the enemy were no longer to be seen. Serinae had gone back with them to see what was left, it seems that the town had suffered much damage and many trees and buildings had been set on fire, but strangely it remained a mystery what was the intention for the attack and who had been responsible. “What were those things, the beings that attacked Corbond?”
Jondris’s face was grim and he looked downwards to the ground before answering, “I don’t know Mini I have not seen or heard of anything like them before.”
I looked at Serinae, I thought maybe she would know, her obvious travels and much experience had perhaps had her facing such evil before, but she did not look at me and did not offer any explanation.
I asked Jondris if we could return to the town. His response after some thought was to tell me about the discussion that he and Serinae had a few minutes before, it seemed that Jondris wished to return to the abbey and the town to help rebuild and to continue his responsibilities there. Serinae on the other hand wanted to pursue another task that Jondris did not seem too clear upon. 
“But Jon, surely you can go your separate ways, you to the town, and Serinae to wherever her thoughts take her?”
But it seemed Jondris wanted Serinae and Teouso to remain in case more attacks where immanent, at the very least help in the town to repair and bury the dead. Serinae however had something else in mind she expressed an urgency to go elsewhere and believed that Jondris could go to and help her to accomplish this pressing and seemingly very urgent need of hers, whatever it was. 
Serinae had walked away down the path, Jondris after frowning at her retreating back, he muttered something about rangers. He shook his head and taking my plate dished me up some more food. I sat and looked towards the place where Serinae had disappeared. I mulled over what had just been told to me. I was not particularly hungry and just picked at the food on my plate, I thought that I would go and talk to Serinae to try and find out more and told this intent to Jondris who nodded in agreement.
I stood and placed the plate I was holding onto the grass at my feet. I turned to walk down the path where Serinae had ventured. I found her after a short distance sitting close by the tumbling stream that ran through the forest at this point. As I approached I could see that Serinae was packing things away and was obvious she was getting ready to travel. In truth I did not want her to go, did not want to be parted from this ranger so soon after meeting her, I wanted to know her better, wanted to hear her story.
Before I could say anything she greeted me. “Hello Minervar, I hope your Monk friend has not sent you to try and make me stay?” 
As she turned I could see a frown on her face. 
“No, although he told me that you and he disagree. I just wanted to find out what the argument was about, that is all.” 
Her face lightened a little. “Come sit here beside me and let us drink some tea,” was her response. She revealed a flask and taking a couple of rather battered looking wooden cups from her bag she poured us both a cup of cool tea from the flask. “We have not had the chance to talk since our paths crossed and I was very impressed with your healing skills and the way you commanded your composure back there in Corbond, it took a lot of self-awareness and control to do what you did. I am sure you will continue to become a fine healer Minervar.” 
This remark took me slightly by surprise, but never the less I found it was welcome, I felt quite proud of her generous words. So I told her how I felt, back there in the town, how I was frustrated and felt that I had failed in not being able to heal so many people in need. 
“Alas you cannot be everywhere Minervar, there are never enough healers in battle. If there were, then the army would never be able to fight for there would be so many on the battle field they would not be room enough to wield a sword!” She smiled at me. “Most of the time Minervar you will find you can only stretch your concentrations to two or three warriors at any time, and you will be lucky to keep one alive in most circumstances.” 
I felt in awe of her, she obviously spoke from experience, “you have seen much battle then?” She did not respond. So I wondered just how much fighting Serinae had seen, how many battles had raged around her, I suspect she certainly was no stranger to conflict of many sorts.
When she did eventually speak she said, “anyway, you administered to Jondris extremely well; he would not be in such good shape as he is now if you had not countered that dark energy burst the pyromancer had sent.” 
This prompted me to thank her for the well-sighted arrow, she laughed and said, “well healers aren’t the only life savers, each has to look out for the other in the heat of battle Minervar.” 
She looked back up the path in the direction of Jondris who I could just see was tidying away what is left of the simple meal that had just been eaten. Sipping her tea, she said, “that’s why I would like Jondris and you to come with me and aid us in what lies ahead. The quickness of his arm and the quickness of your mind would be most welcome.” 
Now my imagination and curiosity were both stirred. She wanted both of us to go with her? I wondered what purpose drove her so that she would ask us to accompany her on her travels. I had dreamed that Serinae was independent and proud and would never need anyone else to help her out. Part of me wanted to be the same and the prospect of adventure did indeed excite my imagination, but the other half of me was unsure, my studies were still incomplete, I had so much to still to learn.
As if in response Serinae said, “you know Minervar sometimes it does a student good to get away from the classroom and gain real experience in the world. Sometimes the world has more to teach us than our learned tutors.”
I had to agree that real experience would be beneficial, perhaps my small success in Corbond had made me hungry for more, perhaps what Serinae was telling me made perfect sense, or maybe I just wanted to get away from the abbey for a while and find freedom from a life that perhaps I regarded as mundane.
She continued, “Jondris is suspicious of me Minervar, he thinks that I have my own ends in mind, my own agenda for following Tezrin. Perhaps he thinks I wish to recover the necklace for myself.”
Before I could stop myself I said, “do you?”
But Serinae was still talking “Jondris doesn’t trust me, mainly because he has misunderstood the conversations that took place in the tavern last night. He is thinking of excuses for why you and he need not go. Such a human reaction, so predictable.” 
This made me a little angry, I felt protective towards Jondris, I knew him well and knew he would have his reasons to disagree with Serinae. “Do you not think much of the race of men Serinae?” I asked.
She looked into my eyes and said, “Do you?”
I remarked that I had no reason not to like them, after all they are people much the same as the T’Iea, I have even known mixed marriages between the two races. I had grown up with humans to an extent, for they populated much of the same region in Gel’Te’Ertenya. But not one of them had given me any reason to dislike them.
Serinae nodded at this, she smiled, “you are right, we should learn to trust them, after all they will dominate in the future, our world will become theirs, we cannot afford to alienate them if we are to live alongside one another.”
I was dumbfounded at her words, “seems to me it is our own people that we should be wary of, the mage we fought in Corbond and Tezrin in the tavern?”
Her eyes flared and pierced into mine, I took a step back. But she calmed herself. She shrugged her shoulders. “The rogue fled. I woke this morning early to catch him, I knew he would leave, but I missed him. When I approached his door it already lay open and when I pushed it aside he was gone, long gone. His bed had not been slept in last night.” 
“Who is he?” I asked.
She surprised me by laughing and saying, “how pleasant it is to be in the company of one of my own once again. It has been a long time since I enjoyed the inquisitiveness and spirit of the T’Iea’Tarderi.” 
 


Chapter 4 Master Łĩnwéé

Extracts from ‘The Anthropology of the Elder Races’ by Solin’De’Teinde.
The Grûndén are smaller in stature. The dwarves, as they are known to men and in the common tongue. They are miners at heart, delvers of the earth. They are seekers of hidden natural treasures. They evolved to be shorter in their height because of their continual delving into tunnels beneath the earth.
But unlike the Pnook they did not fade in strength, in fact quite the opposite, they became a powerfully built people, strong in arm and strong in war, they fared better. The invading Ognods died in great numbers at the hands of the Grûndén armies and in the end instead of trying to overcome and subdue the Grûndén, the Ognods simply went round them, leaving the Grûndén locked in their underground halls. To this day the dwarves, although a friendly people, keep themselves to themselves within their subterranean domains. Content to remain hidden in their mountain realm, concerning themselves with their own existence.
~

“Come Minervar,” Serinae stood and invited me to walk beside her, “we have plenty of time to persuade Jondris, he will come around eventually. In the meantime, tell me about yourself and how you came to be here amongst these human peoples.”
I felt a slight annoyance at her attitude, how dare she suggest that we should even try to persuade Jon away from doing what he thought right. The arrogance, that she should think that he would ultimately bow to her persuasion and the thought that I would be on her side, party to her whims, whatever next? But this annoyance passed, after all she intrigued me also, I felt curiosity, about her, about her history and if I was honest also about what she had in mind for us to do. I also had a feeling of embarrassment at her request. How could my boring life compare with and be of interest to someone that had quite obviously lived many lifetimes of high adventure, seen many fantastic sights and experienced so much. I wondered where to begin. Serinae was smiling at me waiting for me to say something; I was struggling with my thoughts on where to start, what she would find interesting in a life that would probably bore her. After all I myself was bored with my life, how could she be possibly interested, I couldn’t think of anything I may say that could merit the interest of this T’Iea ranger.
Before I had the chance to say anything, a figure strode purposefully out of the trees towards us whistling loudly. I looked at the figure, whoever it was he was short, perhaps a third less tall than me, yet he was stocky and had a purposeful gait, he almost seemed to be marching along to the merry tune he whistled. Serinae turned to follow my gaze. The figure, unmistakably a Grûndén was coming our way stomping along in the usual fashion of his people. Serinae stood and turned slowly towards the figure.
The Grûndén was fully geared for war, fine plate armour was about his person, a sturdy looking chest plate shone in the sunlight, he wore articulated arm and leg armour, all highly polished, all moved perfectly in unison with his limbs as he marched. The whole metal plate armour sat over a shirt of bright ringed mail which in turn sat over a padded leather jerkin and leggings. The latter, where visible, had intricate carvings set into the leathers surface and some kind of dye had been carefully painted into these carved areas so that each carving could be easily seen, not just in relief but also in dull but varied colourings. The leather looked slightly worn where constant rubbing of the plate and ring could be seen. Iron shod boots were upon his feet. A selection of different sized knives and small axes slung about his belt. Across his back he carried an oval shield and a broad double headed battle axe the handle of which was slotted into a leather scabbard, the axe glinted in the light and was covered in ornate carvings and runes typical of the design of his people. Upon his head a very efficient looking helm sat squarely his ears protected by articulated leather flaps and a nose guard fashioned into the shape of an axe, this covered his whole nose and top lip, the shape designed to give free vision, yet offer good protection to his facial features. A horizontal plate protruded from of the rear of the helm obviously giving him good protection for the back of his neck.
I knew Grûndén warriors were famed throughout the lands for their skills in battle. It is said that mining to fighting is an easy transition, I guessed wielding a pick or an axe was a similar set of skills. Grûndén were strong in the arm and in the mind, they had a reputation for sound strategy, relentless strength and an unwavering bravery and skill with their weapons that was second to none. Coupled with their natural ability to have sight in all dark places except those of course that were completely devoid of all light and the fact that they had an inbuilt resilience to suffering, injury and pain the Grûndén were a foe you would not wish to face unless there was no choice, or you outnumbered them one hundred to one! 
A Grûndén warrior would need to be strong, I wondered how I would fare encumbered in such armour, for T’Iea soldiers never wear any heavy armour save thick, treated leather at strategic places about their person and on some occasions light weight ring mail as Serinae wore. For our favoured way in battle was to move fast, strike fast and rely on speed to penetrate the defences of an enemy and dodge any repost rather than being able to resist hard blows and heavy strikes. But I didn’t feel any threat from this encounter, neither I thought did Serinae, for we were T’Iea, our people had long ago allied with the Grûndén both on and off the battle field, those long-standing alliances were no longer called upon very often but I could think of no reason why they shouldn’t still remain true.
This Grûndén didn’t seem to feel any weight at all the way he stomped right up to us, removed his helmet and putting one gauntleted hand through the neck strap, hung it over his arm. Crossing his arms in front of him over his long beard he looked up at Serinae. It was then that I recognised the Grûndén from the tavern last night, the one who had made the comment about dragon scales and was exchanging jokes and gossip with Serinae. 
Serinae addressed the Grûndén, first bowing she then said, “hail to thee master dwarf and well met.”
I noticed she used the term dwarf, the name the humans gave the Grûndén. I also noticed she was smiling broadly. “I see the ale kept you in your bed, you missed all the fun.”
At this the Grûndén raised one eyebrow and bowed low. “aye, I ‘eard. Remind me not t’ be adrinkin; wit’ the likes o’ ye again!”
Then turning slightly and looking at me he said. “M’lady. I be Łĩnwéé Ârcønrâdénn, m’ purpose ‘ere is t’ offer ye m’ service such as it be, there be nay left to be had in Corbond, at least nat for a wee while, m’ interest has waned, an’ m’ next adventure I deem be lyin’ in the same direction as ye. I wish t’ recover the necklace that long-ear fella exhibited last night, the item looks,” here he paused for the slightest of moments and narrowing his eyes, stared into Serinae’s jade green gaze as if weighing up her reaction before saying “familiar, t’ me an’ I be awishin’ t’ study it further.”
Before I could say anything Serinae addressed him. “You are very astute master dwarf, but why, I wonder do you hold such interest in the item, the Dragon scales perhaps?”
The Grûndén looked from her to me and back again. “There be obviously little t’ be gained by dodgin’ words with ye lassie, so I be plain and straight. I have heard tales told o’ the item, I be sure they refer t’ the very same one. If I be right, the item o’ which we speak is deep rooted in the lore o’ m’ people, I had deemed it just an old lore master’s tale, that be until I viewed the item last night with these very own eyes o’ mine. I would wish t’ gaze upon it and hold it, for although it be valued treasure, it also has immense value both in history and in the lore of m’ forefathers.” 
Serinae narrowed her eyes and asked him, “so what is this item to the Grûndén may I ask.” 
Łĩnwéé reached around to his back and drew the battle axe from its scabbard, he was careful to do this in a non-threatening way and Serinae did not move in defence. He then carefully placed it on the ground. He then unshackled the shield and placed it by the side of the axe; he sat upon the grassy bank by the side of these items and beckoned us to sit with him. “Perhaps ye’s both abeein' curious t’ hear t’ tale eh?” 
“Many a year past in the far history of m’ peoples, there be one among us famous fo’ his skills in minin’ an’ his ability to search out the deep places within the earth that held the minerals an’ gem deposits that m’ people value. His name were Déméntârĩ Øâkénfélt, a name that be famous amongst my folk.” 
Serinae remarked that she knew of the name, but thought he was despised as an outlaw. 
Łĩnwéé sighed and explained that in fact Déméntârĩ was wrongly thought of and in fact misplaced circumstances were to blame for this misunderstanding. “But I let ye decide that for ye selves.” He cleared his throat before continuing.
“A stranger who wished t’ remain anonymous had requested Déméntârĩ t’ find fo’ ‘im a subterranean mine that contained a rich deposit of a certain mineral for which the stranger was open t’ pay any price that Déméntârĩ demanded. Déméntârĩ became slightly suspicious fo’ requests o’ this type would normally be made through one o’ the minin’ guilds and nat to a representative such as himself direct. The guilds were very jealous of their contracts. But Déméntârĩ loved his work an’ bein’ paid a princely sum for doing what ‘e enjoyed seemed an incredible piece o’ good fortune, perhaps ‘e were slightly greedy, but ‘e decided to take on the contract ‘unofficially’ so t’ speak but named an outlandishly high price fo’ the endeavour. T’ ‘is great surprise the stranger agreed without a moment’s thought and Déméntârĩ took ‘is leave an’ started to make secret preparations for the undertaking. When he started to research the probable whereabouts of the mineral that the stranger required, Déméntârĩ discovered that the richest deposits o’ the mineral found in the past by the dwarves were contained in a place that were extremely difficult to access. Déméntârĩ again approached the stranger and related this information t’ him. The stranger said that he could help gain access t’ this place, but Déméntârĩ were suspicious an’ ‘e demanded that if ‘e were t’ go into this place ‘e would take with him something of great value t’ the stranger t’ ensure that the stranger would aid ‘is return on completion of the task. They argued, but Déméntârĩ was insistent, the stranger seemed desperate t’ get this mineral so agreed t’ Déméntârĩ’s demands, when asked by the stranger what Déméntârĩ would have t’ safeguard his safe return Déméntârĩ insisted on a necklace that he noticed the stranger wore around his neck. After much debate eventually the stranger relented and wit’ the stranger’s aid Déméntârĩ was able ‘o gain access t’ the place where the mineral be found. Déméntârĩ did indeed discover many deposits and mining some samples ‘e returned t’ the stranger t’ prove that ‘e had found the required mineral. The stranger was overjoyed, and Déméntârĩ demanded that before he would set his mining team back t’ work the stranger would pay double the original price. Not only that but half of the demanded fee was t’ be paid prior to the commencement of mining and half on completion. Also Déméntârĩ would keep the necklace until the full payment had been made. The stranger became incensed and attacked Déméntârĩ, a struggle ensued and the stranger was killed whether by accident or by deliberate action no one knows.”
Łĩnwéé remained quiet for a couple of seconds after ending the tale before he then said, “ay ’tis true perhaps that Déméntârĩ acted a little badly, but not enough t’ make ‘im an outlaw, he acted in self-defence is all. But the stranger I mentioned in the tale, ‘e were an Old One ye un’erstan’ an I fear that the mining guilds abein’ so jealous that one o’ them went behind their backs, well that may have seeded doubt about poor Déméntârĩ’s motives and branded him an outlaw. Not much is recorded about Déméntârĩ from that day t’ this. But he must have returned home for I have seen illustrations of the necklace in our halls o’ lore.
I wondered at the mention of this ‘Old One’, what or who was he, I was dying to know. But before I could ask Serinae spoke. “An interesting tale Master Grûndén, but do you know what happened to this necklace after the events you describe?”
“There be some stories that the necklace were ‘anded down abein’ a’ heirloom an’ all, even that it were part of the dowry of a princess that were lost t’ thieves and brigands when abein’ transported on the road. But the actual whereabouts o’ the necklace remained unknown. That be ‘til I saw it wit’ m’ own eyes last night in the tavern.”
He then asked Serinae a question. “I would dearly like t’ hear what ye have t’ say on the matter m’ lady for ye seemed t’ be tied in with the tale o’ the item along with that high T’Iea rogue.” 
Serinae looked at Łĩnwéé and said, “my part in this is simple, I do not know anything of the history of the necklace even though I am somewhat familiar with ancient Grûndén folklore. None of the many stories I have heard mention such an item and your people are fond of telling of their prowess in the art of the making of fine things. The High T’Iea Tezrin, hired me to track the creature that he suspected had the item so that he could recover it, he didn’t even tell me what it was he sought at the time, my only interest was in the fee I had charged for the contract.” 
Łĩnwéé seemed about to say something further but he sat back and putting his hands behind his head lay back with a grunt and seemed to be satisfied with Serinae's response. Serinae continued to stare at him but then her eyes averted and she stood, obviously the conversation was at an end.
Just then Jondris appeared, he gave a sidelong glance at Serinae and the Grûndén lying back on the grass and then explained that he was going to return to the abbey at Corbond to see what had become of things, he said he would return on the morrow with his answer for Serinae. He smiled at me and put his hand up in front of him as if to tell me to wait for him to return. I suspected he knew I was in more than safe hands, so I was happy to stay with Serinae and chat with her some more if she was willing, for it really was good to be in the presence of one of my own again. Also I wanted to know more about the necklace and the tale the dwarf had related, it seemed to me to be the most exciting thing to have happened, apart from the battle in Corbond of course.
Before long the sun was going down and the night’s gloom gathering, I resigned myself to a night under the stars and hoped it would not rain.
As if in response to my thoughts Serinae said, “well at least there is no threat of rain this night,” and reaching over to drag her bag to her she reached in and brought out two bundles of greased paper each tied with cord made from platted and waxed flax. After undoing these she offered to me and Łĩnwéé the contents, one contained dried meat and fish the other dried fruits and nuts. I contented myself with the fruit and nuts, somehow I did not have the stomach for anything else. Łĩnwéé however turned his nose up at both and waiving the food away instead reached inside his jerkin and withdrew an ornate gold flask and after slackening the straps that held his armour tight about him he proceeded to sip the contents happily. Before taking any food for herself Serinae closed her eyes and putting her hands together said a short prayer. She then proceeded to snack on the dried fish.
After half an hour of silence I heard a deep grunting sound and became aware that Łĩnwéé was, or seemed asleep for he was snoring loudly. The flask from which he was drinking lay stoppered by the side of his head, I reached over and took the golden flask, careful not to awaken the sleeping man. I looked closely at the designs upon it and saw that it was finely made, the depictions upon its sides were of Grûndén wielding picks and shovels obviously mining was in progress, I turned the flask slowly looking at the ornate detail. On one side some kind of strange creature was carved, it didn’t look like anything I had ever seen before, fiery flames surrounded its form. I could not work out what this was so I turned my attention to the rest of the flask. I unstopped the top and was about to take a sniff of the contents when my nose was assaulted by a pungent smell that made my eyes water, quickly replacing the stopper I put the flask back down where I had found it.
Serinae was smiling at me, she whispered, “Grûndén beverages are an acquired taste,” she giggled and coming over sat by my side, then looking up she remarked on the beauty of the stars.
I agreed. But there were questions I wanted to ask. “Serinae, what is an ‘Old One’? And forgive me but you seem to know much about the Grûndén, have you dealt with them before?
Surprisingly she remained quiet as if thinking carefully about her answer, her eyes seemed to focus on distant thoughts, perhaps old memories. After a pause of a minute or so she then said, “If you agree I would like to take you to meet someone Minervar but the choice is yours to make.” 
I was somewhat taken aback by her answer, it was not what I expected and for some reason I found myself remarking that I was committed to learning my skills at Dor’iesnal and I didn’t think it would be possible to leave at this crucial time.
Serinae sighed and nodding said, “yes, Minervar I know and for that commitment I admire you, but Corbond as it was no longer exists, at least not for a while, the raid yesterday has seen to that. Yes, the abbey is still there but I think the priorities would have changed and you may find that your training may be on hold for an indefinite period of time.”
This troubled me I wondered about Jondris, he surely expected me to carry on with my studies. I wanted to get back to my earlier questions and thinking that her answer was some cryptic response I asked Serinae, “so who is it you want me to meet?”
Serinae looked at me, “I want you to meet an old friend”. She then lay back and looked up at the clear, starry sky.
Before I could enquire further she said, “You know Minervar I have travelled the world over and I have been travelling for many, many years, both for profit and for my own curiosity. I have noticed many things as I travelled. The world is changing Minervar. Many things I have taken for granted as the norm are no longer the same. The weather for instance is changing. Places in the world that had never seen snow now have snow albeit for a just a few days every winter. Dry places in the world now suffer floods, and areas that prospered with rich crops now have to contend with less successful harvests. I have passed through villages where I had previously enjoyed great hospitality in the past, but now lay deserted and abandoned because the population has been forced elsewhere through lack of water or an inability to sustain themselves with their own farming. I have noticed that certain species of animal and plants are getting less and some I can no longer find at all. The spirits of the wild are restless and all of this seems to be getting worse year on year.
I thought about what she had said and something sparked a memory and I remembered how my father complained some times of how difficult it was to find some the main ingredients for his provisioning. This made me think more of my parents and Serinae gently putting her hand upon my shoulder brought me back from my thoughts.
So I asked her what all this meant, she looked at the stars and shrugged. 
“I don’t know, but my friend, the one I would like you to meet may be able to suggest some answers.”
“But surely,” I replied, “all this may just be a natural thing of little consequence.”
She shrugged again. “Maybe Minervar, but the changes have been going on now for a good many years and they are accelerating. Recently I have heard of increases in the ferocity of earthquakes and in seasonal storms, sailors have told of increasingly stronger winds out at sea, much stronger than they can remember in the past, and many coastal towns that I have passed through are complaining about the increasing ferocity and incidences of unusually high tides and waves hitting their shores with a far greater force. As a result they are having to suffer worsening occurrences of flooding. More worrying to me is that because peoples are being forced to move from their traditional homes they are encroaching on areas populated by others, most times thankfully this is not so much of a problem, but in other situations conflict has occurred and people have risen in anger. Then yesterday the attack on Corbond has really made me think that some evil has entered the world, whether or not it is linked to the changes in the climate or is completely separate I do not yet understand, but understand I must. I need to seek answers Minervar, I feel the future of all rests on it and the friend I wish us to visit may have some of those answers, or if not at least shed some light on what may need to be done.”
I tried to comprehend all she had said, put it into perspective. 
“But enough of my musing let us join our friend here in slumber, tomorrow is another day and one which will bring lighter talk I hope.” 
So at this I laid my head down and despite the thoughts racing around in my head I suddenly became overcome with a great fatigue and fell quickly asleep.

 
Chapter 5 Preparations for our Journey

Extract from ‘Wri’Tel’Defite’E’Noew’, a novel by Solin De’Teinde.
His father thought for a moment. Then said. “My son, life oft presents thee with choices. It is the manner of things. The choice is thine to make and thine only. None may help you in your choice, for all will choose with his or her own interests at heart.
Firstly then, be wary, thee must carefully decide to choose the right path based on what you understand and desire.” Here the father looked deep into the eyes of his son and said, “then thee must ensure that thy choice of path is right.”
~

The following morning when I awoke I smelt the sweet simmering smell of oat meal over an open fire. Yawning I sat up to behold Serinae, Teouso, Łĩnwéé and Jondris talking by the fire side, I got up quickly and made my way over to them overjoyed to see Jondris returned from Dor’iesnal.
“Good morning Mini,” he said.
I placed my hand upon his shoulder whilst yawning again. “So you slept well then?” he said with a smile. 
I nodded my confirmation and Serinae offered me a bowl of the hot steaming brew and a mug of tea which I accepted gratefully. I began to blow on the oatmeal to cool it, but before I could take my first mouthful, Jondris leant close to my ear and whispered to me, “it seems we are to go traveling Mini.” 
I looked at him questioningly. 
“I spoke to the abbot at Drinal last night. He told me that the monks are to spend the next few month’s helping the towns folk in Corbond to rebuild their homes and generally help get things back on the straight and narrow again, so there will be little time for the training of initiates. In fact they have given the initiates the opportunity to return home if they wish to see their families.” 
“Oh,” was my response, “return home? I have wanted to do that for ages, yet it seemed that now the opportunity may have been given me it was not the first thing on my mind. “But surely we can help out with the town,” 
“Yes, - we - could,” was the reply said slowly and purposefully, with a hint of sarcastic emphasis on each word. “But the Abbott had explained to me that several weeks back a certain person, an elf in fact, a well-travelled elf and HER companion, a rather quiet easterner, had sort an audience with him specifically to ask if he would provide a monk guardian for some journey SHE was going to undertake and apparently SHE had asked for me personally.” 
At this he stared at Serinae who just sipped her tea, looked into her bowl and blew onto the contents of her spoon nonchalantly. 
“He agreed that I should go and to also take my initiate too, as the travel experience would broaden her mind. He suggested I take you to.”
At this Teouso made a strange sound, a sort of whistle between his teeth. Jondris looked at him with a frown. I looked at Serinae; she smiled and winked at me, a shine in her green eyes. A thrill of excitement shot down my spine, I giggled with excitement, it seemed we were to go and accompany Serinae after all. The choice now seemed to have been made for us. I looked at her once more; the corners of her mouth were raised into a discrete smile. Little wonder she had acted as if Jondris would change his mind and accompany her wherever she was going to. Many strange things beyond my control were happening all of a sudden and I felt I had so many questions that remained unanswered. “ok, but before we leave I need to know a few things.”
Everyone looked at me and as no one objected or spoke so I began. “Serinae, how did you know you wanted Jondris and me to go with you wherever it is you intend to go, if you asked the Abbot weeks ago about releasing us for this journey?” 
She raised her hands in submission and replied that she had actually arrived in the area some weeks before but had stayed out of sight waiting for the appearance of Tezrin. Whilst watching out for him she had also seen Jondris and myself about the place, she noticed that we got on well and my being a T’Iea, a kinswoman, this persuaded her that we would satisfy the requirements for her travelling companions, primarily she desired a fighter and a healer. She went on to explain that after the battle yesterday we had confirmed her thoughts, she was now sure we would be ideal for her needs.
A period of silence followed and my thoughts turned to the events of the previous days, “but you weren’t the only T’Iea to arrive in Corbond, there was Tezrin and the mage that seemed to be in command of those hideous things that attacked the town, the pyromancer, he looked like a T’Iea to?” 
But as before, not one of my companions could shed any light or answer my questions, no one had seen the like of those dark creatures before and none had any idea what they were or where they came from. Only Łĩnwéé muttered something about ancient evil and minds of malice.
Serinae glanced at me briefly then glanced at Jondris, who lowered his eyes to the ground. 
“Evil takes on many forms Minervar,” said Jondris. 
At this Teouso made a snarling noise and spat onto the ground.
I flinched at this display.
Serinae smiled at me saying, “excuse Teouso Minervar, because he cannot talk he shows his responses to what he hears in many other more visual ways.”
This prompted me to ask about our easterner friend and his uncanny ability to change his form.
Serinae replied. “Teouso hails from the clan of men from the far south eastern edge of Dahl’Ambronis, they are not a race that exceeds great numbers for over the centuries they have been shunned and persecuted, even experienced extreme forms of genocide from their fellow men for what they are. Most of Teouso’s people are shifters, able to change their form from man to a beast. The region where they live was tainted long ago in ancient times by a great chaotic release of arcane energy. Some say that the people who used to live there when faced with an approaching enemy decided to destroy the land rather than allow their enemy to claim it. So in their ignorance they poisoned all the land about themselves for hundreds of miles with great enchantments of warding and arcane snares. It is believed that everything that lived in this region over time became affected by the raw power that was so carelessly and liberally used without any thought for its long term affects. After many generations of being tainted and polluted, the majority of the population found that they were able at the whim of thought change from human form to a beast and back again at will. It is speculated that the spirits of man and animal over many, many generations have been somehow linked because of the long term effects upon them by the arcane power that infects their very existence. They also noticed that all of the people with this capability could only change into one type of animal and still to this day they do not know for certain why this should be the case. They have lived a secluded life ever since. On the occasions where outsiders have stumbled across them, or Teouso’s people have attempted to make contact with their fellow man beyond their region, they have most times been shunned and hailed as freaks, abominations of men.” 
Then looking at Teouso again, his eyes burning brightly, flared with a look of outrage, he confirmed with a nod that the story was accurate.
So Serinae continued, “Teouso, curious about the world beyond his own, sometimes wandered from the shifters lands. As his confidence and curiosity grew he would roam farther and farther from the safety of his clan. He was but a youth at the time and on one such occasion he was unlucky enough to be captured by a group of mercenaries. They took him prisoner and he became a slave to them. But even after many years his proud demeanour and toughness remained even though he was subjected to tortures and abuse by the mercenaries. For his spirit both in words and actions was strong and they wished to subdue him. So in amongst the regular beatings they cut out his tongue in an attempt to try and curve his spirit. However one of the mercenary clan felt some liking for Teouso and managed to persuade the leader that Teouso’s spirit should perhaps be encouraged in training to be a fighter. After much persuasion the man was given Teouso to train. Of course as you have witnessed Teouso took to training well and excelled at the craft of hand to hand combat. The group leader however didn’t trust Teouso enough to agree to him being trained in sword and other more fearsome weapons. Then one day an unknown person or persons hired the mercenary group to do the unthinkable. They were hired and tasked to destroy the very community of men that Teouso had known as a child, the shifter community. The day came for the planned attack and the group set off to do the deed, Teouso didn’t at that time know what the mercenaries had been tasked to do and who was to be attacked, he just assumed it was to be just another raid. But when the group arrived and started to make preparations for the impending attack something stirred in Teouso’s mind a premonition or a long lost memory. He managed to sneak away from the mercenary camp to take a look at the place and the people they were tasked in destroying, for he needed to answer questions and suspicions in his mind. He shifted into his wolf form, for he was better disguised and all his senses were heightened. As he neared the shifter camp he was spotted by another shifter, a girl called Resola, she was in her animal form, a black panther, and she immediately recognised Teouso for what he was. She carefully made her way behind him and uttered a low growl to announce her presence, Teouso hearing the sound turned his head slowly and as he set eyes on Resola she shifted back into human form so that Teouso could understand her true nature, he in turn shifted back and recognising that there were others of his kind in the world went with Resola to the shifter camp where he immediately sort council with their leaders to warn them of the impending attack. So it was when the attack came the shifters were not taken by surprise, they were fully prepared and ready. As you can imagine a bloody battle commenced. The shifters took losses but the mercenary group were entirely routed and none lived to tell the tale. So it was Teouso found himself home again, back amongst his own kind.”
I asked Serinae how she knew all this as Teouso couldn’t have told her very easily. She explained that as they travelled they had plenty of time to discuss things in a written and pictorial format. Teouso beckoned to me so I stood and made my way to where he was sitting. He had been scraping at the soft peaty ground with a stick, I looked down to where he gestured, two stick like figures were depicted in the earth each had a hand held high in friendly greeting. He pointed to one and then placed his hand over his heart, then taking my hand he touched my fingertips to the other figure and placed my hand over my heart. He then smiled at me broadly, and a tear came to my eye as I realised he was expressing friendship towards me; I held his hand in both of mine and smiled at him in return. He nodded in understanding.
I asked my next question. “So Serinae, how did you know that Tezrin would come to Corbond?”
“Well that was just a hunch. When we first met up to embark upon our little venture as he called it, he said he would meet me in a small town near the Great Spine after nine days. Apparently he had something to settle first elsewhere. I’m afraid I have a slightly, well, shall we just say that I like to know as much about my employers as possible before embarking upon any arrangement with them. I wondered why the delay, so I followed Tezrin to Corbond. He met someone there in the Tavern, another T’Iea I think, but this may not be so, the figure kept his hood over his head at all times. Much discussion went on between them, they didn’t seem to be old friends, more like comrades in arms. Anyway they had a lengthy discussion, as if they were planning something elaborate. But then Tezrin left and so did I. I took a different route than he, I travelled without rest so that I could ensure I would arrive before him, we met in the small town as planned and embarked upon the journey to recover the necklace. The meeting he had in Corbond was never mentioned and I didn’t ask him about it. So my hunch was that after getting the item Tezrin would return to Corbond to again meet with this other secret person.”
"Do you think that Tezrin had anything to do with the attack on Corbond then?”
Serinae smiled at my question, it was a melancholy smile, she almost seemed to flinch at what I asked. She took a sip of tea. She then looked at the ground in front of her. “I hope not.”
I was a little confused by her answer, but before I could ask anything else she stood and walked away from the group.
I went to stand and follow her, but before I could gain my feet Łĩnwéé grasped my arm and cheerfully said, “Hey lassie, ye’s full o’ questions eh? How ab'ut I be a tellin’ ye abut m’ people eh? There be a lot o’ tellin’ fo’ we may be short, but we be ‘avin tall stories!” He smiled and laughed.
I sat down once more as I watched Serinae walking away.
 

Chapter 6 Embarkation

Extract from ‘Journeys in my own Company’, an Auto-Biography by Solin De’Teinde.
I quickly found that the correct choice of footwear was of paramount importance. For equally as nice as it was to enter an unknown place with seemingly smart apparel upon one’s feet, it was also wise to have on footwear that allowed one to run swiftly back out again should the need arise.
~

The following morning our party of five set out through the forest on our way to see Serinae’s mysterious friend. Any further efforts on my part were to no avail, my questions fell upon deaf ears it seemed. Serinae would not elaborate any further apart from telling us that she lived in a town five days journey west from where we were, the name of the town being Amentura, a port town on the coast, where Dahl’Ambronis meets with the vast watery expanse of the Great Trad Ocean. I had not heard of the town before and I was reminded of just how cloistered my existence had become whilst studying at the abbey. But Serinae did describe it in sketchy detail saying it was a pretty town, built on a hillside the houses tumbling down to the coast, apparently very prosperous being mainly concerned with shipping and merchants some of whom traded across the great ocean to the continent far to the west. Jondris however seemed to know of the place although he said he had never been there. 
At least the going was easy. In the main we walked along paths and lanes that showed signs of much use, indeed many times on the journey we came across travellers of varying sorts coming and going, all seemed relaxed and confident in their greetings and well wishes towards us and this made the journey a most pleasant undertaking. The weather remained fine and the company enjoyable as we talked lightly. I walked along a spring in my step, excitement in my heart in anticipation of the possibility of adventure.
Master Łĩnwéé especially proved to be a good travelling companion, always cheerful and a great teller of tales and lore, all of which seemed to involve heroic battle; heavy drinking and feasting; the finer points around the engineering involved in mining and tunnelling; the making of fine weapons, adornments and armour and the regular occurrence of unpronounceable names of various heroes and heroines lauded throughout the extensive realms of his peoples history. The other talent that Łĩnwéé seemed to excel in was the telling of raucous jokes, most of which we laughed at but some I found to be somewhat vulgar and found myself frowning, much to Łĩnwéé’s amusement and this of course did not deter him from the telling, in fact I think it encouraged him.
One evening when we had camped for the night, I asked him how he found himself in Corbond, it transpired that he was part of a company that had escorted some dignitaries of some sort from the Grûndén city of Gwéldølĩn to the abbey at Dor’iesnal and with prior arrangement with his superiors, instead of returning straight away with his companions he had wanted to take a few days off at Corbond, a small holiday he called it, but this was accompanied with a sly wink of his eye. I missed the purpose of his wink and I found I felt slightly embarrassed, so didn’t venture to ask any more questions on that particular subject. 
But I found myself frowning at my thoughts. “Some holiday,” I remarked. 
He smiled at me and said, “aye well lassie it were gettin' a little borin’, but not now, Lord Øédréll has seen fit t’ lay an adventure in m’ lap and I mean t’ make the most o’ it.” At this he turned his axe so that he could plant the shaft firmly down onto the ground, and leaning on the shaft, his hands placed between the two blades spread his legs slightly apart and smiled a broad smile at me. “Say m’ pretty wee lassie, be ye glad t’ take me along fo’ the fun o’ it eh? Ye ner’ can tell when ma’ axe may need a swingin’ an’ a choppin’.” He then winked his bright blue eye at me from beneath his bushy eyebrow.
This made me giggle; I thought then that I couldn’t help but like this stout Grûndén man for he seemed more akin to my people than any other race I had met. I was very glad that he had joined with us. 
As we continued to travel I found we were passing through some of the oldest parts of the ancient forest of Gel’Te’Ertenya, the trees of which were beautiful broad leaved specimens, the ground on which we walked seemed to spring us along as it was covered in soft leaf mould and either side of the path deep patches of wonderfully green spongy moss, small colourful flowers pocked their heads through the moss and many bees and insects flew around them. Everything felt very natural and seemed to have been undisturbed for many years.
We feasted on the most marvellous mushrooms, tasty nuts and mouth-watering berries; the fare of the forest was abundant and ripe for the picking. Nature’s larder at its most plentiful and very finest. This did not seem to please Łĩnwéé though, for on numerous occasions he could be heard pleading with Serinae.
“M’lady Serinae, perhaps ye may have a little o’ that dried fish and meat jerky about ye person?”
The sun warmed our backs in the mornings and our faces in the afternoons and we were serenaded by the call of song birds. I often mused that if we were to change direction and travel north we would arrive in my home country, the eleven realm of K’Reselnare. I hoped that maybe our journey of adventure would take us there some day. For now though I was out of the confines of the abbey at Dor’iesnal and I felt a freedom and sense of release, but something in the back of my mind harboured a great wish to return to my home. But we continued west at least for the time being on towards Amentura and Serinae’s mysterious friend. 
On the evening of the fourth day my acute hearing picked up a pleasant rhythmical noise on the warm breeze blowing into our faces. There was a salty smell on the same wind and strange bird calls that I had not heard for many years. Serinae welcomed the call of the sea gulls and she confirmed it was a sure sign that we were nearing the Trad Ocean. I could not help dancing with excitement; I desperately wanted to see the ocean again after all these years.
The great Trad Ocean the largest expanse of water in the world. I once heard that it was supposed to cover about a third of the globe. A vast expanse of seemingly endless ocean that ran from the far north to the far south dividing the world in two vertically. Its far northern and southern extremities were supposed to be a frozen wasteland, comprising of thick impenetrable ice the whole year round. Yet in the far south I had heard it say that mountains made of fire rose into the sky disgorging flame and fume. But even with the backdrop of such volcanic activity the ocean remained frozen for much of the yearly cycle. It must be terribly foreboding in those regions.  I had seen snow fall in the northern parts of K’Reselnare, even near to the coastal regions, the rivers and lakes have been known to freeze over in the harshest of winters. But I had never seen or heard of the ocean freezing.
I had been close to the Trad Ocean many times before, further north from Amentura, for there up the coast the T’Iea have a small fishing town nestled by the sea, it is called R’Ealto'Noac’Trado. It is a beautiful place languishing between the foothills of the Mountains of Ambrunista to the landward side of the town and the Trad Ocean to the seaward. I can still remember the simple beauty of the place, the rising of the sun over the snow white peaks of the mountains and its setting beyond the rim of the ocean.
My father has relatives there, his older sister and her family. The husband, my uncle Tear’E a boat builder and part time fisherman. We used to stay with them in the summer when I was young. I remember my uncle Tear’E, a thin person with ruddy complexion; his features chiselled by the ocean elements, his hands hard and calloused from handling his tools and the ropes of the sailing vessels he built. His wife, my aunt U’Sule, a jolly sort with a fondness for smoking a long clay pipe. She always wore, as seemed traditional in that place, a soft leather hood over her head delicately stitched with colourful threads, with a beaded tassel hanging from the crown. They have three sons, the eldest Had’Ress, the same age as me and two twins Re’Nert and Pas’Furn who were both just a few years younger. I used to spend my holidays playing in the sand dunes and splashing in the ocean with my cousins and numerous other children from the town. Oh how I relished those memories from my childhood.
But that was many, many years ago and for now I was destined to remain excited until I could perceive the ocean again after all these years. Hopefully we would get our first sight of the expanse of water the following day, for it was getting too dark now to see.
We camped that night with the sounds of the not so distant ocean lulling us to sleep. I dreamt of summers spent by the sea and frolics in the sand dunes. Of trips out onto the ocean in the fishing boats, the sounds of the water lapping against the hull, the creaking of the rigging and the ropes, the songs hummed and sang by the fishermen as they worked, the salt taste on my lips and the mineral aroma of the drying salt water upon my clothing.
I was up early the following morning well rested, for I had enjoyed a marvellous night on what felt like a soft feather bed formed by the soft mosses and tree litter. But now I was anxious to get moving. My dreams during the night of sunny sand, miles of beaches and sand dunes with long sea grass waving in gentle warm breezes. The little cotton seed pods of the grasses sailing away on the breeze. Of lying on the warm sand holding my mother’s hand as we pointed out imaginary shapes in the white fluffy clouds passing high above. Of setting my father’s teeth on edge as I blew through my fingers where I clasped a blade of the grass causing a loud screeching noise. All this had only served to increase my excitement of seeing the ocean. Oh, how I longed to see the Trad again.
We breakfasted on puffy, juicy mushrooms, all except Łĩnwéé for Serinae had taken pity on him and shot a large hare, this he butchered and prepared and cooked for himself with glee, his excitement was plain as he chattered away to himself in his own language whilst he worked. But eventually we packed and were on our way at last, none too soon for my impatience to get moving was starting to show and I am sure became obvious to all.
Within an hour or so we left the line of trees and found ourselves on a high grassy cliff top overlooking the ocean. I gasped, so there it was at last, completely unchanged, just as I remembered it, the azure blue, the white crested waves, the stiff warm wind that blew in from the deep ocean, the gulls wheeling about, their mournful cries carrying far on the breeze.
We turned to the south and followed a well-travelled cliff path as it snaked around headlands, occasionally dipping down into small coves with warm sandy beaches, only to climb again to another headland from where we could see more of the same coastline disappearing into the distance.
I was beginning to think we should have turned north and not south, perhaps we had gone the wrong way and were heading along the coast away from Amentura. But eventually after we arrived at the top of yet another lofty headland, there at last below us resplendent in a large oval shaped bay I had my first view of our destination.
White stone walled houses started right at the sea front and wound their way back inland where they became less numerous. In their place stood larger buildings also white in colour but higher in numbers of stories or just in size of interior, they looked more like work places rather than the houses of the towns inhabitants. A small harbour ran along the town’s seafront, wooden breakwaters led out into the ocean looking for all the world like a pair of arms embracing the sea. A pebbly beach to the right of the town covered in fisherman’s nets drying in the warm sunshine. Then high on the surrounding rolling hills behind the town sat many palatial looking villas and opulent mansions. I could see quite clearly even from this distance each beautiful manicured garden, all sporting brightly coloured flowers and shrubs basking in the sunshine. Each garden was surrounded by high white stone walls with ornate iron gates set at intervals within them. I realised that this was certainly a place grown rich from its trading activity. I wondered if Serinae’s friend lived in one of these houses, wondered if she and perhaps her family were merchants grown wealthy on rich profits, but I forgot to ask as we made our way down the cliff path. The warmth of the sun and the increasing shelter from the sea breezes raised the temperature as we wandered down the steep winding way and I found myself slipping off my back pack to allow the cool breeze to blow across my perspiring back.
We entered the town through a small portico guarded by two very sleepy looking town militia, one an old man snoring loudly, as he sat on top of the stone wall, an empty bottle of ale next to an empty tankard by his side. The other a, gangly looking youth, the formers grandson perhaps, who looked no more than in his twelfth or thirteenth summer. The young lad was leaning his cheek upon his halberd, his face pushed up showing a sunken eye and gapped teeth. Neither moved nor even batted an eyelid at us as we passed them by, clearly Amentura had few enemies and had little experience of any kinds of trouble, at least in recent years. I couldn’t help myself as I passed by the youth, I made the long piece of grass I had been sucking between my teeth brush gently across his ear, he just slowly waved at the ear with a hand as if dislodging a persistent fly. I put my hand over my mouth and giggled, Serinae smirked, Jondris waved his finger at me, which made me smile even more.
Once through the gate, the town spread out before us. We were still quite high up on the downward slope of the cliff path even though it had become a metaled roadway into the town proper. The way was narrow and cobbled, the cobles themselves had shiny worn surfaces and dipped lower in the centre of the road a sure sign that this street and presumably the town had been here for many an age.
The houses either side of the street were gaily painted in pastel colours, a bounty of flowering plants hung from window boxes and it was common to see thick stone walls with hollowed out troughs in the tops where soil and plants had also been placed. Many of the plants were thick stemmed with rubbery leaves and petals, some had no leaves at all that I could see but were covered in sharp needle like spines, some of these had bright blooms in amongst the spiny covering. Most seemed to be trying to outshine its neighbours for all displayed their best show of blooms in colours too numerable to mention, it was a beautiful sight to behold. 
Various painted signs hung outside some doorways, these were either displaying the names of the houses or sometimes advertising some trade that I supposed went on inside. This area, indeed the whole town had the look and feel of a well to do place, well maintained and not embarrassed to show off its prosperity a little. People we passed along the street were also well dressed and friendly, always keen to greet us with a happy gesture or kind word.
A little before the point where the street levelled off, I noticed some discolouration on the base of the painted walls of the houses, this discolouration started at ground level and got higher up the walls as we came down the sloping avenue. Where the road levelled off the area of discolouration remained at a similar height above the ground about three quarters of a metre. Some houses had obviously tried to cover up these marks by repainting, but even here some discolouration showed through the new paint. Jondris then remarked that it looked like the town had suffered floods not so long ago. 
Eventually we came across a beautiful little square. This square had several roads and alleyways leading to and from it. In the centre of the square was set a grassy area with flower beds and four or five wooden benches, some occupied by people sitting and resting. In the very centre of the square a statue of a man rose up upon a pedestal. He stood with an unfurled scroll in his hands looking out to sea, I was curious to know who he was and what he had done to merit a statue of himself being raised in this town square, but we didn’t get close enough to see any plaque or sign.
We made our way around the square and after turning down an alley we stood before a large building with a sign boasting the name ‘The Salt ‘n Surf Inn’. The door of the Inn was open wide and as we approached a cat ran out of the door followed by the head of a broom. Upon the handle end of the broom stood an old man about the same height as me, he was muttering something about mouse catchers not doing their jobs or earning their keep. He then spied us and immediately lent the broom against a wall just inside the doorway and quickly unfastening the strings at his back, took off the dirty old apron that he was wearing. He then bowed to us and bid us welcome at his Inn, which according to him boasted, “thy besty eat’n an’ drink’n on the coast wit’ the besty ru’ms t’ boot.” 
We rented ourselves five besty ru’ms for the night which did prove to be very comfortable in deed, clean and well looked after. Then after washing and sorting ourselves out we met in the common room to drink some tea, well some of us did, the rest had other beverages, each to their own tastes. Łĩnwéé sat in awe staring at a massive glass jug with handles both sides that contained a large quantity of ale.
Serinae excused herself after her cup of tea saying that she needed to run an errand and she would meet us back here before the evening meal was served. At this she set off back through the front door of the Inn and disappeared up a side road, a different one from the road we entered on.
We sat chatting amongst ourselves for the next few hours, we were all in high spirits and we joked about the errand Serinae felt compelled to do and what it could possibly be. The sweet wine that was served to us no doubt encouraging the descriptions of Serinae’s errand to be more and more absurd. In the middle of this raucous laughter Serinae did indeed return. She strode through the entrance door just as it was getting to be dusk outside. She came straight over to where we all sat and joined us at the table. We all greeted her and Jondris asked if she had completed her errand to which I admit I gave a childish smirk choking on the wine I was drinking. Giving me a somewhat sideways glance she said that yes she had. I looked at her and she smiled back. 
We all stared at her expectantly and eventually she laughed and said, “ok, ok I’ll tell you what it was I had to do. I felt it best that I go see my friend before we all descend on her house, just to prepare her for whom she will meet, that is all.” 
Łĩnwéé then asked Serinae about this mysterious friend of hers and why she lived in this town. He waved his hand around theatrically and had a slur to his voice, between two of the words he belched loudly, I could smell the ale on his breath from where I sat. I laughed.
“She is a very old friend,” explained Serinae, looking at me with a frown on her face, “we go back a long, long time, I was once a travelling companion and guardian to her, for she travelled extensively in past years, hence the reason for living here in this port town, she was always in need of a ship to take her, or us, somewhere and as Amentura always has a regular supply of ships of all sizes going to lots of different shores it was an ideal place to stay.” 
Łĩnwéé raised a finger and waved it in front of her face, he then asked why we were to meet her, for if she held great knowledge then what could we possibly have to say to her over any matter.
Serinae just said that it would be better to hear any requests from her own lips rather than through someone else who did not perhaps know the whole story. 
“So, what is your friends name then?” I asked. 
Serinae replied, “her name is her own, I’ll let her introduce herself, but she has become quite famous for her writings and books and you may have heard of her.” 
Now I was very much perplexed and intrigued by the nature of this person, but no amount of demands or questioning could persuade Serinae to say anything further, instead she made her excuses and went upstairs to her room. I for one couldn’t wait to go and have this meeting just to satisfy my own curiosities. 


 


Chapter 7 Lady of Amentura

Extract from ‘De’Et’Niale’Ternaven - An Order for life’ by Solin D’Teinde.
Alas, I am the last of my order. It pains me greatly that all my brethren have departed this world. I now stand alone, the final living testament to all that the order of De’Et’Niale’Ternaven has accomplished over its many tens of thousands of years of existence. Not a day goes by when I do not mourn each one in their passing. We, have battled, travelled, learned and written ourselves into oblivion, for none now come to learn of the ways of old, for successive generations have become distracted. Our changed culture increasingly seeks only that which has immediacy. We become more interested in results than in planning. For it seems that people no longer look to the past for guidance or encouragement, those attributes which set our culture apart are shunned and alas we are becoming weaker for it.
~

I awoke the following day just as the sun started to rise. Excitement still in my mind. But not wanting to disturb my companions decided to go for a walk through the town before breakfast. I got dressed and left my room. Quietly descending the stairs, I went to the door and opening it looked outside.
It was a fine morning, still cool, for the sun was not yet able to shine its full radiance down upon the town. Feeling pleased, I congratulated myself for making such a pleasant choice. After savouring a few deep breaths of the bracing sea air, I randomly chose a direction and started to stroll. As I made my way through this pleasant seaside town I could hear people about, I guessed they were merchants opening up shops or others going about their early morning business making ready for the day. There were quite a few carts around the streets no doubt making early morning deliveries. I greeted everyone I met, each citizen was polite and happy just like they had been the day before.
I made my way down to the quay and stood there a while looking at the fishing boats bobbing on the gentle swell. Many had obviously been out to fish already and returned, for crates of fish and other sea foods were being unloaded onto the side of the dock which was running wet with the water from the melted ice that filled the crates keeping the produce fresh. I was reminded of my uncle Tear’E in R’Ealto'Noac’Trado and how every morning I would help him and my cousins unload the days’ catch and also help him sell the fish he caught right there on the dockside.
Here though in Amentura the actual fish sales went on elsewhere for the crates where being loaded onto hand carts and wheeled off to an unknown destination. I thought about following them just to see where they took the fish, but I decided to walk further along the dock. The gaily coloured fishing boats were replaced with larger ocean going vessels, merchant ships no doubt, all richly adorned with wooden carvings and brass fittings, highly polished and gleaming in the sunlight. Unlike the noisy industrious feel and fishy smells of the dockside where the fishing vessels moored, this area was quiet and much more relaxed, smelling strongly of the linseed oil used to waterproof the wooden hulls of the ships. After strolling by the vessels admiring each one I finally decided to head back into the town.
I walked down a side street leading from the dock area and as I progressed I became aware of raised voices. At first I assumed these were merchants touting for business, perhaps I had inadvertently come across where the fish sales happened. But the sounds became a little more urgent than I would expect for this sort of activity. Curiosity got the better of me and I made my way to where I thought the sounds were coming from and as I turned a corner I could hear angry shouts at the end of one alley. Becoming even more curious I made my way towards the source of the noise. Eventually at a small crossroads within the maze of alleyways at the rear of the dockside warehouses, I came across a mob of people shouting at something or someone in their centre, I could not see who or what. 
There were many raised fists and violent gestures being made, I could discern cries of “hang the little bugger!”
“No that’s too good for the little creep, boil him in oil.” 
I pushed nearer through the crowd intent on seeing what all the fuss was about, I could make out a small figure of what looked like a child cowering on the ground, his arms raised in protection. The back of his hands had blooded knuckles and as I watched stout sticks fell upon them yet again bloodying more of the skin as he tried to defend himself. I suddenly became appalled at this sight, sickened at this act of brutality, for I thought these townspeople to be above such awful behaviour. I pushed forward and placed myself in between the child and a man holding a cruel looking knife of the type typically used to gut fish. 
“Stop!” I shouted. “Have you all taken leave of your senses? Leave this child alone for pities sake.” 
The man with the knife snarled and so incensed was he that he shouted incoherently at me, spittle flying in my face. Others were crowding around looking at me most distastefully, I suddenly realised that I might actually be in grave danger and had been a little foolish to intervene in whatever was going on here, but I was resolute that this badly behaved mob stop their incessant beating of this defenceless child. I was aware that he had turned at the sound of my voice and now lay face up on the ground slowly scooting backwards towards a wall behind him.
One in the women in the crowd laughed ironically and shouted at me, “mind your own business elf, we want revenge for the attacks his kind made upon us!” 
I was about to ask what attack they were referring to when I looked down at the child expecting to see a small boy, but I got a shock of a different kind. No child was this that cowered against the wall, for a grown man’s features looked up at me, a round face with a stubbly goatee beard small stubby nose and wide set eyes, large brown eyes, made larger because of the fear reflected in them. Then I realised my mistake for this was no human child but the person was a Pnook, one of the small race of Gnomes as they are known by humans in the common tongue. I was thrown off guard at this discovery and two of the crowd moved past me and taking the small figure between them lifted him up. 
“Come on hang him now.” A cry went up from the same women who had shouted at me, she smiled at the responses from the crowd, loud shouts of agreement.
But before they could drag the little man away a curved sword appeared from nowhere and swished through the air by my head to stop at the throat of one of the men holding the Pnook. I looked at the sword and moving my eyes along its blade, I perceived a slender hand with a green cuff of elegant design and then on to a bracer I recognised. 
“Serinae.” I breathed a sigh of relief. 
The man with the sword at his throat dared not moved and dropping the arm of the Pnook the little man again collapsed onto the ground.
Serinae scanned the crowd and hissing through her teeth said, “I suggest you people go pick on someone your own size.” 
The crowd responded with growls and shouts of, “none of your business," and "leave him to us.” 
With a familiar metallic swishing noise Serinae drew her other blade with her free hand and I shuddered at the look on her face, her green eyes aflame once again. I was sure she would have fought the whole crowd if she had to and I just knew she would win. The situation was getting grave.
In an effort to calm the situation I asked, “look, what has he done to you?” 
The man that had the sword to his throat snarled and said, “last night we had a spate of attacks on our citizens, a gang of three or four murderous thugs attacked a few of our people whilst we returned home with a view to robbing us, we managed to kill one of the attackers and, from what we discovered it was obviously Gnome assassins who were behind the attack.”
“Yes,” cried one in the crowd, “it was definitely Gnome doing.” 
I looked at them in disbelief, how was this possible, everyone knew there weren’t enough Pnook in the whole of Dahl’Ambronis to raise an army and form any kind of real threat. I thought that even here in this sleepy port town, mob rule had shown its ugly face. “But the Pnook, I mean Gnomes are a peaceful people, they are not violent or malicious in any way.”
“Go look at the body over there,” cried another in the crowd.
“What body?” I asked.
Many eyes in the crowd looked down a side alley at a dark mound lying on the ground just discernible between two buildings.
Serinae started to move towards the mound, she had sheathed one of her swords and bent down to grasp the collar of the cowering Pnook, then pushing him in front of her she walked through the crowd, one of her weapons still drawn. The crowd parted to allow her passage then closed again and followed close behind.
As we got closer to the mound I suddenly realised it consisted of a dark prone body, as we got closer I could hear the flies that had massed around the dead form and started to smell the rank odour of death. I wretched, even though I tried to stop myself.
Serinae however moved closer seemingly not noticing either the flies or the smell. “I suggest you burn this immediately,” she said. 
The man to whom she had threatened with her blade said with sarcasm in his voice, “hah! You try, for maybe you can build a better fire than we can to do the job.” 
I couldn’t understand this comment and turned to look at the body again. Serinae prodded the body with the toe of her boot, it rolled over onto its back. I stared and suddenly I realised with absolute horror why the man had made such a comment. For the body although seemingly made from flesh and blood like any other, also had limbs and other parts that seemed to be made from some kind of metal. The corpse was constructed, if that’s the word, from what looked like odd body parts, and what was missing was made up from crafted metal. Arms, legs, torsos, heads, and smaller parts, fingers, toes, eyes, ears, some joints, made from bright metallic material. Some of these parts had a metal covering, some did not and I saw exposed the wire sinews and coiled spring muscles, coloured string or strands were everywhere for the body was obviously half machine. Some parts even twitched and sparks occasionally spattered from a damaged part of the machinery as if a remainder of some life force still held on even in death. But all of the flesh parts were obviously dead and decaying rapidly. I suddenly felt very nauseous and had to turn from the spectacle. I couldn’t talk but as well as the sickness I felt a numbness within me at the realisation that such mechanical things normally originated from the minds of the Pnook, they were masters of technology of all sorts, but why?
As if in response to my very thoughts I heard a voice shout. “See,” said a woman from the crowd, “only the Gnomes could make such evil things.” 
The Pnook who also seemed very shocked at the spectacle cowered behind Serinae, who whilst shaking her head said, “I do not believe this to be their work, I have never travelled to meet the Gnomes in the Rust Desert, but I have come across them before in various places around the world. I don’t believe they are capable of such as this for they keep themselves to themselves and are not interested in the trials of others. I have never come across anything like this before.” 
By this time three town militia had arrived looking a little nervous and hanging in the background. Serinae forced the Pnook to walk with her over to where the three soldiers stood, she stared at them each in turn then she then turned to the crowd and said, “I will take the Gnome with me. He will be interrogated and if evidence is found of his involvement with the attacks you describe I will ensure he is handed back to your authorities so that he may be taken to a court of law and if necessary made accountable for whatever truth may lay in your accusations.”
She turned to face the sergeant obviously in charge of the small troop of militia, she stared into his eyes and he nodded. “We will let the Elf lady take the prisoner.” He seemed relieved more than anything, probably seeing a way to relinquish any responsibility for the situation to someone else.
The crowd grumbled at this, but seemed to accept the situation.
After placing her blade back into its scabbard and taking the Pnook securely by the arm, she marched him away from the scene. I, shaking like a leaf, followed her as the crowd again parted to allow us passage.
We marched through the town. We were not headed in the direction of the inn where we had rooms, so I asked what was to become of our other companions? Serinae just said that the turn of events meant that we needed to meet her friend sooner than later and she would arrange for our friends to join us as soon as possible.
The Pnook remained quiet, not offering any explanation for his recent turn of bad luck; we didn’t even receive any thanks for his rescue. 
We walked up hill out of the main town; eventually coming to a grand area situated above in the hills behind, where according to Serinae lay the quarter formally favoured by the T’Iea population of Amentura. We turned down a wide boulevard. Fruit trees of many varieties, mainly Oranges lined each side of the road and in between colourful shrubs grew. We wound our way up the hill until we looked down upon the town below. Eventually we stopped before an ornate wrought iron gate set into a whitewashed wall. After removing her glove, Serinae pulled upon a chain set into a small alcove in the brickwork by the side of the gate. I noticed something I had not seen before upon her hand, the one which pulled on the chain. She had on the index finger an ornate ring with a single green gem set within a clasp fashioned in the form of what looked like a wolf’s head, the green gemstone set within its open maw.
A shuffling sound came from inside and rounding a corner an elderly man came into view, after peering at us through the iron gate and having been shown the ring, he nodded and with a greeting that included a low bow he said, “m’lady”, then unlocking the gate allowed us to enter. We walked through into a beautiful courtyard garden with an ornate fountain set at its centre depicting some kind of school of leaping fish, the water outlets trickling from of their open mouths. The water fell into a neatly maintained pond full of golden fish with gossamer fins waving gently as they swam along beneath and between colourful flowering aquatic plants.
We passed around this water feature and I looked about me. Windows on the second floor of the house were set on three sides of the courtyard overlooking the garden, each displaying a colourful window box. Many archways were set into the ground floor. I could see through the wrought iron work that filled each arch and could view within many things, chopped wood for fires, crates of fruit, tools and other household goods and chattels.
The aromas and scents of the various plants made my nose tingle, for many species grew in the various flower beds and some wove their way through the wrought iron work, up the walls and across the space between. Rope cords had been strung across to encourage their growth. All displayed an abundance of flowers and various berries and other small fruits like grapes. Some of the various coloured petals had fallen to the paths beneath and it seemed we walked upon a soft colourful carpet.
Eventually we stood before a wooden door, it looked plain apart from a knocker that looked identical to the same motif I had seen on the ring that Serinae now wore. Serinae slowly raised her hand and touched the ring to the knocker, with a loud click the door swung inwards and I peered into the interior expecting someone to be standing there, but no one met my gaze, the door had seemingly opened on its own. Without hesitation Serinae pushed our Pnook charge through and then she  strolled into the house, I followed. 
The interior was very grand and at the same time felt quite old, many carvings and pictures lined the walls and ceiling, all of them characteristically T’Iea in design and there were shelves upon shelves of books of all kinds of colour and sizes. Scented candles burned in sconces on the walls and on some of the windowsills. The result was that they filled the room with a soothing aroma.
“Wait here.” Serinae commanded and then let go of the Pnook, glaring at him as if challenging him to disobey. Her attention was then upon me. Her voice softened as she said. “I’ll be back shortly Minervar, please wait along with our guest.” 
She walked towards the far end of the room and taking one last glance over her shoulder at the Pnook and moving a curtain aside she disappeared from our view.
Almost immediately, certainly before I could stop him, the Pnook ran for the door we had just entered the house through and grabbing the door handle yanked upon it, but he yelped in shock, and cradling his forearm walked backwards away from the door. He sat down heavily on the floor and rubbing his arm started to mutter to himself. I walked over to him and gently took his arm, he drew it back a disdainful look upon his face. I was fed up with this attitude, all I wanted to do was to help. So I grabbed his arm and even though he tried he could not break my grasp. I rolled back his sleeve. His thin little forearm was red as if the skin had been mildly burnt by the sun, I drew instinctively on the arcane powers and whispered a soothing incantation as I ran my hand gently across his wound, I also took the opportunity to heal the cuts and bruises upon his knuckles that he had suffered at the hands of the mob.
He looked up at me, with a half-smile. “Thank you.” Then with an idle toss of his head towards the curtain that Serinae went through he said, “well there is obviously no getting out of here without that ring on her hand.” 
I smiled. “You’ll learn, if Serinae says something, mark my words, she means it!”
He looked at me and said, “so do you also suspect us Pnook as having something to do with these attacks the people spoke of, eh?” 
I looked at him long and hard and finally said, “no, Serinae didn’t suspect you, so neither do I. If she knew you had, you would not be here, you would still be in the hands of that mob.” 
He looked away sadness in his eyes. “No. Such work is not of our doing; it is beyond the skills that the Pnook possess. The marrying of flesh and machine is not something that we would even like to try - I hope.” 
I asked him his name; he replied that it was Tnie. I asked him what he was doing in Amentura, he looked at me and frowned, he told me to mind my own business.
Just when I thought I was getting him to trust me! I shrugged and said, “ok but there’s no reason to be rude, at the moment I suspect you need all the friends you can get.”
He mumbled something that I couldn’t hear, stood and made his way over to one of the many book cases and amused himself running his finger down the edges of some of the books. Occasionally he removed one from the shelf and gazed at the front cover. I contented myself with sitting down upon a sumptuous couch of thick well-worn leather and gazed around the room we were in.
Eventually Serinae reappeared from behind the curtain. By her side, an arm linked through Serinae’s for support; there appeared a T’Iea’Denarin, a high elven female who looked ancient in her appearance. A strange thing, for like all the elder races, T’Iea kind do not to age and eventually die as humans do. T’Iea gain a certain number of years and then the ageing process progressively slows and we stay looking that way for much of the remainder of our lives, or until misfortune or other means takes us to the Maker. Not many T’Iea die of old age but live on for many lifespans of man, I have heard that some of my people have lived for many thousands of years although I have not knowingly met anyone of such a great age. Because of war most I know are no older than a few hundred years of man. Some say this longevity is a curse and indeed I can imagine it being so, especially where mixed race marriages occur between men and T’Iea kind, for always the T’Iea partner easily outlives their spouse and the children normally take on the longevity of the T‘Iea parent.
But this T’Iea’Denarin looked old beyond her years, she was wrinkled and her skin was pulled taught across her bones, but she still retained the elegance of her people. She wore a fine gown of dark blue silk that played with the light reflecting off it. On her head was a lace cap of the finest workmanship held in place by a gold clasp with a large, perfectly spherical sapphire set into its end, I had no doubt about the authenticity of the stone. Her hair, white as snow was neatly brushed and tied. It framed her face beautifully. Her finger nails however, were discoloured and cracked, the skin on her hands was also discoloured as if she had spent a long time dyeing cloth, or had been a printer or a painter for many years. She obviously had some difficulty in moving around, for she relied heavily upon a thick staff of light coloured wood upon which was set many fine gem stones, ornate metal rings and clasps. Each step looked although it cost her some pain to take. I wondered what had transpired, such that she had the misfortune to befall such ill.
Serinae guided the old T’Iea to a seat and when she had safely lowered her into a chair she carefully bent down and placed the old T’Iea’s feet upon a low foot stool. Then turning to me she said, “Minervar I’d like you to meet my friend, the lady Solin’De’Teinde.” 
I stood and looked into the ancient T’Iea’s face and her eyes, which had lifted to meet mine. I hadn’t noticed the piercing blue within blue with no discernible pupil until now they were on me and staring into those eyes I stood bowing my head in respect, for the title ‘De’ is an immediate mark of the person’s high position within T’Iea’Denarin society, an indicator that the barer of the name is honoured and elevated above many others. I couldn’t help wonder at whatever reason, or reasons, the ruling T’Iea elders had seen fit to bestow such an honour upon this woman and her family, for such a title is hereditary. As for the deep blue pupil-less eyes I knew were a sign of many years’ prolonged involvement and use of arcane powers. I knew this from stories my father told me, he said after many years and depending upon the regularity of my use of the arcane my eyes may well go the same way, but the lady Solin was the first person I had actually seen that was marked in this manner. 
Solin spoke, her voice was melodious and clear, a hint of authority resided within its tone. “I am very pleased to meet you Minervar, and I thank you for your honouring me with your respect, it is a long time since anyone has afforded me such a kindness. Please my dear, do be seated.” 
I averted my eyes for Solin’s seemed to be boring into me, I could still feel them on me as I sat down. 
“Serinae, please get Minervar and our guest some refreshments.” 
I made to refuse but before I could utter a word Serinae was standing and making her way to the curtain from behind which they had both appeared moments earlier. I was shocked by the quickness with which Serinae jumped up to obey the request from Solin. 
Solin still stared at me she said. “Serinae is such a dear.”
I was stunned by this remark; I for one couldn’t imagine Serinae being ‘such a dear’ for one moment! We remained silent for what seemed like hours, Solin’s gaze still fixed upon me, and I started to squirm under that unflinching stare.
But Solin eventually broke the silence. “I have heard much about you Minervar Tuenawii.”
I wondered at her use of my inherited-born name for this is unusual amongst the T’Iea, I took it to mean that she wished to punctuate our meeting by returning a small mark of respect upon me.
“You have made quite an impression on Serinae and that is not common in my experience. But, I am being rude; let me tell you a little about myself, make you feel more at home.”
My curiosity was aroused.
“I have seen much Minervar, my years have been many, oh I know I look young but don’t let that fool you.” 
Solin giggled to herself quietly, she had obviously made a little joke, such a melodious sound reminding me of my younger days at home with my parents, my mother had such a laugh. I found the sound put me at ease with the thought that this T’Iea’Denarin, as old as she appeared, still seemed to possess the laughter and high spirits of our people.
“I have a long memory Minervar and my mind feels like it has filled up with knowledge, so now I find I have to write things down to remember them,” she glanced at the books on the shelves around the room. 
I asked, “you wrote all these?” 
In reply she chuckled and said, “yes, well, some I wrote as author, the rest are authored by others and some I have translated from our own ancient texts and other languages into the  common language, so all may benefit from the knowledge they have to offer.” 
I wondered at just how many years this woman had been living. I knew of the intellectual capacity that T’Iea’Denarin have, but nothing forewarned me that they had such a capability as this. 
“Your face betrays your wonder Minervar, again that is such a kindness, you flatter me, but please don’t think I am showing off when I say that this is not the only library I have amassed in my many years of lifetime.” 
“You have other places like this?” I asked. 
“Oh yes,” came the answer. “I have libraries elsewhere of varying sizes in quite a few places throughout these lands and ………. beyond.”
It was then that it suddenly occurred to me, her name De'Teinde, yes now I recalled, it was a name that appeared on the covers of some books I had read at various stages in my life, I had not thought much about this name before, being far more interested in the contents of the various volumes. My parents had a small library of books, mostly concerned with their trade, but they also had other books, few in number but one in particular stood out in my memory, a children’s book called ‘Wri’Tel’Defite’E’Noew’, it was a story about a young T’Iea who lived in Ter’Hadsnefel, a rags to riches story that inspired me and many other young people of my generation. A tale of honour and the power of good against the power of evil. A tale meant to shine as a guide to how one should lead their life. I remarked to Solin that I remembered this book as one of my favourites.
“Oh, you remember one of my attempts at fiction, you are so kind Minervar.”
At this moment Serinae returned, four crystal glasses and an ornate crystal and silver flask filled with an amber coloured wine on a silver tray in her hands. She placed the tray in front of us on a small table, and whilst she poured out the wine I noticed the table which was carved intricately with forms of animals and trees most of which I recognised from the mythology of my people. 
Solin called over her shoulder, “Master Pnook, please join us.” Then gesturing towards me said, “please Minervar have your drink.”
The Pnook, Tnie, looked at Solin with some suspicion and stayed where he was, Solin didn’t seem to care so she carried on speaking.
“You may wonder why Serinae has brought you to meet me; I confess I did request this meeting, although due to recent events it has occurred earlier than anticipated. I don’t know what Serinae may have told you of our friendship and ummmm …….. our business arrangements?”
I replied that she had not mentioned anything of that kind other than to say that she said that the two of them were travelling companions.
Solin laughed again and remarked on Serinae being as secretive as ever. Then she thought for a while before saying, “I am troubled Minervar, things are nagging at my mind, things that refuse to be laid aside and ignored. Perhaps Serinae here has already voiced some of these thoughts. The world is changing Minervar. The changes having been subtle at first are now accelerating in severity and in numbers of occurrences. There are signs that an impending doom is coming and I have spent long years trying to work out what that doom could be and how it may be slowed and even halted. Our dear Serinae here will tell you tales of weakened spirits, of the races growing away from faith and the old beliefs. I on the other hand have spent many lifetimes of man studying the arcane and the sciences, so there dear Serinae and I differ.” She turned to Serinae and smiled. “But whatever the root causes the results are the same, it seems that history has turned once more and another age has begun. Ancient forces are once more at work in and around the world Minervar, forces that have not been seen for millennia and forces I had hoped never to see again.” 
I started to ask a question.
Solin held her hand up and I remained silent. “Please let me continue, there will be a time for questions later.” She sighed. “All the elder races grow weak. Serinae has been my eyes and ears in the world for many years and the reports she brings to me show the very fabric of the earth is changing. Something older than ancient has been allowed to awaken once more, something that has again realised its terrible power and purpose, but although its power remains undiminished its purpose has changed. Something is very wrong in the natural order of things Minervar. Sometimes when we grow old we get confused, or our priorities change, I believe this is the case with the ancient force that I am talking about. Once a force with an impartial, if not good intent, that intent has now become perverted, perhaps malevolent and I believe it will destroy us all unless it is stopped.”
I was reminded of the attack on Corbond, how the creatures had appeared as if out of thin air. Then suddenly I was shocked, the body in the alley back down the hill that was very similar to the creatures we fought in Corbond. I cried out and explained my thoughts.
Solin nodded, but instead of passing comment on my observation she continued. “I think the time has come Minervar when all the races must put aside their fears and differences and join in unity to fight a common foe. This foe, it seems, is just awakening, flexing its muscles and finding its strength, perhaps it is experimenting, trying to see how powerful it is, how powerful it may become. I fear that if it is allowed to continue then we will find out it is far more powerful than it has so far experienced and far more deadly than anything the world has seen in a long, long time. We must all of us face this threat for it affects us all. I have long believed that Serinae has been chosen to be part of the fellowship of races to undertake this task and Serinae here probably rightly suspects that you are also one of those chosen.” 
Then turning to the Pnook who has been tinkering with various items around the room trying to disguise the fact that he was really listening intently, she said, “and it may seem that we now have a representative from within the elder race of the Pnook.” 
On hearing this the Pnook scowled at Solin. But he remained quiet, content just to listen.
“I hear that you have already gathered two men and a Grûndén to the cause. Well, all this leaves you with is the need for,” here she gazed into my eyes before saying, “a willing accomplice from the race of the northern giants. She looked long and hard at me as if expecting a reaction.
I was thinking hard, northern giants? Only one race fit that description and I whispered under my breath, “you mean the Ognods?”
Solin nodded and smiled. “Indeed yes. You know that once in ancient times all the elder races lived in complete harmony. It is said we all inhabited a vast city and each race had a role to play for the greater good. Something happened and we found ourselves having to leave the city and come out to live amongst the race of men. That old alliance between the elder races must be re-established, for I strongly believe that each race has a skill that will be required before the end. If one race refuses to act, then I fear that it will mean the demise of all.”
I was not sure what to think of this, the only thing I could think about at this time was me being chosen for a task that sounded so big, so huge in its demands, that it couldn’t possibly be true.
“But forgive me, I am keeping you too long and there are others in your company that are missing. Perhaps we can delay discussing this further until the company is complete once more.” Solin then clapped her hands together in a gleeful way and chuckled her melodious laugh.
But she soon continued. “I wish to hold a small party. Firstly, because I think it will provide a relaxed social event in which to get to know each other better.” She lowered her eyes, obviously deep in thought.”
After a minute or two I couldn’t suffer the suspense any longer so I asked. “And the second reason? You said firstly and I thought you might have other reasons?”
She looked up at me her eyes smiling along with the rest of her face. “Well Minervar, I just love a party, don’t you?” 
I couldn’t help nodding and giggling along with the infectious laughter of this old T’Iea whom I was beginning to admire greatly even though we had just met but a few moments before. But some of my laughter was born out of nervousness, discomfort at being suddenly accelerated into something that I had no comprehension of. My hope for adventure seemed to be overtaking me and so rapidly I didn’t have any time to get used to it. I found some solace in that any further discussion would also involve Jondris and the others, I would not have to think about this alone.
 

Chapter 8 In the House of De’Teinde

Extract from ‘Journeys in my own Company’ an Auto-Biography by Solin De’Teinde.
I have spent my long years in academic research, I have explored much and written many books, papers and other documents all of which, I must say, I am quite proud. This after all is what I excel at. I have this skill, or perhaps it is a curse, for I sometimes think of it as such. For I have been forced to give up much to achieve my ambitions.
Both my father and my mother were academics, they lived in a city called Ter’Hadsnefel a place of great learning, of art and all manner of higher enlightenments. At its height the city of the T’Iea was majestic, it was one of, and quite probably the foremost centre of study and artistry throughout the first age and it remained so for many thousands of years.
However, the city is now in the second age for the first ended with the sacking of the city by the Ognods. The unstoppable hordes from the north rampaged across the lands, in that time destroying everything in their path. It was a time of great grief, of disbelief, of despair. The once great city was almost destroyed and many were slain defending it. But the T’Iea survived, for the Ognods suddenly and without accountable reason retreated and have not been seen since. They still live in the northern parts of the world, a shadow of what they once were for like the rest of the elder races, something has decimated them to and they no longer venture forth from their lands.
Ter’Hadsnefel was rebuilt in time, well partially anyway, never again to its former glory but never the less it became once more a seat of great learning. But the world had been changed forever and it was this that set me upon my life’s path. I saw a purpose, I would travel and explore to find out and make note of what had happened since the Ognod wars, for the elder races were now scattered and far reduced in number and did not mix in friendship as they once had.
~

Solin had offered us rooms in her house. She promised a room for each of us and the invitation to stay as long as we wished. She had rung a small hand bell by her side in the design of a little T’Iea woman wearing a long, wide bell shaped frock; I blinked as she put the little bell back onto the table for I was sure the little figure gathered up her skirts with her slender lace-gloved hands and curtsied to me before remaining still. Whilst I was staring at the little bell in disbelief a house servant appeared and stood in readiness to one side of the room.
Solin was scribbling something onto a sheet of parchment. When she was finished she folded the paper, placed her thumb upon the fold and holding it there closed her eyes and concentrated. There was a faint glow between her thumb and the parchment. On removing her thumb, I noticed a blue seal, the same blue as her eyes, had appeared across the fold, the seal had upon it the imprint of a wolf’s head a gemstone held between its teeth, the same emblem I had noticed on the ring that Serinae wore and upon the door knocker.
Without looking up from the table Solin said, “Ah Jonas. Please kindly show our guests here to their rooms, then if you would be so kind, please send a footman to the Inn, the name of which the Lady Serinae can furnish you with. There you will find three companions to the Lady Serinae, please ask the footman to give them this letter, the names of each are written upon the outside, if they agree to the invitation, and I hope they will, please then have the footman escort them here at their leisure.” 
Jonas bowed and taking the letter and secreting it somewhere within his jacket, led us upstairs and down a number of hallways to our rooms.
The house was large, larger than it looked from the outside. Every hallway and each room that we could peer into looked lavishly furnished and decorated. Each work of art, each painting and statue, each clock, each table and chair, all of it looked priceless and expensive, here was a well-to-do lady, I couldn’t begin to comprehend the richness of her lifestyle. I had never seen anything like it and would probably never see anything like it again. My mind ran riot and my imagination began to surmise that I had been given a private viewing into the manner in which the T’Iea’Denarin had lived in ancient times, perhaps this is what the houses looked like within the T’Iea’Denarin cities of old, perhaps in the great city of Ter’Hadsnefel itself. Perhaps this was a life style that may no longer exist except perhaps for little glimpses like this. 
It felt good to be in Solin’s house. Apart from being very culturally T’Iea in its look and feel it was a well-protected sanctuary from the world outside, I felt that it was protected not just by locks and keys in stout wooden doors and thick brickwork, but by something else, something much stronger protected this place and I wondered why that should be. But I took the opportunity to take a few hours’ relaxation in my room before we all met again at supper that evening. I began by exploring the room I was in. Like all the rooms I had seen so far it was lavishly decorated with fine furnishings and ornaments, every item I supposed must be of great value, both in monetary terms and of course in historic, for everything reflected the T’Iea culture of old. There were many pictures hanging on the walls, some were painted, some engraved and others that seemed curiously to take up a three dimensional space, for as I moved around the room, no matter what angle I viewed these pictures from it always appeared that I faced them front on and could see the whole picture as it was without distortion. This was fine with those pictures that depicted a landscape or a still life, but a few were portraits and I found it a little disconcerting that those T’Iea faces seemed to follow me around the room wherever I went. I wondered often whilst in Solin’s house about the art and the artists that had the skill to create such paintings.
But there was one picture in particular that drew my attention; it hung over the fireplace. Compared with some of the lavish works of art that hung around it, this picture was nothing special, the frame was plain unworked wood, cracked with age, the corners knocked about as if the picture had travelled far with little protection and it was quite small compared to the other pictures that surrounded it. But it was most interesting, quite captivating in fact, for as I looked at it I realised that this picture was a piece of a jigsaw that made up a life story. 
The picture depicted a very large room, in fact a large elegant hall with a vaulted and painted ceiling. The roof itself was supported by a large number of huge carved oak beams from which hung many tapestries of exceptional workmanship. Complex scenes of T’Iea city life where depicted within these works of art. Many ornately carved pillars made from marble lined each side of the space. At the far end of the hall, in the distance it seemed, could be seen an enormous stained glass window in which was depicted a tall T’Iea man in long flowing robes, he looked up at his raised hands. I couldn’t actually see his hands for they were obscured by bright rays of light, natural light that shone through the window, but cleverly worked into the picture itself, for it looked like the light was emitted from an orb that he was obviously holding aloft. A single focussed beam of light then shone down into the hall, but I could not see what it illuminated. I had no idea what this meant or what the history behind this character was. This single beam of light led my eyes down to a part of the picture that interested me most. For this ray of light disappeared behind many people arranged in lines, the tallest to the outside of the line, the shorter as the line moved to the centre. They had obviously been arranged in this manner specifically for this painting. There were three rows of males at the back, all T’Iea’Denarin by the look of them, all very finely dressed. They all wore a similar medal at their breast, but I could not make out the motif upon the metalwork for they were too small. But in front of these males sat two rows of females, again all T’Iea’Denarin. These ladies were dressed in fine gowns and the way their hair was set and the finery in jewels and other adornments suggested that this was a special occasion. Each had a deep blue silken sash across their shoulders, again the same blue as Solin’s eyes. But then when I looked closely, each ladies sash was adorned with a larger broach, and upon each was the Wolf’s head and gemstone motif that seemed to be a regular occurrence within Solin’s House. I looked once more at the faces of the ladies sitting in the picture, scrutinising each one in turn until one in particular caught my attention. I gasped, as third in from the left, and upon the second row up sat a figure whose face, although looking very much younger than it did now, clearly belonged to Solin. She looked beautiful, her youthful features shone forth at me out of the picture. Her hair, still white as snow even then, was gathered upon her head, an ornate tiara was set in amongst her locks. Apart from this obvious age difference there was something different about her, it took me a few minutes of looking at her face when I realised that her eyes were not the blue in blue that I had become accustomed to, but where white as any person, her irises a brown hazel colour.
My attention moved to the foreground where sat a low table. Upon the table were various items that I did not recognise except an ornate long feather quill pen, a bottle of blue ink capped with a silver hinged lid and a book with a blank cover. Then one item, a very ceremonial looking mace finished in gold leaf cast in the same wolf’s head devouring the same gemstone. Below this someone had signed onto the painting itself the words:
‘T’Iredriie’Olle’Et’Roesee’7076’For’Noste’A’ - De’Et’Niale’Ternaven’. 
I translated in my head into the common tongue:
‘Graduation Ceremony ‘Et’Roesse 7076 ‘Grade A’, De’Et’Niale’Ternaven’.
There is no direct translation of the words Et’Roesse into the common tongue; it is a reference to the relationship of the people depicted with the order to which they belonged. The words incorporate many demands, to carry on this relationship for the rest of their lives, prioritising it above all else. It is a total commitment that when taken could not be overthrown by anything.
I had heard of the ancient order of De’Et’Niale’Ternaven, the closest translation to the common tongue being ‘To live is to learn’ they were a revered order of academics believed to have been originally active in Ter’Hadsnefel and other Elven cities in ancient ages past, certainly well before the Ognod wars. I gazed at the fine figures in the painting for a long time, for this was a moment in my races history depicted here. I felt a feeling of great pride welling up inside of me.
Not for the first time I had so many unanswered questions. I could not get the thoughts of the past days out of my head. A few short weeks ago I was just a fresh student learning my chosen profession, by far the most exciting thing to have ever happened to me was that evening in Corbond when I first came across Serinae. Yet now I felt very different, so much had happened over the intervening weeks starting with the following day after that same evening. I thought of the people I had met, the things I had seen and done, the places I had been. Well not many really but compared to my past life it felt like I’d been on some kind of extended trip. I also analysed my emotional self, I certainly felt less secure and more anxious, a little apprehensive perhaps. But at the same time I felt alive, my nerves set a-tingling. My thinking had changed, less accepting and more demanding. I was undoubtedly excited at the prospect of adventure.
I must have fallen asleep because I could not remember where my thoughts had finally taken me. I was startled awake by a knock at the door. I rose from the couch on which I had been lying and sleepily opened the door to my room. Rubbing my eyes I eventually found Jondris stood outside. I looked him up and down, I had to rub my eyes again and I think my jaw dropped in shock, for there stood before me a Jondris that I had never seen before. He had changed from his normal attire into smart fitted leggings of a dark blue hue. They were delicately embroidered in the fashion of my T’Iea people. On his upper body he now wore a white lace shirt over which he had on a dark blue jerkin matching the leggings. I noticed that the material was very rich in look and wondered where he had got such richly flamboyant clothing.
He smiled noticing my quizzical look. “Well? Do I look the part?” He turned around so that I could get the full effect of this smartly dressed man.
All I could do was stutter, “ummm Jon, well, ummm yes, gosh yes you do.”
At this he crooked his arm by his side and bowing held out his arm for me to take. I took his arm without thinking but then it occurred to me that I looked a complete mess compared to him and did not feel ready to face the others downstairs for dinner. 
Realisation dawned as he looked me up and down. “Oh,” his only response. 
A sly smile formed upon his lips, he led me back into my room and after moving a chair into the centre of the room he bid me sit. He held up one finger as if to say ‘wait just there’ and walked to the opposite side of the room to where a row of tall wardrobes resided. Here he turned to me and smiled and with a theatrical flourish at each door, made to open the wardrobes which I now faced. As he opened each one in turn, he bowed keeping one leg extended in front of him and gestured to the contents with both his hands as if to seek my approval. I was highly amused by his comedy show but also astonished at this uncharacteristic display of frivolity. I became even more astonished to view many fine clothes held within each wardrobe, attire for both male and female. In fact I was stunned into silence.
I looked at Jondris and he said, “would my lady like to choose, or shall I choose for her?” 
I rose slowly looking into each wardrobe in turn. I walked to where he was standing trying to take in each style, each colour. My fingers lingered on each of the fine gowns within. At last my mind started to get into the right frame, helped by a rather fetching long green gown in patterned velvet with lace cuffs and neck line. I removed this dress and looked at it longingly. I moved across and holding it in front of me stared into a full length mirror. I swished my hips and legs around, the gowns skirt swished with me in a very pleasing way. I smiled and excited laid the gown upon the bed, then I turned to Jondris and laughing pushed him towards the door, “out, Out, OUT!”
He started to splutter something about dressing finely for supper, he found himself back in the hallway. I went to shut the door, but then opened it again and grabbing his arm gave him a gentle kiss on the cheek, and said, “don’t worry I can manage this on my own.”
Laughing I shut the door on him and ran back to retrieve the beautiful gown from the bed. I held it against me once more and admired its look and feel again in front of the full length mirror.
Shortly another knock on the door had me shouting, “Jondris, leave me alone I have work to do!” I bit my bottom lip and sighed as I thought just how much work. 
There was silence for a couple of seconds then another knock. So I sighed and went over to the door meaning to open it and rebuke the poor man to leave me alone as I had many things to do.
I opened the door sharply expecting to tell Jondris not to waste my time, there was precious little of it and I had a long job ahead of me. But the frown was wiped from my face, for there stood one of Solin’s maid servants, “oh, errr I’m sorry I thought ….”
She said questioningly, “my lady?” She curtsied low even though she held a tray in front of her that contained odd shapes beneath a silken cloth. I looked beyond her as she bent and there was the old fellow, the same one that had let us in at the front gate earlier, he still looked to be better suited to the stables than the house, but it was what he was carrying that made me gasp in delight. He had a large tin bathtub in his arms and I stood back to allow him into the room to place it on the floor. I enjoyed sitting on the bed watching pitcher after pitcher of hot steaming water being poured into the bath under the watchful gaze of the maid servant who also fussed around with the gown and other garments and bottles and tubs of various lotions and potions that she had carried into my room upon her tray. I had never seen the like of any of these before. She produced, from a draw within one of the wardrobes, several hair clips and combs all beautifully made in various materials and adorned with precious and semi-precious stones of matching colours. From another drawer she magically removed a pair of elegant shoes that matched the dress I had chosen perfectly.
I stood to one side aghast at the activities these two were undertaking as they went back and forth one filling the tub the other laying out all manner of things on various tables and other strategically placed surfaces, it was a wonder to watch. Once the bathtub was sufficiently full the maid servant ushered the man out of my room and shutting the door behind him she turned and curtsied, then clasping her hands in front of her she said, “if it pleases my lady, I am here to assist in her preparations for the evening.” 
This was something new to me I had never had help getting ready for anything before and wasn’t sure what I should do, but the maid servant took control. Before long I found myself relaxing in the bath whilst all the clothing I had been wearing for the last, well forever really as I had no others, was bundled inside a muslin sack and placed outside the door of my room. I made to complain about the loss of my things, but before I could say a word the maid said,
“do not worry my lady, they will be carefully cleaned and repaired as good as new ready for when you need them once more.”
So I closed my eyes in utter bliss and slid deeper into the warm water. After I was soaped and washed clean, to my embarrassment the water changed once, my hair unravelled and washed several times before the knots were finally all removed and eventually combed through with scented oil.  I was then given a large bath towel and led across the room to a chair in front of a dressing table. Here I was dried, perfumed and placed into some tight fitting underclothes, the quantity of which surpassed my entire wardrobe of such things! We then spent a very pleasant hour or so getting me looking my best, it was my hair that took the longest time, the maid servant all the while apologising each time she pulled on a knot. I felt I couldn’t say anything for I couldn’t remember the last time I had even shown a brush to my hair.
When all was finished I was led to a mirror across the room. I looked and was left speechless at the person that stared back at me. This was me? I couldn’t believe the transformation. I looked like one of the ladies in the picture; I could have been one of them. 
Next it was time to get me dressed. I forget how many layers of petticoats I was gently eased into and the various odd looking garments I had to ware, many of which seemed to have no practical purpose whatsoever. But eventually I was led across the room back to the tall mirror. I was just as speechless, instead I turned this way and that admiring the way the dress swished from side to side and the way that everything accentuated the shape of my body; this was a whole new experience for me. Of course I had some smart clothes in the past to go to friend’s parties and family occasions but nothing like this, the gown could have been tailored to me personally. It had me wondering about what experience’s I would have had if I had been born into a T’Iea’Denarin family instead of being a child of the T’Iea’Tarderi. The maid servant after straightening the few creases of the skirt and making some other fine adjustments, stood and was standing behind me patiently with her hands clasped in front of her smiling.
I turned and said to her astonished, “thank you for your help and ……… great skill.” 
At this she smiled and giggled and opening the door said, “come my lady let us make an entrance!” 
I bowed to her and leaving the room went to walk down the hallway to the stairs. Before we reached the landing the maid servant called to me quietly and indicated that I should lift the hem of the skirt with both hands so that I did not make a real entrance by tripping head over heels down the stairs, this I did and was glad of the advice, I was not used to wearing a skirt let alone such finery as the gown I now found myself in. 


Chapter 9 Solin’s Story

Extract from ‘Secrets of the Ancients’ by Solin’De’Teinde.
It is possibly the main reason for all my many travels. Just how did the Elder races turn out so differently? We are after all very different, yet we all live on the same world. Just what chances of evolution made these changes? It is something that I think about a lot, perhaps it is key to our understanding of each other.
~

Slowly I lowered one foot after another stepping carefully onto each step, I had to lift the hem of the dress up to my calves so that I could look down at my feet to make sure they were on the steps. I wondered at how small my feet looked in the fine satin shoes, I was used to them being encased within my normal footwear, tough leather boots. As I approached the halfway point I stepped onto a small landing that changed the direction of the stairs. I stopped there for a minute or two before attempting the final flight. I became aware of laughter and merriment emanating from below me and as I turned the corner and approached the final flight of steps I could see my companions in the room below chatting and enjoying each other’s company.
I was astounded to see each so finely dressed. I couldn’t believe that these friends whom I had accompanied through the wilds, could all brush up and look so smart. I stopped at the top step of the second flight and looked at each one.
Łĩnwéé looking superb in green breaches and jerkin, long grey soft skin boots upon his feet, his beard and hair where washed and brushed neatly and wound into numerous plaits. Upon each hand a fine doe skin glove fastened by a single silver clasp in the shape of a double headed axe.
Tnie in a silver outfit buttoned with many fastenings from below the waist to right below his chin, with matching shoes adorned with a large, square silver buckle, a kind of close fitting skull cap upon his head with a short peak extending over his brow.
There sitting quietly in one corner as alert as ever sat Teouso, only he had opted not to get changed into anything finer for he still wore his clothing the same as I had always seen him, but his topknot had been groomed and retied and he looked a lot cleaner than I had ever seen him before.
My attention was then drawn to a figure walking towards the bottom of the stairs obviously intent on meeting me. Jondris with an outstretched hand beckoned me to come forward a smile upon his face. I walked down each stair trying again not to trip and make a complete fool of myself, he stepped up to meet me and I gave him my hand, feeling a little foolish as he led me down the last steps and took my arm under his. He drew his head close to mine and I could smell the sweet aroma of lemons faintly on his face. I noticed for the first time that his beard and moustache had been trimmed and groomed most spectacularly.
To my surprise he took my other hand and lifting it kissed it gently, then whispering in my ear he said, “Mini, you look stunning.”
I couldn’t help but smile and I’m sure I blushed slightly, but before I could make a reply or even think of a suitable response. I noticed Serinae resplendent in a silk gown of olive green decorated with numerous miniature flowers individually made and sown into the fabric of the skirt and bodice, her long hair was brushed to a sheen, it no longer had within it the ties and dried, scented flowers I had associated with her normal hair style but a single jade green hair comb, the same green as her eyes, held it back away from her face. Her hair still tumbled down to the base of her spine, but intertwined within it were tiny jade green beads that flashed and sparkled as it swung back and forth with the movements of her head. Around her waist was a golden cord at one side this fell at her hip and a small intricately worked pouch hung there out of the top of which could quite clearly be seen the mother-of-pearl handle of her small dagger, the one she had thrown in the tavern in Corbond to thwart the would-be thief. This made me smile as I wondered that someone with such serene feminine beauty and grace on one hand, could in a second become so immeasurably dangerous. I thought, not for the first time, how glad I was that she was a friend and not an enemy.
She was talking with some joviality to Solin who also looked years younger and resplendent in a gold frock with lace overlay and tightly fitting arms, she also wore a small half-length jacket sporting a high collar that framed her face. Her hair was gathered beautifully on top of her head a richly bejewelled tiara setting off the whole effect. The tiara I recognised as the one she wore in the painting upstairs and I noted that the hair style she wore this evening was also the same as in the picture that hung in my room.
I was led towards the table which was set out for a banquet. I could not see the surface of the table itself for placed upon it was a fine tapestry with numerous scenes of High T’Iea life stitched into it. This served as a table cloth, laying upon its surface all manner of finely decorated crystal glasses and silverware awaited.
On the way across the room a drink was offered to me by one of Solin's house servants in house livery the ever present wolfs head and jewel motif upon his breast and even etched into the glass I was offered. I gladly took a sip of the sweet sparkling wine, the aroma of which reminded me again of home, where the woods and the air would be fragrant with spring blossom.
Jondris held my arm and escorted me across to where Solin and Serinae stood. They both looked my way and Serinae smiled.
Solin stepped forward and clasping both my hands in hers said, “welcome my child, you grace us with your beauty.”
I blushed at this comment for nothing like this had ever been said to me before by another of my kind. I found myself looking at my feet.
Solin clasped my chin gently between her thumb and forefinger and lifted my gaze to meet her eyes. “This is a happy occasion Minervar, I am delighted that so many fare guests are present once again under my roof, it has been a very long time since I had such a party.” She then leaned close to my ear and whispered, “and I intend to enjoy myself.” At this she winked at me and I could not help but smile at her mischievous grin. Truly Solin was one of my race.
As I was the last downstairs and the last to enter the room the fellowship was now complete. Responding to a slight nod from Solin, Jonas who had been standing in the corner of the room produced a gavel in one hand and a brass bell in the other. He hit the bell three times giving off a melodious chime causing all the company to look in his direction as he said, “my ladies and gentleman, exalted guests, pray please make your way to table.” 
At this the general hubbub of noise in the room increased as chairs were slid across the wooden floor and people stood excitedly and made their way to the resplendent table set for our meal. As I approached my place a servant again in house livery stood forward and withdrew my chair from under the table, smiling and bidding me to sit. I gathered up the masses of material swishing around my legs and sat down as he pushed the chair back under the table with much grace. A similar act was happening to each guest around the table and I wondered at the number of staff that Solin had, or perhaps had drafted in for this evening. I was suddenly aware of just what a fantastic treat this whole evening was going to be after all the years of studentship and the recent events that had overtaken us. 
The meal, the company and the entertainment was exquisite. Łĩnwéé was in his element. His jokes were as raucous as ever and I noticed on numerous occasions the attending staff smiling behind their hands at some of his comments. On one occasion he even winked at one of the maid servants who blushed brightly much to Łĩnwéé’s joy. At one time Łĩnwéé chatted in a more serious way to Tnie who appeared for the first time to respond with unguarded interest.
Serinae spent a good part of the time chatting to Jondris and that pleased me no end that they should have the chance to get to know one another better.
To my great surprise Solin spent a deal of time communicating with Teouso using various hand signals which he seemed to pick up with no problem. I found myself just enjoying the moment, all my friends both old and new seemed to be having a relaxed time, enjoying the company and the fare of the table. That was enough enjoyment for me.
I did get a chance to talk to Solin and I remarked on how beautiful her house was and so full of such marvellous and wondrous things. She thanked me and just said that when you have lived as long as she, and travelled as extensively, you could not help but gather mementos and other trinkets. I asked her about the elven furniture and ornaments, about the pictures in my room that seemed to move to face you wherever you stood. She looked a little sad and thoughtful and just said that they were from a bygone time lost to history, sadly she remarked “from an age that is unlikely to be repeated.” She then brightened and said, “but no matter, the future is the key not the past, you cannot live in the past, only learn from it.”
I remarked on how you could not live in the future either. She looked deep into my eyes a slight smile on her face and said, “no Minervar my dear, no you cannot, but you can plan for it. The past cannot be changed, although if we ignore it we court many dangers, take heed for it can teach us much. The present, the now, we must be resigned to. But the future my dear, the future, this can be altered with the proper care and attention.” She smiled and winked her eye at me, “that is an encouraging thought, is it not?”
At this she gave me a broad grin and squeezed my hand before she turned and beckoned to Jonas who again stood and striking his little bell as he had before announced our lady host by saying, “my ladies and gentlemen, exalted guests. Please pray silence for your host this evening. I present the most gracious, Lady Solin’De’Teinde.” 
At this Solin stood and we all clapped enthusiastically. She glanced around the table at each of us her gaze alighting on each of our faces in turn and smiling she said, “my dear friends, we have not known each other long, but I feel that we have all brought our own to this table tonight, it is with immense pleasure that I speak before you now.”
Another round of clapping, 
“You all honour me with your presence. In ancient times of old our peoples, the elder races, would meet in friendship and mutual trust to share with each other all that we had to offer, which was much. My heart gladdens to see such a meeting again and I hope that such times will return to the world.”
Again, a round of enthusiastic clapping. Solin seemed to take strength from this, her shoulders and back straightened, her eyes seemed to shine out deep blue and years seemed to fall away from her.
I was reminded yet again of the figure in the picture upstairs in my room.
Solin took a deep breath and continued. “I have so enjoyed the opportunity to talk with each of you; I have been reminded, once more, of the rich tapestry of culture that exists within our world.” Here she retrieved her glass of wine from the table and held it in front of her. She once again looked at each person sitting there at that table in her house and said, “a toast. I drink to each race, to each culture, may we continue to flourish, continue to share, express our own individual virtues in peaceful conduct.”
At this we all took a sip of wine, all except Łĩnwéé who downed the contents of his in one mouthful and turning presented his empty glass to the maid servant behind him with a bottle in her hands. Solin laughed her infectious laugh and we all of us joined her, a crescendo of mirth for Łĩnwéé turned back only to see us all looking at him and laughing at the quizzical expression upon his face.
Solin spoke the amused grin wiped from her face. “But, I must say that it is not only for social purposes that I arranged this gathering here tonight, although I have enjoyed this part of the evening immensely. I admit I have another motive for getting us all together.” At this Solin gestured to some of the servants standing behind us around the table and said, “Please my friends replenish you glasses make yourselves comfortable and indulge me in the telling of a story that I wish you all to hear.” 
At this I perceived her glance momentarily at Serinae as the servants passed among us pouring wine into our glasses. I was amused to see Łĩnwéé down the contents of his full glass and once again present his glass to the waitress who smiling again seemed happy to refill it yet again. Once we were all seated and looking expectantly towards our host she began. 
“As I alluded to earlier, there is a reason that you are gathered here, and I wish to show you something that I hope will prove of great interest. What you are about to hear and see I discovered many years ago whilst traveling in the northern wastes.”
She paused, perhaps thinking on some memory from the past, then again looking up she continued. “In my younger days I travelled much. I sought many things; my appetite for discovery knew no bounds. I travelled the length and breadth of Dahl’Ambronis. But this was not enough. My thoughts increasingly turned to a place I had not yet travelled to. Lands where few had travelled in fact. The only people I had ever met that had travelled some of these lands were the Grûndén who told stories, some of which I’m sure where true, but others I suspect were widely exaggerated.”
Here she paused and smiled towards Łĩnwéé who raised his glass and cheered in response. 
“So after many years of traversing this world, my thoughts turned to the one place where I had not yet been. So it was my friends that with the help and diplomatic guidance of the Grûndén. Especially through the efforts of one of their number in particular, I had still with great trial managed to make contact and achieve and audience with the Ognod clans of the north.” 
At this we all collectively gasped and began to talk amongst ourselves, I for one wondered at how she had managed to be welcomed by the Ognods, I only knew them to be barbaric enemies, war mongers who would kill on a whim.
Solin put up her hand bidding us again to silence and when she was ready she continued. “You may think the Ognod clans to be wild and untamed and you would be right for the most part. Many of them do not suffer outsiders into their territories, even other Ognod. But there is one clan that will accept visitors, my Grûndén host was welcomed there, I got the impression that this relationship went back a long way, back to ancient times, even before the Ognods came south in force to invade the southern lands. But with an appointed escort I was able to travel far and wide in those lands. This was not without incident mind you, there were many dangers in doing so and I risked much to be there. But I was searching for antiquities as well as anything else I could learn from the Ognods.
One day in the high mountains of the Iron Hills, as is called the Smòlt Erûûn by the Grûndén, we came across a hanging valley. Something drove me there to that place, something unexplained. We climbed the precarious path to the valley entrance and crossing the threshold could finally look down upon the whole valley as it stretched back into the mountains. I could see there below us stood an ancient temple. My Ognod escort became somewhat agitated and no attempt at persuasion on my part could get them to go any further forward along the path. In fact they tried to persuade me away from walking on down into the valley. I in turn tried to beckon them to follow me but they would not, so I was forced to venture on alone. I walked down into the valley and as I got near to the temple I could perceive that the building was in deed very ancient and had fallen into ruin. I approached closer thinking to explore its interior and find out more about its purpose.
As I neared the place, I could see upon the great steps leading up to the massive doors of the structure, there sat an ancient Ognodess clad in ragged animal hide, she appeared to be quite alone. I could see she was very old, her hair long and thinning and as white as the snow around her, she glanced at me with dead eyes, for I could clearly see that she was blind, for each eye socket was empty and deeply scarred as if her eyes had been put out violently. But I felt her mind reach out to me and she beckoned me come forth. I did so cautiously. Once I stood before her she stood shakily and leaning heavily upon a thick oaken staff, she beckoned to me and led me into the interior of the temple. She was muttering some incantation continuously under her breath, over and over again she said the words, not once did she falter in her utterances, not even to take a breath it seemed. Even though I had a rudimentary understanding of the Ognod language, I could not understand what she said so put her utterances down to the ravings of a confused mind.
The inside of the temple was empty apart from a rickety wooden table, chair and a cot in one corner, a fire fuelled by some dried animal dung by the smell of it gave some warmth and a dim glow. I could see that a large amount of rubble and debris lay around on the floor, in places even snow had been blown in or fallen through some unseen cracks or holes in the ceiling perhaps. It looked although the temple had been ransacked as nothing of any recognition could be seen within. All the pedestals were empty and alcoves set along the wall at regular intervals held nothing. The floor was littered with the remains of pots and various statues, all it seemed had been pulled down and smashed. The ancient Ognodess moved to a section of wall behind the altar or where the altar would have once been placed and waited for me to approach. As I neared her she suddenly grabbed my right hand with a speed that belied her age, I let out a scream and tried to struggle but I was held in an iron grip that was quite obviously not going to be relaxed. These additional exertions didn’t have the slightest effect on the tone or volume of the incantations; she continued to murmur under her breath. So I gave up struggling and the old Ognodess dragged me forward to the wall. She continued to rant her strange chant as before but now slightly louder and in more earnest. She ran her other hand shakily over the wall in front of her, each finger crawling like spidery legs across the surface of the wall as if trying to locate something, she was dislodging years of dust and debris, eventually revealing upon the wall an etched rune, a rune I recognised as one of fire. I was looking at this when the Ognodess again dragged me forward and lifting my arm placed the palm of my hand against the rune on the wall.” 
At this Solin slowly lifted one of her hands palm outwards and we could all see a rune etched into the palm of her hand as if burnt there like a farmer would burn his mark into the hair on the hide of his animals.
She continued, “I felt a burning pain in my hand immediately it touched the wall,” Solin grasped the wrist of the hand into which the rune was etched as if remembering the pain, but continued, saying, “I wrenched my arm free of the Ognodess’s grasp, well I think she actually released me at that point and I fell to my knees for the pain in my hand was agony. But suddenly I could hear a deep rumbling noise through the pain and turning could see a section of floor close by dropping down and separating to form a staircase, dust and debris fell from the ceiling above and the floor vibrated like a minor earth quake. The Ognodess quiet now, her chanting forgotten, once more grasped my wrist and dragged me forward and beckoned me go down the stairs. I refused, but she slapped me around the face and pushing me to the first step threatened to cast me down. So I walked forward onto the topmost step. As I descended all sorts of horrors sprang to mind but fortunately none came to reality. I proceeded cautiously down the steps, my breath came painfully for the air within the chamber was as icy cold as death, every drop of moisture had frozen on the rock and on the steps on which I trod making them slippery, but I pressed onward.
My breath fell to the floor in minute ice crystals; it made a sound like the faint tinkling of many tiny bells. Eventually I reached the bottom and looking around in the gloom found set into the wall many alcoves in which lay the large skeletons of deceased Ognods, some still with skin stretched across or sometimes hanging from the blackened bones. I moved along looking in revulsion at the grizzly sight when I came across an alcove, in which stood something cylindrical in shape wrapped in a piece of goat skin. This underground chamber must have been sealed and air tight for millennia for no dust had settled down here and of course any damp had frozen solid so everything was preserved perfectly. I looked closer at the cylinder shape, the pain in my hand forgotten and the chill on my skin but a memory. For this was exactly the sort of thing I was looking for, the whole reason for my travelling here and I began to bless my good fortune. I approached the cylindrical item and noticed runes were also stitched into the leather of the skin, I winced as I reached for the item, but no pain revealed itself as I picked it up. I looked back up the stairs to the distant square hole through which I had entered where the old Ognodess still silent was smiling a toothless grin and excitedly beckoning me return. I proceeded to climb back up the staircase keeping a cautious eye on the old Ognodess. But as I approached her I felt a pang of sympathy towards her for I could see behind her toothless smile that her tongue had been cut out of her mouth or perhaps she had never possessed one. No wonder I could not understand her chanted words earlier. 
I dreaded that climb back up the stairs, I feared the old Ognodess wanted me to fetch whatever it was I held and may kill me once she had it, but as I stood on the top step ready to run she turned away from me and walking across to the wooden cot she lay down and gave a great breathing sigh almost of relief it sounded to me. As I turned my attention to the object in my hand I slowly began to unravel the old skins that surrounded it, but my attention was caught by something dropping from the old Ognodess’s robes and landing upon the floor, after walking across to her, I bent to pick up whatever it was that had dropped. I noticed it was a picture in an old wooden frame, I looked more closely and could see quite clearly in the picture was depicted a city. This was not a city that I recognised, it was surrounded by greenery of thick lush trees and shrubs, the city did not appear large but in its centre stood a large four sided building, much bigger, but not unlike the temple within which I now stood. I thought for a moment that maybe it was a picture of the same temple, but no, it could not be, for it was definitely larger and depicted in a place where the climate was very different to where this temple stood. I began to muse that perhaps it was this temple but in an age past when the climate was perhaps much warmer than now.
I offered the picture to the Ognodess who didn’t move or acknowledge me so I put my hand upon her shoulder and as I touched her robes they fell away revealing just dusty bones some of which powdered at the movement of the robe and then the whole thing crashed to the floor and lay still. I jumped back in shock and put my hand over my mouth to stop my screaming.
After gathering myself, I put the picture hastily in my bag and wanting to get out of that place did not continue to unravel the cylindrical item I had recovered but instead placed it also in my pack and left the temple.
I turned and made to leave by the same way I had entered. My attention was taken by an illuminated carving above the doors which I had not noticed on entering. There was depicted a city, I could see the fields surrounding the place, the high stockade walls and the buildings within. There sitting high on top of the hill in the centre stood a large building. Above this city lay a massive picture of something unknown, it dwarfed the city beneath. I could see it had many suns or star’s perhaps depicted shining forth from above, casting light over everything below. Between the city and this large floating object was a circular disk inside of which abstract silvery shapes could be seen. At the bottom of the carving a number of other smaller pictures were painted. These depicted a golden tree, a double headed war axe and a strange square object I did not recognise. Another showed a pyramid like structure and then one I did recognise, there were of the two twins of which the Ognods speak, Grouund and Gruoond they are called and here they sat in the typical pose depicted in many places throughout the Ognod lands, they were seated facing each other their knees drawn up under their chins and their clawed fingers resting atop their knees. The last picture showed a strange representation. There was a six pointed star and in the centre of this star was a face, it looked upwards as if it gazed at the heavens, the hands either side framing this face with palms upwards.  All of these separate little artworks were joined by a line stitched in golden thread; it looked like some kind of roadway, for figures of beings were depicted walking along these interconnecting roads.
Eventually I left the temple. As I walked through the doorway the sun on the snow blinded me and I put my hand over my eyes. Through my squinting eyelids I could perceive away distant a group of Ognod warriors were approaching from down the path I had come earlier. Initially I thought this may be my escort who finding the courage to follow me at last had wandered down into the valley. I waved to them and shouted, they looked in my direction and gave out a great war cry, and came towards me running. I then noticed that these Ognods were dressed differently from my escort, for one thing the clothing in which they were adorned was much thicker than my escort wore suggesting that they were resident perhaps here in the snowy mountains for they also wore thick fur lined helmets upon their heads with heavy leather ear protectors.
To my dismay I realised my mistake and now frightened for my life I tried to hide back inside the temple but they had already closed the gap between us and again let out a great cry of anger and continued to run towards me. Each held their weapons, I was shocked for each blade was soaked in blood. They came bounding across the snow at a fast pace. I ran for my life and could hear the great pounding of their boots compressing the snow, following ever closer behind. I daren’t turn for I would not risk a fall in the snow so that they would catch up to me, instead I looked around for a means to escape, but could see none for I now stood at the narrow end of the hanging valley, sheer rock surrounded me on three sides except for the fourth direction towards the valley entrance where the Ognods approached, I was trapped. I was in great fear for my life, I turned in fear and closed my eyes I hoped for a swift death.
Suddenly a cry was stifled and I heard grunts and a scream of pain from behind me and turning to see what had happened I perceived that each of the Ognods lay still upon the ground. From each an arrow protruded from their bodies, blood spattered the snow around them. One had been hit at the base of the skull and the arrow was protruding through his open mouth, bizarrely his tongue was severed and hung limply from the arrow head. My heart fell thinking that I had now gone from one danger to another. However, a small hooded figure came into view holding a long bow in which waited another notched arrow.  To my great relief I noticed that the bow was unmistakably of T’Iea design. But that did not mean the figure was friendly so I stood still holding my breath. 
The figure proceeded to check that each of the Ognod corpses was in fact dead. The figure placed a booted foot on the back of each Ognod in turn and pulled the arrow clear of the body. But instead of replacing the arrow into a quiver the figure just discarded it upon the ground beside the dead Ognod from which it was removed. I wondered at this and stood transfixed having backed up to the wall of the valley where the cliffs rose vertically going up forever it seemed and I could go no further. I was anxiously wondering what was going to happen next, clearly the figure was no ally of the Ognods and my heart relaxed its frenzied beating in some relief. 
But to my great relief the figure held up one hand palm towards me and said in a female voice speaking in perfect T’Iea, “do not fear my lady I mean thee no harm. She then pulled the hood back from her head and I let out a long breath as I perceived the beauty of one of my own kind looking at me. I think my knees collapsed from under me as I found myself kneeling in the snow.  That my friends, is how I first met Serinae all those years ago.” 
Serinae had by this time stood and made her way around behind Solin's chair and was standing behind her, a hand gently resting upon Solin’s shoulder.
Solin reached up and grasped Serinae’s fingers and she smiled as she asked, “how long ago Serinae?” There was a moment of silence before Serinae eventually answered, “Five hundred years of man almost to the day my lady.” 
Solin sighed and turned to look into Serinae’s eyes and each of them smiled at the other a knowing smile of old friendship, deep respect and mutual affection. Solin turned back to the table.
She thought for a moment then continuing said, “It took us many months but we finally found ourselves arriving here in Amentura. I have had this house ever since. I have never found out what the connection is between the picture and the item I recovered from the Ognod temple. At this she beckoned to Jonas who left the room only to return some minutes later with a plain looking oak box set with a single lock, the box he placed upon the table in front of Solin. She reached out and muttered some words under her breath. I heard a faint metallic click and the lid of the box sprung open. After lifting the lid fully, she reached inside the box and withdrew two items, the first a cylindrical shape wrapped in cloth, the second a picture in an old wooden frame.
Gesturing to Jonas who then removed the box from in front of her, Solin placed both items upon the table in front of her. She slowly sat down and stared at the items. Then picking up the picture she motioned to Jondris who sat on her right to take the picture and when satisfied pass it to the next person so that each of us gathered around the table could inspect it.
When the picture came to me I could see that the wood of the frame was ancient, almost fossilised into rock, it had several splits and pieces missing and I wondered about the pictures history, who had painted it and where it had hung originally. The picture itself was indeed of a large central building covered in carvings and surrounded by smaller buildings. The whole was surrounded by thick vegetation. Trees and plants with bright flowers and many liana-like growths drooping between them. I passed the picture on to Łĩnwéé. He looked at it deeply and gave a cry,
Solin looked up, “do you recognise this place master Grûndén?”
“This city, it be that o’ the Old Ones, the Keepers. The place they call TeraT’Inu’Itil, if I nat be mistaken.”
Solin asked excitedly, “you have been there? You know where it is?”
“It nat be o’ this world but be built in another place. I have nat been there nay. But the Grûndén, that be me people know o’ it, fo’ some have been there to travel t’ certain mines t’ which only the Old Ones can grant access.”
“Mines not of this world?” It was Serinae who spoke.
“The Old Ones, they have mastery o’er travel into the planar voids. Places beyond the world o’ men ye un’erstan’. In ancient times t’ Old Ones asked the Grûndén t’ mine certain minerals from within the voids, an’ o’ course t’ get us there they ‘ad t’ provide the correct paths.”
Solin smiled broadly, “indeed master Grûndén, then it has been of great value bringing you here, for you have explained much. Perhaps then you may also shed some light on this.”
Solin I could see was in the process of unwrapping the cloth from around the cylindrical object. Once this had been removed there revealed in front of us I supposed was the cylinder she had described in her tale, wrapped in ancient goat skin into which was etched many runes just as she had described in her story. 
All eyes grew intent as Solin grasped the object and started to unwrap it from its skin covering. Layers of old skins dropped from the object each laid out flat with some reverence by Solin. Eventually revealed before us was a crystal cylinder capped at either end with a flat metal disk into which was ornately worked many depictions of the heavens, stars, moon and sun. The crystal itself between the two end caps seemed featureless on the outside, being smooth and translucent, but within some kind of swirling oily mass or mist could be seen as if the intention was to obscure whatever lay within the cylinder. Solin stood the cylinder upright in the centre of the table. We waited but nothing happened.
Then Solin explained, “I didn’t find the time to inspect this object until I arrived in this city, for the road we trod was long and arduous and I won’t bore you with the details, but once settled in this house, my thoughts eventually returned to this object. It seemed to me that the old Ognodess wanted me to have it, for what reason I could not even begin to understand. I had no clue as to what it was, I had seen nothing like it before and I spent many hours researching it and experimenting with it. “But I have not been successful,” she said with a hint of disappointment. “So far I have not been able to unlock the cylinder’s secrets, indeed if it even has any. Even the material from which it is made will not be cut or marked by any means that I have at my disposal. The runes upon it are none that I recognise and for all my knowledge and understanding, I still to this day have gained no knowledge of them. The only other place I have seen similar is within that old Ognod temple where I gained these artefacts.”
We all continued to stare at the cylinder as if willing it to do something or to reveal to us exactly what it was, or what purpose it served. I was aware of a movement at the table opposite where I sat and looking up saw Teouso stand slowly and approach nearer to where the cylinder stood upon the table, he glanced at each of the skins covered in runes and tapping himself upon the chest and then looking at Serinae pointed at his forehead, I was lost to what he was trying to say but Serinae was looking at him intently. After a few more gestures where he held his hand on his chest and with his other hand waved it over the skins and then placed this same hand on his forehead.
Serinae said, “I believe Teouso is trying to say that he has an understanding of the runes depicted on the skins.”
At this Teouso started nodding his head vigorously and made a strange clicking noise in his throat.
Solin stood and gestured towards the rune covered skins and looking at Teouso she said, “be my guest easterner, if you know these characters or what they represent then please feel free to do as you will.”
So gathering up the skins Teouso moved across to a window where the last of the evenings light was shining through. As the waning light from the sun shone through the glass, we could see it illuminated the runes on the old parchments as if bringing them back to life, as if the sunlight had recharged them somehow for they seemed to glow, or even to burn with a golden light.
Eventually after exposing each of the skins to the sunlight Teouso took them up again and returning from the window began arranging them upon the table, laying one parchment over another, interlinking runes as he went, the runes all shone now with an intensity that could be seen through each of the parchments even the very bottom most one could be clearly seen through all the layers as if the parchments were transparent. We watched intently.
After a while it became obvious what Teouso was doing, he didn’t recognise the runes at all, but what he did recognise was that each mark upon each of the skins was in fact part of a rune and now that the patterns shone brightly he was overlaying skins one upon the other aligning them exactly in such a manner that each mark, or marks, made up a complete rune. It dawned on me this was a puzzle. We were all transfixed by what he was doing and after several attempts and reattempts he stood back, seemingly satisfied with his work. He then took up the cylinder and carefully placed it onto the piled parchments where a circle shape was now clearly etched, the diameter of which matched exactly the diameter of the cylinder. Almost immediately the room was filled with a bright light which slowly dimmed revealing a tall slender figure standing in the middle of the parchments, a ray of projecting light shone out from the cylinder to where the figure stood. This figure was dressed in white and he or she glowed with a bright white light, but I found I could suffer looking upon the figure standing there once my eyes had adjusted. 
We looked from the figure to Teouso in astonishment and Solin clapped her hands together in joy saying, as she giggled, “well my eastern friend you have accomplished something that I never managed to do in all my long years.”

Chapter 10 Message From The Past

Extract from ‘The Anthropology of the Elder Races’ by Solin’De’Teinde.
Many speak of another race. Althought this race seems to have been extinct for millennia for no physical reminder of them remains, at least not on this world. Perhaps they never existed at all and are just a story, a myth, designed perhaps to explain the unexplainable. Most call them the Ancient Fathers, but I have yet to find any hard evidence that they are either ‘ancient’ or indeed ‘fathers’ of anything!
~

I heard a melodious voice, I initially thought it was singing, but then realised that actually the voice was only talking, but in so singularly a beautiful voice it sounded like a song. Beckoned by Solin, my companions and I moved up to stand by the side around her chair, it was then that I realised the words were coming from the figure before us. The language spoken I did not recognise and the figure was staring through all of us to a space beyond where we stood. Several times the figure closed its eyes and opened them again, saying one word or phrase, I couldn’t tell which for I had no knowledge of the language used. 
Eventually the figure remained quiet, and slowly lifting its slender arms it removed the hood from around its head. I gasped as did others as we now gazed upon a female face, slender and proud were her features, and at the same time hauntingly beautiful. Not a hair was upon her head, but to my awe her ears were long and pointed – like mine, Serinae’s and Solin’s. But my wonder was interrupted as she lifted her hands in front of her and seemingly looking at each of us in turn she then spoke in the common tongue.
“Welcome, welcome. You are all most welcome my children. Every one of you. I am so very pleased to be in your presence and to be able to welcome you at last.” 
We were all transfixed, I wanted to ask a million questions but kept myself silent for I do not want to miss a single word the figure uttered. 
“My name is Venetra. I am spokesperson for my people. My reason for being here is to explain many things. I do not know how long it has been since we left you on your own, but I am so pleased that now I am able to address you face to face at last.” 
Some of us started to open our mouths ready to ask any one of many questions that balance on our lips and tongues, but before we could utter a sound the figure held up her hand, palm out in a gesture of silence. “I am so very sorry, please understand that what you see before you is not really me in person, present in this world you inhabit. What you see is a message crafted by me many, many ages in the past for as I pointed out, I have no way of knowing exactly how long the intervening time has been, I only know that it must be a great many ages. I am sorry for I cannot hear you and sadly I cannot see you, and for this I apologise. I’m afraid my friends that questions and answers will have to wait for another time and place, one that I hope you may find and reach eventually.
Please let me start with some history and as you listen hopefully some of your questions will become united to answers. I hope you do not find what I have to say too taxing, much of it I’m sure will seem beyond belief, but know this, what I say is the truth.”
Then lowering her eyes she clasped both her slender hands in front of her, and began to speak. “We, that is my people, came to this place from far away across the open void. We started visiting this world as was the will of our master, before the beginning of time, before any race or even any creature was here. You must have learnt by now that this world upon which you live is a sphere floating in the vast open void, it is kept in its place amongst the nothingness of the void by the force of the sun and balanced in some part by other forces from other suns. You may also know that the stars are in fact other such suns. Some of these suns also have worlds similar to this one and are also floating in the open void, but so far away from this place that it would take many thousands of lifetimes to even reach the nearest one unless you have discovered the knowledge and understand the sciences that make this means of travel a reality.
Some millions of years after we first arrived here, there evolved on this world the race of human kind.”
I glanced at Jondris, his eyes were bright and on hearing this last statement he lowered his gaze from the being to look at the floor. 
“At the first they were wild beings of which there were very few, fighting for their existence, then slowly to start but with increasing speed developing over many millennia, they spread all over this world and dominated it. They grew in power and with that power some started to grow in greed, for this was the way of human kind who are short lived and do not seem to care for the future, or what legacies they leave for the following generations. Many, many millions of years in the past human kind in their brilliance and greed for knowledge and power turned their thoughts away from this world and through their own voracious desire wished to see what lay beyond. The humans of this world had split by then into many different factions, for many believed in the older ways and hung on determinedly to older traditions and thus sort to dissuade those who believed in taking this step to explore beyond this world. Through whatever cause, exploration was stopped, an impasse occurred and frustration boiled over into irrational thought and before it could be stopped there was a war. A devastating cataclysm of a war that nearly destroyed the race of human kind and nearly destroyed this world. What few were left had little to sustain them and it seemed to them that they had returned to a similar era long lost in ancient times, everything that human kind had invented, all power that they held slipped away and much of the natural resources blessed to this world had been wastefully used up, for as I say human kind had little thought for the future and only lived with their own selfish short lived moments in time. What had taken time immeasurable to create and evolve had been destroyed in but a moment, a brief spark that had burnt for a period and then died.”
There was a brief pause as the figure leaned forward and extended her hand once again beyond our field of view. Once seemingly satisfied with whatever she did, she continued.
“My people saw an opportunity, for we had been quietly observing human kind as we had other races for all eternity, many races on other worlds faced a similar fate, although not all for the same reasons. Humans had all but destroyed themselves and their own world; other races had lived in true harmony with their world, but still faced extinction for other, more natural reasons. We call these naturally occurring catastrophic events ‘Twists of Eternity’ for they are unforeseen in the most part and seem to us to be unfortunate events not caused by any device or design but just by the overarching natural laws that govern the universe and everything within it. All these things are a natural cataclysm the cause of which cannot be reversed, for even the greatest powers also must obey rules and are subject to natural laws laid down at the beginning of time by the ultimate source of knowledge and design.
Thus we are normally forbidden to interfere with the course of things, but our leaders decided to make an exception in this case. Many meetings and calculations were made designed to quantify the risks involved in our becoming involved in this way. Finally the risks were minimised and the unwanted effects calculated as minimal. We decided that we wanted to offer all of those races we knew faced extinction at that time a new start. Offer an opportunity for survival an escape from their own particular Twist of Eternity.
So we gathered what beings we deemed necessary to save them from extinction and brought them here to share the new start with the diminished race of humans. We hoped that no race or being would be dominant and all would live and work together in harmony for the good of all. Yes, I know what you think, you are wondering where each of your races comes from and why you were brought here. Well, although all of you have lived here on this world for millennia beyond count, only the race of human kind is native to this place, for originally each of the other races had existed on another such world.”
There was a period of silence, none of us spoke.
Then she continued, saying, “yes all the races, all were brought here by us, on one hand to save each race, on the other hand to save all races.  It is because your races are durable beings with individual long life that we were able to travel with you over the great distances across the void and your peoples survived.” 
There was another pause of what seemed like hours but could only have been a couple of minutes, we were allowed some time to take in this knowledge, I looked around at my companions, each of which were also looking around at each other, trying to discern some new meaning in each face, but no one spoke. I think we were all stunned by this knowledge, all wondering perhaps about the place where we originated from. I was shocked, I never once thought that my distant ancestry came from another place, somewhere beyond imagination that may not even exist any longer. This place upon which we stood, this world had been the only home I had ever known, all the home my parents, and their parents, my ancestors going back I don’t know how many years and generations had known. Why did we not know this, why had we not kept any record. I was stunned.
I and everyone else were then brought back from their thoughts by the figure standing before us who had started to speak again. 
“Please my friends do not take this new-found knowledge too hard, for there is purpose behind all of this, a greater purpose, a design that has been laid down for time beyond history, a design with one thought in mind, the thought of survival.
Unfortunately, it is the way of all created beings to be suspicious of difference, you may think that you are successfully sharing this world, but I am sure that your history has shown that each race at some time has thought itself superior or outraged or cheated in some way. I suspect that each of your races has caused indeterminate damage to other races throughout history. Please my friends do not take my words too harshly, we expected this and had planned for it.
But, the time has come to forget your differences, to forget your own racial pride, your individual priorities, for we have also given you a gift if you choose to discover it and use it, for it is a legacy left behind for all equally. Sadly, my race, my people, are dwindling. We have almost run our course in history. For all our knowledge we cannot save ourselves from our fate for the irony in all this is that we face our own Twist of Eternity and from this there is no escape. But we are resigned to this fate, the details of which are unimportant, for what causes more pain to us is that we leave you alone and can no longer help you in times of need.
So we had decided to leave you two things, firstly we have used our knowledge and ingenuity to protect the world on which you live and secondly in fear that all the knowledge we have gained should be lost after we have passed into history we have given you the ability to regain this knowledge, we give it to you freely. Some of it you may already possess for it was necessary to impart such knowledge to aid you in your quest should you choose to accept it, but the remaining clues are at hand should you choose to find them and of course are successful in doing so.
At this the figure dropped her gaze downwards and seemed to lean forward slightly and then extending an arm she again looked up saying, “farewell my friends, when we brought you here it was with great confidence that you would each fulfil your part in this tale, we hold each of you in high regard, and we are confident that each of you will hold true. Then combined, you will take the power to combat the inevitable dangers that face this world, your world. I do not know what these dangers may be, but my people have lived long and seen much, we know that these dangers will present themselves. So we hope that by gifting you our knowledge, it is in each of you we place our faith, in each race we place our hope and confidence that you will survive all ills that befall you whether from within or without and thus you will go on and prosper. So until we may meet again perhaps, I wish you a fond farewell.”
Then again looking down to where her hand would have been at the end of her extended arm she disappeared and the room was plunged into darkness, for unnoticed during the time we had listened to Venetra the sun had gone down and the lights in the room had not been lit.
We all sat there motionless in the semi-dark, stunned silent by what we had just heard, none of us wanted to believe what had been said. I thought this a dream, that I would wake up in a minute, but I knew this was not going to be the case. Solin rang her little bell and soon Jonas had returned and lighting the lamps in the room retired once more leaving us alone. I looked around at the gathered faces, all it seemed were shocked into silence. I wanted to say something, but what could I say? I had just discovered that I did not come from this world; did that mean I did not belong to it? I was a refugee; I couldn’t believe that our race did not know this. Not only that, but we were rescued as a race from certain doom, how had Venetra put it, rescued from a Twist of Eternity, that was the phrase she used. She then hinted that perhaps we were to face a similar doom now on this world. Venetra had told us that we could save ourselves and our world, but how? What did we have to do, what did we have to accomplish to even start to go down that path? I didn’t know where to start. I didn’t even know the nature of the first thing we needed to find out. I began to feel depressed, let down, alone and very vulnerable.
All of these things were discussed at length, over the next hour or so, but I didn’t hear much of what was said. I spent the time in my own thoughts, but unable to come to any conclusion. The time was moving on and so in the early hours of the following morning tiredness overcome us and the talking stopped. 
Solin, standing broke the silence, “perhaps we should all get some sleep. Think on this again tomorrow, sleeping on it will hopefully clear our minds and better prepare ourselves for tomorrow’s discussions.”
At this she gestured towards Jonas who came to her side and helped her make her way from the room. Before she disappeared through the door to her chambers, she turned and bid us all a good night and hoped that we would all sleep well. Sleep? Even though I knew I should be tired, how could I sleep? My body felt weary but my mind was racing, my thoughts confused and without any clear direction. How could I deal with such overwhelming discoveries?
I followed Serinae who had stood after Solin’s departure and exited the room, I caught up with her and we walked along many corridors within Solin’s house. I asked her what she thought about all that we had heard. She said that she had to think, she didn’t know, as any of us didn’t know, what this all meant. The only point that worried her was that Venetra had told us of some kind of protection that she, or her race had ensured for this world. Yet there were a lot of indicators pointing towards destructive forces being at work, the equilibrium seemed to have been upset at least this was her perception of changes in natural phenomena such that she had been observing. I asked her when she had first noticed the changes she had described during our time in the forest outside of Corbond.
She thought for a while and eventually said, “my guess Mini is over one hundred years or so have passed since I first noticed the changes, the trouble is I can’t be sure. When these things first started they were very subtle and I didn’t really consciously take a lot of notice in my ignorance. It was many years perhaps until I started to hear others tell of such things and all of a sudden I became more aware of what I had been witnessing.”
By this time we had entered a large room. I gasped as I looked around at the many shelves that lined the walls. This must be the library, every wall was given to shelving that stretched from floor level to ceiling. The ceilings in this room were higher than a single story, in fact I thought that this rooms ceiling had been removed to make a double height room. High above there was a glass dome through which I could clearly see the stars, I wondered if any of them were close to the world in which we the T’Iea had once inhabited. Lower down a galleried landing ran completely around the room at about the height the ceiling would have been if there had been one.  I gasped at the number of books represented here. The door clicked shut behind us and I turned noticing that even the door on this side had shelves with small books upon them. In the centre of the room were a couple of comfortable looking padded chairs and between these chairs a small table on which stood a silver tray of glasses and a crystal decanter full of clear liquid, I assumed this was water to satisfy the thirsty reader.
“I am going to see what information I can gleam from Solin’s library Mini, stay if you want to, I would welcome the help. I don’t even know really what I’m looking for but if there is anything useful recorded anywhere in the world it is most likely to be found here. I sat in one of the chairs, Seri walked over to one wall and I noticed there mounted on a sloping podium was a large book that lay already open. She started to look at this book which I realised must be a compendium, listing many if not all of the books that were in this room. She lifted all the pages on the left hand side of the open book and sought the very first page; she then started to run her finger down the list of books I knew was listed there. I stood and walking over to Seri looked over her shoulder. I was right, there in some order were lists of books with information pertaining to what they were, who wrote them and other such listings. I didn’t have the heart to go through the many hundreds of pages that lay within so with a sigh I bid Seri good night.
She didn’t look up from her work she just said quietly, “ok Mini, rest well, I expect I’ll be going up myself before too long.”
I turned back and finding the door once again left the library. I made my way to the stairs to go back to my room. The thought on my mind as I walked up them was that if Serinae had just noticed changes a hundred years ago then it could be that subtle effects were occurring prior to that, maybe years prior. I had a fitful sleep that night for my mind churned continually with the information I had heard. I dreamed I was facing an open doorway, darkness lay within and written across the top the words ‘A Twist of Eternity’ but try as I might I could not make my feet or legs move to walk through it.
 


Chapter 11 On The Road Again

Extract from ‘The Technological Curse’ by Solin De’Teinde.
They lust after knowledge, the sciences are their religion. They hunger for invention, they are not happy unless some great and powerful machine is built to aid them in their goal. They would destroy themselves rather than give up their hunger for technology. They will stop at nothing until everything scientifically possible has been discovered for they must know everything there is to know, they will not be satisfied until every scientific secret is discovered, every use for every element is processed, every science unravelled relinquishing every tiny secret.
But with their insatiable appetite for science they forget that some things are better left undiscovered, some knowledge is better left unsort. For some secrets are better left that way.
~

When I came downstairs the following morning, the house was silent. I was not surprised. I, myself had a fitful sleep and if it was the same for the rest of my companions then I suspected that they may be trying to get as much rest as possible. I had found my own clothing smelling fresh and clean and neatly laid out on a chair in my room when I retired for the evening and it was these traveling clothes I wore once again.
I found myself walking back into the library where I had left Seri the night before. I was surprised to find her sitting in the same chair where I had left her, she was reading a book and sipping from a cup. I wondered if she had been up all night thinking over what had been said. There was a pile of books on the table next to her that I had not noticed being there the night before.
She took note of my glancing at the books and smiling said, “Good morning Mini, good to read sometimes don't you think?”
I replied that it was and asked if she had read all these this morning she smiled and yawned and I realised that actually she really must have been up most of the night reading through this collection of books. But I noticed that she was changed out of the gown she was wearing the previous evening back into her normal chain mail and leather.
“We are leaving today?” I asked.
“Yes we are,” was the reply.
Just then Tnie appeared from behind a screen in the corner and gave a wry smile in my direction. He was also ready in travel clothes and wearing a rather heavy frown on his face.
I glanced towards Seri who smiled and said. “Ah, we have another travelling companion to boost our ranks. Master Tnie here has very kindly consented to guide us to the Pnook city of Scienocropolis.”
I was surprised at this apparent turn of events, I expected to be back on the road once again, but not to the extent that Seri spoke of. I spluttered, “but that's many miles from here across the Great Trad Ocean, almost right the way around the other side of the world. Are we going to seek passage on a ship?” I asked with a hint of concern. My sailing experience had been confined to sunny days in coastal fishing boats with my uncle, I had never been on a big ocean crossing ship in my life and the whole idea of being in the middle of a vast ocean beyond the sight of any landfall on a constantly shifting deck was worrying to say the least.
But Serinae smiled and glanced briefly at the Pnook and said, “kind of yes. Tnie here is the owner of a vessel of sorts and has agreed to place it at our disposal.”
Tnie gave Seri a rather surly glance. But just then a young girl entered the room carrying a tray of fruit and other breakfast fare. She placed the tray on the table and said, “my mistress bids you all good morning and hopes you will enjoy this breakfast; she apologises that she cannot be here to greet you but she has pressing business elsewhere at this time. But she has asked me to tell you that her house is at your disposal for as long as you wish.”
At this she curtsied and made towards the door. As she reached the door she stepped back into the library smiling, then giving a slight bow with her head she stood to one side to allow the rest of our party to enter. Immediately Tnie rushed across and started to fill a plate with food. I didn't feel that hungry I had too many questions playing on my mind. Jon walked across to me and taking my hand looked questioningly into my eyes.
“We are leaving Jon.”
To my surprise he replied, “I know Mini.”
It then occurred to me that I must have been the only one to have gone to bed last night. First Tnie ready to travel, then Jon already party to the news that Serinae had surprised me with this morning. 
I frowned and said rather unkindly, “ok keep your secrets then.” I felt a bit of a fool and what with getting little sleep the night before I angered quickly and I know it showed on my face. 
Jon took my hand and said, “we all agreed last night to let you sleep Mini, I'm sorry that you had no part in the decision, but we have urgent business with the gnomes of Scienocropolis.”
I felt the irony of what he just said, but instead of commenting on my actual lack of sleep I asked, “but why there?”
Seri was the first to answer, “I read through many books last night Mini, many proved to be very interesting. One in particular had some interesting illustrations of small devices made by the Pnook. These devices are used to control many mechanisms that the gnomes build, in fact Tnie here has many such devices with him.”
She looked towards Tnie, he seemed to begrudgingly reach into his jacket and pull out a small leather wallet. He loosened the tie string that held it closed and opened many leather flaps within. He then laid the open wallet on the table next to Seri. We all moved closer to take a look. There within the folds of the wallet where little glimmering squares that seemed to reflect the light in myriad directions.
I had seen something similar before, I had to think where, then it occurred to me, the necklace that Tezrin had back in Corbond. That necklace contained one of these little square mirror like things. I said, “dragon scales.”
Łĩnwéé came to stand by me, “aye lassie, dragon scales true enough.”
At this Tnie said, “you may call them what you like master Grûndén, but dragon scales these are most certainly not.”
Łĩnwéé glowered at Tnie and replied, “I know they nat be real dragon scales ye foolish‘n, d’ ye think me a dolt? That just be the name m’ people give to such things is all.” 
He returned to look in wonder at the devices nestling in little pockets within Tnie’s wallet.
“So,” said Seri, “Tezrin was searching for this necklace, I think perhaps he may have sort what was held within rather than the necklace itself. If this is the case then he may well seek the aid of the Pnook to find out more about it, or even how to use it, so I suggest we go there to see the Pnook. It’s a good a place to start as any don’t you think? Who knows we may even bump into him there.” 
At this she nodded in thanks to Tnie before saying, “even if we don’t catch up with him then at least we have a mediator travelling with us to seek advice from the Pnook on the kind of device that may be mounted within the necklace, or even if they knew about it first-hand.”
I took a sideways glance at Tnie, he looked very sheepish. I got the distinct impression that he hadn’t told us something of importance, but I let it go for the time being even though I had a slight feeling of misgiving in my mind. We finished breakfast and went our own ways, under orders to meet later ready to start off.
So after gathering my things and saying goodbye to Solin’s staff, I met the rest of the company in the road outside the house. Solin had joined us and stood amongst us chatting.
When she came to me she gazed into my eyes and smiling said, “I am so very pleased to have met you Minervar, Serinae was right to choose you for a companion.” She sighed then and said, “my long life has been full of travel and discovery, my heart longs to go with you, but my body aches at the thought.” She clasped both my hands in hers and speaking softly, “you are in good hands, Serinae will ensure your safety to her last breath, just as she has committed to me over the long years.”
She then stepped back and addressing us all said, “my friends, I wish you every speed and success on your journeys, my thoughts will remain with you always until we may meet once more. My house is your house, may it please all the powers that you will return here one day and we may speak of your adventures.”
She then turned to Serinae and looking into her eyes she planted a kiss upon her brow. As she turned away her eyes downcast I thought I saw wetness there, I wanted to say something but Jonas held the arm of his mistress and with a concerned look upon his face led her back through the gate and into the garden beyond. 
A fine mixed group we must have seemed, but it was still quite early and the citizens of this particular part of Amentura had not in the main began to stir and go about their daily lives. We moved off, Tnie leading the way heading back down the hill towards the town itself. Not much was said as we walked, for each bore their own thoughts. I did learn from Serinae however that many of the party stayed up most of the night reading and discussing the previous evening’s events. They had been joined by Solin and Serinae frowned as she remarked while shaking her head slowly how tired Solin had looked this morning.
To my surprise we did not make for the harbour, but rather circled around keeping to the main streets of the town. It soon became apparent that we were heading for the artisan quarter, for as we walked the buildings were becoming less residential and more functional in their use and appearance. We passed several smithies that were at work already, some potteries, a glass maker, but these businesses soon gave way to larger buildings, two sometimes three stories high with gibbets protruding out from the upper floors. Wide double doors were set in their walls, some of these portals were flung open and the gibbets being used to haul up various boxes, bails, large glass or stone jars wrapped in sack webbing and straw for protection. All manner of things were stored here I was sure. I assumed then that these building were merchant’s warehouses, the larders, store houses and vaults of Amentura and probably the hinterland regions beyond.
We turned a corner and there in front of us quite on its own was a lower building, completely circular in shape. The architecture of this building was completely different from those surrounding it and it quite obviously was designed with a completely different purpose in mind. We walked up to it and Tnie retrieved from somewhere about his person a large bronze key which he used to unlock a set of large sliding doors that easily opened when pushed upon. They slid soundlessly, curving around the circular building running on little pulley wheels that sat in metal troughs full of grease. I began to wonder if this building and its architecture originated from the Pnook rather than any other race. We entered, following Tnie inside. Once we had all walked within, Tnie slid the doors closed again helped by Jondris. This done he locked them, this time from the inside.
I couldn’t see a lot within the dark interior of the building, but I could see that something large occupied most of the space, we could not see any detail for it was too gloomy and whatever occupied the space was disguised being covered in heavy tarpaulins.
Serinae beckoned to me to help her pull back the heavy drapes from the grubby windows which I noticed ran in continuous fashion all the way around the circular structure. The glass panes looked although they had been splashed with watered down paint, perhaps to conceal whatever lay within from prying eyes. Once these where pulled back and some sunlight streamed through the stained windows we could better make out what looked like some dormant monster looming in the centre of the single room. Tnie began to beckon to each of us to help him pull off all of covers and stack them folded to one side. Slowly a great machine began to be revealed, looking somewhat like a small sea going ship, but we were not near to the ocean or to any river, and the machine seemed to have no mast on which to unfurl a sail of any sort.
Once all the tarpaulins were removed we could get a better look at the machine. It was quite sleek in appearance, it gleamed silver in the sunlight and we were all reflected in the material like a mirror. I did imagine it as being some kind of ship for one end was in deed sharper looking much like the bow of a ship. About midway down its length two stubby constructions stuck out from each side of the ship’s hull on the end of which were two smaller hulls similar in shape to the main hull but about a quarter of the size. I thought it looked like a ship with two rowing boats tied alongside. 
The whole thing was being kept upright by a purpose-built metal frame and trestles upon which the machine rested. Tnie was intent on walking around the thing inspecting it from every angle as if trying to satisfy himself that it was ok, or that it was complete. I turned and inquired from Tnie what the machine might be.
He smiled at me and said, “Amentura has for many years been a trading town for the Pnook of Scienocropolis in the Great Rust Desert, machines like these have been used to travel between here and the Pnook city across the Trad ocean, this building used to be one of many, but as the years have marched onward trade has slowed, these buildings have been demolished in favour of others and this one now remains the last example of its kind in Amentura. A final testament I’m afraid to Pnook inventiveness in Dahl’Ambronis.”
“But we are not near to any water, how are we to sail on such a vessel?”
He smiled again, I frowned as I thought he was relishing my ignorance. “Wait Minervar please, in the time taken for me to explain we will have left on the journey, there is much to be done in preparation of the vessel, but take it from me you will be pleasantly surprised.”
I frowned at him and replied, “ok keep your riddles, for I can see you are enjoying this.”
“Minervar, watch and wait, you will not be disappointed I promise.”
Tnie then ran his hands over the hull of the machine, a couple of times he stopped and opening a little flap or cover reached inside and seemed to pull upon some hidden thing. After removing his hand each of the little doors was closed once more. Eventually he stopped and standing back from the machine, seemed to come to some satisfied decision.
Taking another key from his person he walked over to where stood a large wooden cabinet the doors of which were painted a dull silver colour, some of the paint had flacked off and lay at the foot of the cabinet. Unlocking these doors he looked inside and pulled out a heavy looking device that I still cannot describe to this day, it was roughly a cube in shape with rounded corners, but had various projections from its surfaces, including a shaped piece of metal that seemed to form a handle by which Tnie carried the object. I could tell Tnie was struggling with the weight of the thing for he looked over at us and Łĩnwéé moved to his side to help him lift the object. Tnie guided Łĩnwéé and the object over to the machine, as they passed by me a strange thing happened, all the hair on my head started to sway towards the box they carried as if a stiff breeze was blowing my hair towards it, I also felt the fine hair on my arms be attracted towards the device, but the air in the room was still. I had felt this before when in the presence of strong arcane energy which had the natural property of attracting things towards it.
Once the two short men were beneath the machine they placed the object, or the accumulator as Tnie called it, on the floor carefully. Tnie then walked back over to another section of the wall. Here he started to wheel a set of tall metal steps across the floor and positioned them by the accumulator that now sat on the floor. I was fascinated by what was going on as were the rest of my companions. After some minutes of moving the steps around Tnie obviously became satisfied with their position and again beckoning to Łĩnwéé, the two again picked up the accumulator and side by side carried it up the steps to the platform at the top. I’m glad Łĩnwéé had offered to help Tnie because I doubt the size of any of the rest of us would have allowed us to easily manhandle the accumulator to the platform because of the width of the stairs.
Once they were both standing upon the small platform at the top of the stairs, Tnie with the help of Łĩnwéé hefted the accumulator to shoulder height and moved it forward towards one end of the small hull sticking out of that side of the machine. They lifted it a bit further and pushed it against the small hull, then turning the device this way and that it eventually made a clunking sound and had obviously engaged into a receptacle made for the purpose. Tnie then turned the device through thirty degree’s or so and with a further loud click stood back as the device seemed to be drawn inside the small hull and became completely pulled within, a sliding door shut hiding the device from view. Obviously satisfied that the device was now in place, Tnie pressed a hidden button on the side of the small hull. Soon the machine began to hum with a low pitched sound. I noticed then that the air under that side of the machine started to shimmer, similar to a heat haze. I stepped back wary of what would happen next. 
Tnie, followed by Łĩnwéé made his way back down the steps, to do this he had to pass through the edge of the hazy shimmering air, he did not seem to be affected by this at all and I felt more comfortable again. He now proceeded to move the steps across to the other side of the machine and similarly position them beneath the small hull on the other side. Then again with Łĩnwéé’s aid he retrieved another identical accumulator device from the same cupboard and together they similarly positioned this accumulator into the smaller hull on the other side. As before, the insertion of this accumulator also caused the machine to hum but a little louder now as both accumulators were now installed. As before, the air on that side took up a shimmering look.
By this time I stood in wonder at what was happening. I was even more drawn to wonder when I noticed that the machine instead of resting upon the metal frame it was now lifted slightly and none of it contacted upon the frame, in fact I could see no mechanism or method supporting the machine, it seemed to be floating in mid-air unaided. I walked forward and touched the main hull gently, as I made gentle contact the hull moved away from my outstretched hand and continued moving slowly away from me. I watched in fascination as the whole machine slowly continued on its path away from my hand. I felt a sudden panic and ducked under the hull and quickly placing my hand on the other side I was relieved to find I had stopped its slow rotational movement. I was about to try and push on the machine again when Tnie grasped my hand, he smiled and shook his head. I lowered my outstretched arm and moved it down to my side. The look on his face clearly said, please do not touch.
Tnie then walked over and removed the steps from beneath the machine and placed them back where he had got them from. Then walking to the front of the main hull to where I could see a large metal eyelet protruded, he pulled gently on the eyelet and the machine moved about as he moved his hand. Even though I had done it myself, I found it difficult to believe that such a weak force could move the large heavy machine so easily. He seemed to be carefully positioning the machine, I noticed him look down several times towards the floor. There were marks on the floor and Tnie seemed to be aligning the machine carefully over these marks. After he became satisfied with the placement of the machine, with his other hand he then opened another little hatch in the hull beside the eyelet. I could see that this revealed a bank of small switches which Tnie proceeded to flick with his finger. Once this was done he tried to move the machine again by holding on to the eyelet, but this time the machine would not budge no matter how much pressure Tnie exerted upon the eyelet, all that happened was the hum of the machine changed very slightly in pitch as if the machine was resisting Tnie’s efforts to move it.
Being satisfied with his efforts he closed the hatch. He then moved back over to the closed doors of the building, here there was a lever set into the floor, Jondris was across the other side of the doors and Tnie beckoned to him as if to say please you grasp that one, for indeed there was a second lever on Jondris’s side of the doors. Tnie depressed a locking button on the top of the lever and pulled it towards him, he gestured to Jondris to do the same which he did. There began a loud creaking, clanking rumble from above our heads and a long straight gap appeared part way along the length of the roof. The gap was widening and I could see the clouds and blue sky through the opening. After a few minutes the noise stopped and the ceiling stopped opening, but by this time a great rectangular aperture had appeared in the roof of the building directly over the machine and a great expanse of sky could be seen. Tnie walked beneath the machine itself again through the hazy looking air, he opened another little door or cover on the main boat hull and reaching inside pushed a button within the hull, as he stepped back a trapdoor started to open slowly downwards. As this large trapdoor hinged down from the hull, we could plainly see on the inside of the door were jagged structures that looked like teeth, in fact this door looked just like the bottom jaw of some immense beast opening to swallow its prey.
The lower end of the door stopped just above the ground and it became apparent that the jagged structures were in fact steps. Tnie moved forward and placed his foot on the bottom step, then walking up this stair case he disappeared from view into the body of the machine. He soon reappeared however and returning back down the steps alighted once more upon the floor of the building or hanger as he called it afterwards. He beckoned for us to follow him, we did so and he led us to a row of lockers along the wall behind the machine, he opened one of the lockers and removed a hanger on which was some kind of suit of clothing. It appeared to be made from some thick leather hide, there was also a leather helmet that looked although it would cover the entire head of the wearer, for there were two holes in the front covered in what looked like clear glass, obviously positioned for the eyes and another hole where the nose and mouth would be, but this hole unlike the eye holes had some kind of a metal gauze stitched into it. I had seen similar things on some face masks of armour that allowed the wearer to breathe, but at the same time offered efficient protection for the nose and mouth. Tnie asked each of us to open the lockers and find a suit of this kind that would fit each of us, but there seemed to be only three sizes and we had to choose the size with the nearest fit, which meant that Serinae and I had to have the middle size, but even this size made us look like two deflated balloons once we had our suits on. The leather suit was designed to go down to the ground, but again on Serinae and I it went beyond that and we had to lift the hem of our suits to enable us to walk back to the machine. We found it impossible to get up the steps into the machine wearing these suits. Thankfully Tnie told us that we didn’t necessarily have to wear them at this time so we gladly removed them and carried them on board.
Once all the suits, all our gear and all of us were inside the machine, Tnie showed us where to stow all of our belongings and the equipment that we had carried on board. Everything had a place to be stored. I reached out and felt the hull of the machine on the inside, I could feel a prickle as my skin touched it, not an unpleasant sensation, just like sometimes when an article of clothing is put on and you feel a sort of crackling prickle.
Tnie then climbing another short flight of steps, opened a hatch above our heads, this enabled us to climb out upon an outside deck that was obscured from view as we stood on the ground. The machine really did look more and more like a ship. We all climbed out onto the open deck and Tnie requested that we all sit down upon benches that ran along the outside edge of the deck, these were set well below the surrounding parapet and once seated we could not see over the edge of the machine. 
I stood again so that I could see how far up we were as I looked over the side. Once all seemed to be ready Tnie left the machine one last time and walking over to the two levers by the side of the entrance doors to the building set them back into their original positions. I expected the ceiling above us to close again but this did not happen and I could just hear a ticking noise like a clockwork mechanism somewhere in close vicinity of the two levers. Tnie returned briskly and climbing through and closing both hatches one last time sat at a single seat mounted centrally on the deck of the machine. He reached inside his jacket and withdrew the same little leather wallet that he had shown to us in Solin’s library earlier that morning. Opening this as I had seen him do before, he took something out, something much too small for me to see from where I sat, but I assumed it to be one of the little dragon scales as Łĩnwéé called them. He opened a little flap in the desk in front of him and carefully he placed whatever he had in his hand within, he then closed the flap again. Immediately the deck of the vessel started to vibrate rhythmically and it moved beneath my feet. Looking back over the side of the parapet I noticed that we had in fact shifted position, for now it looked like we had risen some two or three metres.
I noticed the seat in which Tnie was now seated was surrounded by several levers and either side of the seat at waist height were mounted two wheels with four spokes each. Each spoke had at its outer end a small wooden handle I supposed to make turning the wheel easier than otherwise just gripping the rim. Tnie sat on the seat and seemed to spend a little time familiarising himself with all the levers and the two wheels. Each time he moved one, or both, the wheels the machine shuddered and seemed to be straining to get free of some restraint upon it. Eventually Tnie asked us to sit and when we all had done so he pulled on one of the levers, there was a grinding noise that ended in a loud click immediately followed by a movement from the machine, it felt just like the movement of a ship once the anchor is stowed away and the wind caught the sails and the ship was free to move upon the waves. I looked up at the ceiling of the building and could just perceive that it was moving gently as if it was swaying in a light breeze; it then occurred to me that actually a building cannot move in this way and it must be us and the machine that was moving. Another lever was pulled, but this time much more gently, I felt a strange sensation in the pit of my stomach and we seemed to lurch somehow. This time when I looked up I noticed that the ceiling of the building was getting nearer and nearer with every second. I realised that we were ascending somehow. Before long the ceiling of the building had disappeared altogether and all I could see was the sky and clouds above us.
I couldn’t help but stand as did some of my companions. Serinae walked across to join my side and Jondris walked to the other side of the machine. Łĩnwéé seemed to be frozen in place where he sat, his knuckles white with the exertion of gripping onto the edge of his seat. I ventured to look over the side of the flying machine, for flying it was, I could see the city spread out before me as if I was looking from some vantage point in a high tower. We had come right through the roof of the building and were gaining altitude by the minute. I looked directly down over the edge of the parapet; I could see the building below us, the rectangular opening which we had just passed through was now closing getting smaller until with an audible clang it shut completely. We were obviously on our way.
 We continued to rise higher and higher for the next few minutes. As we rose the view over the side of the machine became more and more stunning, the city began to look like an architect’s model placed below us. I could see beyond the city to the blue horizon of the ocean to the west. We were now so high when looking north-east the far distant white peaks of the mountains of Ambrunista could just be made out. A few minutes later the feeling in the pit of my stomach receded and Tnie asked that we all sit down, once this was done he gently rotated the two wheels either side of him and there was a jerk as our direction changed from going up to going forward, he opened a flap mounted on a post directly in front of him and scrutinised something that we could not see, I was later to have him explain to me that this device was called a compass and it showed with great accuracy which direction we were moving in. He proceeded to move one wheel then the other and I felt, especially with my stomach, the machine pitched about like a ship being thrown about by waves. Eventually the wheels were left in position and my stomach calmed once more. 
We were allowed to stand again and as soon as my head was above the parapet a terrific wind blew my hair around my face as if I were standing on a cliff top with a stiff sea breeze tousling with my hair. It was very pleasant to feel the wind blowing in this manner. Just then Serinae appeared by my side, she had her hair tied back behind her ears and she offered me an ornately carved clip made from some bone or perhaps a tusk, I took this and tied my hair behind my ears in similar fashion. By this time we were obviously moving forward through the air at quite a pace, my excitement at this realisation was quite considerable and I rushed from side to side of the ship looking at as many different views as I could. Poor Łĩnwéé however did not seem to take to flying at all, he remained glued to his seat his knuckles getting whiter as he groaned to himself in a most forlorn fashion. I rather liked the feel of flying, I guess it appealed to my adventurous nature to the extent that this great curiosity and sense of excitement overcame any fear that I may have felt and I contented myself with looking around at the views of the land passing beneath us. At this height the horizon extended way beyond that normally visible. Miles upon miles of land could be seen all around us to one side and the massive endless expanse of the ocean on the other.
We continued to fly south keeping the land to our left and the Trad Ocean to our right. It transpired that navigation of this craft was purely accomplished via land marks or waypoints. Tnie told us that he needed to get to a particular waypoint on the coast to the south before we headed out and over the great ocean, as he knew from this waypoint that setting a certain direction on the compass would bring us over a further waypoint on the coast of the Rust Desert where he knew that he needed to adjust our direction to ensure that we came finally to Scienocropolis.

Chapter 12 Voyage Across the Trad

Extract from ‘The Technological Curse’ by Solin De’Teinde.
One of the more amazing scientific discoveries made by the Pnook was the power of flight, they discovered how to control the natural force that keep everything tied to the worlds surface. They can neutralise this natural force and enable their machines to rise above the surface of the world. Something that for millennia was solely the providence of the various wild creatures that had evolved the capability of flight.
~

Within a few hours the land below us gave way to a vast area of salt water marsh. The delta of some great river that I could not name flowed out into the sea. The water below us was discoloured a golden sandy brown for miles around as if the waters of the river were washing the land into the ocean.
Flocks of birds could be seen below, their white wings shining brightly in the sun light. Many hundreds more swam upon the slow, shallow waters. As I watched a darker, much larger shape flew across the vista below our craft, a large bird of prey of some kind. All of a sudden a great cry rent the air that could be heard even from our high position and the enormous flock of birds took to the air as one, obviously not wanting to be an easy target for the bird of prey above them. But the hawk just circled lazily on the breeze not taking any notice of the white expanse of wings below it. I supposed it had perhaps eaten already and was enjoying both a full belly and probably the fact that it had caused so much turmoil below. Serinae moved and sat beside me, she looked thoughtful and I asked her what she was thinking.
“Ah Mini, below us is the delta of the great river mother ‘Ealle’, she gathers her waters from the snowy caps of the great mountain range that divides the continent of Dahl’Ambronis between east and west, the mountains we call Tolle’Fornosse’Veetri, the range Jondris would call The Great Spine. The Ealle gathers many tributaries into herself as she flows to the Trad Ocean eventually emptying her waters into the sea here below us.” She was silent for a second or two, a faraway look in her eyes. “It’s a funny thing that a river such as the Ealle starts with so much energy and life, a tumbling torrent high in the Tolle’s but here below us her energy is spent and she is content to wander the lowlands and eventually spill her life force into many smaller rivers. It is as if she has become old and gentle, her wise old mind spread over many things instead of the youthful purpose of her headlong rush to the sea.” 
Then after a few more moments of thought she continued, “you know Mini if you were to have a boat sail from here up river you would soon come across the old T’Iea city of Ter’Fin’Ealle where our people have lived for many ages. It is a fine and ancient city that spans across both sides of the Ealle River. The trees there are so tall and large, many span across the waters providing natural walkways to get from one side to the other, their branches trained in growth and intertwined artfully by the skill of our people to form great living bridges.” She smiled and drew herself up, then taking a deep breath she said, “one day, when I have the time, I will return there to the place I lived with my parents, I feel I must return at least once before the Maker invites me home.”
“How long have you been gone from there?” I had to ask.
She looked at me deep in thought. “Too long Mini, I have not been home for …… far too long.” She shook her head and looked at the deck of the flying machine for a few minutes lost in some private thought. “You know Mini there was a time when the great forest of Gel’Te’Ertenya spread from the little known eastern shores to the western where Amentura lies, and also north from the snow line of Tolle’Ambrunista beyond which the Grûndén can be found, down to the wide open beaches of the southern sea where the great sea turtles lay their eggs. The whole continent was once clothed in the once unbroken forest of Gel’Te’Ertenya and our people had many cities, towns and villages within the green swathe. The trees indeed covered the whole continent apart of course for the great mountain range Tolle’Fornosse’Veetri. There the high snows make it impassable for most of the year, but there are a few high valleys that for a few weeks each year are almost clear of snow and thus enable passage to the eastern lands. Valleys that allowed the race of men to cross from the east into the west long ago.” 
The way she looked told me that event perhaps held some special significance for her. I remembered her saying something about this crossing of the mountains in her conversation with Tezrin that night in the tavern in Corbond. I wanted to mention this, but I stopped myself for all of a sudden her face looked like thunder and her eyes burned deep green. But this passed, instead she shivered and clasped her arms about her person, remaining deep in some thought.
She then looked up and smiling again and looking at me continued, “It was said that you could travel through the woodland canopy across the whole forest without stepping once upon the earth and the trees would bend their branches to aid your passage.”
Then with a look of sadness upon her face she added, “but now the T’Iea populations have diminished, although we still have major cities within the realm, many of the outlying towns and villages have been long abandoned. War and famine have taken a toll on our people Mini, but our heart is still strong and the Maker Eny’Nin’Rel, the God of All still sees purpose yet to have us walk upon his earth, for it is by his grace lone that we remain here.” 
We both stood and leaned on the parapet looking out at the river winding its way inland. 
She said, “have you noticed in recent years the tree spirits grow fewer? They are withdrawing from the world.” She turned towards me and gathering my hands in hers she said, “Mini the world is indeed changing and I fear for it. I fear what is to become of it. I wonder if we are already too late to change things around, bring the world back onto its feet again. I feel the trees tire, the earth heave and sigh. I'm worried that soon the natural state will be on its knees and nothing will bring it back to standing again.” At this she returned to where she was sitting before.
All this talk left me in a rather melancholy mood, I tried to distract myself by looking inland to see if I could get any visual hint of a city in the forest, but all I could see was the great green spread out below and unbroken to the far horizon. I had never been to Ter’Fin’Ealle and I had to agree with Serinae that it would be well worth a visit one day.
Suddenly I felt the airship shift beneath me and it began to change direction. Obviously a new course had been set over the ocean to the waypoint on the coast of the Rust Desert, just as Tnie had told us. Within minutes we had crossed the marshy coast and found ourselves high over the Trad Ocean which extended out before us as far as the eye could see to the far horizon. Many sand banks could be seen below, some high enough to rise above the waves, a convenient roosting place for wild life as some of these were covered in wading birds of all sorts. Others were populated by what looked like grey coloured animals basking in the sunshine, they had no legs on which to walk, just large flat hand-like growths with long fingers webbed together with long claws at each end. Their movement across the sand was in great rolling lopes, they looked for all the world like a child’s see-saw the way they moved upon their great curved bellies. Their cries and honking noises could be heard even at this height. The larger and noisier creatures had great tusks protruding downwards and upwards from their mouths, I would not like to have to defend myself against one of these beasts for their size and weight looked formidable.
After a few hours the land behind could no longer be seen and we were surrounded by the glistening water of the great Trad Ocean below. The waves looked like tiny ripples from this height, the vista completely unbroken except for the odd wispy cloud that passed beneath our vessel. I still find it hard to believe even to this day that I have flown above the clouds, higher than any bird it seemed at the time. But then on odd occasions we would fly alongside some flock of birds or even a single bird like the great albatross that seemed to enjoy our company by flying adjacent to us on many occasions. The great bird kept one wary eye upon our vessel but apart from that didn’t seem to mind at all that we should be accompanying it upon its solitary journey across the vast expanse of water beneath us.
The ocean below remained unbroken for many miles but occasionally the odd sailing ship could be seen passing beneath us. I’m sure more may have passed unnoticed for they seemed but small dark coloured dots on a painted backdrop of blue. I wondered what the sailors may have thought of the spectacle of a ship sailing high above them born on the air currents rather than the waves of the ocean. 
I often felt sorry for Łĩnwéé he was quite obviously not enjoying his time flying. I would regularly sit beside him. On these occasions he would generally look at me an unpleasant grimace upon his features.
Once I commented, “poor Łĩnwéé you obviously do not take to this form of travel?”
“Nay lassie, I be a’luvin’ t’ rock beneath me feet, m’ people spend most o’ their time below the ground ne’er high above it.” He placed his head back into his hands, I sat and patted him on his back for a while as he groaned pitifully.
Our days passed on by. The blue sky above and the equally blue ocean below, the only thing that broke the blue upon blue were the clouds that we either passed over or passed beneath. The night time was my favourite though; the monotony that was the daytime gave way to a sight that I never tired of. As long as the higher wispy clouds remained absent above us, the most breath-taking view was revealed. The night sky was blacker then black, and the stars, the Maker be praised, were stunningly beautiful. I would spend hours upon hours just lying on the bench gazing up at them. Millions upon millions beyond counting shone in the night sky from horizon to horizon and in every direction. It was as if the world had been draped in a sparkling blanket. I dreamed of patterns as my mother and I used to imagine with the clouds. I could join up stars and make animals and other imaginary things. My heart jumped as a shooting star shone out its brief but spectacular life streaking across the night sky. Sometimes whole showers of them could be seen, a light show that took my breath from me.
One night I must have fallen asleep, for I awoke in the morning still lying on the bench, but some kind soul had placed a warm blanket over me so I still felt warm as my eyes adjusted to the bright blue of the sky above. I became aware of a presence beside me so I sat up and stretched.
“Good morning Mini,” it was Serinae.
“Hello Seri,” I yawned and said sleepily, “thanks for the blanket.”
She smiled and nodded once in response to her kindness.
I noticed Solin’s crest of wolfs head and jewel stitched onto the corner of the blanket, I wrapped it around my shoulders tighter and sat back down. “Solin Seri, she is a good friend of yours?”
She turned to look at me. “Yes, you could say that, although our relationship is also very much a professional one of course. But yes, we became great friends and shared much together for we had much in common and we found our interests complimented each other nicely.”
I nodded, “so how come you were in the far north just at the right time to save her from the Ognod’s as she described in her story?”
She sat back and looked up towards the brightening sky. “I was in the employ of the Grûndén King for a while. In fact I was living in Gwéldølĩn with the Grûndén at the time. On many occasions I was tasked to travel north to take a look at the Ognods lands and to report back to the Grûndén any unusual activity that may be going on.”
“You are brave Seri, I don’t think I could have gone up there all alone on an errand to spy, the risks must have been immense, what would have happened if you were caught?”
“Well, I was not alone Mini, at least not normally, I had another with me most times, another ranger, it would be foolish to go alone I think. But on that occasion he, the other ranger that is, had travelled elsewhere on other business, we deemed the danger for me would be minimal for the Ognod population that far north was reported very low. I should have been able to easily avoid contact with them.”
I repeated my question. “So what were you doing that far north, you weren’t seeking that same temple were you?”
“Not exactly no, I was trying to ascertain just what Ognod activity there was in the area. I had been in the region for several days and had no contact with the Ognods in all that time. Earlier on the day of which Solin spoke I had come across what I thought was an Ognod hunting party and followed them in the hope they would lead me to their encampment and I could see just how many there were. But of course I later discovered at the same time as coming across Solin, that in fact these Ognods were not out hunting at all but were in fact the temple guards. This roused my curiosity and so I followed them. I couldn’t work out why the Ognods deemed guarding such a dilapidated temple as so important so I kept watch. The guards never stayed in one place, for some reason they stayed clear of the temple as much as possible, they spent most of the daytime walking up and down the length and breadth of the valley. In the night time they always made camp as far from the temple as possible. Well I watched and waited and when they attacked and killed two other Ognods my curiosity was roused. The rest I think you know.”
“But why would they attack their own kind?”
She shrugged. “Well Ognod society is a strange one, it is based very much around smaller clans, it seems that certain clans do not suffer others for some reason. Obviously these temple guards had instructions not to allow any others in sight of the temple, or maybe an old feud governed their actions. Who knows.”
“No wonder Solin’s Ognod escort did not want to go any nearer the temple.” I shook my head thinking about such unsolicited violence especially between those of the same race. This would, could never happen in my own T’Iea society. “So after you escorted Solin back to Amentura?”
“Well, Solin had the artefacts, the cylinder and picture, she was anxious they should not fall back into Ognod hands. She also wanted to investigate them and this she could not do on the road. So I said that I would escort her as far as the Grûndén city under the mountain. From there she should have an easy journey south over the Tolle’Ambrunista, especially if she travelled with one of the regular parties of Grûndén that go that way.
We made it to the Grûndén city of Gwéldølĩn where I met my ranger partner who had returned from his trip. During the time we spent in Gwéldølĩn with Solin, he seemed to become very interested in her and they struck up a good friendship, for he too had an interest in ancient artefacts and the history of ages past. When she left to head south he insisted on going with her as a guide. For some reason I thought I would go as well, I don’t know why, it was like some warning, some premonition an itch if you like. So when she asked that I to accompany her I agreed to do so.”
Before I could ask anything else Seri remarked on how she could smell breakfast being prepared below and she stood and walked over to the steps and disappeared below decks. I followed her a few minutes later. I wanted to ask further questions, but Seri started to converse with Jon, so I just concentrated on eating and drinking my fill.
At certain times Tnie would go down below deck and consult his charts to make sure we were on course, the first time he needed to do this he called Jondris to him and after giving him some instruction Jondris sat at the helm with his hands on the wheels keeping our course using the compass. The first time this happened Jondris seemed less than confident about flying the machine and several times we felt a jerk as he inadvertently moved one of the wheels by taking his hand off to scratch his nose or shift into a more comfortable position. But as the journey went on Jondris found himself getting more adept at the controls and his confidence grew. At these times I couldn’t help but smile as the beads of sweat on Jondris’s brow testified to the poor man’s level of concentration.
We flew on for a further day and a half. I marvelled at the sheer size of the ocean beneath us, if it took this long to fly over the ocean between the continents at great speed, how long must it take to go by ship? I think I preferred the relatively short trip by air rather than the long way by ship.
Early one morning Jondris was again at the controls and Tnie had gone below to study the charts once more, so I thought I would go below and see what progress we were making.
When I got down into the hold Tnie was indeed leaning over the chart table with a measurement stick, his thoughts deep in his calculations. I approached and stood by his side so that I also could see the charts. 
“Are we close?” I asked,
Tnie looking up at me replied, “well as near as I can calculate we are well over three quarters of the distance across the ocean, we should see distant land later this afternoon if all goes well.” He pointed out the coastline on the charts. 
“You must be excited by your return home,” I pointed out, 
Tnie just smiled and resumed his study of the chart. 
While I had his attention I thanked him for the use of his vessel.
He gave a laugh and said, “you are more than welcome my lady, but alas the vessel does not belong to me. These machines are expensive to build and common folk like me can never own one, they are a reserve of the ruling class in Scienocropolis.” 
“Then who does this one belong to?” I asked. 
Tnie just apologised and excused himself and said that he needed to concentrate on flying the craft, saying something about Jondris being a novice he lowered the goggles back over his eyes and turned from me to return above to the controls. I followed him up onto the deck.
As we exited from the hatchway I heard an excited cry and Serinae could be seen pointing ahead of us, Jondris was peering forward as well. Tnie looked towards where they were gazing and suddenly ran to a locker on the side of the deck and got out a long tube which he extended and after raising his goggles onto his forehead, brought this tube up to his eye and looked through it. I also looked in the direction they were pointing in the hope that I could see what was causing all the excitement. I could make out a small dark dot against the blue sky in front of us.
“What is it?” I asked.
Tnie withdrew the tube from his eye and thrusting it at me said, “here take a look.”
I grasped the tube and bringing it up to my eye could see nothing, just a blue blur. But then something black flashed across my field of vision, I struggled to move back to a position where I could again see this object. I withdrew the tube from my eye and glanced at the dark spot that was bigger now, then keeping my gaze on the object slowly brought the tube back to my eye. I gasped as I could now make out very clearly another gnome flying machine, the view of the machine was head on, it was obviously flying directly towards us. I could make out several figures on deck, one had a similar tube raised in front of his eye and was quite obviously looking directly at us. Then the view was lost to me as our airship moved violently beneath my feet and I was forced to drop the tube from my eye as I had to grasp the hand rail to stop myself from falling to the deck. I noticed Jondris standing now and grasping onto the side of the vessel, Łĩnwéé was sprawled upon the deck and Tnie was back at the control wheels. He was still moving them sharply this way and that, little wonder that the vessel had pitched so violently beneath our feet. Before I could exclaim any comment or shout any word of complaint we were engulfed in a white mist, I could feel wet water droplets on my face. I felt a little panic rise in my breast for looking about I could see nothing in any direction more than a few meters away. Then it occurred to me that we had flown into a bank of cloud. 
Łĩnwéé was picking himself off the deck he was ranting and raving at Tnie, shouting about stupid stunts and giving no warnings.
Tnie just looked ahead a grim expression upon his face, he said, “I am sorry, but I think it best we are not seen or our mixed company noted before we reach the city.”
“Why?” I asked.
“We Pnook live almost entirely alone on the continent of the Rust desert, we do not see many visitors from the other races, this solitude has made us mistrusting of outsiders I’m afraid, so I think it better that the Pnook authorities are not made aware of our intent to travel to Scienocropolis, at least not until it is absolutely necessary.”
We remained within the cloud bank for a time. Everything had a silvery shine to it for the water had condensed and settled upon every surface including me and my companions. Jondris looked quite funny as tiny water droplets had formed upon his bushy eyebrows and moustache. The same for Łĩnwéé his long beard was silver and glistening for the same reason.
As we came out of the clouds I noticed we were much lower and the ocean was much closer than it had been all the way across on our journey. I also noticed that beneath us the ocean was changing, whereas before the waters were a deep blue colour suggesting great depth, with white crested waves upon the surface being the only gauge given to the eye of the height we were flying at. The waters below were getting lighter in colour. On occasions the silver sheen of immensely large schools of fish could be seen clearly swimming close to the surface. Once several monster fish could be seen much to the excitement of all aboard, these creatures moved sluggishly and from time to time would dive below the surface only to reappear later and blow out a great cloud of what looked like steam from a hole in the top of their head. I asked if anyone knew what these vast creatures were, no one came up with a plausible answer.
Then ahead I could make out a red hew amongst the blue of the water. As we approach over this red colour I could discern what looked like a coloured red dye in the water, this dye lay in patches. Some large some small but increasing in quantity as we flew onward.
Then all of a sudden Tnie cried out and pointing to the horizon ahead he remarked excitedly, “there, there it is, the continent of the Rust Desert, the land of my people.” 
I followed his pointing finger and gradually after wiping my eyes to remove the excess water in them caused by the wind of our speedy travelling, I could begin to see a line of deep red on the horizon. Land, yes it was land. As we got closer I could see immense cliffs rising abruptly from out of the ocean, many hundreds of metres high, all of them the deepest red colour like iron left outside in the rain, stained red from too much wet and not enough oil cloth. I could see a gap in the cliffs where what looked like water, water dyed red, cascading into the sea, the sediment that the water carried turning the sea red. It occurred to me that this was what I could see earlier, the red coloured staining in the water.
I looked at the water fall and said, “well if we can get that water cleaned up, at least we will not go thirsty.” 
Tnie then laughed and replied, “Mini that is not water you see, yes it looks like a cascade of water from the face of the cliff, but there is no water, at least that I know of, in the great Rust Desert. What you see is a fine dust pouring out like water, in fact it is so fine it flows like water.” 
I looked again, but it still looked like water to me.
“Those are not water falls but dust falls, each grain is very small and a perfect sphere and so dense it weighs a similar amount to a similar sized drop of water, the result is that the substance flows like water, if we can get a cup of it I will show you.”
“Where does it come from,” I asked, “surely it is not like rain that falls from the sky and forms into rivers?” 
“That’s a good question,” was his response, “for you see far inland the winds take up the sand and grind them together into finer and finer grains until they become like a fine powdery dust. This dust flows together and then cascades into cracks in the earth formed between other types of rock and flow down where subterranean dust rivers flow slowly but surely out of the continent and into the sea as you beheld over the cliffs.”  
I pondered this for a while then added, “but that must make this land terribly unstable and difficult to rely on for any length of time for building upon, how do you ensure the safety of your buildings foundations surely you cannot rely on the earth to support any heavy constructions at all?”
Tnie smiled and said, “you are correct, but long ago we Pnook came up with a unique solution to that problem, we are a very ingenious race you know, you will see, I will say no more for the time being.”
 

Chapter 13 Beyond the Trad Ocean

Extract from ‘The Woe of Mankind’ by Solin De’Teinde.
So in their ignorance mankind made enemy of mankind and the inventiveness and knowledge they had accumulated and coveted for so long turned against them. This power became more important than survival itself. Forgiveness, love, and friendship fell by the wayside and jealousy, conceit, revenge and retribution drove the minds of humans. In his madness and arrogance human fought human upon the world. Terrible in its destruction was the war. The knowledge that was used to build was now used recklessly to destroy. Millions died at the whim of a few and even after all the politicians and governments where gone, even after the armies lay crushed, obliterated upon the battlefields, the legacy, the destructive technology, the automated weaponry, continued to rain destruction upon the world until each and every tool of war was either destroyed or its energy totally spent.
Human Kind had all but wiped itself from the face of the world and in its wrath had condemned the world along with it. That which was created in great love and taken a thousand million years to evolve was destroyed in hatred in but the span of a comparative moment.
~

Eventually after Tnie had slowed the craft to a stop and taken a compass bearing to the next waypoint, we left the blue waters of the Trad behind us and flew over the red cliffs across dry land once again. The cliffs were high, for it seemed like we had lost many metres in altitude from being over the Trad Ocean to then flying above the Rust Desert, it was as if the land rose upwards to meet us.
At first I found my interest heightened, I spent many hours looking over the side of our vessel at the immensity of the red sands beneath us. It seemed to me we had swapped the vast blue expanse for an equally large red one. But as we flew on, the view became increasingly monotonous, never changing, always the same featureless red sands day after day. There was nothing here but an endless wasteland. At least over the blue ocean I could look out for strange sea creatures or watch the white tops of the waves in continuous motion, even smile at the frolics of the sea birds as they dove and wheeled about. In stark contrast no life existed here, it was just featureless red sand, unmoving and completely sterile.
But just as I was about to give up I spied something below that looked odd. As we drew closer I began to see a peculiar looking structure. More appeared every now and again. Some large, some smaller but all looking like giant metal skeletons sticking out of the dust. Some reminded me of hands stretched upward reaching out of the dust in an attempt to grab hold of anything that may be able to pull the rest of the body from the clinging sands. One I saw looked remarkably like the one forming the main part of the body of the machine in which we flew, but far, far larger and somewhat more complex. I was going to mention this to Tnie but as I turned to ask him a strong gust of wind buffeted against us and the flying machine groaned under the force as it was blown sideways one way, then back the other way. I was getting quite frightened by the violent movement and my stomach was starting to seriously consider discharging this morning’s meal. I looked around at Tnie; he was fighting the controls of his infernal machine obviously trying to keep us on a steady course. Jondris was already at his side attempting to help keep the controls on a level, but even his strength was not winning against the natural force. It was not a single force applying pressure in any one constant direction, but many separate forces all chaotically shifting about, left, right, up, down and in every other direction in between. Eventually after what seemed like hours, the winds, for that is what they were, seemed to die away and we were again left in peace to fly in straight level flight again.
Tnie sighed and sat back in the control chair wiping sweat for his brow.
As we travelled we encountered many such violent winds, some worse than others. After flying out of a particularly bad one Serinae finally releasing her grasp of the side of the machine asked if it was possible to avoid such winds in the future. Perhaps if we flew higher?
Tnie responded, “unfortunately to fly any higher would bring us into the even stronger winds that blow constantly a few hundred metres above the desert. The dark sands heat up during the day and react with the cold ocean currents travelling south along the coast. The result is a turmoil of winds, luckily they stay above the desert, but sometimes pockets of changing air pressure force them downwards and the compressed air tries to escape in any direction it can. I’m sorry but to fly higher would invite far more danger.
I thought of the wrecked craft I had seen earlier decaying in the sands.
But Tnie seemed to brighten and said with a smile, “we are getting close.” 
Jondris asked the question on all our lips saying, “close to what?”
“Why my home city of course, to Scienocropolis the city of the Pnook,” said Tnie with a smile. 
I looked out over the parapet and glanced all around trying to see a city or any kind of structure that would look like a building, but I could see none, just the endless red desert interspersed with those skeletal metal sculptures. I asked where the city could be.
“All will become plain,” said Tnie. 
Łĩnwéé threw up his arms in response to this and uttered, “gagh!” 
“I’m sorry,” said Tnie, “but all will be explained soon enough, you will see, it is easier for the eyes to explain than the ears to hear a confusing explanation, believe me.” 
As we travelled forward a sound could be heard, faint at first but ever present. But what began as a whisper became a persistent but still quiet roaring sound. It could be heard from every point on the flying machine. The roaring sound got louder that day and into the night. I, like all my companions, were troubled by this, but Tnie repeatedly kept telling us that we should not worry. Sometime during my slumber I slowly became vaguely aware of something nagging at my brain, some sense was trying to get through to me, to warn me of impending danger, slowly I became aware that it was my hearing trying to shake me into consciousness, and I awoke with a start. The first thing I became aware of was an unmistakable roaring noise, not deafening but certainly loud enough to give me some concern. The next thing I was aware of was Serinae's eyes on me and I turned to see her holding out her hand to help me get up and stand, “you have to come and see this Mini.” 
I reached out my hand and grasped hers, and as she pulled me to my feet she turned and looked out across the desert, she pointed forward of our craft. Once I was standing next to her I followed her gaze, I gasped in some surprise, for in the low morning light, ahead of the craft all I could see was a cliff wall, red and high and looking very similar to the one we flew over on coming across the continent from out over the ocean. I surmised we were still some distance from the impenetrable mass as it didn’t look to be becoming any closer as we sped along. I glanced at Tnie still at the controls of the craft with his goggles pulled down over his eyes. He was humming some kind of tune and I turned back to look at the view in front of us.
I went below for some breakfast, when I came back on deck the morning light was somewhat brighter, the sun had risen and was shining brightly upon the cliff face in front of us. Serinae gave me the spy glass through which I had seen the other gnome flying ship earlier and I brought this up to my right eye and stared through the lens at the cliff face that so clearly now rose in front of us. The view was very hazy and I thought to adjust the instrument as I had been shown, so I could make out the cliffs more clearly, but no amount of adjustment seemed to bring the cliff wall into sharp focus. I thought maybe some dust had built up on the lenses of the instrument and tapped it sharply on the parapet of our vessel. Trying again to see with some clarity I was dismayed to find that the view was no better. But then I saw something that made me start, I could see movement, rapid movement against the wall of the cliffs, it seemed that the cliff walls were all moving in one direction horizontally. At first I could not fathom this out, but then I realised that what I was seeing was a gigantic sand storm. It was vast, seemingly stretching from horizon to horizon clear across the path on which we were flying, the sand was moving at an enormous speed and there must be billions upon billions of tons of the stuff all flying about. I couldn’t imagine the power of the wind that could result in such a phenomenon. It was as if the wind had whipped up a wall of sand purposely barring our progress. I could not see where this wall started or ended and it was obviously extending thousands of metres into the air. 
“Observe,” shouted Tnie suddenly, “the Great Eternal Maelstrom.” 
“Yes,” I shouted back, “but what is it?”
Laughing he shouted back, “it is the most fantastic thing, a circular wind a thousand kilometres across, constant in speed and direction, it is caused by the great engines of Scienocropolis and provides an impenetrable barrier to all those that would seek to assail the home of the Pnook. Quite a defensive structure don’t you think?”
“Engines? What great engines?”
Tnie laughed gleefully, “you will see, oh yes m’lady, you will see.”
“But it is directly in our way; surely we cannot fly through it we will be torn to shreds in seconds.”
“Ah yes you are right Mini, and we will not be flying through it, for there is only one way to the other side. We will have to fly over it!”
“Over it?” exclaimed Łĩnwéé a look of horror on his face.
“Why yes, we must, to reach the city. To fly over that is the only way, the city lies within.” 
“Oh great.” I thought the city of our destination is the other side of that storm, I vowed never to eat on this craft again, I could already feel the gut wrenching spasms of my stomach complaining at the violent and unnatural movements we must endure if we flew anywhere near to that storm. 
“Can’t we fly around? What about the winds you spoke about earlier that blow higher above the desert?” Jondris asked, already I suspect knowing the answer. 
“No, if we were to fly around we would just end up back here again, there is no gateway, no entrance through the storm, it is a circular wind and the city lies in the centre. Over is the only way. Oh and don’t worry there are special features that will allow safe passage and protection from the strong winds that you describe. Do not fear it is a journey I have made many times before.” 
We were much closer to the maelstrom now, so close in fact that I could perceive the movement of dust and air with the naked eye. 
“How close are we?” I shouted. 
“Oh about thirty kilometres I would say,” was the answer. “We don’t have to get much closer, in fact we can’t get much closer without risking the safety of the flying ship and our own life and limb.” 
What then was the plan I wondered, if we couldn’t get any closer than thirty kilometres how were we ever going to get over? I felt sure we would be destroyed, yet Tnie did not seem to worry in the slightest, so I resolved to place my trust in his experience and expertise.
Just at that moment Tnie changed our course to run parallel with the wall of wind and dust and it was obvious he was starting to look out for something, what I could not imagine. We continued this flight for a few hours, the wall of wind and dust to our right the red desert to our left, and then suddenly Tnie gave an excited shout and pointed toward the prow of the craft. Everyone came to look forward. At first I could not make anything out. But then ahead I saw it. There, some distance away was another maelstrom, much smaller than the one to our right but never the less still a fast-moving wind whipping up numerous tons of sand and dust from the desert below. It looked like a funnel, completely separate from the massive wall of sand to our right. It too though was sucking the sands into the sky and dispersing them as a red cloud high above our heads. I glanced questioningly at Tnie who gleefully smiled at me in reply for our course took us directly towards the smaller maelstrom.
“There yes, you see it, the smaller funnel of wind, the tornado? That is a side wind, they form naturally when the wind speed on the outside of the big maelstrom drops slightly. It is caused by the air flowing around the outside warming up in the sun. The air on the inside stays cooler but flows faster, so a spinning effect occurs. These maelstroms are formed and are squeezed out of the side.”
But before I could utter any kind of concern Tnie shouted to all of us to get dressed in the protective leather coats and helmets he had given us before we took flight from Amentura. We retrieved the gear from below decks and all started to don the gear on the deck above. By now we were getting quite close to the Tornado, the sound of the rushing wind and the colliding grains of sand were quite deafening. I had on the leather cloak which covered me from head to foot along with the face mask and I instinctively put up the hood of the cloak and drew upon a cord that tightened it around my chin. The sound of the winds diminished dramatically, and for this I was thankful. But my nose wrinkled at the smell that assaulted it for the inside of the suit smelled of tanned lather, a bit like stale urine, mixed with just as stale sweat and the sickly acidic smell of vomit. My stomach churned. Tnie pointed at his back and it became apparent that each cloak had a large pocket at the rear and on investigation I found a stout pair of gauntlets of the same material as the cloak, these I placed over my hands. I glanced at my companions; we all sat there looking like so many sacks of grain. No sooner had we all sat back down along the sides of the machine, Tnie shouted a warning for us to hold on tight. We were plunged into darkness as we entered the smaller but still mighty sandstorm that was the Tornado.
All hell broke loose. Protected by the heavy overalls I could safely look out at the storm as it engulfed us. I could barely see my hand in front of me for the wind contained so much sand and grit it was like looking through the haze of a murky silt laden river. Remarkably I could not feel the full power of the wind, I later assumed this was because we were moving at the same speed and direction as the wind or at least nearly the same speed, the remainder of the force was taken out by the heavy cloaks we were wearing. The most horrible part of the whole experience was the feeling in the pit of my stomach, I had felt this before when we rose out of the hanger in Amentura, but this was far worse, it was obvious we were rapidly rising. 
I don’t know how long we were in the wind but all of a sudden Tnie pulled a large lever at his side and a slatted metal vane appeared to rise on the opposite side of the vessel like a silver sail, as it rose higher and higher the machine started to buck around violently, then I could feel the vessel starting to tip as the slatted sail caught the flow of wind on that side. Obviously the metal vane as it rose was changing the way that the wind was affecting the flight path of the vessel, for once the vane stopped moving and I assumed therefore was extended fully, we seemed to slip sideways and all of a sudden were plunged into brilliant daylight, again I thanked the tinted glass of the face mask for the sudden increase in sunlight did not hurt my eyes and my vision remained good.
But in hindsight, perhaps it would have been better if my vision was impaired, because on looking over the side of the vessel I gasped and gripped the gunwale until my fingers must have turned white for we have increased our height tenfold. We were now far above the desert, thousands of metres above everything, indeed a short distance away the maelstrom in which we had travelled looked like a dark tunnel for we were higher than the gapping open mouth at its apex. From this height we could look down inside the tubular structure of wind, sand and grit in which we had just travelled as it snaked down towards the ground. Looking across the desert I then realised we were also much higher than the lip of the massive circular maelstrom that surrounded the city. It was like looking down on a black billowing cloud of moving smoke. But we were right above the curved moving wall and moving across it! The smaller maelstrom had taken us up and right over the great maelstrom! Then we started to descend rapidly and I closed my eyes.
We must have only fallen for a few seconds but it was enough, as soon as we felt stable once again I tore off the hood and face mask and turning I knelt on the bench and vomited over the side of the machine. I was not the only one either. Jon who seemed to be the only one apart from Tnie to remain unaffected busied himself by gathering up as much of the gear as he could and made to stow it away again in the lockers below. When I started to feel better I noticed a glint of sunlight reflecting on something and for the first time saw an ornate brass fitting upon the lip of the rail that ran around the ships side. Jon had obviously seen this to because he hesitated for a moment and then ran his fingers over this fitting. I suddenly realised that actually it was the same clasp I had noticed once before but where as originally it had appeared dull and discoloured it was now shining like a new pin. I looked around our vessel and suddenly realised that it looked shining and new, lots of ornate fittings, metal shapes that before had just faded into the general grubby look of the vessel could now be seen all shining and new looking. I marvelled at this and then it dawned on me the whole vessel and everything in it had been blasted by such force by those tiny fragments of sand and grit that it had taken all the tarnish off the metal fittings and fixtures which all now shone as new.
I laughed, it was remarkable. “Well,” I said to Tnie, “at least you will not have to clean the vessel before returning it to its owner.”
He gave an awkward smile in return.  


Chapter 14 The Gnome City

Extracts from ‘The Anthropology of the Elder Races’ by Solin’De’Teinde.
Then there are the Pnook. Known as the Gnomes in the common tongue and by the race of men.
The Pnook are makers of automaton, the sciences are what they crave, a hunger for technology - at any cost. They are a diminutive, slight of build for they have no need of muscle, they appear as children to the other races, for they have dwindled in physical stature, preferring that their machines and technology do the physical work for them. Such reliance on their inventions became their downfall. The Pnook had become arrogant, believing in their own inventiveness and what they thought was their superiority through powerful technologies. They built, their iron clad machines of war that crawled along the ground, their flying machines, that could rain death upon their adversaries, their tubes that spat fire and steam, the whirring of the devices that moved their metal armour. But even machines can be stopped by a basic ingenuity and even captured and turned against their makers. The Pnook fell before the Ognod hordes; all fell silent against the onslaught. The Pnook were forced to retreat, facing utter defeat. So in final desperation they used their great ships of war to take them across the Great Trad Ocean and beyond. The Ognods banged their swords against their shields in mockery at the fleeing Pnook race.
~

Looking further into the distance my breath was taken away for there was something I had not expected to see. Beyond the lip of the great circular maelstrom in its very centre and stretching out as far as the eye could see and below was a vast city. The whole immense metropolis was laid out in a crisscross pattern, numerous squares of buildings each surrounded by a roadway. Every building made form a silvery grey material, every road the same. 
“Behold,” said Tnie with a great pride sounding tone to his voice. “Scienocropolis the sky city of the Pnook.”
My eyes again fell upon the city below in silent awe, never had I seen anything like it, no town I had ever been in compared to the sheer size of the place and the way it looked. But we were now over the outer perimeter the air became perfectly still at last. The sun beat down upon us from on high. The shadows of the grey buildings were short. I then noticed that all the buildings on the outer perimeter of the city were in bad repair, many had no roofs and the walls had collapsed into ruin. The city was impressive but there was something very wrong here, I didn’t know what, but I just got the feeling that everything was not as it should be. I then noticed that those buildings on the very edge of the city had actually toppled over the edge of the land on which the city was built if indeed land it was. This appeared to be a continuing process, for below the edge of the city and lying on the red sands below were many large pieces of the unfortunate buildings that had met with this fate.
This wreckage was quite dense below the edge of the city and it was quite clear as to what it was, as if those buildings had fallen over relatively recently. As I looked out into the desert back towards the maelstrom, the wreckage got less and less I suspected that erosion had taken its toll upon the wreckage. I was reminded of the skeletal remains lying on the desert sands we had passed over before first setting our eyes on the great maelstrom, but surely this city wasn’t so big at one time to have encompassed those remains to. No, that wreckage must have been from some other source surely. I wondered at that moment just how old this city must be and how much bigger it may have been when it was first built, before its edges had started to be eroded away perhaps by the very wind we had passed over. I resolved to ask Tnie about it when I next had the chance. For now though Tnie was busying himself flying our craft and at the same time taking in all he could see below, but although his pride in his race and their achievements was obvious, I was not so sure he was that overjoyed to be home.
I turned to Serinae; she also was looking down at the vista that lay below. "Not a single tree in sight, not any greenery to behold across the whole city.”
I looked back at the cityscape below, I had noticed the same perhaps subconsciously and a dreadful loathing came over me, for I felt a dislike for this place already, how different it was to my T’Iea homeland. I felt a little homesick, this travelling on adventures was not exactly all that I assumed it would be. But I tried to tell myself that all the races were different, individual needs and habits would be also very different. I tried to tell myself that we were destined to come here, we had a task to do and do it we would. Perhaps if we accomplished it quickly we could be on our way back home.
We were gradually reducing our altitude and looking across the city I perceived that the tops of the taller building in the city centre still many kilometres distant appeared to be higher than we now were. Above these towering buildings small dots in the sky could be seen, were they birds? I suspected not as there were no trees for any to roost or shelter and the desert afforded no food or water for them. I suddenly thought that these actually must be flying machines similar to the one in which we now travelled. Most seemed to be going to or from the central part of the city.
A jerk suddenly warned me that we were changing direction and at the same time the pit of my stomach let me know that we were also going down far quicker than we were, we were in fact losing height rapidly. Then I saw not far below an open area between the wrecked buildings. Around the outside of this area several low circular buildings were erected, similar to the one we had left behind in Amentura. I assumed that these buildings or what was left of them, were also for storing flying machines whilst they were on the ground as the nose portion of such a machine could be clearly seen through the open doors in the roof of one of the buildings. On closer inspection though I noticed that the doors were in fact hanging off their hinges, not open as I originally thought, much of the roof had collapsed inwards no doubt rendering the machine inside damaged and probably beyond use. My attention then widened to the general area about the landing site and I was disappointed to note that this whole section of the city was in a terrible state of disrepair and quite obviously uninhabited.
A slowing of our descent followed by a soft bump heralded our landing upon the ground, well at least close to it for the craft was in fact hovering as it had been back in the building in Amentura. I found my thoughts turning to relief and joy that after so many days and nights in the air I would soon feel firm ground again beneath my feet. Glancing around at my fellow travellers confirmed that many of obviously them felt the similarly.
Tnie spoke first, "welcome my friends to Scienocropolis, I hope your stay here will be pleasant and productive.”
We eventually found ourselves gathering our belongings and disembarking the flying ship and we all stood at last within the city of Scienocropolis all be it amongst the sadly derelict looking area around the outer district of the city for complete ruin was all I could see around me. Tnie switched the buttons by the eyelet that I had noticed in Amentura before embarking on our journey. No doubt he wanted to render the air ship immobile so that it couldn’t be blown around and maybe get damaged.
Jondris said, "thank you Tnie for getting us here safely, I doubt we would have made the journey without you and your flying machine, we certainly would not have made it across the desert and then been presented with the impenetrable wall of the maelstrom. Your knowledge and kindness have been invaluable.”
At this Tnie bowed low towards Jondris.
But Jon however then asked, “but why have we landed here in such an uninhabited place? Why not go further into the city, for surely what we seek is to be found there, surely not amongst such dereliction as this.” 
I must admit I found myself agreeing with these words. Tnie looked a little sheepish at this but suddenly brightened up and said, “I thought it best to land here so that I could answer any questions you may have about city before you went on into the main central area.” 
I considered and thought this a good idea as none of us save Tnie had been here before. At this Serinae turned to Tnie and said, “You? Is it not your intention to go with us master Pnook?”
Tnie shuffled about on his feet, he looked away from Serinae’s questioning glare. “I …. I cannot. Don’t ask me why, just believe it when I say I must wait for you here.”
Here he trailed off looking beyond where we stood his expression one of fright. We all turned slowly to see what he was looking at and before anyone could say a further word several Pnook strode into the area. I gasped for each Pnook stood higher than me, I would only stand with the top of my head to their waists, for each was strapped inside a metal construction that extended his limbs so that every movement he made whether walking or gesturing, even moving a single finger was replicated by the metal construction surrounding him. I later was to discover that these metal contraptions were a military invention called exoskeleton armour the main purpose was to increase the size and strength of the Pnook soldier within many, many times. I could see the Pnook in front of us carried an overly large weapon of some kind in one hand and in the other a tube like device connected to tanks upon their backs, I was to later discover these were a terrifying weapon that discharged liquid flame that engulfed the target instantly. All these weapons were trained upon us currently in a menacing manner. Even Serinae was taken by surprise for she looked as shocked as everyone else at the sight of the heavily armed soldiers now surrounding us looking menacing and as if they were just waiting for us to give the slightest excuse so that they might open fire upon us.
Then through the ring of Pnook soldiers in exoskeleton armour came others some thirty in number this time walking upon their own feet. In the centre of this group stepped a Pnook with no weapons in his hands. He approached us without the look of suspicion that appeared on the face of his fellows for he was obviously in command of the group. He glanced at each of us in turn with a frown. Then he stepped to one side looking around Jondris. Jondris looked behind him and stepped to one side, there stood Tnie no longer hiding behind the broad back of my human friend.
The eyes of the Pnook officer met with Tnie’s. A wry smile appeared on his lips as he said, “well, well look who's here, if it’s not Tnie. You have a nerve showing up here again Tnie, you are either very brave or very foolish. But you know that I must place you under arrest along with your companions here for I assume they are accomplices of yours.”
At this startling revelation he then gestured at the gnomes around him that were on foot. Ten of them slung their weapons over their shoulders and approached us removing what was obviously some kind of restraint mechanism from their belts. With a soft whirring sound each of the gnomes in exoskeleton armour took up position surrounding us and looking down upon us, took careful aim with their projectile weapons and I just knew they would not need a lot of encouragement to fire upon us.
All of a sudden Łĩnwéé cried out and shouted, “ye’ll nay place those things on my arms, ye little swabs.” 
He struck out at the nearest Pnook with an iron gauntleted fist, the unfortunate little man caught the full force of the blow to his chest and was flung backward clear off his feet and fell heavily against a low broken wall a few metres away. I was afraid that the little man may have been killed, but a groan issued from his lips and I was relieved that in fact he was still alive all be it with a number cracked ribs. Just then all hell broke loose and the Pnook that were on foot retreated out of reach of Łĩnwéé. I thought about shouting for everything to stop but it was too late for that, two of the Pnook had pulled out some kind of device from a holster and each were pointing these at Łĩnwéé, I didn’t like the look of this, but before any of us could restrain him, Łĩnwéé uttering a growl started to rush at the nearest Pnook. One of the soldiers in exoskeleton armour leapt forward and grasped Łĩnwéé by the shoulders and pushed him to the ground. Poor Łĩnwéé was struggling, but it was obvious that even his strength could not overcome that exerted by the exoskeleton armour. Łĩnwéé was grunting with his exertions, the exoskeleton armour was whirring in response. Suddenly there was a sound, a crackling noise accompanied by a red jerking line of energy that looked just like a lightning bolt striking the ground from far above, but this bolt struck Łĩnwéé square in the chest and he stopped struggling and collapsed unmoving to the ground. The Pnook that had fired the weapon was waiving the tube thing in his hand around menacingly. I wanted to go to Łĩnwéé but I did not want to find out what had happened to him by inviting the same fate. So I had no choice but to stand my ground and offer my outstretched palms in front of me in a gesture of submission. Any reasoning we could put forward to not being restrained in any manner had just been thrown away to the wind. The Pnook officer gestured at his soldiers, the ones with the restraints looking suspiciously at us, but they moved forward and pulling our hands behind our backs placed the restraint mechanism on each of us. Suddenly my hands were immobilised behind me, but not only that I found none of my muscles would respond to my will. I couldn’t move, every muscle in my body became rigid and immobile. To my relief though the muscles that remained active where those of my heart and diaphragm. The rest of my companions also had the same problem I could tell, each had a surprised look, mixed with horror on their faces, at least those I could see for I could not turn my head in any direction to look at those beyond my field of vision.
The Pnook officer produced some kind of small box from a pouch hung on his belt, and said to us, “you will follow me.” 
I would have laughed, if I could, because I knew that following him without control over any of my muscles would be impossible, but then I heard a click emanate from the box the Pnook officer held and all of a sudden my legs started to move involuntarily. I started to walk jerkily in the most ungainly manner and follow the officer as did my companions. I tried to talk but found this muscle activity was impossible, I felt helpless and somehow violated. I noticed that Łĩnwéé was also now wearing the hand restraints and even though he was still stunned unconscious he made to get up and start to follow the captain his head lolled forward and his body bent at the waist, his arms hung limply at each side but still he walked. This was bizarre, we had no control over our own movements and the feeling of helplessness was loathsome.
In this helpless manner we were herded along like sheep, the Pnook oblivious to us most of the time just controlling us with their infernal gadgetry. I could not move my head from side to side so could not see any of my companions apart from those in front of me, I wondered what Łĩnwéé or even Serinae would do once these bonds had been removed, although I didn’t really think her an avenging monster, but never the less I thought she must be seething beneath her normally cool, collected exterior. As we walked I heard a humming above our heads. The noise passed over us heading in the same direction as we were. I was unable to see directly but straining to glance out from the extremities of my vision I could see the airship we had travelled in. I assumed this was also captured and was being flown to wherever we were headed.
We walked this way for some hours through deserted streets. Not deserted because the population remained inside these buildings, but really deserted, no one lived in these outer districts of the city. All the houses were in a terrible state of disrepair, even though some of them lining the streets were large and obviously villas where the rich would once have enjoyed an affluent lifestyle. But no longer, for some of the buildings were completely demolished, others stood with roofless walls. On several occasions slight tremors ran through the ground beneath my feet, sometimes brickwork was dislodged and came tumbling down to hit the ground. All this just reinforced my suspicions that there was something very wrong here.
Sometime later we turned down a wide avenue and as all I could look at was whatever was in front of my vision I was able to make out an abrupt end to the avenue along which we now walked and also an abrupt end to the crumbling buildings that ran alongside. There was a kind of clearing, an open area at the end of the avenue in front of us. It looked like we were coming upon a wide river flowing through the city, the river bank cutting across the road on which we travelled, but I couldn’t see any kind of bridge, at least not from where we were walking perhaps it also had been demolished, or we would turn left or right and follow the river bank or whatever it was that cut across in front of us. I was expecting to see the answer to my thoughts at any moment, but as we got nearer and eventually got to a point that was very close to the end of the buildings I stood aghast. It was not a river that cut right across our path but a vast empty chasm.
The buildings on our side looked to have fallen or partly fallen into this chasm, it looked as if some massive giant had taken a pickaxe and systematically chopped through the buildings and cut a deep channel into the ground. Across this channel on the other side I could see other buildings on the far side that had shared a similar fate. Through my limited peripheral vision I could just make out the chasm itself curving around either side of us into the distance. In front of us across the other side, we could just see a vertical cliff extending downwards below the foundations of the buildings as far as the eye could see, for we were not positioned close enough to the edge so as to get a glimpse of the bottom of the chasm, if indeed such could be seen anyway.
Just then I heard a loud crash and the sound of falling masonry to my left. Also suddenly I felt a jolt in my body as if someone had thrown me to the ground and indeed I found myself on the ground, all my muscles ached terribly as if I’d been running with a heavy weight for miles upon miles. Then just when I thought things couldn’t get worse my whole body seemed to spasm and be wracked in pins and needles, something like that pain combined with a numbness that you get if you have sat on your calf muscles for too long and try to stand up, but this was all over my body. After a while this pain subsided a little and I found that all my muscles had indeed returned to my control, but I felt very weary and fatigued. Lifting my head slightly I could look around and see that all my companions were in the same sorry state. Jondris was closest to me and he was groaning and trying to rub his leg muscles in an attempt to get some life back into them I suspect. But this looked difficult as his hands were still trapped behind his back in the infernal manacles that the soldiers had placed upon us.
Our Pnook guards were standing in a circle around us, some were smiling wickedly. The officer walked forward, the little control box still on its strap around his neck, he raised this and gestured at us, I winced as I thought that the wretched machine was about to be switched back on and I would lose all control over my body again. But no, he said, “I see you have experienced the after effects of our detainee control mechanisms. To show that we gnomes are not completely without sympathy I am willing to allow you to walk without my ‘assistance’. At this a sneer bent his mouth out of shape and he continued, “that is as long as I have your word that you will neither try to escape or attack us.” 
At this Serinae stood forward and said, “that was never our intention right from the start, we came in peace and friendship to talk with your leaders about a grave matter, yet you treat us like enemies, even like animals, this is not how I expected Pnook hospitality to be extended.” 
The officer looked at Serinae, “yet you come to our city with a criminal, one who has a price on his head.” 
At this Serinae looked stunned and I must have looked the same as she said. “Who? Who has a price, I know of nobody in our company that would warrant such fowl behaviour.” 
At this the Pnook captain looked at Tnie who by this time had tried to make his way behind Jondris once again, as I looked at him a very sheepish look came across his face.
The captain still pointing at Tnie said, “there has been a warrant out for his arrest for some time now.” 
Obviously we were all shocked to hear this news, and I recalled how I had felt when Seri first told us we were to travel to Scienocropolis and the thought I had that Tnie was keeping something back from us, well now I knew what. But before any of us could utter a response the officer turned and gesturing to his men to keep an eye on us he walked towards the chasm and reaching inside his tunic brought out a small cylindrical device. This he held out in front of him and depressing a hidden button there was a whooshing sound as something shot out from the tube leaving a trail of smoke behind. It climbed high into the air above the chasm and then exploded with a loud report and started to fall back down leaving a glowing bright orange smoke trail. He then sat on the ground as if resigned to await something.
Before long I could see a movement across the other side of the chasm, as I squinted in the sunlight I eventually could make out a similar craft to the one on which we had recently travelled and had lost, but this one was much smaller and had no room for more than the obvious deck that was in the open air. It was gliding horizontally across the chasm heading straight for us. At this the officer stood and beckoned, our guards also stood and started to indicate that we should move further towards the edge of the chasm directly to where the craft gliding towards us would presumably reach this side.
As we got closer I could see over the edge of the chasm, I was astounded to be able to see more and more of the cliff on the other side, it extended down for a vast distance. I would guess at least a kilometre. It appeared to be made of solid rock, indeed as my eyes became accustomed to the view I could plainly see strata in the rock wall. Every now and again there appeared a black spot on the wall, it occurred to me that this must be a cave, or a tunnel, the surprising thing was that each of these tunnels was perfectly circular, not the sort of thing that occurred in nature so I began to think that these tunnels, if that was what they were may have been crafted somehow by the Pnook for I remembered the tale Tnie told of how this enormous rock platform was built.
But then the wall ended and nothing could be seen below this lower extremity until my eyes fell on the red sands of the desert far below. My head swam with a strong feeling of vertigo for we must have been many kilometres high up above the desert. But by this time the craft I had seen was now docking against the cliff on this side, and the officer beckoned for us to move forward, for we were quite plainly going to board the craft for the purpose I supposed of crossing the vast chasm to the other side.
As he beckoned the officer said, “come. Whatever happens the city will decide your guilt or your innocence, and therefore your fate amongst us.” 
At this he ordered the restraints to be removed from our hands so that we could freely embark upon the craft. So we walked forward and one by one stepped aboard.
As we each stepped down onto the deck of the craft it moved slightly taking a little dip down which was most disconcerting as it felt like it would drop, but some automated feature in the control of the thing readjusted the height of the craft automatically compensating for the increases in weight aboard. When all of us were on board and sitting along the benches that ran along either side; the officer and several guards embarked upon the craft. The captain had a discussion with another Pnook officer that had come across the chasm in the craft and had stepped out and now remained on the edge of the avenue along with what remained of the guards on foot and all of the Pnook soldiers in exoskeleton armour. Once they had finished talking the Pnook gnomes that were obviously staying on this side of the chasm moved off and went back down the avenue the we had come up. Obviously the Pnook maintained a security force on this side of the chasm, I wondered why for no one lived here at least not permanently and there was mothing of any great value to protect.
Once the officer was satisfied he gave the order for one of the crew to cast off and we drifted slowly away from the mooring. As we did so I chanced to look down, there far below was the red sand of the desert. I saw the unbroken redness that I had been used to but like the edge of the city the desert here too was littered with objects, mostly black and silvery-grey wreckage of varying sizes, some very large. It was obvious that the buildings that were originally here before the chasm, the streets and the buildings that was originally here, had all fallen to the desert below and that is what had caused the chasm to come into being. But here unlike the city’s edge, this had not been happening for an extended period of time as most of the rubble and wreckage below looked quite fresh as it was quite clean and not yet covered or discoloured by the fine red dust or eroded by the wind and blasted by the sand until it became the dust itself.
I couldn’t imagine what had caused this, what catastrophic event had resulted in such vast damage to this area of the city. As if to substantiate my thoughts I then heard a loud cracking noise from the place where we had been moored, and looking around quickly I saw a massive steel girder that had been part of one of the buildings overhanging the edge close to us slowly tip on end and slide out from the brickwork that once held it in place. As it slid it gathered momentum and like others on the craft I realised that it was going to slide out and drop perilously close to us or even hit us. I watched in fascinated horror, aware that people were shouting orders or warnings or perhaps both. The gnome that was piloting the craft was adjusting the position of the wheels whilst looking up at the sliding girder. Then with a sudden thundering crash and screeching of stressed metal the girder finally broke free of the brickwork scattering dust and debris in every direction. Once free of its restraints of course it fell and came careering down towards were we hovered.
The pilot of the craft had also anticipated this and we were slowly moving out of the path of the falling girder, but it was now falling faster and faster, the pilot saw this and made a heroic attempt to swing the rear of the craft round and well out of the danger. I closed my eyes and prayed that we would not be hit, but I felt and heard a sickening crunch and a judder as the girder gave our little craft a glancing blow to one side.
The automatic levelling ability of the craft came into play immediately, the motors that kept us aloft whined as they fought to readjust and level our position, but it was obvious that something was not quite right because they over compensated and the deck started to tilt the other way at an increasingly alarming rate. Again shouts could be heard and people started to move from the dipping side of the craft to the opposite side, the side on which I sat. The effect then was to rock the craft back the other way, this was enough to tilt the deck so far that things started to slide down, I lifted my legs up onto the bench to avoid being hit by loose objects sliding about. Then one of the Pnook was struck in the back of the legs by a sliding box, he lost his footing and came careering towards my side of the vessel, he screamed and slid down the tilting deck and unable to stop himself hit the side of the craft and seemed to bounce right over the edge just along from where I sat. I was transfixed with fear as the poor little man was thrown into space. But just then an arm was flung over the side and a strong hand grabbed at the Pnook managing to grab hold of him by one leg just below the knee. It was Jondris, his speed had allowed him to grab the Pnook who now dangled precariously over the edge of the craft, the only thing stopping him from falling to certain death was the precarious hold that Jondris had on his leg. Jondris could not move or even begin to attempt to pull the gnome back on board because the craft was still pitching wildly.
We faced an impossible situation, something had to be done quickly or the hapless Pnook and perhaps even Jondris could be pitched overboard to fall to a certain death. Tnie was on his feet and making his way as swiftly as possible to the centre of the vessel where I could see a hatch, no one tried to stop him through fear that they too would lose their footing and be pitched over the side. Tnie made it to the hatch and eventually managed to slide it open, he reached inside and with sweat beading on his brow managed to adjust something, because after a few seconds the pitching of the vessel slowed and eventually we were stable again. This then allowed Jondris with the help of Teouso to pull the poor unfortunate Pnook back onto the deck and to safety. The pilot slowly manoeuvred us away from the edge of the chasm for fear of more falling debris and we resumed a steady pace, heading towards the far side.

Chapter 15 A Tale of Destruction.

Extract from ‘Scienocropolis the City of the Pnook’ by Solin De’Teinde.
A technological marvel, the pride of the Pnook race, built as a unique bastion safe from any known form of attack, but also a haven for the fleeing Pnook who out of all the races suffered so badly under the Ognod invasion. A city quite literally built from the remains of another. A Phoenix, its silvery wings spread wide against a backdrop of red.
~

It did not take long for the craft to carry us across the gulf. Again, I wondered what had caused such an immense rend in the city, for it was obvious that this abyss had not always been here and some great catastrophe had befallen this area of Scienocropolis, the result of which had made a vast area of the city fall to the desert so far below. I could only hope that the affected area had been unpopulated at the time for I shuddered to think about the loss of life that would have resulted.
As we crossed the abyss I noticed it could be seen stretching to the left and right of us as far as the eye could see, curving around until it could no longer be seen, but I just knew it was still there. I suspected that it went right the way around the city encompassing a circular area. Once we had landed on the other side and all were safely disembarked I glanced at the Pnook officer, he was talking head to head with the Pnook that Jondris had saved, this Pnook was rubbing his leg, the Pnook officer nodded and placed a reassuring hand upon the other others shoulder. I walked over, I felt I could at least ease the poor Pnook’s pain so I did so, at least his leg wasn’t broken, just a few stretched sinews and muscles, easy enough to heal. I then gestured towards the Pnook who had suffered broken ribs when Łĩnwéé had hit him. The officer nodded his consent and I set about resetting the broken bones and administering pain relief, the Pnook seemed thankful as he smiled at me when I was finished. The officer I noted returned the box that took control over us into the pouch on his belt. I felt great relief that it seemed at least we would not be subject to the horrid effects of the box and restraints once again, even though it seemed we may still be bound with hands behind our backs, for the gnome guards again moved towards us with the binding devices in their hands.
The Pnook that had been saved by Jondris stood and putting up his hand gestured for the soldiers to back off and leave us alone. I was expecting the officer in charge to take offence at this but he just turned and walked away.
Serinae stood and addressing the Pnook I had just healed asked, “who are you?” 
He smiled at Serinae and said, “firstly my lady let me thank your human friends here for saving my life,” and turning to Jondris and Teouso he added, “thank you, I owe you a debt of deep gratitude, your swift actions have shown me that you may not be the criminals that we first suspected you to be. However, my father must still make that judgement. Tnie is still an outlaw by the statute of this city and all must obey the laws that govern us all, I’m afraid he must also follow those decrees. But if you give me your word that you will not attempt any hostility towards us and will not try to escape, then in return you will have my word that you will remain unbound.”
We all gave our agreement to his terms. Even though Łĩnwéé grumbled his affirmation with obvious venom. The Pnook then told us a surprising thing he had turned towards Serinae and bowed, “Since you ask My Lady, I am Prince Resen, my father if you have not guessed already is King Tuines who sits on the throne of this city and rules the Pnook world.” 
Tnie who had been standing fell to one knee and with bowed head mumbled something that I could not hear. 
Serinae then said, “well met Prince Resen, but if what you say is true I fear for your uncle, for if his brother, your father, has now become King then I assume the worst. I did not know him but this news, along with the damage to the city we have witnessed today fills me with dread. Forgive me but I would hear of what has become of Scienocropolis and its inhabitants, it has been many years since I heard any news from this part of the world and it sounds as if things have changed dramatically.” 
At this the Prince sat down and bid us all to do likewise, he then started to relate the story as Serinae had requested. 
“Well, where do I start, firstly I suppose I must say that alas, as you suspect the old king, my uncle is dead, along with many of the royal family. Something very ill had befallen us, something that we never thought possible, given the strategic safety we thought we enjoyed. The city was attacked by an army of which we had no prior knowledge; they gained the far perimeter one night without warning. We were taken completely by surprise, and that night the enemy managed to advance inwards quite far. Reports came in from every watch station around the outer perimeter, all the reports said the same, the invaders had the city surrounded and were advancing forward towards the centre of the city. It was to be some hours before we could fully mobilise our small army which had been much reduced over the years because we thought we were beyond attack being the only inhabitants of the Rust Desert and the fact that Scienocropolis floated high above the surrounding land. But there is more. The soldiers that attacked us were abominations of life, half flesh and half machine, they were ruthless in their advance and we did not have sufficient forces to stop them, for it seemed that for every one of the enemy we killed three would take their place.
The king decided to take his personal flight of airships in an effort to drop fire and destruction upon the enemy from the air. Preparations were made and each of the king’s airships was modified for war, something that had not been done for many ages past. Each ship had mounted upon its deck a machine originally designed for peaceful work to cut steel and rock for construction or to melt sand to make construction materials. We knew that to use these machines against our foes was dangerous as they could not be used to discriminate between friend and foe alike, to use such a machine would destroy anything in its path both Pnook and enemy. But the king with heavy heart decided that we must do this or risk the whole city being be lost. It took many hours to prepare the airships, but we worked night and day and eventually the flight took off, about fifty airships in all, the whole of the king’s fleet, each mounting one of the machines.
At first we were quite successful and the enemy was halted, but much of the outlying areas of the city as you saw was already badly damaged in the fearsome fighting. Then after a while the enemy became wise to our attacks and either learnt or were instructed to target our flying machines by concentrating their range weapons upon our craft. Even though it took many shots to bring down a flying ship in this way, our flying machines were not built for war and had little protection, we started to lose many to prolonged enemy fire. Too many air ships were downed and the king recalled what was left back to the city centre through fear that we may have to use them to evacuate the city if the worst occurred. 
To cut a long story short, it was decided to destroy a vast area of the city, the area where the chasm now lies, in the hope that the enemy would also be destroyed in the resulting devastation. The plan was to cause an overload in certain of the engines that form rings around the city deep within the rock base; these engines normally reverse the arcane forces prevalent in the world and enable the city enough lift to hold it in position high above the desert. The destruction of the engines would result in a ring around the city falling to the ground below and taking the enemy with it. The king and near three quarters of those others who volunteered died in the act. My father was the only one of his family to survive; the rest had given their lives for the sake of the people and this city.” 
I could not believe the drastic measure taken by the Pnook; it seemed beyond belief that they could accomplish such a task. I wondered what we would have done if it was a T’Iea city that had been attacked in such a way. Then I had a moment of panic, the force that attacked Corbond and the individual raisers that were overcome in Amentura, all these sounded the same as the description given of the attackers by Prince Resen, what if the T’Iea realm had been attacked already? I would not even know, having been away for such an extended period of time. I now knew about at least three such attacks by this mysterious enemy one of which I had been involved in first hand. This whole thought process disquieted me and I resolved to speak to Serinae about it if the opportunity arose.
But Prince Resen said, “but enough I am anxious for you to reach the city centre, it would be good to get this whole thing to a conclusion and secondly my soldiers tire as they have been on patrol without much sleep for five days, I owe them the rest they deserve.” He gestured towards the Pnook officer who walked across to Prince Resen and saluted. A brief discussion went on between these two.
Once concluded Prince Resen again addressed us saying, “I thank you again, but I must get back to my command. Captain Nuaton will escort you the remaining way to the city centre, so I bid you farewell and take my leave.”

Chapter 16 The City Centre

Extract from ‘Scienocropolis the City of the Pnook’ by Solin De’Teinde.
Many were lost along the route. For the Rust Desert would not suffer passage across it without a heavy toll being paid. The heat, the wind and the treacherous sands took what they may on a whim. If the Pnook had not suffered enough, then they must have despaired at their suffering now.
~

We were under way again continuing our journey towards the centre of the city. It wasn’t long before the empty, derelict buildings we had been used to, began to be replaced by very different looking structures. We became aware of increasing habitation within the buildings either side of the roadway along which we walked. These signs of habitation continued to increase and before long we were quite obviously walking within a densely populated part of the city. Pnook people were everywhere; all going about their daily activities as if nothing out of the ordinary had ever happened here. Some stopped to take notice of our procession, but most ignored us and went about whatever business they had in mind.
I knew from stories that the Pnook were the most industrious of peoples. These tales seemed to be true. Always they seemed to be very intent on carrying out some task, completely of one mind in achieving some unknown goal, as if their very existence depended upon it. I was reminded of termites in a termite mound, each individual having a part to play in the greater good of the colony. That is exactly what it seemed like to me, every Pnook, both male and female seemed to be rushing about oblivious to their surroundings, just wanting to get to wherever they were headed and complete the current task at hand without any interruption or inconvenience. 
How very different these people were from my own race. Not that the T’Iea are lazy, far from it, but unlike my people the Pnook did not seem to stop for anything. No one stood on a street corner chatting to another, no one had the time it seemed to stop for five minutes to pass the time of day, and no one greeted another in passing. All it seemed just walked swiftly looking straight ahead or at the ground in front of their feet. What seemed initially to be curiously different grew as we walked along into an increasing feeling of discomfort within me.
After another hour or so my attention was drawn to the fact that the road upon which we walked, as well as each of the roads leading off it, were becoming obviously wider and wider and the buildings each side of these roads were getting grander and grander, the number of Pnook actually walking the streets began to grow dramatically until it became quite difficult to walk in a straight line because of having to dodge people. Many a time I had to apologise for accidentally hitting someone with my back pack or my elbow. Yet none acknowledged my apologies, as before they just carried on taking not the slightest notice. When I enquired as to where we were, I was told we were entering the finance district of the city. These were the banks, the financial buildings. The people here were wholly concerned on oiling the cogs and wheels of monetary administration within the Pnook world and their city. As these thoughts were passing through my head, our company suddenly stopped and looking around I saw that we were outside a circular building nestled between the larger buildings that made up most of this district of the city. I immediately thought of the airship hangers we had seen. Our Pnook hosts walked forward and opened a large door in the side of this building and we were ushered within. The inside proved to be a single large room, in the centre lay a large horizontal wheel like device flush with the floor level on which we stood. The wheel must have been at least a hundred metres in diameter and I noticed was rotating very slowly, less than walking pace. It was towards this wheel that we were taken and now we stood right on the edge of the stationary part of the floor right before the great turning wheel. I looked around and noticed that at regular intervals around the wall of the building were circular tunnels.
As we waited I began to feel a slight movement of air, at first a slight breeze that just played with loose hairs hanging around my face. But then after a minute or so it became an unmistakeable gust blowing continuously in one direction. This wind was cool and pleasant but had a strange oily sort of smell about it, the odour of machinery I learnt later. I reached up with my hand to stop the loose fronds of my hair from blowing into my eyes and then saw a large form coming out of one of the tunnels at quite a speed. This form was a cylindrical shape all black and shiny with a rounded front and back. As it fully entered the room it slowed dramatically and eventually ended up sitting upon the slowly rotating wheel with its front end towards the centre and its rear end at the outer edge of the wheel on the circumference, I say front and rear but there was nothing really to make me think either end was the front or the rear as they were identical. It looked like a single spoke on the wheel, but as I was watching another of the cylinders entered the room from another tunnel and like its predecessor ended up stationary on the wheel in the same way but about thirty degrees around the circumference from the first cylinder that had appeared. A hissing noise was heard and the whole of both sides of the first cylinder to arrive on the wheel started to open upwards revealing the interior. Inside were several Pnook all sitting on seats that ran along the length of the inside of the cylinder from front to back. Several of them stood and stepped out from the cylinder and made their way along its sides and off the edge of the wheel, they went out of the door of the building and disappeared. However not all the Pnook got out, one remained seated, he was reading a tablet that he held on his lap, he didn’t look up but just carried on reading.
Our Pnook hosts beckoned us to enter the cylinder and take a seat, as we did so I banged my head on the edge of the open door and suddenly realised that the cylinder was designed for much smaller people than me and it was going to be quite cramped for head room. I then thought about poor Jondris and Teouso, I looked at Jon, he had taken a seat, well three seats actually because of his size he was bent over in what looked a somewhat uncomfortable fashion his elbow leaning upon the seat next to the one upon which he sat and his head overhanging the one next to that. Poor Teouso fared little better. Because of this we all took some time to get on board the cylinder and then get settled to a position where the doors could be closed; two times the doors made to close but opened again automatically when they detected an obstruction to their closing correctly. The first time it was Jon’s foot the second time something of Łĩnwéé’s, although I suspect he was trying to be awkward as he smirked and Serinae who ‘sat’ next to him touched his arm and shook her head in a scolding way. In the end much of our gear had to be stowed separately for it took up too much space otherwise. It took a good ten minutes or so to get settled into the tight space. I was glad that no gnomes turned up to add to our number because by the time we were all on board there was not much room for anything or anyone else. But then again I suspected that if any did come to use this cylinder they would probably take one look at what was going on and abandon the idea!
The Pnook that had remained seated was no longer reading his tablet, but was frowning at us in a most unhelpful manner and shaking his head from side to side a look of distain upon his features, little wonder really since he had been jostled and poked numerous times, with many of us apologising as we tried to settle in. But eventually all was in place and the two doors that had opened up along the sides of the cylinder closed successfully. As soon as the doors had closed a light flickered on and began to glow in the interior of the cylinder and illuminate the inside. The Pnook that had been reading shook his head back and forth and eventually began his reading again. He no longer took any notice of us. Then I felt a jerk and we began to move. I could feel the cylinder moving the opposite way to that upon which it had entered the building from the tunnel. I could not see outside but I guessed that what would probably happen is that we were making our way to another of the tunnels in the wall of the room, or maybe even the same one from which the cylinder sprung forth from earlier, there was no way of telling. Our movement continued slowly, but after a few minutes I could feel a smooth acceleration and I guessed that we must be back in a tunnel. The journey was very smooth, no bumps or vibration and this I was pleased about because I just fitted in the space and it seemed to me that if there was the slightest bump I was going to hurt my head or a knee or something as these parts of me were uncomfortably close to the outside shell of the cylinder.
After a few minutes of this, I fidgeted to get more comfortable in my seat, which was near impossible, my mind started to wander and I thought about the tunnel in which we travelled and to what destination we were speeding towards. It was then I thought about the regular round holes in the side of the cliff that we saw whilst at the edge of the chasm where we had boarded the small flying boat. It suddenly dawned on me that these tunnels must extend all over the city and must be a very efficient and quick means of transport to and from different districts. I looked around the interior of the cylinder, there was not much to see, but I noticed a sort of picture frame hanging at an angle on the wall at the end of the cylinder. There was quite obviously a clock device checking off the time as it went by and below this clock a row of Pnook letters or characters spelling out a word or words, this would change as flaps would fall across the others to change the word. I became fascinated with this device. I noticed Seri kept glancing up at the words as they changed and after such a change she fidgeted and gathered her belongings as if expecting to rise and walk, we were sitting back-to-back and I touched her shoulder.
She turned and said, “I suspect that we have arrived at our destination.”
I was about to ask where we were when Serinae, nodding towards the little picture on the wall, she seemed to read from it, “the sign says CENTRAL TERMINUS. LINE TERMINATES HERE. ALL PASSENGERS PLEASE DISEMBARK.” Then she added, “we have to get off here. Or I guess return from whence we came.”
I was impressed that she obviously could read Pnook and probably speak the language to, there seemed no end to the surprises that Serinae could still produce even after all this time we had been traveling together. We began to slow and after a slight vibration, the only jolt I felt during the whole journey we came to a standstill and the light inside our cylinder dimmed as the sides again opened up and we were able to exit. We were in another of the buildings very similar to the one where we had started this journey, but this one was vastly bigger.
We disembarked from a large flat wheel similar to the one before, but this building held more than one of the wheels, in fact I counted six such wheels around and either side of the one on which we stood, and I assumed that others were further round from where I could see right around the building to the other side. There were hundreds of people in this building, all walking intently as always, some entering cylinders some exiting cylinders of which there were also many all stationary on the flat, slowly rotating wheels. Traveling cylinders, for that is what I called them until I found out their true name which collectively for the whole travelling system was The City Rapid Transfer System or CaRTS as the Pnook commonly called the system for short. CaRTS cylinders were coming in and out of the building from many tunnels around its edge, but this building also had tunnels sloping downwards through the floor of the building in the centre part.
I stood aghast at this sight. This place and this society were just so different from my own. I thought back to the tree city of my birth, the wide forest covering the whole continent, the peace and tranquillity of that place, the grass under my feet and the swaying boughs above my head. If I needed to go anywhere I had to walk! I did not feel right in this place of metal, glass and stone, glancing at Serinae I got the impression that she felt a similar reserve about the place. She had been right, there was no green here, I had not seen a single tree or even a small shrub since we passed over the Ealle river delta and left Dahl’Ambronis. There was no familiar feel of the tree spirits here; it was if I had gone blind or deaf, that I had lost one of my senses. I felt a feeling of numbness about me and I did not like it one bit. 
We were led across this great hall and exited through a door to the outside again. At least it was pleasant to smell the fresh air once more after the cramped journey in the CaRTS, but as I looked around I became amazed at the height of the buildings within the district we were now in, they towered above us until they seemed to almost touch the blue sky high above. The number of floors in the buildings I just couldn’t bring myself to count. Jondris placed a hand upon my shoulder for without knowing it I was about to fall backwards. I assumed this was because I was looking up at the buildings that seemed to be leaning over me, almost falling onto me, a most disconcerting visual trick. I looked back down and shook my head. I shivered as I thought that we were high enough above the red desert already, I did not relish going any higher. But my fears were to be realised when after walking around a corner and down a road for a little way, we came across a grand entrance into one of these buildings. I rejoiced as I saw the portico because either side of the steps leading up there sat a beautiful silver tree, branches growing wide and joining over our heads like an archway, but my joy was dashed when up close I realised that these trees were not virile natural growths but just creations of glass and metal. I shrugged and tried not to show my disappointment to our hosts. Inside was a vast hall full of Pnook and other peoples, all were dressed in finery, and I became a little self-conscious about the travelling clothes I wore and the mud upon my boots and the dust that must have covered me. But none of these fine people seemed to notice us as we were escorted across the floor.
Again I found myself wishing for the forest and the ability to wander alone amongst the trees all day if I wished and not see another soul. But no such luxuries were to be afforded to us here it seemed.
Eventually we were shown to a small sunken area accessed via three broad steps through an opening in the surrounding low glass and metal enclosure. In the centre of this area were several low tables surrounded by soft sumptuous chairs, we were invited to sit. I did so and as I sunk down into the soft cushions of the chair I had chosen it felt like I was sitting on the floor for I was forced to lay my legs out in front of me otherwise the low chair would have me sitting with my knees under my chin.
All of a sudden weariness came over me and the trials of the last few days became fully apparent as my body cried out for rest and recuperation. Serinae I noticed sat on the edge of the table rather in one of the chairs, her bow and quiver again laid across her knees as I had seen her sit so many times before. She had her eyes closed and a look of concentration on her face made me wonder what she was up to.
Łĩnwéé on the other hand, being nearer to the height of the average Pnook, although obviously much broader in stature, was sprawled in his chair one of his legs over the arm of the chair the other on the ground in front of him. He took out his pipe and made to fill and light it. He looked comfortable at least, whereas Jondris and Teouso preferred to stand and not sit in the Pnook sized furniture. I gave a smile because the contrasts between all of us looked most comical.
Captain Nuaton who had escorted us here from the very moment we landed in the outer rim of the city gestured to a couple of his men who approached him; the three of them spoke together in a huddle for a minute or two.
The captain then said, “Tnie, you are under a warrant of arrest, I think it best that we honour that demand, at least for the time being.” 
As he spoke these words Tnie slowly stood and nodded his consent. I was taken aback by this, firstly the fact that Tnie was being arrested, secondly that the captain had arrested him in such a manner that obviously hinted at some sympathy perhaps towards Tnie’s plight.
Łĩnwéé however, stood and taking the pipe slowly from his mouth said, “this be preposterous, leavin‘ im be he has done ye nay harm.”
At this Łĩnwéé strode purposefully forward to face the Pnook officer.
Before Łĩnwéé could reach the captain Tnie pushed in between them and placing a hand on Łĩnwéé’s shoulder said, “it’s alright, be at peace. It is probably better that none of you are seen in my company for there are unfriendly eyes in this city that would seek any excuse to have you, all of you, viewed unfavourably, or worse. Let me go, we will do this the cities way, for now at least.” 
When he was sure that Łĩnwéé was calmed even though he continued his growling and muttering beneath his beard Tnie turned and said, “lead on Captain Nuaton.” 
We all watched Tnie, the captain and one of his two guards leave the building by the same way we had entered, we all felt a little dread at they’re going, not knowing for sure what would happen to Tnie.
But then a loud voice called out a greeting. "My friends may I be the first to welcome you to the City of Scienocropolis and to the High Counsel Chambers.” 
At this I turned as did all the party and there standing on the top step leading to our little area stood a Pnook in magnificent garb, wielding some kind of odd looking device across his folded arms, by his side stood a Pnook guard in bright red livery of the ceremonial type.
Immediately the remaining Pnook guard in our company dropped to one knee and bowed his head in the direction of this new comer. My immediate thoughts were that this was the king, and I wondered if I to should bow in deep respect.
“Please accept my warm welcome to you all. My name is Don Trynacs, I am advisor to the king who has assigned me to greet you this day and be at your bidding, if you wish anything then please do not hesitate to ask.” 
At this he moved down the steps and started to move amongst us shaking hands and tipping his head slightly to all that he addressed. When he came to Serinae she stood and took his hand, but she did not bow but just held his gaze. A few words passed between them I could not tell what was said. Eventually he came to me and I stood he reached for my hand and shook it.
“Another of the fair folk, we are certainly blessed this day.”
He then moved on towards Jondris. I looked after him, I couldn’t help wonder at the slight sneering expression on his face when he had spoken to me, the hairs on the back of my neck crawled and I decided that even though I had just met with Don Trynacs I would not trust him ever. 
Once these formalities had been finished, our Pnook guard who had escorted us from the moment we had first landed in the city was dismissed with a wave of the hand. We were led from the vast entrance hall of the building and escorted down many corridors, this time in the company of Don Trynacs and his personal guard. For some inexplicable reason this made me feel uncomfortable, as if the dismissing of that last remaining guard of Prince Resen's also saw the dismissal of something friendly and familiar in this alien of places. 
The further away from the entrance hall we travelled the less activity was to be seen until eventually we were led to a hall off which many doors led, presumably giving entrance into as many rooms. We stopped outside one of the doors and Don Trynacs waved a hand nonchalantly in front of a small box by the side of the door, as he did so the door slid sideways into the wall and disappeared revealing the inside of a tiny room. He ushered us in, and there was just enough room to accommodate all our party plus Don Trynacs and his guard. The door slid back and suddenly we started to move, I stifled a scream and felt a queasy feeling in the pit of my stomach just like the feeling I experienced at time whilst travelling in the air ship across the Trad Ocean. Surely we weren’t flying again inside this little box. The feeling subsided however to my great relief and the door opened as before, we all left the small room only to step out into a very similar hallway as before. I thought that we may even be in the same place for it was identical and I wondered at what possible purpose the small room was designed for. But we walked from this hall and entered another wing of the building. As before this corridor was lined with doors all identical in the way that they looked. I felt quite giddy and somewhat disorientated as no landmark or natural way points were at all obvious.
We passed many of these entrance ways, but eventually we stopped outside a door and Don Trynacs again passed his hand in front of a similar small box set into the wall beside the door. As before this door slid into the wall and the interior of this room could be seen. He bowed low and ushered me inside, so I walked forward closely scrutinizing the door frame, but I could not see any clue as to where the door had gone. Once inside he bowed to me once more and said that this was to be my room for the duration of our visit, and that he would be back later to fetch me. At this he turned on his heal and strode out through the doorway. I was about to follow to see where the others would go, when the door suddenly appeared again barring my way. I looked for a handle, none could be seen, then remembering the little box he had passed his hand in front of I looked for one on this side, but no luck, again nothing of the sort existed. I searched and felt around the door but could not find any way to open it. At last I resigned myself to the fact that in actuality this room, however nice it may look was in fact a prison cell. I could only guess that my companions perhaps also found themselves imprisoned in a similar fashion. So much for Pnook hospitality I thought. 
I walked across the room to where I could see wide windows set into the wall. All I could see through the window was blue sky and I wanted to see what else there was outside, however as I walked towards the window I continued to only see blue sky. It was only when I stepped right up to the window and looked down that I could view any part of the city. I involuntarily stepped back from the window a cold sweat on my brow, I stifled a small scream. It was a minute or two before I could pluck up the courage to again slowly approach the window, this time I was on my hands and knees.
The streets and most of the buildings were far below the level where I stood. We were so very high up in this building, I wondered if we were actually at the top or if there were other floors above us still. On looking around only a handful of other buildings seemed to be this tall and those were quite distant, many other buildings rose high up in this district of the city, but none were of the same height as the level from which I looked out over the city now. I backed away from the window still on all fours. I was very tired by now and removing my boots I lay back upon the sofa that was positioned in the centre of the room, I was thankful that the sofa faced into the room, not looking out of the windows. I was soon fast asleep.
I don’t know how long I slept for, I dreamt of hideous chasms of sheer rock, bottomless voids into which I kept falling. In my dreams it seemed whatever direction I walked led to a sheer drop into nothingness. But, besides these dreams I awoke feeling refreshed and ready for whatever the day had to bring. I felt even better after indulging in a hot bath which I found in a separate smaller room of the one in which I slept. A further room held a massive bed, far too big for me alone, I hoped I wouldn’t be sharing it with anyone. Once I had figured out how to fill the bath from two water spouts or taps as they were called. I lay there soaking until the water became quite chill, I must admit I did on a couple of occasions let some of the cooler water out of the tub through a little hole in the bottom made for that purpose and refill it using the hot water from a one of the taps. But eventually I felt the need to abandon the watery comfort and prepare myself for whatever lay ahead. I was presuming something was going to happen today and I wasn’t going to spend the whole day and night, or longer alone here in this room at the convenience of Don Trynacs. 
Sure enough soon after I had gotten dressed and readied myself for whatever the day would bring I heard a bell ring somewhere within my room and turning towards the sound became aware that a small area of the doorway was slightly translucent from this side, I had not noticed this before, but now I could see Don Trynacs standing outside with Jon and Łĩnwéé. I waved at them but they did not seem to notice me. I shouted my greetings but oddly they didn’t seem to hear. It was then that I noticed a little sliding door had opened in the wall by the side of the door exposing one of the little boxes that seemed to control the door opening and closing. I waved my hand in front of the box and the door slid open. Intriguing, I thought, they lock me into the room but when they want me to come out they allow me to choose whether or not I wish to do so.
Don Trynacs bowed but kept eye contact with me as he did so, he greeted me and bid me follow him and my companions so I walked forward and enthusiastically greeted Jon and Łĩnwéé who both greeted me in return. We proceeded to walk down the corridor alerting our other companions to our presence; all opened similar doors to similar rooms as my own and joined us. Serinae was last to join the group, she stepped out into the corridor wearing her normal cloths but without her chain mail and without her weapons, other than this she looked as she always did her hair cascading down her back in usual fashion.
She smiled at me and greeted me with a kiss on the cheek. She seemed in high spirits, and as if to answer my question whispered, “amazing what a nice hot bath can do eh, Mini?” 
I smiled being used to her second guessing things like that and nodded to her.
Before long we were back in the main hall of the building which seemed pretty much the same as we left it yesterday, assuming that I had slept all night, for the daylight could be seen shining through the window of the building and the shadows were short so I estimated the time as being pretty close one side or other of midday. We walked across the entrance area of the building into a glass tunnel that led off one side. This tunnel I could see ran for a short distance and lead into a second building a little way away.
So we walked into this second buildings entrance hall. This entrance hall had seating in a similar arrangement, but there were far fewer people in this one, and what people there were looked heavily armed and appeared to be elite guards of some kind. I turned to ask Serinae where we could possibly be heading, she just gazed forward, so I left her to her thoughts and looked at my other fellow travellers, all the rest didn’t seem to be perturbed by our surroundings and this at least put me back at ease a little.
We were told to sit in a seating area, and Don Trynacs after nodding to his guards left our group and walked through a doorway which closed behind him. After around fifteen minutes or so the doorway opened and he returned accompanied by a Pnook guard and to our great joy and surprise Tnie. After allowing Tnie to sit with the rest of us Don Trynacs then went to a large door in one wall where he knocked a number of times with his staff. After a while two guards slowly pushed the door open from the inside and after a brief exchange of words Don Trynacs waved to us, we were beckoned to enter. I just had time to notice that Tnie at this point seemed to be shivering, but it was not cold here, I touched him gently on the shoulder and he immediately jumped sideways as if stung by a wasp or bee. He looked at me with sullen eyes, I noticed his pupils were large and I detected a distinct look of fear in his face. This I found most unsettling, but still my other fellows did not seem to feel any fear and I wondered exactly what we were being led into.
The inside of the chamber we entered was the most sumptuous yet. Gold furniture was everywhere and I could see Łĩnwéé looking greedily at the shining metal all around. There were also a number of alcoves set into the walls; each had a statue mounted within set upon a dais also made of gold or at least gold leaf or some kind of plating. I didn’t think for one minute that each of these was solid gold. I didn’t think there could be enough of the metal in the whole world to make all of the dais’s' present here. My attention switched to the statues as we passed them on the way to another large doorway at the other end of the chamber. Each statue was of a Pnook but very big at least five times life size judging from my experience of the race. Each held a staff across his chest and had a coronet upon his brow. They all looked very stately.
After a while the alcoves became empty, as if the occupants had retired for some reason, or perhaps they had not been filled yet. Anyway eventually we came to the door at the end of the hall. To my surprise it opened inwards to reveal yet another hall, but this one had no alcoves either side, just tall pillars reaching from the floor to the ceiling which looked to be perhaps over fifty metres distant. I smiled at myself thinking that the gnomes being such a small people certainly made up for that in their constructions and creations. There must have been a smile on my face because Jon nudged me, as I looked at him he gave me a grave look as if to say wipe that silly smile of your face. I obliged by making a fake glum look back at him, never the less this seemed to satisfy him and he looked away, I nudged him back and he glanced at me just so I could stick my tongue out at him. Then I bumped into something, it was Don Trynacs who had come to a stop and I hadn’t noticed. He turned and glared at me, I felt my features glowing red in embarrassment. Jon I noticed was now smirking and Serinae had her hand over her mouth hiding her shoulders were jumping up and down.
But then a line of robed Pnook appeared from between two pillars, they marched across in front of us and after around twenty or so had appeared a Pnook dressed differently from the rest, his hands clasped behind his back strode into the room. He was looking down it seemed at the heels of the Pnook in robes he was following. When this differently dressed Pnook was directly in front of us the procession stopped and as one all turned to face us. The Pnook in the centre looked up, his eyes sweeping across all of our faces; they lingered longer on Tnie who was still looking at his feet I noticed. He then spun on his heels and walked away from where we stood, the rest of the robed Pnook remained where they were. But the one who had walked away climbed several wide stairs that I had not noticed before, and on reaching the top a large golden seat seemed to rise from the floor and when it was in its final resting place the Pnook sat upon it. 

 


Chapter 17 In the Pnook Kings Court

Extract from ‘Scienocropolis the City of the Pnook’ by Solin De’Teinde.
So they decided one of their number must lead. For the squabbling and arguing would destroy them all. So one among them, the chief engineer named Deibne who had played such a part in converting the technological marvels without which they would not have been able to traverse the desert was voted leader. His descendants have suffered the labours of public service ever since, and each has taken on the public name of Tuines so that the Pnook peoples may remember and honour the decisions made long ago.
~

It suddenly occurred to me who this Pnook might be, King Tuines of course. I felt my jaw drop. At the same time Tnie collapsed on the floor moaning something in his own language, the king, for I was sure this was the king, was looking down his nose at Tnie. After a good one or two minutes of silence, the king stood and nodded at Don Trynacs who slowly drew up his staff and allowed it to slip between his fingers so that it landed upon the floor with a resounding boom. He did this three times and obviously addressing the whole assembly said in a loud and commanding voice, “I present to you his most high King Tuines the fortieth keeper of the lore, protector of the people, Pnook above all Pnook. At this the row of Pnook waiting at the foot of the stairs cried out in unison, 
“ALL HAIL!” 
This made me jump out of my skin but we all found ourselves bowing in unison, whatever each of us thought individually of this situation or the people taking part in it, King Tuines at the very least was worthy of our respect. The king looked satisfied and standing again made his way back down the stairs. Starting with Jon he shook each of our hands and said a few words of welcome. The only person he did not address but walked straight past was Tnie who remained prostrate upon the floor throughout these proceedings.
When the king got to me he smiled and taking my hand shook it and said, “welcome, welcome it is always an esteemed pleasure to have visitors from the five elder realms amongst us.”
I wondered at this second reference to the manner in which the Pnook regarded my people and what could possibly be the reasoning behind it, although I felt that Don Trynacs reference was said with some sarcasm. The king’s comment I felt was said with more sincerity perhaps upholding a tradition. The five elder realms was obviously a reference to the five elder races, T’Iea. Keepers, Grûndén, Ognods and of course Pnook. I wondered for he did not mention the race of men amongst his acknowledgement.
Releasing my hand and still smiling he moved on to Serinae who stood by my side. I did not catch what he said to her for I could feel something in my outstretched hand, it felt like a piece of paper or folded parchment, I resisted the temptation to take a look at it. As the king got to the last person in the row who was Łĩnwéé he stepped back and addressing all of us said, “welcome my friends, it has been many, many years since we welcomed a companionship of each of the races in such a manner, perhaps this is a sign, an omen of things to come. Perhaps I will be blessed in my time of service to see such times again and welcome great numbers of visitors once more to our realm as was common once in ages past when we had our great city in the land of our fathers.” 
At this he walked back to where his entourage stood and regaining his place amongst them they turned as one and headed back the way they came. I noticed as he walked he glanced at Don Trynacs who was looking back at the king with a dark expression upon his face. It was obvious more had passed between these two in the last few seconds than we had perceived. When I thought that no one was watching I took a look at what the king had apparently secreted into my hand and as I thought it appeared to be a folded piece of paper, so I quickly closed my hand back around it to hide it from any other prying eyes.
We were led by Don Trynacs back the way we had come and through the halls. Eventually arriving back in the vicinity of our rooms. Don Trynacs bowed to us and said that we were now free to spend the rest of the day together or spend it as we wished. As long as we did not attempt to leave this building, no one would interfere with us. At this he left. I was expecting him to call on some guards to escort Tnie back to confinement, but he did not.
As soon as he was gone the fellowship seemed to breathe a collective sigh of relief, and Tnie took on a wholly different composure, he beckoned to us all to sit in one of the communal seating areas which we did. I was astonished at Tnie's change of heart; he seemed much more at ease.
As we sat, Łĩnwéé approached Tnie. “Aye laddie ye be fine I hope, if that stuck up excuse of a Pnook has harmed ye, by the Lord Øédréll I’ll remove the sickly smile from his face with one slice o’ m’ axe ye see if I dun’t.”
Tnie placed his hand upon Łĩnwéé’s shoulder and bid him sit. At this Łĩnwéé did so and placing his elbows on his knees he slowly opened his hand and revealed a piece of parchment the same as the one I was holding, in fact each of us revealed a similar thing nestled in the palm of each of our hands. Upon a nod from Tnie we all started to unfold the paper. At first there didn’t appear to be anything written on it but as I looked there appeared a geometric design unknown to me, each of us had a similar design upon each slip of paper. I looked up questioningly. 
Tnie proceeded to say quietly, “this is the mark of the king’s family crest, by receiving this you are each invited to a private audience with the king, he may secretly summon each of you in time, or it may be that he finds an alternative way to meet each of you either alone or together, that will be his decision. Please do not show this to anyone else and least of all to Don Trynacs, let’s keep it our little secret.”
“Aye, ye ‘ave no problem thar laddie.” Tnie smiled at Łĩnwéé’s words for his voiced thoughts reflected everyone’s mood.
I opened my mouth to speak and everyone else had the same idea for all of a sudden such a hubbub arose around me my jaw shut as I tried to listen to each individual conversation. At last I noticed Tnie stand and move away from the fellowship, I stood and walked after him.
As I caught him up he turned and smiled at me, “no doubt you have some questions Mini.” 
“Too right I have, what just happened back there in the king’s court?”
“Ah,” was the reply, “nothing really, just protocol, we were met formally and introduced to King Tuines that was all.” 
“No it wasn’t,” I said, “you were quacking in your boots, the king shunned you completely, the king and Don Trynacs obviously do not see eye to eye, and the king can’t even invite us openly to a meeting with him!” 
“Ah Mini you are very observant I see. But all will be revealed when we meet with the king I’m sure.” 
“But when will that be?” I enquired. 
At this Tnie just shrugged and said that it was to be when the king intended.
“That’s not good enough Tnie,” I said with some frustration.
Tnie just looked at me with a hard expression.
But my anger was aroused. “And another thing, why haven’t you ever mentioned to us that you had knowledge of those beings back in Amentura the ones that perpetrated the attack and the people blamed you for. You’ve seen them before right here in Scienocropolis.”
“Yes, Minervar you are right, but I didn’t want to admit to that, for I would have been forced to tell the whole story and the fact that I was a fugitive from Scienocropolis would have come to light, what would you have thought of me then eh? You may have even agreed with the people of Amentura that my people  may well have been responsible for the attack. No, it was better you heard about these tragic events from an independent source I think.”
Later that evening we all sat pondering the day’s events whilst enjoying a sumptuous meal. This was the first really good meal we had enjoyed since that evening in Solin’s house in Amentura and all the cares of the past months seemed to fall away as I enjoyed the company of my friends. We chatted and speculated as to what was going on here in the Pnook city and what would happen next, we obviously couldn’t stay here forever, but at the same time we did seem to be under some kind of house arrest, however comfortable we were.
Suddenly the door opened and in came a short figure, completely unannounced, with a cape drawn about their person, a hood drawn over the head disguising their face. A few of us stood at this intrusion, Łĩnwéé stood sharply knocking his chair over, Tnie grasped Łĩnwéé’s wrist to stop him challenging the figure that had just entered. 
“If ye’ve come t’ take Tnie again ye’ll have to go through me first” cried Łĩnwéé. 
The figure stopped and closing the door turned, a small hand reached up and slowly removed the hood from over the head. I gasped as I recognised the king.
“That won’t be necessary my friend Grûndén for I have, at least for the time being, managed to secure some freedom for Tnie here, all be it still under some restriction.”
Tnie immediately walked to the king and bowing made to indicate that the he should sit at the table with us.
Once seated we all sat again, and King Tuines said, “forgive this intrusion my friends, but I needed to talk with you with some urgency, away from the errr……. formalities of the court. Tnie is free from incarceration as long as he stays with you, that is partially why you are all confined to this building, it was the best I could do at such short notice, I hope that you do not harbour any ill.” 
Before anyone could ask any questions or pass comment held up his hands and said, “please I have little time and much to say so no questions yet, you will have plenty of time for that later, but for the time being let me explain a few things to you. You will no doubt we wondering about our intentions towards you, be assured my friends that my intentions are good, but I must ask you to bear this house arrest for a while longer. For this inconvenience I must express my sincere regret, but there are powers that must be appeased and I personally would greatly appreciate your continued cooperation.
There are a number of forces at work within the city, I am the king, but some of my actions and those of my predecessor, have brought that position into some doubt and I find myself at risk of losing the throne, if I do not tread carefully that is.” 
He then proceeded to tell us of the city being attacked by the strange beings never before seen by the Pnook, beings that seemed to be made of both flesh and machine and could be transported using some kind of arcane transport device for they seemed to appear out of nowhere. He suspected that somewhere there was a mechanism that could focus large amounts of arcane energy and use the energy as some form of portal between set places. He was then at great pains to ensure we understood that such a device was not of Pnook making. He then described what had happened once the army had attacked. Immediately on entering the city and once gathered in vast numbers, they started to fight mercilessly. He added that reports from his soldiers seemed to indicate that they were not skilled fighters but more mindless machines driven on by some unknown force. Their success in battle relied more on overwhelming numbers rather than any inbred skill with sword and bow. He told how they fell by the hundreds once the Pnook had gotten organised and how even though their losses appeared heavy it seemed to have little effect there were so many. The Pnook eventually tiring, found themselves hard pressed to stem the tide of the enemy and all around the city the Pnook forces started to retreat back towards the city centre. It was found that the enemy did not move fast, the retreating Pnook could easily outrun their adversaries, but the enemies advance was ceaseless. The Pnook army was starting to weaken yet the enemy seemed not to tire and it became obvious that something other than just fighting these horrors had to be done if the city were to survive the onslaught.
Then the king looked at Tnie and said, “that’s where Tnie came forward with his idea.” 
I looked at Tnie he was looking at the king waiting for the next part of the tale. On a nod from the king Tnie then took up the tale and continued by telling us that he had the idea of demolishing part of the outer city in the midst of the enemy’s advance thus halting them in their tracks. The outer city had been abandoned many years ago as the Pnook population grew ever smaller. There was no longer the need to live so far from the city centre, so if they could demolish the city beneath the feet of the enemy many would be destroyed and hopefully the city would be saved. 
“Well as you may know, the city or the rock platform on which the city is built is held up in the sky by several hundred great engines that are positioned within the rock platform in concentric rings spreading out from the city centre. If we waited until all or most of the enemy were passing through a part of the city that was immediately above one of these concentric rings and the engines were made to self-destruct then perhaps an entire ring shaped section of the city would be demolished along with the enemy and fall to the desert below taking any remaining enemy forces with it.”
I again remembered the chasm over which we had passed to get to the centre of the city and despaired once more at the thought of so much destruction, how could it be made possible. 
Tnie went on to explain that the engines were kept cool by massive flows of air passing around them. Apparently Tnie had calculated that if the engines were starved of the cooling air then they would very quickly overheat resulting in a catastrophic failure and destruction of the engines. The resultant chain of explosions were likely to destroy a ring shaped area right the way around the city at the chosen location of the engines being destroyed. Many discussions of course followed, the risks were obvious, but it was felt by the majority that the act was necessary for the continued survival of the city and its Pnook occupants.
So the plan was put in place, the area chosen was to be evacuated, not that many people lived in this area as it was one of the outer regions of the city and already sparsely populated due to declining populations. But never the less word went out to save any populous that may be living in those streets. Then when scouts reported that the enemy was starting to move into the chosen area, explosives were detonated deep in the machine rooms where the great engines were housed. The explosions were designed to block the great exhaust outlets from which the flow of air escaped. Once detonated Tnie calculated that it would take about three minutes for the engines to overheat and explode. So whoever volunteered to detonate the explosives would have to wait for a signal from observers above to ensure the greater part of the enemy’s army to enter into the affected area. The volunteers knew that they scarcely had sufficient time to escape, but never the less each was prepared to make the sacrifice for the city and the Pnook population.
So it was, the city was rocked by massive explosions, the king explained how they all thought the worst when the whole city started to slowly tilt to one side, it was thought that only some of the engines on one side had been destroyed and as a result the unbalance was being experienced, but to their great relief the city began to right itself again. A great dust cloud hung over the city, and many aftershocks were felt as large parts of the damaged perimeter broke away and fell to the rust desert below. The city was heard groaning and creaking; sometimes loud noises were heard along with further vibrations that sometimes went on for a couple of hours or so. It sounded for all the world like the dying lament of the city itself. Great fear and anxiety hung over the populace, each assuming the worst and that their doomsday had come.
But after several days when most of the dust had settled and the noises and quaking had subsided, scouts were sent out to see what the results of this desperate measure were. They came back reporting that everything had worked as predicted. A wide chasm had appeared all around the city, debris could be seen lying far below on the desert floor in a ring matching that of the missing sections of the city. What’s more no major sign of the enemy could be seen or heard, what was left of them was easily dealt with as they did not fight back, indeed they seemed to be confused as they just stood still their weapons still in their hands but no commanding will seemed to drive them on.
After a further week, scouts were sent across the chasm into what remained of the outer rim of the city and they too came back reporting that the enemy were no longer anywhere to be seen. The city breathed a collective sigh of relief and mourned those who died trying to save it. But several weeks later Tnie still checking on the city became aware that the city was losing altitude at a slow but steady rate. Not a fast decline but never the less a worry. At this news certain factions within the city, ones that had fought against the decision to destroy the machines in the first place found their voice again and claimed that their argument against the destruction was justified and they had been right all along. This group was of course led by Don Trynacs and they started to spread the word that many had died defending the city and now all this was to no avail because the city would soon be destroyed as it crashed down to the desert below. They gained a large following of supporters very quickly and this was the position that the king found himself in now, some people applauded his action and decision but others, many others apparently, disliked him for it.
I turned to Tnie, he looked downcast. 
The king looked at him and said, “don’t fret Tnie, what’s done is done, the final decision was mine and the senior governing counsel of which I was the leader. All you did was provide an idea, a way out of the predicament we were in. I do not hold you responsible for any of this, none of the counsel do. As long as I am King you are assured of my personal support and protection.”
“But ye have signed a warrant fo’ his arrest,” said Łĩnwéé.
“House arrest,” corrected the king. “Yes, I did this for two reasons one to appease the powers that oppose me, and secondly so that I could protect Tnie and keep an eye on him. Unless Don Trynacs increases his popularity whilst you are here, Tnie is quite safe, we just have to play the political game is all.”
I found myself saying, “so this whole thing, Tnie being terrified, him grovelling on the ground, all this was just a piece of staged acting to appease Don Trynacs?”
“Yes, I’m afraid so my lady,” was the reply.
At this point Jondris spoke to the king saying, “my lord, we have some knowledge of this sad tale, your son, Prince Resen whom we met on arriving here told a similar story.”
“Ah, so you have met the prince, my son, I hope you found him well?”
“Indeed he was well my lord, he seemed in good spirits.”
We did not mention the incident with the falling girder and Jondris’s gallant effort to save the life of the prince. I think the king had enough to worry about let alone danger to his immediate family members.
“That is good. I have not seen him for some time, since I sent him to command our outer forces against any further attack. I fear his lack of patience at court would not extend to him keeping his opinions or his actions to himself and the current situation may have boiled over by now.”
Then Serinae said, “we are all saddened by the news of the loss of so many, especially that of your brother the former king.”
“Thank you,” was the reply, “it saddens me that such action was necessary, but I applaud the bravery of those that volunteered to undertake the work, it is unfortunate that they did not all survive, but then that is the fate of many who take on such tasks in times of harsh reality is it not?”
In an effort to change the subject I said, “The army you describe as having attacked you, we have also seen these beings at work.”
At this the king looked interested and said questioningly, “oh?”
Jon continued with an explanation. “They also attacked the town of Corbond in Dahl’Ambronis and also in a limited raid in the town of Amentura, but in neither place in such great numbers as you describe. Perhaps your victory over the enemy had depleted their numbers somewhat. But thankfully we managed to fight them off in Corbond and those present in Amentura where very few, being more like a scouting party perhaps, rather than attacking force, but our experiences were similar to yours, they are indeed unskilled in fighting.” 
Here Jondris paused, before carrying on, “they seem mindless, driven by some other intellect other than their own, they behave like herded animals, more by instinct than any thoughtful design.” 
Serinae then spoke saying, “There is one other consideration, one that people raised before after the limited attack in Amentura, the fact that these beings seem to be some unholy construction, a perversion of life, being both of flesh and machine. I wonder if part of the evil plan that drives these beings was to discredit the Pnook. Long has Amentura been an entry point into Dahl’Ambronis for your people and trade between you and the east goes through there, perhaps the appearance of the beings in Amentura was a ploy to cause distrust and an attempt to discredit and alienate the Pnook traders from Dahl’Ambronis.”
At this the king turned and clasping his hands together round his back said, “I admit we do not pursue trade with the fare folk of the east as much as we did, times have changed, our race is dwindling, our great city is falling into disrepair, it weighs heavy on my heart that my race may be forever lost in the world at some time in the future. We are becoming more and more insular, we look to our own affairs and shy from contact with others, we are becoming arrogant and mistrusting of the outside world. I would seek to make changes in the attitudes and actions of my people, but internal affairs need my constant attention just to keep the various situations on an even plain, let alone try to improve relations beyond our borders. If someone or group is trying to discredit us, it saddens me to say that they would not have too hard a task in doing so at the current time.”
Serinae then looked worried and went on to say, “I’m sorry my lord to ask this but I have to know, have the Pnook with your technological advancement been toying with such science that may allow such beings to exist, perhaps without your knowledge?” 
The king turned to face us once more, his eyes narrowed as he retorted, “you honestly think that we would undertake such a thing? This I find repulsive, I can strongly state that I have not ordered, or heard of any such experimentation going on within my borders, if I had found some such misplaced work I assure you I would have eradicated it quickly and those that perpetrated such design would be languishing in my dungeons by now. In any case do you think that if we created them we would allow them to attack Scienocropolis?”
“Many a slave has turned on the master,” said Jon. 
Serinae stepped in front of the Jon quickly and addressing the king said, “I’m sorry my lord, please forgive me, I just wanted to be sure that wherever these creatures came from no science or technology known by the Pnook aided such foul work in any way.” After a brief pause she continued, “had anything notable happened in the days or months prior to the attack on Scienocropolis?”
“What kind of thing?” Asked the king, 
She shook her head and shrugged, “oh, I don’t know, just a suspicion really, before Corbond was attacked I had recently arrived back from a perilous journey, one which I was tasked to aid in the recovery a certain item of great value. Something in my mind keeps feeding my suspicion that the item and these monsters are linked in some way, I just can’t think how at the moment.” 
The king raised his hand and stroked his chin a few times whilst deep in thought, then he said, “the only really unusual thing I can think of, but I’m sure is of no significance, is we had an unannounced visitor pass through the city. He too was of the fare folk, a T’Iea like you. He came in on a flying ship here from Amentura for we do occasionally send a delegation to the eastern continent, a way of keeping our options open. He only stayed with us a short period of time, but he was a jovial fellow. I enjoyed discussing lore with him and playing a few rounds of Clastitor of which he was an expert opponent. He didn’t give a reason for being here, just that he was interested in seeing the city. He was to make his way to the Grûndén realm next to see their great city under the mountain. He didn’t give a reason for travelling there either. But that was some time ago now, and a few days before the city was attacked.” 
Serinae asked what name he went by, this T’Iea. 
The king thought for a moment and said, “he called himself Rintez D’Alon’Eal.” 
The king had obvious difficulty in getting his mouth round the T’Iea words, but Serinae stood and paced a couple of times up and down before she said, “So Tezrin has been here.” 
Before I could ask the question, she added, “Rintez, it is a name he uses, a pseudonym, not a very original or very well disguised name, but never the less his. I know, for he has used it in my company in the past. The question is what was the rogue doing here, and why was he on his way to the Grûndén city also?” 
The king looked a little puzzled, so Serinae explained the story of her travels with Tezrin to claim the valuable item, when she described the item to the king, he looked interested and asked if she could explain the item in more detail.
After this explanation he said, “what you describe, oh not the actual necklace itself, that’s just a piece of finely worked jewellery, but the dragon scale as the Grûndén called it, that sounds like the controlling data source we use for all our machines, finely made devices used to control different items of our technology, they are in most of our machines and are vital to each machines correct function, we call them Biplextor devices but they are mostly known by a nickname, they are commonly called ‘chips’. They date way back into prehistory, we cannot be sure they are a Pnook invention, even though we seem to always have the knowledge of them. But they seem to have originated from an ancient source whose identity is lost to us. We had long ago learnt how to replicate them, for we just copied the design and used them for our own purposes. But although these things may not be our original invention, over the years we have certainly taken the idea and improved upon it to the extent that our experts can design these things to do most any controlling function.”
“We had already come to that exact same conclusion, have you any idea what this ‘chip’ would be used for?” Asked Serinae. 
The king replied that the only way of finding out the possible use would be to examine it closely using a particular machine that the Pnook possessed that could decipher the coded control language within any chip. From that a skilled operator could establish what the original purpose of the chip might be. Apparently this same machine in the hands of a skilled operator could be used to change the nature of the chip so that its function could be modified or altered considerably. But a detailed understanding of the chips functional makeup would be required to do that, for failure to follow strict coding protocol may result in the chip being rendered useless or even dangerously unstable especially if it were interfered with by a novice. 
“By the Maker, that’s what Tezrin was doing here, he wanted to know what the chip on the necklace did, what its function was or is, perhaps he may have even hoped to adjust it for some reason,” said Serinae.
“But wait a minute,” I said, “if Tezrin was here many months ago that would be before he got hold of the necklace and therefore before he had the chip that we are all talking about.”
“Hmmmm, yes of course just so Mini,” said Serinae, then after some thought she said, “but what if Tezrin had another chip, maybe even more than one, he was surely here to find out about their contents. That may also explain the attack upon Scienocropolis if Tezrin is linked in some way to the hideous beings and their armies. It may be that he, or someone he was employed by, was attempting to cover his tracks and destroy any evidence of his passing or whatever he was doing here.” 
“It’s a good theory,” said Jondris, “it would make sense, and even more sense if a similar reason existed for the attack on Corbond?”
“You are suggesting Jondris that the beings attacked Corbond to try and eradicate all evidence of Tezrin being there?” I suggested.
“Exactly,” was the reply, “or, even more sinister, perhaps an attempt to stop us from following him.”
Serinae then turned to the king and asked if there was any way they could find out if Tezrin had tried to do this, if he had in deed used the machine or asked a Pnook expert to undertake the task on his behalf. The king rose and said that he should be going, but also promised to find out if any Pnook knew about Tezrin and any chips he carried. At this he pulled the hood back over his head and left. 
 


Chapter 18 The Chip Room

Extract from ‘The Technological Curse’ by Solin De’Teinde.
So why out of all the races did the Pnook develop such fascination for the sciences and technology? Personally, I suspect this is just a manifestation of their nature. For all the races developed their own characteristics, due in part to their cultural background and in part to the environments that they found themselves developing within.
~

Something had lodged itself in my mind the night before and only this morning, once my poor befuddled brain had shaken off last night’s sleep, did it suddenly occur to me what it was. So after helping myself to various fruits and cereals I sat next to Serinae who had obviously already eaten her breakfast and was sipping a hot cup of tea. 
“Good morning Mini,” she said, 
It was she I wanted to talk to and encouraged by her cheerful greeting I responded similarly and asked if the tea here was to her liking. I knew she was quite fussy about her tea, a favourite drink of hers and I wanted that enthusiasm to aid me in opening up a conversation that I felt I must have.
“hmmm fairly good actually,” was her response.
“But not as good as that served back in Corbond,” I suggested. 
“Ah no, no, the tea there is a favourite variety of mine, the monks have had the time to experiment with the flavour and blends to absolute perfection.” She closed her eyes obviously relishing the remembered flavour.
I giggled, she was distracted so I thought I’d ask the question that would get this conversation going in the direction I wanted it to take. “Does Tezrin love tea as much as you?”
“Oh no,” was the reply, then suddenly she opened her eyes and looked at me sideways, “ok Mini, tell me what’s on your mind?”
I was hoping that my line of questioning wasn’t going to be quite so obvious. I shrugged and made my point. “It’s just that yesterday when we were talking to the king and Tezrin or Rintez’s name came into the conversation you hinted that Tezrin and you had a history, you said you knew of this other name he used from the past.” 
“Ah,” she said, “so that’s it.”
I expected harsh words telling me to mind my own business, or a silent response, perhaps an attempt at changing the subject. But I was surprised at her response.
“Well yes I have known Tezrin for a long time, in fact we go back a long way to when we were childhood friends living in Ter’Fin’Ealle.” 
“Goodness,” I said, I was shocked, for I did not expect this reply. In an attempt to cover up my shock I said the first thing that came into my mind. “So you were friends then.” Only after did I think how lame my question was especially as she had already answered it before. I frowned and felt embarrassment rise in me. I blushed.
She giggled. “Yes, we were friends once. Our friendship originally stemmed from the relationship between our parents, you see our two sets of parents were friends, in fact Tezrin’s mother T’enia’vel was my mother’s best friend. We used to see a lot of each other especially during our learning years.” 
She seemed then to focus on something far away, a memory perhaps of something long ago and long remembered. I used her silence to get my thoughts back under control, to my great surprise Serinae was being very open this morning so I ventured to ask the other question that was in my mind. 
“So what happened then, I mean you seemed more like enemies than friends back in the Wild Boar Tavern that first evening when you came in looking for Tezrin.” 
She shrugged, “Happened? Nothing happened we are still friends.” 
I frowned feeling a little foolish, she was toying with me and I started to feel a little angered, how could she say such a thing when she had so blatantly threatened Tezrin with the blade in Corbond and also called him a thief and a rogue? But before I could think up a suitable reply she turned away and looked over my shoulder, “ah look fresh tea has arrived.”
She stood and went to greet the Pnook servant who had just come into the room with a fresh pot of tea. I sighed thinking well that’s that then, just when I thought she may tell me what I wanted to know she managed to find a way to end the conversation. I resolved however that I would try and dig a little deeper about Serinae and Tezrin at another time.
I found myself brooding over Serinae’s response as I ate, but I found I couldn’t stay angry after all I was prying into something that was private to Serinae, I had no right to expect her to answer my questions on the subject so eventually I decided to wait and see if I could broach the subject again at some time in the future. Anyway my curiosity took a different direction as after breakfast a rather official looking Pnook appeared before us. The king had sent a messenger who delivered a request asking us to accompany him as soon as was convenient. The messenger insisted that Tnie would be better off staying behind as it would be unwise to have him seen walking freely about the streets of Scienocropolis as he was after all supposed to be under house arrest, to our dismay no amount of complaining would dissuade him otherwise, instead he told us that he was just following the king’s orders. After reassurances from Tnie that this would be acceptable we agreed to go with the messenger. We were led through the city using the same CaRTS transport system as the one we had used the day we arrived. But this time we were taken to a completely different area of the city.
On arriving and stepping out of the CaRTS station into the sunlight I could see that this district of the city appeared to be a commercial area of some kind, most of the buildings seemed to be corporately owned, not by private individuals but by organisations. From Serinae’s translations I assumed that the large insignias above the entrance doors to these buildings depicted the names of each organisation housed within. Most names were meaningless having no real indicators as to what lay within, but all seemed to compete for the biggest and most colourful signs.
Eventually it was outside one of these entrances that we found ourselves. The proudly displayed sign above, announced the building as belonging to the ‘Netli’ organisation, at least this is what Seri told me was the translation. In typical Pnook architectural style the building constructed in silver metal and glass, completely devoid of any natural texture or colour, purely artificial, I shuddered for I was reminded once again of how uncomfortable I found this city environment, it seemed so cold and lifeless. I desperately wanted to walk beneath trees and see lakes and snowy capped mountains once again, experience the warmth of the many natural cycles that made up my world, not this unnatural artificial environment devoid of nature and most probably of any seasonal changes. The city didn’t even smell natural; there was a manufactured sterility about the place. The city had no rain and no trees, not even any soil below my feet, so the natural scents of the world were non-existent here. I couldn’t blame the Pnook however, here there was nothing, the desert was devoid of everything apart from the red dust. They had to create everything themselves and like anything created from the hands of beings upon this world it felt like it had a fragility about it and could be smashed like a glass vase at any careless move.
We were invited to enter the Netli Organisation building and immediately found ourselves in a surprisingly small reception area. My eye was caught by another of those silver metallic trees positioned in the centre of the room, alongside was a silver dish shaped object that contained water and a small spout like device that spouted water into the dish. I felt drawn to this as the sound was pleasant to my ears even though the cause of the sound was manufactured to.
A Pnook woman in a smart uniform sat at a desk looking very official with a smile that looked sort of permanent or manufactured like our surroundings. She enquired as to our purpose for being there and the king introduced us. She pressed a button on the desk in front of her and asked that we kindly wait. Eventually a door opened and in stepped several Pnook men. At their head a face I recognised immediately and were surprised to find ourselves greeted by King Tuines. The king wore a smart dress suite identical to those worn by the other Pnook that paraded through the door and stood to either side of him, these other Pnook looked very dignified. The king introduced us to each of them in turn, apparently these Pnook were the board of directors of the organisation that owned the building we were in. When the introductions had been made, the king explained that there was some information that may be of use to us to be heard. He asked one of the directors to relate a story to us.
The director stepped forward and bowed low and he began to tell us about an event that had occurred. We were told that Tezrin, or Rintez, had approached this director, whose name was Master Trenly. He explained that he had met Rintez, he was cagey about telling us were, but with encouragement from the king he just said they had met in a downtown bar. He said that Rintez as he kept referring to his T’Iea visitor, had shown a great interest in the Netli organisation and over a period of a couple of days had eventually asked to see how chips were designed and made. The Netli company was one of, if not the major manufacturer of such devices, it seemed that Rintez through this director had little trouble getting an audience with the appropriate people to satisfy his curiosity. Somehow I could well imagine Tezrin oiling his way around the Pnook here, using all kinds of seemingly innocent flattery and perhaps even financial incentives to get what he wanted.
After this tale had been related to us, the king nodded to Master Trenly who led us out of the reception area through the same door that the king and the other directors had come through earlier. We were ushered down a long corridor and down a flight of stairs where we were shown into a very large room in which many people feverishly worked undertaking activities that were way beyond my imagination. Here we were introduced to a Pnook with the grand title of the ‘Head of Biplextor Engineering’, a character who went by the name of Master Letin. At this point Master Trenly took his leave after giving a full and lengthy bow, he said he was anxious to return to the other directors and the audience with the king.
Serinae whispered just so I could hear, “I bet he is!” She smiled and then approached Master Letin and asked that he tell us exactly what Rintez had requested. It quickly became obvious that Rintez had indeed taken particular interest in the programming machines that were used to read the contents of the Biplextor chips. He also confirmed that these machines could also be used to put new or modified content or 'instructions' as Master Letin called them, into any the chip placed within them. Rintez apparently seemed to take an acute interest in a particular programming machine that was used with a certain older type of chip. This machine was no longer used for not many of this type of chip existed in the present day. Master Letin said that Rintez was a quick and able learner picking up the intricate functionality of the machine in a couple of days, to the extent in fact that after a day or so Master Letin had completely trusted Rintez to be allowed to use the machine unaided.
At this Serinae raised an eyebrow. “But surely the security issues of allowing a complete outsider such access and knowledge was a risk?”
Master Letin just replied that he didn’t think so, the chip and the machine was so old and out of date it was never used anymore. Every machine in the city used a more modern type of chip that used a different instruction set and anyway this old chip wouldn’t be compatible either physically or functionally with anything that was now used within the city. Therefore he didn’t see any problem with Rintez experimenting with the older device. He assured us that he would have taken a much stronger position should Rintez have asked to use one of the newer, ‘current’ programming machines. 
Serinae frowned but did not elaborate on the security issues. Instead she asked. “Is there any way we could understand what Rintez did with the machine whilst he was using it?”
Master Letin thought for a while, then he explained that each of the machines automatically saved an original copy of the coding of each chip that was placed into it. This was an automated feature and was the first function of the machine every time a chip was inserted. This code was automatically saved as a ‘read-only’ file so that an original version of the coding could always be retrieved. This ensured that if any mistakes were made, or if any code was misplaced the operator could always revert back to the original code. He went on to say that it was possible the chip signature being scribed by Rintez could be retrieved especially as this particular model of machine was never used these days and as far as he knew had not been used again since Rintez had been allowed access to it. So it was quite possible that the original code set of the chip in question was still held within the memory banks of the machine.
Master Letin said, “the easiest thing to do is to take a look.” He beckoned us forward so that we might first see the machine and then see if t original code was present, thus enabling us to discover what the last chip inserted could have possibly been used for.
We walked through the large room, past rows and rows of people all sitting at odd looking desks tapping away at buttons that lay in front of them. Eventually we came to a little glass walled room that stood in the centre of this larger room full of hard working Pnook. Within the glass walled room were three similar machines to those outside on which the Pnook toiled, but these three looked far larger and to my eyes a bit more antiquated in their design than those outside the glass room. Each of the three machines had a chair in front of it and a shelf sticking out towards the chair that looked like a small writing table or desk.
We followed Master Letin inside after he unlocked a glass door. I shivered for the temperature in the room was colder than outside and I could feel a very cool breeze blowing across my face from somewhere above. He told us that these particular machines had been brought by the Pnook across the desert from their original city in Dahl’Ambronis. The machines were very old and required special environmental conditions to function properly, hence the reason they were installed on their own within this glass room. He said they had been kept because the Netli organisation was the oldest chip manufacturer and the original chief engineer centuries ago had created a legal writ that did not allow these machines to be destroyed or even moved from this room. When Serinae enquired as to why, Master Letin said he had always thought they had been kept as a historical legacy to the company, a sort of museum piece.
I looked at the machine nearest me, it was taller than me and had a sort of desk protruding from the front with many small buttons inset into it. On the top of each button was a character which I recognised as part of the Pnook written alphabet. There were also many other buttons on which I did not recognise the symbols, or what they meant. In front and above this raised area with buttons was a black shiny surface, slightly domed. Something was written across this surface, but I could not read it as it was in the Pnook language which I did not understand at all.
Serinae however looked at the words and said slowly under her breath. “No Biplextor device present, unable to decipher, insert Biplextor device or choose alternative option listed below. Once selection has been made press ∂.”
Apparently there was no translation for the final character so she looked at me and shrugged. 
Letin sat himself on the chair in front of the machine and started to tap the buttons on the raised platform in what looked like a totally random order to me, this went on for some time and I cannot describe in words what he was doing, but eventually he sat back and watched as thousands upon thousands of Pnook characters raced across the dark area in front of his eyes. Secretly, I hoped that he wasn’t able to read the characters as they whizzed by, for if he could, I felt that would make me feel very inadequate indeed. 
Seemingly satisfied he pressed another button and I turned, suddenly startled as a loud clicking, buzzing noise started behind us. Against one of the glass walls I noticed another smaller machine sitting upon a desk. This machine was drawing sheets of parchment into itself, only to spew the parchment back out of another of its recesses into a tray obviously positioned to catch the parchment as it fell. I walked across to take a look, the parchment coming out was covered in similar characters to those racing across the dark area in front of the other machine. Master Letin explained that the characters moving across the machine and being printed onto the parchment were a ‘dump’ of the contents of the last Biplextor device placed into the machine. He also confirmed that this last device was likely to be the one Rintez had placed there seeing as no others had been used in the machine for as long as he could remember.
Soon both machines seemed to stop and fall silent and Master Letin walked across and picked all the parchment, of which there was now a thick pile, from out of the tray. He pulled down a set of spectacles that had been sitting on top of his head and started to read. Serinae came to stand by his side.
After some minutes Master Letin said, “hmm,” then “hmm” again, followed by “hmm, he seemed to be getting more and more excited. 
He looked at all of us and said, “the output of the Biplextor device is like nothing I have seen before. I cannot relate it to anything that we use today.” He pointed at the parchment. “It seems to hold much data, not any command lines just data, I suspect it is the contents of some long forgotten database. I would need to study this very carefully before I could tell you the exact nature of the data and therefore its probable use, please follow me.”
He led us to an open office area an annex of which led another room that contained soft chairs and a machine that we found made various drinks and beverages. Master Letin politely asked us to wait here for him and to feel free to help ourselves to any drink from this machine, no payment was required.
Without Tnie with us, Serinae was the only one of us that had any real insight into the written Pnook language so she did her best to translate for us as we gathered about the machine. After instructing the machine to make tea there was a whirring noise and a cup fell from the machine, in the bottom was a black powder, hot water then poured from the machine into the cup, the powder dissolved into the water and the cup filled with a brown liquid. Serinae retrieved the cup from the machine and sniffed at its contents suspiciously. She turned her nose up at the tea it had produced and placed the cup on a table next to the machine.
When it came to my turn I pushed the same button as Serinae and duly the machine dispatched my tea. Taking the cup and sniffing at the contents I took a sip, I thought it was ok, but then Serinae was our resident tea connoisseur after all. We sat around chatting and I amused myself with playing with the drink dispensing machine. I tried many of the drinks some were better than others. I had collected quite a few cups which I had lined up on top of the table next to the machine, some were empty, others partially empty and one or two still contained the liquid I had tried but rejected. I had just poured another of the drinks and was about to take a sip when I felt an unpleasant pounding in my temple and I found that I could not bring myself to drink any more. So placing this last cup with the others I turned and with a frown and sat down beside Serinae. I rubbed at my temple and closed my eyes.
Seri said, “hmmmm to much of a good thing I think Mini, or maybe a bad thing eh?”
“I think I may just stick to water in the future,” I said.
After half an hour or so Master Letin re-entered the room and turning to all of us he said very excitedly, “well I haven’t had time to decipher all of the chips content, but what I have found is reams of information about this worlds natural phenomena. There is much information about its weather systems and geological makeup. But the real interesting thing is there are reams and reams of information about the position of this planet in relation to other heavenly bodies, it’s almost like a map of the solar system, further than that it contains information that relates to this solar systems position within the galaxy.” He looked at each of us and then said, “even more interesting is that there is a lot of information relating to the position of the galaxy within the greater universe beyond, there are maps that give detailed information on many other galaxies’ far beyond the visible spectrum available to us here. Each galaxy that I looked at can also be broken down in great detail. There are star systems on the map I have never heard of.” He looked at us with great excitement. “I only looked at a tiny portion of the information available, perhaps less than zero point zero one percent. There is so much information held on this chip it would take many Pnook thousands of years to go through!”
He remained silent for a while before he continued by saying, “there is also some new information in the chip, something that has been added, or modified in some way recently, by Rintez I assume. This new information is somewhat disturbing for it contains data, I assume theoretical data, concerning modelling and calculations about what would happen to this world and its surrounding effect on the other bodies in the immediate solar system. There are several models relating to what would happen should this world move from its present path or orbit around the sun.”
We all remained quiet for a minute, I was trying to digest the information that had just been said, but found it so completely strange, unlike anything I had come across before. To me this world was all I had known, what did it have to do with anything else, it was all a bit much for my brain to take in especially with the dull pain in my temple.
Eventually the silence was broken as Jondris said, “so why would this world deviate from its path around the sun and what would happen if it did so?” 
Master Letin looked at Jondris and replied, “well, please understand I am no expert on matters of astronomy, but according to the modelling on the chip, destructive forces would be brought into play that although imperceptible at first would culminate in a catastrophe of epic proportions, not only leading to the entire destruction of this world, but also the decline of orbital norms associated with other heavenly bodies in this solar system probably culminating in the destruction of this whole planetary system. Everything we know, every trace of our presence in the galaxy would be completely destroyed never to return, or even any hint remain that we ever existed.”
We all stood there completely shocked and numbed by what had just been said.
Jon then said more to himself than anyone else, “A Twist of Eternity.”
Master Letin looked at Jondris curiously, but before anything else could be said Serinae put her hand on Jon’s shoulder and said, “so what is all this information for?”
Master Letin shrugged, “I’m sorry, it is not apparent from what I have deciphered so far, I will of course work on this further with some urgency.” 
He then looked at each of us, “there is something else, two things in fact,” at this he paused and removing his spectacles he wiped his forehead on the back of his sleeve. “Most of the information contained on this chip is knowledge unknown to us, it is beyond what we have discovered about our own galaxy and the universe beyond. There are also very detailed graphical representations of the interactive arcane forces present across the universe. The majority of the information held on the chip could only have been gained by travelling across the stars and being able to visit other solar systems far beyond our galaxy”
I could see the look of wonder on his face.
“Two things,” I said, “you said two things?”
Master Letin looked nodded. “Yes, also contained within this Biplextor is information about the biological complexities of the life forms of this planet. Not the different forms of life but the basics of life, the very building blocks of life itself. There are details of chemical and biological makeups of many creatures.”
Here he paused before looking at Jondris and saying, “including much information on human kind. The biological basics of construction, the very building blocks of human life.” He sighed. “But curiously nothing, not a single scrap of data exists for Pnook, T’Iea, or Grûndén, not even for the Ognods or the Keepers for that matter, there is nothing pertaining to any of the elder races.”
He immediately turned on his heal walked across the floor to the room containing the chip decipher machine and closing the door.
On returning to us he said, “there have been significant re-writes of the information relating to human biological data, the reason for this I do not know, I would have to look deeper into the changes to try to discover what effect they may have, I would probably have to consult with others who have the appropriate scientific expertise. But these rewrites look to have been experimental.”
He looked at Jondris again and said, “I would say that someone is trying to play a dangerous game, I don’t know what kind of machine would use this Biplextor device or even if such a machine exists, if indeed that is its purpose. But if such a machine did exist then maybe, you understand this is pure conjecture on my part, then maybe someone is experimenting in the belief they could create beings like human men, or worse, men that have been genetically modified for some special requirement.” 
A hush fell across the room, I think it took at least several minutes for each of us to digest what we had just heard.
Master Letin asked that we not divulge this information to anyone else for the time being as he needed to make a complete investigation into the chips content, he also asked each of us to promise to keep this to ourselves for the foreseeable future as he would need to make a report to the appropriate people before anything became common public knowledge. Master Letin didn’t want to arouse suspicion by placing a guard outside the room, but he stressed in no uncertain terms that he would not allow anyone else near that machine. At this Master Letin led us out into the larger room. Then locking the door of the room from the outside he accompanied us back to the reception area at the entrance to the building. By this time the king and the directors of the Netli Organisation were no longer there but the messenger who had brought us remained waiting to I supposed to escort us back to where we were staying. As we prepared to leave Serinae excused herself and said that she needed to have a few words with Master Letin, the messenger started to complain but she shouted over her shoulder that she would catch up with all of us later. The messenger seemed quite upset and muttered to himself, he was obviously looking forward to relinquishing his duties as baby sitter to us. Eventually after an hour or so of waiting Serinae and Master Letin returned and after saying our farewells we all made our way out of the Netli building and travelled back to where we had our rooms.
That evening we were again in the common room, curiously Serinae was not there, but I did not think too much on this, we were used to her doing her own thing a lot of the time. The rest of my companions were chatting wildly about all that we had learned today. The revelations centred around the contents of the chip from the programming machine was driving the main discussion. We all understood various links to what Master Letin had described earlier, the worsening environmental changes that Serinae had experienced. What if the world were indeed moving away from its regular path around the sun?
Then there were the revelations that Venetra had divulged, Jon had already voiced the prospect of A Twist of Eternity as Venetra called the various catastrophes that her race had knowledge of. Where we experiencing the early effects of such a phenomenon? Then also Venetra had hinted that they had provided some kind of protection for this world, so why then was that protection not functioning as it should. What if something had gone wrong? Perhaps this protection had been tampered with, perhaps instead of protecting it was now destroying. Then Venetra had also promised a gift of great knowledge, perhaps this knowledge could be used for evil purposes as well as for good. Perhaps this knowledge could be used to save ourselves from such disaster, the promise of salvation almost.
We concluded that maybe, just maybe, the promised knowledge that Venetra hinted at was contained in some Biplextor devices. We had already found out that the Biplextors were not necessarily originally a Pnook invention, but something that may have been around prior to the Pnook using them. What if the Biplextors were an invention of Venetra’s people, wouldn’t it make sense then that the promised gift of knowledge was in fact written into such a Biplextor device, maybe the very one that Tezrin had investigated. It was also quite conceivable that there was more than one, especially as Tezrin had possibly found two now, the one he used here in Scienocropolis and another he had hired Serinae to find. If this was the case, then why was Tezrin trying to find these devices. Perhaps in the interests of security we should be hunting for them also. All this thinking and speculation was starting to make my head hurt, I needed a break from it all so I left my friends to their discussions.
Eventually Tnie also pulled himself away from the talk and I found myself talking with him. I expressed my wonder at the technological marvels I had witnessed today, he just shrugged as if it was all just a normal thing to him, but I wanted some answers. 
Tnie sighed and seemed to open up this time. “Well, I think you know that Don Trynacs’s sympathies lie with those who opposed the king on the destruction of the city, he has always been an astute politician and has always been extremely ambitious in his field. I suspect he may see this as a way to oust the king and for him to step in to the vacant place as ruler especially as the king’s family are now mostly gone and no clear descendant exists apart from the king’s son of course, but Prince Resen is famed as a military man and history has proven that our people are not sympathetic to any direct military involvement in the ruling of the city. This attitude dates back to when our people left Dahl’Ambronis and sailed to the great Rust Desert, the military is still held responsible for our defeat at the hands of the Ognods in ages past resulting in the great trials that followed our enforced banishment to the Rust Desert.”
“Where did the Pnook originally live then?” I asked.
“Well history tells us that once we once had a great city set upon the eastern plains in the far side of Dahl’Ambronis beyond the Great Spine. But tales tell of how it was completely ransacked and subsequently destroyed at first by the Ognods and then by others. There is reputed to be not a single brick or stone left of the old city, neither any hint as to where it was built.”
“What was it called, this ancient city of the Pnook?”
“It had many names in many tongues of old, but we named it Mechno Babaptruek, it was reputed to have been a great place of science and of learning.”
I did not recognise the name but was surprised that the Pnook seemed to have come from the eastern side of the continent, whereas the T’Iea and the Grûndén lived in the west. I asked him why this might be so.
He seemed to think about this for a time before replying. “I don’t rightly know, but there are stories that Mechno Babaptruek sat right over a great power source, some sort of natural phenomena that my people used to fuel their scientific discoveries, perhaps that is why we went there.” He smiled and looked at me. “You may find this interesting. It is also recorded that a great many of your people, the T’Iea, lived in the city to, but there is no record why, or where they went after the city fell to ruin.”
I was astonished, that meant that my people had knowledge of the eastern side of Dahl’Ambronis. But I had only known them to live in the west. What did this mean?
Tnie continued with his explanation of recent affairs. “But never the less, the king requested I leave the city for a while, he did not want me to become a scapegoat for Don Trynac’s sympathisers, especially as I was so involved in the plan to destroy the outer portion of the city. They, that is Don Trynac’s sympathisers are purposely relighting the fires in the minds of the people about yet another direct negative result of a perceived military failure. So the king gave me use of one of his personal air ships to allow me to leave and lie low for a while. But Don Trynac's even used this as a way to discredit me and possibly the king by claiming that I had stolen the airship and fled the city as a coward not wanting to face the consequences of my actions. The king did not want to reveal that he had given the airship to me for my personal use because of the damaging precedent it would set. So you see the king and Don Trynacs are locked in a political battle with each other for the hearts of the people. The difference is that Don Trynacs has everything to gain just as the king has everything to lose. 
I dreaded to think what line Don Trynacs will take if he ever discovered the contents of the chip that Tezrin had, I could imagine him complaining that the king let all that knowledge slip through his hands.”
I told Tnie of my concerns and sighed saying, “that’s the other mystery, what is Tezrin's game, he obviously realises that the necklace is far more than just a valuable trinket, somehow I think he knew this before he and Serinae set out to recover it. He obviously had at least one other chip in his possession and knew what it contained, or at least he does now. I can’t help but feel that the necklace, or at least these chips, are key in all this, key to everything.”
“I think you are correct Minervar,” was the reply. “I feel that all our fortunes are tied to that trinket and the Biplextors. Soon I suspect we shall be going after it. I doubt the king will let it wander around hanging from Tezrin’s neck for much longer.” 
“At least we know where Tezrin has gone, he has taken it with him to the Grûndén.” 
At this Tnie grunted, “well they won’t have a clue what to do with the thing that’s for sure, but it does intrigue me to wonder what Tezrin is going there for.” 
Łĩnwéé gave Tnie a rather dirty look.
Tnie smiled in response and said, “only kidding my friend.” 
“Well I have some news on that front.” Turning I saw that Serinae had arrived back and was standing in the doorway to the common room, “you know I stayed behind with Master Letin to have a further word with him?” 
We all turned to Serinae and nodded.
“Well I wanted to ask him something, I wanted to know whether or not he could make a copy of the information held on the chip that Tezrin has. An unmodified copy that is, in other words the original contents of the chip. It struck me that a copy was made into the chip machine just like Master Letin told us the machine would do, and so I wondered if a copy could be made the other way. I also wanted to know if Master Letin knew whether the copy was complete, he confirmed it was.” 
She then reached into a pocket and slowly withdrew a small clear jar, inside the jar we could clearly see a chip, a Biplextor, she placed it on the table in front of us. 
“So am I right in assuming, this chip in this jar is a copy, an exact replication of the chip that Tezrin had with him here in Scienocropolis?” Asked Jon, looking very excited. 
“Yes, exactly,” said Serinae. “But without the modifications that Tezrin made.”
Tnie reached for the jar on the table and looking at Serinae said, “may I?” 
Serinae nodded again and gestured that Tnie should take the jar which he did. After taking a look he returned the jar and the chip to Serinae who secreted it away in her back pack. 
Then Tnie asked, “so this chip contains the original image, not the modified one with the additional data that Tezrin had written into the chip?”
“Oh, yes. I don’t believe the modified one to be of any real use, other than for the selfish reasons of the person wanting to make the changes. If we are going to need a copy, then I feel it is the original image we will need.” 
She then leant forward and said, “I managed to persuade Master Letin to make me this copy, at first he was reluctant, but he seemed to realise that if Tezrin lost or destroyed the chip in his possession, then all the information on it would be lost and he understood that to have this happen may well be a catastrophe. He also understood that given the current political climate in Scienocropolis it would be wise to perhaps have a copy that was well beyond the reach of the powers that are locked in the struggle within Scienocropolis. But all of you please understand, I would not like anyone including the king to learn that we have a copy of this information, discovery will not bode well for us, for Master Letin or for the king I suspect.”
We all nodded in agreement and promised to keep this a secret closely within the members of our party.
 


Chapter 19 All Aboard The Land Train

Extract from the ‘Tide of the Red Sands’ by Solin De’Teinde.
The Rust Desert comprises mainly of sand formed from metal oxides. There is a tale of ancient times when the race of humans were a powerful people and dominated the world. A cataclysm of astronomic proportions changed this world forever. The tale in brief tells of a world completely covered in a gleaming metal city, not a single tree grew in the open, not one drop of open water was to be found below the sky. The whole surface of the world was one gigantic creation of human kind, the planetary wide city reputed to have been called Ferma Monopolis. The cataclysm that almost destroyed the humans also totally removed the great city from the face of the planet. The story describes how human kind in their arrogance fought a war against one another using weapons of immense power. Weapons of mass destruction that could destroy whole continents, in this way they destroyed themselves on a whim. But not totally. A few survived but they were enough to rebuild and continue the race of humans. These few survivors sought refuge deep in the world’s underground places and when after millennia and countless generations had passed, their thoughts eventually turned once more to the world above. They sought to regain once more the surface of the world. When they got there they found that nature had also survived against all odds. The world was once again dominated by natural beauty, the water now released, had once more formed great oceans. The world was returning to its former glory, its created truth.
Into this world the human race was reborn and survived by learning about the environment and instead of destroying it, working with it in harmony. The only reminder of past mistakes was the Rust Desert, said to be the sterile, oxidised remnant of Ferma Monopolis, left by the Maker as a reminder to human kind of their former folly.
~

We met with the king for the last time, he had a gloomy look about him and we found out why. Don Trynac's had been persuaded apparently to allow Tnie to leave the city again under an order of banishment. Tnie accepted this information solemnly even though no timescale of expiry or possibility of word of reprieve had been offered. So Tnie it seemed was destined to remain a scapegoat. The king for his part gave a whispered assurance that he would continue to support Tnie and his reputation as long as he was in power. He also promised to work to rescind the banishment order in some way or another, but at the moment he advised that Tnie take the chance of freedom whilst he could. The other disheartening news was Don Trynac’s insistence that passage back to Dahl’Ambronis was sought by alternative means. It seemed that for reasons of his own, he didn’t want us to use an airship to return to Amentura. He did however concede the use of an airship to take us across the great maelstrom surrounding the city, but it was quite plain that we would be dropped onto the desert just beyond to face the sands. Banishment it seemed was to the desert below and no further. I supposed somewhat sarcastically that criminals such as the likes of us were not allowed such preferential treatment as to be given passage on an airship to a place of our desire, least of all one owned by the royal family.
The king told us that our best bet would be to head east and seek passage on a sea going vessel. Apparently there was a port, a town of sorts on the coast of the Rust Desert, this place, rather unimaginatively called Port Town, was situated on the only part of the coast that came down to sea level. Trade routes to Port Town across the Rust desert were quite frequently travelled, so the king told us that he had at least arranged that the airship carry us to an outpost in the Rust Desert known to be frequented by the nomadic tribes of the area as a gathering point before moving on to Port Town.
We asked him what Port Town was like, he told us that he had never been there, but even though it was a Pnook controlled town of sorts, its remoteness meant it was completely autonomous having very little to do with the administration in Scienocropolis, basically it did its own thing including allowing a healthy black market trade to flourish. It was reputed to be a less than savoury place where even though law abiding merchants plied their wares, brigands and pirates were also said to hold out. As long as the local taxes and levied charges were paid on time, anyone could claim the ‘protection’ of the corrupt administration.
We also asked about these nomadic tribes that he mentioned. He said that they were a loosely knit people, Pnook that for some reason had either freely decided, or found it necessary to live outside of the city of Scienocropolis and therefore outside of Pnook. Some it seemed were outcasts that could not come to terms with the close knit Pnook society and had decided a more solitary life in the desert was preferable. Although I did not voice it, I did find myself somewhat sympathetic to this suggestion. Some also lived there after banishment for crimes or other reasons; he looked somewhat apologetically towards Tnie. But no one knew how many there were scratching an existence out of the desert, there was no way of knowing and the Pnook in the city cared little for these people it seemed. In fact the net result was the nomads were treated with some distaste and discrimination by the Pnook race as a whole. I think Tnie saw the irony in these words as he grunted in a rather dejected manner. But he told us later that an underworld of illicit trade went on uncontrolled for the most part between certain factions within the city and the nomads. I thought of Don Trynacs, perhaps unfairly for there was no evidence to suggest he may have any links with such people.
Surprisingly the king also commented that there were reports of human nomads also living in the desert although they were rarely seen and thus thought to be very few in number. But he added that they had apparently been there even before the Pnook built Scienocropolis. These peoples were largely a mystery and contact between them and the Pnook of Scienocropolis had always been extremely rare. So as with all of the nomad factions very little was really known about them, how they survived, or what they did to maintain their existence in such an inhospitable place, it seemed a complete mystery.
So it was, we gathered all our belongings and once again under armed guard were escorted to a hanger where we dutifully met the airship that would take us to the desert below. I noticed that Don Trynac’s was there at our departure with a small contingent of other Pnook all well dressed and looking down their noses at us. Obviously he wanted to be seen to be enforcing his will and upholding his part of the agreement made with the king. In the end I was glad to be leaving this place for many reasons. I did not think I would be revisiting Scienocropolis, for in many ways I found it to be as inhospitable as the Rust Desert that surrounded it. I felt sorry for the Pnook, they seemed to be faced with so much uncertainty, but then weren’t we all? So I resigned myself to a trip through the Rust Desert. It held an adventurous attraction, something I looked forward to as a desirable alternative to a more extended stay within the Pnook city. After all it was to be the first leg of our journey back home to Dahl’Ambronis.
I prepared myself for a repeat of the eventful flight over the maelstrom that encircled the city. But in the end I had nothing to worry about for this time we were starting out from a higher point above the Rust Desert from within the city itself and proved to be a much easier flight over the top of the chaotic winds. This coupled with already having done it once I was prepared. This made the return trip a lot less physically stressful and the drop down to the desert beyond proved far less a cause for anxiety. 
The trip was short, not more than a couple of hours in the air and we eventually found ourselves standing in the rust desert looking at a collection of tin shacks surrounded by a strange collection of wheeled vehicles. Behind us the maelstrom of wind and sand continued in its eternal movement but it was far enough away that the sound was quite tolerable. As soon as we had disembarked, the airship on which we had arrived took off and flew back the way we had come. 
Left with little alternatives we made our way to the largest of the shacks and pushing open the door stepped within. After the blazing sun outside, the inside of the shack looked dark and it took some minutes for our eyes to adjust to the gloom. In comparison it felt cold within the shack I could feel cooler and dryer air moving about within the large single room. I looked around once my eyes allowed it, the floor was compressed it felt hard and looked although something had been poured over the floor to stick the grains of sand together for the surface was rough and gritty but no loose grains could be seen or felt. The walls inside were wooden for the most part, various planks were attached to the walls, all were bleached dry and almost looked fossilised. Various cupboards and other storage places were arranged around the outside walls of the room, one such cupboard hung on the wall by large metal brackets, in the centre was a circular opening in which a circular metal blade was spinning slowly and this I found out was the cause of the cool air movement within the shack. But it quickly became apparent that the place seemed devoid of anybody. Whoever we were supposed to meet here, if indeed anyone did live here, may have been in another of the shacks. But then a noise from above our heads made us look up. There in the rafters sat a Pnook of what looked like great age by the look of him. He was muttering and cursing to himself and wielding a large wooden mallet which he began to strike against the roof panels. 
He didn’t look at us but said, “be right there, gotta fix this damn roof ‘afore the winds come ag’in.”
There was more cursing and swearing but after a while we caught the word “gotcha!” At this the little man jumped down to the ground and bowing before us said, “my fine fellows Master Fattel at y’ur service.”
I wondered that he had jumped down from the rafters, perhaps he was not that old after all for he appeared agile in his movement.
He had short stubbly growth for hair and beard. A deep scar ran up the side of his face over his left eye which was milky white and he was obviously blinded in that eye. He wore short trousers that came to just below his knees, this garment had many pockets and loops about it, many tools of varying sorts hung there, the trousers themselves had the look of being repaired many times. His legs were bare and even his feet just had a thin strip of leather for a sole held on by a single thin braided leather strap. On his muscular upper body was a thin garment, sleeveless, also seemingly made from many different pieces of cloth, the stitching more practical than ornamental. His muscled  arms ended in gloved hands, but the gloves had no fingers in them to speak of just short frayed portions that ended at the first knuckle of each finger. The index finger and thumb of his right hand were missing which made that hand look like some kind of claw. Where the thumb should have been a silvery metal spike showed. Master Fattel then turned and strode to a table in one corner onto which he placed the large mallet he was holding, then wiping his hands on his short trousers he said over his shoulder, “and how may I be of service t’day?”
Tnie explained that we had come from Scienocropolis and sought passage to Port Town.
Master Fattel looked each of us up and down and raised one eyebrow. I expected him to start asking awkward questions, but then I remembered the description of the Pnook who lived in the desert and decided that he probably didn’t care, I suspected he was used to this as the king did say that this place was a staging area for those traveling the route east.
“Aye, well y’ur luck tis in, I’m expectin’ a Land Train through these parts goin’ to the port, in fact it is overdue by about a week, but I’m sure it is close by.” 
We were offered drinks while we waited and this we accepted although the price asked for the water was quite steep. The water itself was tepid and tasted of minerals that gave a slightly unpleasant after taste. I must have made a face for Master Fattel laughed at me his wide grin exposing red gums where his two upper front teeth were missing, and said, “hmmm not to m’ lady’s likin’ I see?”
I blushed and kept quiet.
He said with a frown, “well y’ur lucky t’ have it at all. Water round here is a pretty rare commodity, but the machine I use out back to recycle it is reliable enough.” 
Recycle! I felt like spitting the water from my mouth but managed to swallow it, but I found I could not manage another mouthful. So Master Fattel after guessing I was not going to drink any more asked if he may have the mug of water back, I handed it to him and he walked to the tank where he got the water and opening a lid on the top poured my water back in while he said, “waste not, want not.” He didn’t offer any refund and I didn’t think asking for one would result in his sympathy, anyway as we were reliant on Master Fattel’s hospitality to remain out of the Sun and his good wishes in arranging our transport I thought it best to stay quiet.
Master Fattel went about doing whatever it was he needed to do, there was a lot of coming and going to and from the shack we were in, sometimes we heard hammering and other noises outside, but none of us were tempted to go and see what he was up to, it was just too hot and dusty out there.
But soon we heard and felt a soft rumbling noise coming from outside, I wondered if it was the dread winds that Master Fattel had muttered about, but this noise was rhythmical and had a mechanical sound about it. Master Fattel returned and opening the door smiled in satisfaction saying, “better late than never.” 
We followed him outside and there we could see a massive vehicle rumbling towards us. The machine appeared to be constructed in three sections, each section joined to its partner or partners in the case of the centre one, by two articulated collars. It had no wheels at least none that were apparent, instead it seemed to run upon six sets of very wide metal feet, two sets to each of the three sections of the machine. Each set had many feet, for I noticed they arched down in front from somewhere up inside the body of the machine, then after touching the sand they stayed where they were whilst the machine moved forward over them and then they were picked up at the rear and once more disappeared back into the machines body. I assumed they would eventually move forward inside the machine and appear again at the front only to repeat the whole procedure. The machine entered the compound of huts and shacks and slowed, it jerked and eventually came to a halt standing just inside the circle of shacks where we were. The vehicle dwarfed everything else in the compound; in fact it dwarfed the whole compound. It shook and vibrated as it stood there stationary, causing red dust to fly up into the air, brown oily smoke or maybe dirty steam was billowing into the sky above the rear part of the vehicle from a tall vertical chimney stack, the upper portion of which was bent facing the rear at right angles. 
As the vehicle stood before us shuddering, there was a collection of grating noises and squeaks and a loud explosion above us which seemed to eject a big plume of the oily smoke into the sky from the chimney, I found there to be something quite comical about the whole thing. Then following a rattling gasping noise, silence fell once again around us. A minute or so later a door in the side of the vehicle high up on one side of the leading section flew open with a loud metallic creaking and then a clang as it swung back striking the side of the machine. A rope ladder was thrown down to the ground from the dark interior. A small figure appeared at the open doorway and after glancing around came sliding down the ladder. The figure appeared to be a Pnook wearing a long leather great coat that looked to be longer than he was, but he stepped to the ground and turning to face us I saw that he had a mask of some sort covering his face and large goggles over his eyes. This attire reminded me of the similar protective gear we wore in the airship on our way to Scienocropolis. The lenses of the goggles he wore made his eyes look abnormally large and added to the whole comical picture presented to us. I sniggered.
This newcomer approached where we stood and slipped the goggles onto the top of his head, then after removing his mask, he stared up at each of us, he looked unwashed, had a wispy fuzzy beard which he fingered whilst he studied us and when he smiled which looked a lot like a sneer. He too had several teeth missing and those that remained were bent at all angles. He looked at me hard, I found my smile leaving my features, he nodded in what seemed some satisfaction and presented himself as to all of us as JDC, he further remarked in a quite obscure manner as if he expected to be asked that we were not to seek what that meant because he would divulge to no one his true identity for reasons of his own. Master Fattel spoke with JDC about our passage to Port Town on the coast. JDC nodded and grasping Master Fattel’s arm walked him across from us to a shady area beneath one of the shacks. A whispered discussion between the two of them commenced and eventually they seemed to come to an agreement. JDC removed a heavy glove from one hand and he spat on his outstretched hand as did Fattel and I got the impression that some irreversible agreement had been made between them. Fattel strode over to where we stood and a price was demanded from us. I gasped, the demanded price was very high, I also felt a little put out that we had no say in the negotiation. I went to remark on this when Tnie caught hold of my arm and looking up at me shook his head as if to say don’t say it! So I didn’t.
Jondris paid Fattel, who nodded in satisfaction then strode across to where JDC stood. He then counted out some of the coin and gave it to JDC; the two Pnook then shook hands.
It turned out that JDC was only here to pick up the miscellaneous array of old vehicles we had noticed on our arrival. After secreting the money somewhere within the folds of his coat, he walked back over to his machine and climbed the ladder part ways so that he was above the level of the feet on which the machine crawled along and could reach the main hull of the machine. He banged on the outside with the flat of his gloved hand; the sound was rather like the striking of a broadsword upon a shield. After a few seconds there was a hissing noise and a large door swung down from the back of the rearmost section of the machine, this opened fully until the upper edge of the door touched the sand. We all moved around to the rear of the machine, the Land Train as JDC called it, to see what would happen. JDC quickly set about loading the various machines into his Land Train through the large door which had now formed a gently sloping ramp. He walked inside and reappeared dragging what looked like a heavy rope with a hook on one end. The hook he attached to the nearest of the vehicles. He climbed onto the vehicle and waved his hand, the slack was taken up on the rope and he steered the vehicle as it was slowly dragged up the ramp to disappear inside his machine. This exercise was repeated several times until all the ‘scrap’ as he called it was on board and the large rear door closed again with a similar hissing noise. JDC then disappeared inside Master Fattel’s living quarters and the door was shut behind them. We looked at each other wondering what we should do. There was nothing for it but to follow them, it was too hot to stand around out there on the desert sands.
Inside the two Pnook sat in deep discussions. They shared the contents of a dark brown bottle Master Fattel had retrieved from its hiding place behind his water processing tank. There was a lot of whispering going on, fingers were waggled and the odd glance shot our way as they talked. These two were obviously swapping news and stories I guessed. Neither seemed to be in any hurry, the pace of the desert was obviously far slower than the Pnook pace of life we experienced in the city. I gathered some satisfaction from this thought. But I soon became bored so I stood and went back outside I walked over to the Land Train machine and eventually my curiosity got the better of me and I climbed gingerly up the rope ladder that still hung down the side. At the top I peered into the dark interior. It smelt of oil and machine. When my eyes adjusted I could see quite a large space full of odd things none of which I recognised. I started as I heard a sound. It was not from inside this chamber but seemed to come from behind a closed door across the room. A wheel device on the door started to turn and the door opened a few centimetres, then it closed again and the wheel device turned the other way. So, there was obviously at least one other person in the machine. I was determined to find out so I made to climb into the machine proper when Jondris called out to me to come down. I frowned, I wanted to investigate these strange happenings, but Jondris called again, I turned to scold him, but there standing beside him was JDC. I decided it was probably best to do as I was told.
An hour later, JDC had picked up some supplies from Master Fattel and finally we appeared to be ready to set off across the Rust Desert to Port Town. After gathering all our belongings, we were ushered into the machine via the rope ladder and through the metal door out of which JDC had first appeared.
After passing through the door we found ourselves in the room full of equipment and other paraphernalia I had viewed earlier. There were no places to sit in the ‘control kiosk’ as JDC called it, for one thing it was full of old bits of metal and what looked like half-finished sculptures, plus a lot of equipment and pipes that I didn’t even begin to understand the purpose of. JDC was the last to enter the control kiosk and once he was inside he reached out and pulled up the rope ladder, this he stowed neatly away under the floor at the entrance to the machine by lifting a metal plate and replacing it again after the ladder was stowed inside. Then leaning far out and around he grabbed a rope attached to the inside of the door and pulled the door closed, with a metallic creaking and a loud clang it shut, he spun a wheel on the inside of the door and we were sealed within the confines of JDC’s Land Train. I sat down on the metal floor of the machine for the only seat in the whole place was the one that JDC would later sit at pulling levers and turning wheels, obviously intent on controlling the progress of his machine across the expanse of the Rust Desert.
I looked around the room in which we sat. The interior was lit by several glass globes inside which could be seen a bright spark of light that shimmered and moved between two long metal pins, I found out later that I could amuse myself by touching the outside of these globes causing the spark of light to split into two and whilst one spark stuck rigidly between the pins, the other was attracted to the tip of my finger and would follow it as I moved my hand around the outside of the globe.
A number of doors all with similar locking wheels led away from this room including the one I had seen open before. These obviously lead to other places deeper within the machine itself. I was tempted to look in each out of curiosity. Then my eyes spied a rack on one wall that had several long metal tubes mounted upon it, each tube had a highly polished wooden handle or paddle at one end, a neat hole was cut through the wood and a little metal lever protruded into the hole. These items caught my eye for they were the only things in sight that looked to be well looked after and as a result were sparkling clean.
I jumped in surprise as suddenly one of the doors flew open, the same one I had seen ajar before. But this time it opened sharply with a bang and a bizarre looking little man smaller than any other Pnook I had seen shot into the room wiping his hands on a dirty, oily rag, he raised the rag and sneezed twice into it then wiping his nose on the same rag placed it into a pocket mounted on the outside of the long leather coat he wore similar to that worn by JDC. He also had the large lensed goggles on, although the glass lenses where hinged up within their frames and his eyes could be seen clearly, I giggled because the raised lenses made him look like he had the most bizarre looking eyebrows. He seemed to stare nervously at each one of us, but his eyes somehow didn’t seem to focus on me as he looked in my direction, it was if he looked my way but didn’t see me. But he walked over to where JDC sat. JDC reached inside his tunic beneath his great coat and pulled out what looked like a leather wallet very similar to the one in which Tnie kept his selection of Biplextors. This he opened and I was not surprised as within the wallet held in little transparent pockets were a number of these little chips. JDC ran his finger down the pockets until he came to the chip he was obviously looking for and withdrawing it from its little pocket, he reached out and grasped the wrist of the little Pnook and then holding it tight placed the chip into his hand. I wondered if the little man was blind as he appeared to be here with us yet not entirely aware of his surroundings. But the little Pnook turned and strode purposefully back across the floor and disappeared through another of the doors with another bang and crash. I looked around at my companions in bewilderment; the best response I got back was a shrug from Łĩnwéé. So I went and sat beside Tnie and asked him why JDC had all those chips and why he had handed one to the little man. Tnie told me that the chips held information on them needed by the Land Trains machinery to ensure it functioned correctly. He assumed the information held on that particular most probably contained some important data key to the Land Train in which we travelled and possibly navigational information required to get us to Port Town. Tnie told me that sometimes operators removed some or all of the chips when leaving machines unattended as a security measure, so that the machines could no longer be used by anyone else or indeed function accidentally and be out of direct control. Satisfied I returned to my seat. JDC had moved to the single seat and just sat at the controls intently watching the monitor screen as he called it. Within a minute or so the monitor screen flashed into life and an image of the desert could be seen upon the screen. JDC pushed a button set into the wall by his side and the machine shuddered, a deep throbbing vibration started and could be felt through the floor on which I sat. But after thirty seconds or so the noise and vibration stopped and JDC cursed under his breath. He pushed the button again with the same result. After another curse slightly louder this time he grabbed hold of a flexible tube and flipping a lid open in the end with his thumb he blew down the tube and lifted it to his ear. After a few seconds of waiting he removed the tube from his ear and placing it around his mouth shouted something into the tube in the Pnook language. After this he grunted and replacing the cap back onto the end of the tube he replaced the tube onto the little hook made for the purpose and pushed the button again. There were the same deep vibration, but this time instead of stopping the vibration continued even after JDC had removed his finger from the button. He nodded his satisfaction and pushed slowly on a lever in front of him and I felt a sudden motion as the machine lurched forward. Looking over JDC’s shoulder I could see the desert moving in the monitor screen it appeared to be sliding down from the top of the screen then disappearing from view at the bottom. JDC turned a black knob situated on the panel in front of him and I could see the picture in the monitor change until the horizon showed about half way up.
I never did get used to the lurching motion of the machine as it seemed to claw its passage over the desert sands. Because we were some several metres above the ground every slope whether traversed sideways or front ways was accentuated within the vehicle.  With each lurching motion things hanging about on the wall of the control room swung this way and that, a particularly annoying flexible hose kept banging into the side of my head where I sat so I moved away from the arc of its persistent swing making sure nothing else could strike me.
After an hour or so of travelling Tnie made his way over to JDC’s chair and started to try and engage in conversation. JDC was quiet at first preferring I assumed to concentrate on driving the machine across the desert, but after a few compliments from Tnie on his driving skills and ability to read the desert JDC loosened up a little. Soon another hour had passed and it seemed by the flow of conversation that Tnie and JDC were now the best of friends. I was surprised when JDC got out of the chair and Tnie sat down and took the controls. JDC stood by his side giving advice and how gentle movements were better because the controls were a little over sensitive. After a few big jerking movements as Tnie got familiar with the controls we settled down again to the rhythmic movements as the machine progressed across the desert. Tnie remained in deep concentration, but JDC once he was confident of Tnie’s capabilities relaxed even more and started to chat. In fact during the rest of the journey Tnie and JDC shared the driving; this was much to the delight of JDC because we were now able to travel day and night. Whereas when on his own even JDC had to sleep sometimes, so his journeys were interrupted at night time. I asked why the other little Pnook man didn’t drive. JDC just grunted and laughed saying that he wouldn’t let the other drive if his life depended upon it.
In the days that followed I got chatting to JDC about various things. For a while he spoke about his machine which seemed to be the love of his life, indeed his very existence seemed to rely heavily on the Land Train, it was both his home and his livelihood. He explained how he had come across it as a wreck many years ago whilst in Jethrent. A human trader had shipped it to the place in many parts on many sand sleds dragged by Duagnuats. JDC explained that he had won it in a game of Clastitor and he had repaired it himself out of odd parts he either found or bartered for in various other places across the desert. I asked him excitedly about this Jethrent for I assumed it was a place somewhere in the desert, obviously where the various nomadic peoples met, perhaps it was even the city of the humans that the king had said were supposed to survive in the desert. He told me that it was not a town, rather only a ramshackle collection of tents, it was a nomad’s haunt, but it did not describe a place, more a recognised gathering, an event where the human tribes met once a year to exchange stories, get goods, meet other tribes and clans and get thoroughly drunk. It appeared that they even found partners and got married there to. He explained that there were many more humans living in the desert than anyone thought, although the actual number would be impossible to come to. The humans it seemed lived in several clans, within each clan were numerable tribes, extended family groups really and there was no centralised government or any organised administration.
I asked then about the Duagnuats he had mentioned and was told that these were hardy beasts of burden, not native to the desert for nothing lived here as a natural habitat. It was the humans that brought the Duagnuats here from some unknown lands. These beasts were very hardy and strong, they could survive on little food and water. Human families living in the desert had at least one Duagnuats, most had several, for these creatures were vital to life in the desert.
I asked him about the Rust Desert itself and how long he had been traversing it. He told us that he had been travelling the desert for many years, too many for him to remember, he couldn’t shed any light on the history of the desert though. All he said was that the desert was trouble if you did not afford it the respect that it demanded. He told us only the nomads like himself and the human nomadic tribes he had previously mentioned travelled across the desert in family groups. But these people, the humans that is, were mysterious, they never showed their faces, at least not in public and would go out of their way to avoid you if you approached them, unless of course they needed something that you had, then they would confer for hours with each other before nominating one of their family members to approach and do business. You never knew who you were getting, sometimes a male but equally it could be a female, sometimes an adult but equally it could be a small child. One thing for sure though, they were all of them astute and very, very clever. You had to agree a price with them for if you did not generally you would find the item being traded went missing anyway so you may as well earn something from it. He mentioned that he did not like their company too much on the whole because he always felt an outsider, they never seemed to accept him. But he said he made a good living trading with both these folk, the Pnook nomads and humans.
Apparently he was dealing mainly in water as it was very rare to find any in the deep desert proper, apart from once a year in Jethrent, which is one of the reasons apparently that the nomadic tribes congregate once a year. The Jethrent was always held in a special secret place where water could be found. The only other way to get water in any quantity was to either buy it from merchants like him. The alternative was to gather condensation, but this only obtained a small amount at a time. He also dealt in anything else that the people of the desert valued from time to time. He commented that he should get a good price in Port Town for the scrap metal from the vehicles he took on board at Master Fattel’s place. When I asked about where the vehicles came from he explained that the desert peoples found them from time to time and would bring them to Master Fattel’s trading post. Before I could ask more I became distracted for he started to mention more about our destination of Port Town.
It transpired that like most merchants like him, he obtained his water from Port Town where we were headed. He explained that Port Town had water desalination plants and water was available there in quantity as desalinated sea water. 
At this he walked over to a basin on one wall of the control room and holding a battered metal cup under a small tap filled it with what I guessed was water.
He offered this to me and said, “try this girly, ’tis desalinated sea water from the Trad, you may find it better than t’ vintage that Fattel sells.”
I took the mug and sniffed at the contents suspiciously, and gently brought the lip of the mug to my lips and sipped the tiniest drop of liquid possible. I was surprised, pleasantly surprised in fact, the water tasted not at all bad, it still had a slightly flat, salty flavour but it was ice cold and actually pleasant enough to drink, so I kept the mug and drank some more. 
JDC nodded approvingly and went on to explain that the tanks that held his water were chilled because he always hated warm drinks.
It also turned out that JDC admitted being something of a collector, at this I smiled looking around this room at all the various artefacts. He said, “aye much can be gleamed from places where the desert tide is right.”
I asked him what he meant by tides, for he had already said there was no water here. He explained that the red dust behaved like water. The moon as it journeyed round the world dragging the dust which being ferrous exhibited magnetic properties of its own just as if it were water. Dependant on where you were in the desert, depended how high the shifting dusts would rise and fall. You had to be careful and he showed me a cupboard full of charts that he had made himself that contained sort of maps with many figures scripted upon them that denoted tidal flows with measurements of dust flow. He seemed quite proud of these as it had taken much journeying and many years to accumulate the information contained within these charts. He also said that the work had paid off in the long run because no one else possessed this information and many were as a result keen to pay for his skills as a guide.
Then he said a curious thing, “out in t’ deep desert I have seen odd things. Sometimes the wind blows in such a way and when assisted with the tides the dust is removed from a whole area right down t’ the bed rock below, sometimes strange constructions are revealed mostly metal structures that look like the skeletons o’ buildings. There is normally quite good scavenging t’ be had at these times, you never know what will be uncovered.”
“Like those vehicles you have stowed away in the Land Train?”
He nodded, “exactly so girlie, yes.”
He went on to say that he employed nomad kids with a small annual retainer to keep an eye out for such occurrences, he showed me a tattered note book where he wrote down the name of the kid that had informed him, the time of year that the sighting had been made and the sum of money paid to his informant. He told of how down there below were the remains of a city perhaps, at least the very tops of a city, for the lower regions seemed to be buried deep within the bedrock. Sometimes entrances could be found that if you managed to get them open enabled you to descend through the interior of the buildings deep into the earth through the bed rock itself below the deserts surface and if you got lucky many treasures could be found. He believed it all originated from a lost civilisation, long forgotten now. He said that he could link such places with his tidal maps and could now begin to predict when and where these things would become accessible, not only that but a more accurate idea of how long this access would stay open for. He had started to test his theories a couple of months previously with some success.
He reached down into his inside coat to what I supposed where pockets, he retrieved a little flat box shaped item. He pressed a button that was invisible on the surface and a square of light formed on the upper edge of one side of the box, he pressed another button and a faint sound of some kind of music started to play and I could see what looked like human men and women moving around. As I looked at the area of light they seemed to be playing some kind of game with children involving the throwing of a spherical object that the children tried to catch. I was transfixed by this, was it reality or just some made up thing of arcane making I did not know, but those represented in the moving pictures looked real enough. But I could see no sense in what they were doing, I mean I knew what they were doing having fun, but why put these images in such a little device, what possible reason or use could it have. Then the little device went blank only to brighten again moments later, the same humans were sitting around a table drinking from glasses as if they were in a tavern. Following this the image shifted again and a small child appeared throwing a similar spherical object across a large area of short green grass, a small animal that looked like some kind of miniature wolf chased after the object and after returning it to the child dropped the object at his feet. The child took up the object and again threw it, once more the wolf went after it and returned with it. As I watched in fascination this repeated several times before the picture went black and no more could be seen. I remained transfixed by the imagery I witnessed within the box.
I asked, “what is it for?”
JDC just shrugged and returned the small device back into his pocket and was silent. I looked again around the room in which we sat, it suddenly occurred to me that much of the collection of stuff in the Land Train may have been scavenged from the desert. I confirmed this with JDC he smiled and said that yes that was just so, over the years he had found all sorts of things. 
“Including those?” 
I pointed to the rack of long tubes on the wall that I noticed earlier. 
He eyed them and said, “ah yes, me rif’als.”
I looked questioningly at him and he explained that they were some kind of long forgotten human weapon a bit like the gnome projectile weapons in that they fired a sort of arrow, or shell as he called it, but fired it so fast you couldn’t see it going through the air and it would travel for some thousand metres before it fell to earth. He explained that the Pnook had copied the weapons he had found and they were now a common weapon for Pnook guards to carry. I did recall seeing similar things amongst the guards that had arrested us on our arrival to Scienocropolis.
“But those are unusual,” he went on to say with a hint of pride in his voice.
“I ‘ave kept these a close secret because they are particularly special. I was very fortunate to find ‘em. Once far to the south the wind had uncovered a portion o’ desert, the exact position was revealed to me by some nomads I regularly traded water with. In exchange they told me about the cleared area, so I rushed down there as fast as I could. This hollow was deep, right down t’ the bed rock, well not a natural bed rock but a kind of manufactured rock was laid bare, flat and level it was. Several rusted vehicles lay lined up neatly just as on the day they were buried it seemed. These had hulls of thick metal and no window to look out of anywhere, when I got down to ‘em I could not see a way inside to start with, but finally up on top was a round kind o’ hatch affair. After a bit of hammerin’ and leverin’ I managed to get this hatch open. Once the seal was breached there was a hiss of air that came out, stank it did, but after a while I hung m’ head down to take a peek inside. Immediately below me sat a human skeleton dressed in a green overall, in front o’ ‘im where controls I guessed for drivin’ the machine. I jumped down inside but as I brushed against the poor fella’ at the controls he crumbled to dust. I shone m’ light down the length of the vehicle inside and believe me girly I got the shock o’ me poor life I can tell ye. For there, sittin’ on seats along each side starin’ at each other was about twenty or so human skellies. How they died was a mystery at first for there was no sign o’ any struggle, they just seemed to have died where they sat. They each wore armour o’ a sorts, helmets with visors over their faces and body armour and underneath this they wore some kind of suit that covered every part o’ ‘em, head t’ foot. Strapped to each o’ their backs were these ‘ere ri’fals, well I didn’t think these guys would mind a hoot if I took an armful along whit’ some ammo. But imagine my surprise when I disturbed the bodies to get at the ri’fals I discovered that each body was missing the skull and spinal vertebrae. Each helmet was empty. These parts were gone, no trace remained. It was as if some unmentionable thing had taken each one cleanly and surgically from the body. Well it wasn’t a pleasant job recovering those ri’fals I can assure you, but that’s how I came by ‘em.”
“So what makes them so special then,” I asked. 
“Ach, well girly these fire an explosive projectile that is quite devastating on impact. I may sell one o’ ‘em t’ the Pnook or t’ any other highest bidder one day if I am a little short o’ funds, they are part o’ my retirement fund if you will.”
I made the comment that he sounded although he had regular contact with the Pnook of the city. He replied that he did not, in fact he seemed adamant that he had no contact whatsoever with Scienocropolis. He spoke of the city as if he disliked the very thought of dealing with it. But, he added, there were a few within the city who could be trusted and who saw a benefit to keeping old Master Fattel sweet. Some obviously saw value in Master Fattel being a go-between with those who lived in the desert.
“The king, he knew of Master Fattel’s outpost?”  JDC just placed his finger to the side of his nose and winked at me. He would say no more.
We travelled like this for several days. Progress was slow but at least we had drinkable water, dried food and shelter from the burning sun and the violent sand storms that we came across occasionally. To relieve the boredom JDC showed us around the Land Train, he was obviously proud of it and never tired of taking one or more of us for a little guided tour whilst the machine was driven by Tnie. It was quite large inside, but many of the various compartments were filled with all manner of old junk and things. Occasionally we bumped into the strange little Pnook that had flittered in and out of the control room when we first set out. It turned out that this little man whose name was Citac had a natural talent and skilful way with all things mechanical, so he spent his time running about the machine keeping everything in fine working order. I asked JDC for information on Citac’s history, all he would say was that Citac had actually come with the Land Train. JDC said he was invaluable during the months that he was reconstructing and repairing the Land Train and once this had been done Citac would not leave it. It was as if Citac was part of the Land Train, for it was clearly because of the machine that he stayed, not for any love or friendship he had with JDC. He went on to explain that on the odd occasions when Citac had left the Land Train he seemed to be lost, literally lost, for he would flounder about grasping with his hands as if he were blind. Yet JDC knew that the little man could see. It was as if Citac’s physical form was in this world, but his psyche and vision were locked within the Land Train and he left this part of him behind if he left it. JDC told me that the trader he had won the parts of the Land Train from told him that Citac had something to do with the wrecking of the Land Train, but could not, or would not provide any further details. He seemed to regard this history with some fear, or at least trepidation. This understanding and resulting fear was the reason JDC would not allow Citac to take control, not that the little man had asked to do so anyway.
“This trader of which you speak, what race was he?” I did not know why I asked this question, it was just provoked by something sparking in my mind.”
“I don’t know for sure. I never saw his face, he kept it hidden within the hood of his dark robes at all times. I always thought him to be human, but now I think about it, his accent and the way he moved did not seem human, at least not now.” JDC looked at me as if sizing me up in his mind.
"You think he may have been one of my people? A T’Iea?
He just shook his head and remained in thought for a few minutes.
I found all this fascinating, I even tried to talk to Citac himself, but all of my attempts were met with a bizarre stare for he did not seem to acknowledge my voice, his eyes although looking in my direction always appeared to be gazing past me through my head to a point somewhere in the distance, it was always quite an unnerving experience. Never, not once, did Citac speak back to me or even seem to acknowledge my presence in any other way. When I asked JDC about him he just said that the little Pnook wasn’t all there.
During the early morning on the last day I went through one of the doors in the control room that JDC had shown me a number of days before. This door didn’t open into another room, but opened at the base of a vertical metal tube that had a single ladder affixed to the inside. As I had done a few times before I climbed this metal ladder and climbed the metal tube, then opening a hatch at the top of the tube climbed out onto the roof of the machine. Here there was a circular lookout area surrounded by a safety railing, I liked coming up here as did the rest of the party, for it afforded some relief from the heat and oily smell of the interior of the machine. From the height of this viewing platform you could see for miles across the desert. Not that anything other than red sand could be seen as far as the eye could see. But on this particular morning a spied a blue line on the horizon in front of us. I sat and leant against the railing and watched as this line got thicker and thicker as we moved across the desert. It suddenly occurred to me that it was the Trad Ocean and we were nearing the end of our journey in JDC’s Land Train. There was a little speaking tube with a whistle by the side of the hatch, I blew down the tube and shouted down, “hey all of you, you should come and see this.” 
So up came Jondris, Serinae, Teouso and Łĩnwéé, apparently Tnie was again taking a stint at driving the machine so stayed below. I pointed to the blue horizon and the four of them gazed out at the obvious sight of the approaching ocean. As we got nearer something else began to show itself, there was a small dark area that could be seen between the blue of the ocean and the red of the desert. We seemed to be heading directly towards this dark area.
Serinae was also looking at this and said, “my guess is that is where we are headed. Port Town.” She pointed at the dark area.
The rest of that morning all five of us stayed up on the lookout platform gazing at the view ahead. Soon Port Town filled most of the view in front of us. It looked like a drab collection of metal huts, no building was higher than a single storey and the streets between the buildings were just dust roads of the same red dust that made up the surrounding desert. As we approached there seemed to be the remnants of a high fence surrounding the port. This fence, where it showed above the red dust, was made of ancient and rusting metal sheets. It seemed that someone had tried to ward the desert away trying to keep it from encroaching into the port. But they had obviously given up, as the desert had proven such an irresistible force. The red sands now strove to break down the man-made barrier and had even engulfed some of the outlying buildings. I thought how it must be a constant battle for the port to remain here and not be reclaimed by the persistent onslaught of the desert sands. 
Soon the machine came to a dead halt and the motor that drove it rattled, sputtered and sighed to a stop, its final encore the explosion and ejection of black oily smoke from the chimney at the rear. We climbed back down the ladder and into the control room. Here Tnie was in deep conversation with JDC about something. As we gathered our belongings in anticipation of our departure, JDC reached up and taking one of the rif’als off the wall handed it to Tnie. Then opening a cupboard below the rif’als he brought out a number of boxes which he placed inside Tnie’s back pack.
I caught JDC saying something, but the only words I could make out were, “thank you again Tnie, make sure you treat this weapon with respect use it sparingly, for I can only give you limited ammunition.”
Tnie nodded and putting his pack over one shoulder he picked up the rif’al and loosening a leather strap attached along the length of the tube he slung it over his other shoulder and across his back. There was something about the way that JDC had spoken to Tnie when he thought no one else could hear, his accent had disappeared?
So we left JDC to his business of filling up with water and unloading the scrap vehicles from the rear of the Land Train. We all thanked him for his passage and wished him well on his return journey. He smiled and said in his accented voice, that it was his pleasure and should we need him again that he regularly visited Port Town normally every three to four months unless he got delayed exploring the deep desert. He told us in any case to wait for his return and he would gladly ferry us back across the desert should we need to go.
We turned and waving farewell walked into the narrow streets of Port Town, my final view of JDC and his Land Train was of the Pnook walking across the red sands dragging a large silver hose which he proceeded to connect to some receptacle after opening a metal door in the side of one of the buildings.
I turned and followed my companions towards Port Town proper.

Chapter 20 Escape from Port Town

Extract from ‘The Journal of a Salt Sea Dog’, by Solin’De’Teinde.
Ships once plied the ocean regularly. Trade was profitable, as many seaborne vessels as there were airborne carried the goods. Originally the seaborne vessels made land at a point where the great cliffs of the continent dipped down to meet the sea. This was the only place along the thousands of miles of coast where this was possible. It was a dangerous business at first for no quay or jetty was there, a treacherous landing where many a sailor drowned.
But then the Pnook built a jetty, initially out of an old battleship which they had scuttled near to the shore line. The Pnook started to charge for mooring and the price of goods went up accordingly. But the numbers of ships mooring increased, the increase in trade quadrupled the economy, the Pnook created a full-blown administration and inevitably a town sprang up around it.
~

Port Town seemed nothing of note, the types people we passed just went to confirm in my mind what the King Tuines had told us, that it did indeed seem to be full of the most untrustworthy looking representatives of the elder races and of men, for all were shady looking characters and those that were not so outwardly roguish looking, I thought I would trust even less.
We made our way straight down to the waterfront not wanting to stay in Port Town longer than was absolutely necessary. Many eyes followed our progress and I was sure that any lengthy stay here would relieve us of all our belongings, perhaps even the very shirts off our backs. People started following us like vultures awaiting the last breath of a dying animal, hungry for the promised spoils. I swear the only thing that kept them from attacking in broad daylight was the edgy look that Serinae and Łĩnwéé kept giving them whilst keeping their hands on their weapons. Łĩnwéé had slipped his battle axe from out of its holder across his back and now carried it at the ready on his shoulder, I noticed his fingers kept squeezing the grip, he almost looked although he was inviting a fight. I just kept my eyes looking ahead. I half expected to see an enclave of Ognods in the place for it seemed to me to be that bad.
It was mid-afternoon and we hoped that we may still yet have time this day to find a vessel that would take us back across the Trad Ocean to Amentura. I shuddered at the thought of us being the only victims available to the gathering crowds at the present time. Hungry eyes continued to follow us every step of the way, I swear that if any of us had dropped something it would have been swooped upon and caught in deft talons way before it had hit the ground, then carried off triumphantly as a trophy and probably fought over by the mob. 
I was quite relieved when we eventually happened upon the dockside. The wide ocean before us lending a slightly cooler breeze that brought a sweeter smell than that normally wafting over the main part of Port Town. The dock itself seemed to be made of the desert sand. Piled up along the water’s edge like a dike and fused into a solid mass like the floor of Fattel’s shack back in the desert. There were five vessels moored up along the dock, all but one was sailing vessels gaily painted and obviously in constant use. Sailors of varying races and sorts moved about the docks, some loaded, or unloaded cargo from the ships, others sat on coils of rope or on crates or other suitably shaped cargo, chatting, smoking pipes or undertaking other various leisurely activities. Just like the populations of the town, they all eyed us with suspicion, suggesting that these fellows were not to be trusted like the rest of the town’s inhabitants. It seemed that any of the races had the capability to turn their hands to sailing. Most of the Pnook strolling about the place however seemed to be in positions of authority, marching about with clip boards and accompanied by guards with projectile weapons. I saw human and T’Iea sailors, even quite surprisingly a few Grûndén. One of these stout fellows in particular caught my attention, he was dressed in bright silks, a loose fitting tunic and baggy pantaloons with black shiny boots that came up to his knees. He carried an array of weapons about his person. He spied Łĩnwéé and was not ashamed to stare at him for some time as we walked past. Łĩnwéé eventually just nodded at the Grûndén who nodded in return from beneath thick bushy eyebrows and turning strode off down the dock after placing a broad rimmed velvet hat upon his head into which had been placed a long colourful plume.
Many I noticed looked upon Serinae and me with some very unhealthy expressions and with a light in their eyes that suggested some very unhealthy thoughts. We approached one group of sailors, who were in the process of passing a bottle between one another, they started jeering at us and making all kinds of lewd comments about landlubbers and inaccurate references to our parentage. As we passed by, one lunged forward and grabbed my arm, I was forced to spiral around suddenly as my arm was twisted almost out of the shoulder socket and he drew me close to him. I could smell the drink upon his breath, he smiled revealing a mouth full of gold teeth and badly ulcerated gums. I was forced to try and reposition myself by standing on my toes so that he didn’t dislocate my shoulder at the same time trying to turn my face away from the overpowering stench of his breath.
I winced at the pain this caused and he laughed in my face as he said, “by the oceans breath ye be a fine little cutesy now.” He winked his eye at me and said, “ow’s abart sharin’ me a few o’ yuz delights fo’ a night o’ two eh? I nat be short o’ a few gold, an’ ye seems liken a favourable investment t’ these eyes o’ mine.”
His companions laughed heartily at this and I guess he was encouraged by their response for he bent down and grabbing me behind the legs lifted me across his shoulder and made to walk away. But before he had gone two steps and before I could think of any way to retaliate, I heard Łĩnwéé’s bass voice, looking up I saw my friend standing close by his hands grasping the hilt of the great battle axe that was no longer balanced on his shoulder but now held in front of him ready for battle.
“Na’ then laddie ye salt spittin’, brainless drunk’n dolot, ye be aputtin’ tha’ wee lassie down on ‘er feet agin ye hear before I chops ye’s legs off an’ makes ye crawl like t’ low life ye professes t’ be by ye’s actions agin’ a lady.” 
I felt my stomach being winded as I was jostled up and down on the man’s shoulder, I assumed he was laughing.
He turned and looking at Łĩnwéé, “whoa, cutesy I din’t know ye ‘ad yer kid brot’er wit’ yeh.”
At this some the gathered sailors burst into laughter, but a couple of them drew knives from their belts and brandished them towards my companions. But then I felt a jolt of a different kind and the man who held me doubled over releasing his grasp upon my legs and I was flung backward landing heavily on the ground knocking the wind out of me. I found myself staring up at Łĩnwéé for I lay at his feet. At the same time I heard the familiar metallic swish as Serinae drew her swords and the familiar growl of Teouso now in wolf form. I sat up, Jondris was rubbing the knuckles of his right hand and looking down at the crumpled sailor who was rolled into a ball holding his stomach with both arms. As I tried to stand my companions formed a circle around me, each battle ready in their riposte. All was silent apart from my gasps for breath and the wheezing, gurgling sound emanating from the sailor prostrate upon the dockside. 
But then one of the sailors said, “hey, nat so fas’ eh? We was only avin’ a bit o’ fun.”
“Then I suggest you find fun in helping your friend here to his feet and allow us to be on our way without having to join in your fun any further,” said Serinae her eyes burning brightly.
The sailor grumbled something and nudging one of his companions they lifted the now gasping man to his feet and dragged him along the dock. Knives were put away and the gathering of sailors started to dissipate. After making sure they were on their way and did not intend to retaliate further we also made our way off along the dock in the opposite direction. 
“Ye ok Min?” Asked Łĩnwéé.
I replied that yes I was, my breath was regained and after massaging my arm back to life again, I thanked my companions for stepping in to help. At this they all said that thanks were not needed. Serinae suggested that all of us should not go about alone, but always we should be accompanied by one other for safety and security. I wondered rather amusingly if she meant for our safety, or the safety of the inhabitants of Port Town.
Our attentions eventually returned to the dock and more importantly the ships that were tied up alongside it. One of the ships, much larger than the other four because it took up over half of the dock, seemed to be made of metal and had no mast to which to rig a sail to. It had a painted grey metal hull, the steel plates of which were held together by large round rivets. It looked to be in a bit of a state, paint was flaking off its hull and the bare metal beneath was rusting badly in many places. It looked to be low in the water and leaned slightly towards the dock I assumed from this that it was not in fact afloat but rested on the seabed tilting over slightly. It looked like it had given a great sigh and finding its torment at last over, had just given up and succumbed to its fate. Gangplanks that had the look of permanent fixtures had been welded to the hull and lead from the dock to an entry door that was swung back in the hull and permanently open by the look of the thickness of rust that hung down from the hinges. At the dock end of both the gangplanks stood a Pnook guard in uniform. 
Tnie motioned towards the old metal ship and said, “we’d best go there to the port office to see about passage on a ship.”
As we walked I caught up with Tnie and asked him about the metal ship. He said that it had once been one of many. It was reputed to have been one of the ships that the surviving Pnook population had voyaged within when they had fled to this continent after the Ognods were victorious in sacking the old Pnook city back on Dahl’Ambronis. We continued along the dock beside the metal ship, Tnie looked up at the gunwales of the vessel and sighed, he continued sadly saying that this ship was once part of a fleet of such vessels, but alas it would never set to sea again as all was left was this rusting hulk. Everything of value had been stripped off to help in the building of the new city of Scienocropolis out in the rust desert. This hulk was the only one to survive, apparently the Pnook had kept it here for two reasons. Firstly, it was supposed to be a reminder of ages past and secondly, it was left here as a marker for the port and a reminder to all who travelled here of the continued existence of the governing Pnook race on this continent. He went on to explain that the ship now housed the port authority for what it was. He stopped us just out of earshot of the guards on the gangplanks.
He turned to us and whispered. “Inside we will find the offices of the harbour master, be cautious, I do not know if this office follows the king, it may be they are sympathetic to other factions, or maybe as the king suggested, being so remote from Scienocropolis the Pnook authority here regard itself as completely independent and looking after its own selfish needs only. Let us all be prudent in what we say and divulge as little as possible.”
It was decided that until we knew one way or the other we would say that our company had visited Scienocropolis to represent other races trying resurrect relationships and promote trade with the Pnook. In that way we hoped that wherever the port authority’s sympathy lay they would look upon our presence with less suspicion, even view us as an advantage.
We walked up one of the gang planks and through the door into the interior of the vessel, once inside we found ourselves in a long corridor that seemed to run along the length of the ship. We headed down this corridor until we came to a door on our left.
Tnie knocked upon the door and eventually a voice called out, “Enter.” 
As we all walked through the door we saw that in front of us was an open area where an officious looking Pnook sat behind a desk. Two guards either side of him stood to attention in the corners of the room. He was occupying himself with what looked like a large ledger upon the dark wooden desk that he sat behind. Eventually he looked up and glancing at each of us in turn, settled his gaze finally upon Tnie. 
“Good day to you,” he said still addressing Tnie it seemed. 
Tnie bowed, then said, “Good day to you Harbour Master. Please let me introduce myself and my party. We are an independent trade delegation returning from a recent visit to Scienocropolis, we seek passage back to Dahl’Ambronis on the first available ship if possible.” 
At this the Pnook behind the desk looked each of us over once more a blank look on his features. “A trade delegation eh?” He reached behind the desk and brought out another thick volume which he placed in front of him and leafed through the pages, slowly running his finger down each page as if looking for something written therein.
He eventually looked up and said, “no such delegation has passed through here recently, how did you get here if not through this port?” 
Tnie replied that as a delegation we had been fortunate in that we managed to secure passage on a flying machine bound for Scienocropolis from Amentura on Dahl’Ambronis and in fact did not pass through this port.
True enough I thought. 
“Then why are you travelling back via ship and not the flying machine?”
Tnie coughed and looking at the Pnook said, “well, it’s a little embarrassing, we were not as successful in our negotiations and the authorities did not see fit to extend that hospitality.” 
At this the Pnook behind the desk continued to stare, still his face gave nothing away, he looked back down at the ledger that held his attention before, “well I can’t say I am surprised, none of you look although you have a great deal of experience in the business of merchants.” Then with an obvious reference towards the more heavily armed members of our party he said, “in fact you look more like you are in the business of mercenaries.” His features took on a very suspicious air, “how did you get back here from the city?”
Tnie explained our passage by Land Train across the desert.
At this he frowned and said with what sounded distaste, “JDC!” 
The guards at the rear of the room stood more upright in their stance and started to take a lot more interest in us than was previously apparent. 
Tnie responded quickly saying, “well it is actually just myself and my elven friend here, who are the merchants, the rest of our company are our escort.”
Tnie gestured towards me, I fought madly to keep myself from blushing as the Pnook the other side of the desk looked up and scrutinised me with a cold glare, so I bowed my head hoping it looked like a gesture of respect.
At this the Pnook seemed to relax a little and so did the guards. “Well, you must understand I cannot be too careful in the present times, there are many who would deny the king and plot for his eventual downfall, I feel it my civic duty to watch out for any suspicious looking travellers, especially those that are as heavily armed as are yourselves.” 
Tnie said, “we are only heavily armed because of these same reasons you express, even being a Pnook myself it is not always possible in the present times to know exactly who you are dealing with any longer.” At this he stared at the Pnook behind the desk a blank look upon his face. 
The Harbour Master responded in a like manner casting looks of scrutiny at each of our faces.
“But,” continued Tnie smiling, “although I am a Pnook I have lived many years in Dahl’Ambronis and I care little for the politics of my home land but only seek to continue my business interests with whoever rules the city. For a small profit to keep me in comfort of course.” 
The Harbour Master stared long at Tnie and then closing the ledger with a loud thump he leant back in his chair and said, “well I’m sorry but there is no available passage on any ship for several days, I suggest you find lodging here, there are many such places in the town.” He shouted loudly at someone outside the office. A Pnook in uniform entered and saluted. “Let this officer know your whereabouts at all times and I will call for you once such authorisation becomes available.” 
At this he turned back to his work and we got the distinct feeling that we were being dismissed. Jondris stepped forward I guess to complain but Tnie stepped in front of him just as the two Pnook guards brought their weapons to bare and we all turned and left without further incident, I heard the Harbour Master behind the desk give a sort of hrmmphh noise as we went out of the door.
Once back on the dockside, Tnie looked thoughtfully back up the gangplank and said quietly, “it seems that corruption has indeed become rife here, I suspect that he may want us to grease his palm before allowing us passage, but I am also afraid that if we try and bribe him he will become more suspicious and may think we are fugitives, therefore he may order us imprisoned or at least try and extort even more out of us if he believes we are desperate to leave.”
Oh great! I thought, we are now stuck in this forsaken hole for an indefinite period of time, I worried at what would befall us here if we did not secure a passage back to Amentura. I frowned, a life of roaming the desert like JDC I shouldn’t wonder.
We moved on down the dock intent on going back into the town and at least try and find some accommodation where we could plan our next move in privacy. We turned away from the dock area and started up a street between a row of hovels thinking that we may as well try and find an inn that took travellers in, there must be somewhere as this was a regularly used entry point for this continent. In fact I thought it wouldn’t surprise me to learn that the port authority also owned all the inns in this ghastly place, or at least squeezed a percentage of their profits from them.
As we walked two characters who had been leaning on the wall of a building stood up, humans by the size of them they walked to block our way. Here we go again I thought dropping back behind Jon. But behind them I could see the gaily dressed Grûndén that Łĩnwéé had nodded to earlier, he was looking at us intently. Serinae's hands went to the swords at her side.
One of the men, noticing this immediately threw up his hands and smiling said, “whoa sister, ’tis nay trouble we seek, only a privy word with thee an’ thy company.” 
Serinae let her swords slip back into their scabbards but her hands remained upon the pommels and Teouso still held onto the handle of one of his  stilettos. 
Serinae eventually smiling at the Grûndén standing behind the men said, “So, my fine friend what can we do for you?” 
The Grûndén stepped forward. “Nay nat me my fare lassie, ‘tis m’ cap’n that wishes thee word, if thee would consent to come with us please?”
I glanced at the Grûndén, he was leaning on the wall, twirling his fingers through his substantial moustache and still looking fixedly in our direction.
“And what if we refuse?” 
The Grûndén shrugged and said that it was up to us, he was just here to relay the message as he was ordered, this being done he was equally happy if we followed or alternatively decided to go about our own business, he would not attempt to persuade us either way. At this he stepped forward, the two men saluted and fell back behind him. He was still regarding us with some interest and releasing his moustache he stood before us and said to Serinae, “M’lady, I do nat wish t’ cause a scene ‘ere in front o’ prying eyes, t’ longer we dally, the more likely we may be adrawin’ unhealthy interest. I ask thee t’ please follow us t’ see our cap’n, I think such a meetin’ be to our mutual benefit.” He smiled broadly at us, he swept his arm out before him in an invitation for us to accompany him. I did not get any adverse feelings in the way of warning or of impending danger. Having nothing better to occupy us in the foreseeable future and the fact that a ‘captain’ had requested our audience and captains either own or command ships, we decided to humour these sailors and consented to follow them back to the docks. As we went I couldn’t help noticing Serinae was surreptitiously looking behind us every so often as was Teouso, I knew they were worried about something, if nothing else in our journey, one thing I had learned was how to read the mannerisms of these two.
We were led to one of the brightly painted sailing ships, this one a sturdy looking vessel, I remembered admiring it when we first arrived at the docks, it had a neater look about it somehow. The ship was not built for speed but definitely built to stay afloat; this gave my confidence a boost. The fine looking vessel had three masts and although not overly displaying much in the way of ornate wooden carving, the one thing she did have was a charming well carved figure head of a beautiful woman with long flowing hair, which was a good thing because her hair was the only thing she wore to keep her modesty. Her arm was pointing forward as were her eyes, gazing forever into the far distance, always in the direction the ship was sailing. Her waist was lost in a carved foamy sea where a dolphin rode the waves by her side.
Casting my own gaze along the side of the ship I read her name, ‘The Ocean Belle’.
Once aboard we were quickly ushered into the cabin area at the rear of the vessel, two small slatted doors were opened and a sliding cover slid back, we found ourselves descending into the interior of the vessel down a very steep set of wooden steps. I felt a little apprehensive, possibly because of my earlier mishap on the docks, we were being led into the ship full of sailors and my first experiences with such men had not been good. Once at the bottom of the steps we found ourselves in a corridor with doors to cabins on either side, some doors were open, some closed.
Serinae was already walking ahead close behind the Grûndén that had invited us on board, the other two men it seemed had disappeared on stepping aboard to go about other duties I supposed. As usual Serinae was catching many admiring glances through the open doors and from the odd ship’s crew member that we passed, but if she noticed she didn’t show it, she was talking to Łĩnwéé, who was striding along with his battle axe slung over one shoulder where it had been since we arrived in Port Town, a sure sign of his readiness to use it. I looked for the men that had accosted us earlier on the dockside, but I didn’t see them anywhere.
A figure appeared from a doorway to the aft of the vessel at the far end of the corridor. I assumed this was our captain as he had an air of authority about him and was more richly dressed than any of the crew we had so far seen apart from the Grûndén that we followed. The figure walked towards us with his hands clasped at his back. He introduced himself and welcomed us aboard his ship.
The captain's name was Illusius Greol, he was a human of indeterminate age, but his face and hands showed ruddiness associated with many years’ sea faring. He bowed to each of us and asked that we accompany him to his cabin which turned out to be the room from which he had emerged a few minutes earlier. This cabin was large compared to those we could look into as we passed along the way, it was beautifully decorated in wooden carvings all painted in the same bright colours as those on the outside of the vessel. The cabin also contained sumptuous couches and other items of wonderfully carved furniture all painted in maritime designs, depictions of ships sailing oceans and other sea-faring subjects. The cabin was as wide as the vessel for it had windows all along the back wall that extended someway around each side. It was roughly square being about the same distance in length as it was wide. Along the centre of the space ran a banqueting table surrounded by chairs, the table had a lip all the way around, I assumed to stop things sliding off in rough weather. The only thing occupying the table at the moment was a nautical map showing an area of coast line which I assumed was the coast on which lay Port Town.
The captain bid us sit down at the table, so we all selected a chair and sat looking towards our host in expectation. He introduced himself again and welcomed us aboard his fine vessel. The dwarf that had been on the dockside closed the door and stood by the entrance half looking inwards at those assembled in the room and giving the impression that the other half of his attention was listening for sounds outside the door, what he was listening for I did not know. Captain Greol gestured to the Grûndén and introduced him as his first mate whose name was Føurnâl Vélt. Master Føurnâl gave a half nod, not to us but to the captain, who seeming satisfied sat at the head of the dining table, his usual place I assumed.
“I’ll get straight to the point, am I to understand that you wish to travel to Dahl’Ambronis?” 
Jondris looking suspicious said, “that is our business, but if true what is it to you?”
Greol, pushed himself back from the table, sighed and said, “look, I know you may not trust my motifs as yet, but I believe we can aid each other mutually, please do not be offended when I say that I know where you want to travel, no one comes here to Port Town from the interior unless they wish to leave this Maker-forsaken continent.”
Raising his hand he continued, “I, also like you, am stuck here at the whim of the Port Authority. I am waiting for their authorisation to allow my departure, if you haven’t already realised the authority is somewhat corrupt and apt to greasing its own pockets with as much gold as possible, it seems we are both deemed easy money by them. But my friends I have no intention of paying over the odds for the license for my ship to sail, I wish to retain my profits not to give them back to these Gnomes on a whim. I plan to sail on this night’s high tide whether permission be granted or not. You are welcome to come along for the ride, I don’t even ask a fee but as you all look more than capable of looking after yourselves, I will ask that you assist in my ships safe passage and help ensure her safe departure from the port.”
At this Jondris bowed and said, “I’m sorry captain but we have already had one bad experience on the dockside with a bunch of drunken sailors and I was wary.”
The captain sighed and said, “you shouldn’t tar all of us with the same brush my friend. Although it’s true some sailors are a bit ummm abrupt shall we say. But remember, some of these ships have been here for months waiting the correct paperwork to allow outbound passage, it is not in a sailor’s temperament to be understanding of such inane bureaucracy.”
“So why don’t they just set sail anyway,” I asked.
Captain Greol stood and walked to the window where he could survey the dockside, he pointed out towards the big rusting hulk of the old battleship where it languished further along the dock.
“The Gnome battleship where the port authority resides is still armed with two of its original cannon, it is this threat to shipping that allows them to hold sway over each of us and determine the fee for safe passage. I have seen ships sunk whilst trying to flee this port, a single shot from those cannon is all it takes and believe me the deep water beyond this port is a ships, as well as the unfortunate crew’s, final resting place.” 
Jondris then asked, “so what would you ask of us then captain?”
Captain Greol did not reply, but looking from Jondris to Tnie he said,  “Master gnome, would you happen to know how someone could put those cannon out of action either permanently or at least temporarily, giving us enough time to sail and get beyond their range?” 
Tnie looked thoughtful for moment and said, “I’m sure that can be arranged, but I would need access to the cannon, I would need to get on-board the battle ship and back off again in secrecy.” 
The captain nodded, but did not offer a solution to the plan. Just then Føurnâl caught the eye of the captain and gestured towards the door of the cabin, Captain Greol rose and walked to the door, Føurnâl opened it and they both went out into the corridor shutting the door behind them. I mused on what had just been said, I guessed that the cannons mentioned by the captain were something of great destructive power and I wanted to ask what a cannon was so I took the opportunity to do so. Tnie looked at me and said that a cannon was a larger version of the ri’fal he had been given by JDC. The cannon used an explosive charge to hurl a heavy projectile great distances, the projectile carried its own explosive and on striking the intended target was designed to detonate and cause massive damage to whatever it struck. Tnie went on to describe in more detail the intricacies of the cannon, as he was speaking Serinae got up slowly and opened the door a crack to see what was going on outside, she stood there for a few minutes and then carefully closed the door. She reported that there were two port authority guards outside talking to the captain about a disturbance on the dock earlier, it seems a complaint was lodged with the port authority about some sailors who were attacked. She beckoned Teouso to come to her and whispering explained something to him that I could not hear. But Teouso fell back flat against the wall by the side of the door, Serinae fell back similarly on the other side of the door, she drew her two swords and held them crossed in front of her. All of a sudden the opened and the two Pnook guards strode forcefully into the room, quick as a flash the door was slammed closed by Teouso, Serinae leapt forward. The two guards were taken completely by surprise and turned at the same time Teouso plucked their helmets from their heads, one in each hand. As he did so he ducked, and at almost the same time Serinae swung down with her blades and I flinched and looked away. I heard two loud thumps as two heavy things landed heavily upon the deck of the cabin. I stifled a scream. I dreaded looking back expecting two headless bodies to be lying on the floor, but the Pnook guards thankfully still had their heads upon their shoulders and were just lying unconscious. Serinae it seemed had just given each of them a stout blow to their uncovered heads with the flats of her blades. These two would awake with a terrific headache each but nothing worse. 
Quickly she re-sheathed her blades and said, “quick let’s strip them of their clothing.”
I said in utter surprise, “what?” 
But she explained that if we used the guards uniforms we may be in with a chance of getting on the battleship unnoticed.
What a great idea! I nodded in understanding. Before long Jondris and Teouso had made a pile of the Pnook uniforms on the floor. Captain Greol and Føurnâl re-entered the room. They took a look at the two guards laying there in their underwear, and then at the pile of clothing by their sides, they seemed to cotton on quickly to the plan.
Føurnâl said, “good idea but who will wear the second uniform. Master Tnie is the right size but we only have one Pnook.”
I looked around the room hoping to discover a solution when Tnie said that he would go alone.
But before the point could be argued Łĩnwéé stepped forward and said, “I can wear the other.” 
I stifled a laugh, covering my mouth with my hand and Serinae waiving her hand at me and smiling in amusement said, “I am sure it will fit, and you will look very smart master Grûndén, but possibly we will have to make a few alterations first,” 
Łĩnwéé looked at Tnie’s slight form and then down at his imposing muscular bulk and snorted, “Aye well, we best be quick then lassie for I ‘ope ye mean t’ modify the uniform and nat wait fo’ me t’ slim down eh?”
Jondris said, “well no rush, it will be dark in a few hours, better to hide Tnie and Łĩnwéé's true identities with the aid of darkness. I only hope the two gnome guards aren’t missed in the next few hours.” 
After binding and gagging the two guards Captain Greol ensured that they were taken below into the hold of the ship and hidden from prying eyes. He suggested they be taken ashore when it was dark and hide them in an old warehouse. In the meantime we set about the work of getting our two replacement ‘Pnook guards’ ready for our clandestine mission. Tnie was easy as his size seemed perfect for one uniform. Łĩnwéé on the other hand demanded more creative work to get his uniform to fit, luckily the ship carried a full tool chest and a sewing kit and Łĩnwéé helped by the rest of us managed to ‘modify’ the armour and clothing to enable him to squeeze inside. A degree of temporary modification to himself was also required as he was persuaded very tightly into some parts of the uniform.
Sooner than later it became dark and our plans were set in motion. Łĩnwéé and Tnie would leave first as if the guards were returning to the port authority offices. Then some of captain Greol's men would take a number of ‘empty’ crates across the road into the warehouse. Whilst this was done the rest of the crew would prepare to sail, only the sails would not be raised until it was actually time to leave.  The rest of us felt a bit useless as we watched Tnie and Łĩnwéé walk along the dock towards the Port Authority battleship. They soon disappeared from view around the metal hull of the big ship and I prayed that they would be kept safe.
Soon it was time for the crew to remove the ‘empty’ crates, they did so with some noise and the usual fervour of sailors at work, the captain thought this would be less suspicious to anyone watching the scene. In the meantime, the activity would serve to remove attention from the sailors on deck preparing the ship as much as they could for the sea journey. The captain was busy ordering things done as was Føurnâl, the rest of our party could do nothing but wait in the captain’s cabin. Time seemed to pass by slowly and painfully as we waited, enhanced by the fact that we could do nothing to aid either the ship’s crew or our gnome spies on the battleship. 
But then, what seemed like hours later, we were all overjoyed to see Tnie and Łĩnwéé return with a sparkle in their eyes.
We welcomed them warmly and asked what had happened, but before they could answer, Captain Greol was through the door an expectant look upon his face. “Master gnome, will the cannons fire if we leave port?”
Tnie smiled and looking at the captain shook his head from side to side and said, “no, there is no chance of their firing for the foreseeable future.” 
We all cheered and there was lots of back slapping and hand shaking going on with Tnie and Łĩnwéé the centres of attention. At the end of this Captain Greol returned to the deck and gave the orders that would get us underway. We all spilled out on deck. The crew were busy hauling on the ropes to raise all the available sail they could, the canvas was presented to the wind and they filled. The Ocean Belle started to move out into the harbour and pick up speed.
Before long we heard shouts from the battleship, obviously we had been seen. Serinae whipped the bow from her back and had notched an arrow, almost immediately a bolt from a crossbow whizzed across the growing gap between us and the battleship, it slammed hard into the wooden deck some three metres in front of me, I looked at it in horror as splintered wood flew away from where the shaft had struck penetrating deep into the wooden deck. This was followed by several others, one unfortunate sailor stopped one in his leg just above the knee, he howled in pain and I slipped forward to see what I could do. Serinae was shouting for everyone to take cover for we could do nothing confined as we were on the deck of the Ocean Belle.
Tnie appeared on deck holding something long and thin, I looked closely and saw it was the ri’fal he was given as a parting gift by JDC, he seemed to snap the thing in two, it folded in the middle, he then reached into one of the little boxes that he had also been given by JDC which he had placed at his feet on the deck and slid something into the ri’fal and snapped it closed again. He then brought one end of the Ri’fal up against his shoulder and took aim down the length of the ri’fal almost in the same way as Serinae did down the length of an arrow notched in her bow. A deafening explosion came from where Tnie stood, I cried out and instinctively put both my hands up either side of my head to cover my ears. A cloud of smoke almost obscured Tnie from view. I cried out again for Tnie now lay on his back. I was sure that a crossbow had been fired and poor Tnie had been hit. But then another slightly less noisy explosion came from the direction of the battleship. Turning my attention to this sound and running to the side of the ship I looked in the direction of the battleship. I could see a hole had been blown in the side of the hull and smoke was coming out from the inside of the vessel.
Tnie picked himself up and supporting himself on his elbows and snorting said, “hell of a recoil! But that at least should keep their heads down for a while.”
I realised then that the explosion on our ship was Tnie firing his ri’fal and the explosion on the battleship was caused by the projectile he had fired. But to our great joy it was clear that the battleships cannons were going to remain silent even though they had been turned and now pointed in our direction. Thank the Maker, they were not able to fire at us.


Chapter 21 Homeward Bound

Extract from ‘The Journal of a Salt Sea Dog’, by Solin’De’Teinde.
“Give me a fare wind, a stout ship, and a clear sky to navigate by. Then add to this a full hold of goods to trade for a good price. Maybe a pirate ship or two just to break the boredom of the wide Ocean. Given these you would not find a happier man alive.”
~

Soon we were safely in open water and well out of range of any cannons or any other range weapons that could be brought to bear upon us from Port Town. As I stood on deck I could see other sails behind us, it was obvious that the other merchant vessels in Port Town had quickly grasped the opportunity to escape along with us, the thought made me smile, especially my imagined thought of the look on the Harbour Masters face.  There was a favourable wind blowing and the sea was whipping us along at a rate of knots. The crew and everyone else on board were now relaxed and went about their duties as they would do normally, the crew obviously enjoyed the freedom that the open sea offered. We filed back into the captain’s cabin and Captain Greol broke out a bottle which he offered all round. I tried to decline gracefully but our good captain winked at me and said, “come m’lady celebrate, we have escaped the gnomes without damage to our ship or loss of any of our company and are set full o’ sail to Dahl’Ambronis, you must all have a drink to our good fortunes.” 
At this he raised his glass in salute and called out, “to my friends, I thank ye for your aid,” he took a sip and then said, “for a brisk wind and a good sail, may we be born safe and sound on this journey.”
At this he took up his glass again and in one gulp emptied its contents down his throat. The rest of us followed suit. I felt the fiery liquid go down and coughed a few times. The captain then turned and proposed another toast to Tnie and Łĩnwéé who were only too happy to receive all the attention.
The captain then asked, “so master gnome, how did you manage to stop the cannons from firing at us?”
Tnie smiled and reaching into his jerkin pocket pulled out two metal rods that looked like two large nails. “These,” he said, “are the firing pins for the cannon, without them the cannons cannot be used.” 
A laugh went up from the assembled company followed by a loud cheer and much clapping of hands on the backs of both Tnie and Łĩnwéé. Everyone laughed out loud. I heard a loud clatter and laughed even harder, for Łĩnwéé had released the straps of his Pnook uniform and had let it all clatter onto the deck. He now stood there in his undergarments.  He just closed his eyes and let out a long sigh, then he took in several long deep breaths of air and his broad chest seemed to expand back to its normal size. We all cheered again and another round of drinks was poured.
We settled down to our sea journey at last, and over the days that followed we managed to chat to our captain on occasion. He seemed to suggest that his main income was gained from shipping merchants wares, and that he was often asked by the gnomes as he referred to them, to ship all kinds of things to the far reaches of the globe and return finished items, even gnomes seeking passage homeward, or indeed in the other direction. In fact he thought so highly of the gnomes that I would have assumed he was one if he wasn’t so tall. However, he took pains to say that the gnomes of port town were not included in those lists of likes as they were corrupt and not the ‘king’s gnomes’ as he put it. He then thought for a moment and sighed, saying, “but I guess that Port Town is closed to me know, at least for the foreseeable future, I will have to find another trade route at least until sanity returns to Scienocropolis.” 
Of course both Tnie and Łĩnwéé took an immediate liking to our captain and to his first mate Master Føurnâl from the start and could be found conversing with them regularly during the voyage. Teouso and Jon seemed to strike up a friendship during the voyage also and I allowed them their time. They could often be found on the forward deck where the sea breeze was constant, leaning on the gunwale gazing out to sea. I’m not sure how much communicating they actually did but I had no doubt they enjoyed each other’s presence on what was after all quite a boring journey with very limited diversions. 
It felt good to be in the open again, the fresh sea air gently caressed our faces, it wasn’t the forests and woodlands of my home, but it also wasn’t those contrived nameless streets of the Pnook city either. To my and Serinae’s great delight Captain Greol offered the use of his personal quarters. He referred to us as his ‘two fine ladies’ and we used his sumptuous cabin in which to sleep and during the day time hours when he was not needing them. So we spent many hours chatting together in the privacy of the Captains rooms. In the days that followed I learnt more about Serinae’s past.
One day as we chatted in the cabin I remarked on how she may have come by such rare and special items of gear and asked her from where the various items originated.
“There was a time Mini when Eny’Nin’Rel would send his spirits upon the world in great numbers, they were there for us whenever we needed them. In times of battle, in times of great need, but also in times of great joy. The spirits would come whenever we asked and prayed, for the spirits of Eny’Nin’Rel dwelled among us teaching and caring for his people. He would rejoice with us in the birth of a child, he would send his spirits to celebrate the passing of the seasons and in all our merriment. When Eny’Nin’Rel’s trumpet call finally came, his spirits were there to guide those who had passed on, escort them home to Elit G’fedrel. The spirits would teach us in their own way, how we should live this life, how we should treat each other, how love and forgiveness and selflessness were the true way to live. How hatred, mistrust, greed and all those negative feelings destroyed the soul of the barer and they would fall into darkness and be lost to Eny’Nin’Rel forever unless through love, against which even the worst of evil fails, they came once more into the light. For all who truly repent can be truly forgiven.”
I was quite surprised at Serinae’s beliefs. I knew she had a faith in the old religions, but until now I hadn’t thought just how deep that faith went.
She sat in deep thought before sighing and carrying on. “But as time passed all the races grew selfish and thought to master their own futures. We, began all of us to rely more on our own selfish thoughts and less on the guidance of the true spirit. We became arrogant to the point where we each felt we were superior to the others. We forgot that Eny’Nin’Rel, the Father of All, created each of us equal. Our arrogance led even to war amongst the races. War forced many changes Mini, our smiths and artisans turned more and more attention and time to designing and making articles and gear of battle, rather than items to be used in peace. Then picking up her bow from where it lay against the ship’s hull by her side she lovingly run her hands across its smooth surface.
She paused before continuing. “This bow belonged to my mother. It is my prized possession, made many thousands of years past by our people Minervar, it has seen much service within my ancestral family even before it came into my mother’s possession. The wood from which it is made belongs to a tree called a S’Apli’Baum, in the common tongue that is Great Arm, for such trees were enormous and their spirits had such strength. But alas they are now so rare in the world even I in all my travels have never seen one. Perhaps all those spirits have forsaken the earth.” 
I looked closely at the bow, “it is indeed a work of intricate art.” 
“I don’t know if you noticed how the tree spirits revere its presence Minervar?”
I didn’t know what she meant for a while, but then thinking back I remembered feeling a welcoming feeling amongst the trees, but did not tie this directly to the bow in Serinae's hands, it must be very special in deed. 
My eyes fell to the quiver lying in the corner under her cloak and seeing them rest there she laid her cloak aside and told me a tale of when she was a ranger in the final years of training. She was set a task by the Guild elders as are all rangers. These tasks are like a final proving, a final task to test the intern, to make sure they had learned their lessons well and could apply such knowledge when faced with great trial. She was tasked to gather various items from the wilds as a test of knowledge and resourcefulness. Those chosen for the tasks could expect much hardship and toil, they would be tested to breaking point. Well after many years of travelling the world only two of her number returned successful. One was herself of course, and one other, a brother ranger, at this point she remained deep in thought and I notice a hint of sadness in her eyes. 
“Are you alright Seri?” I asked.
She flinched and looked at me her features resuming the expression I have become used to. 
“Yes Mini, it is no matter.” 
So she told how the items they collected were in fact the components for these unique quivers, this one was awarded to her on her completion of the Guild training in Ter’Resell. She remarked how proud she stood that day, and wept that neither of her parents could be there to see her triumphant. I asked what manner of creature provided the feathers, claws and other components, at this Seri told me of an island within the Sea of Beadreas, an expanse of water around the other side of the world to Dahl’Ambronis. There lived upon this island a particular large bird-like creature, some say these creatures were related to the dragons of old, a lesser manifestation of the breed, some say that they were mistaken for dragons and that is where the legends originated, but the beast is formidable all the same. 
She described the adults as standing around three metres high, their feathers red and black, looking like flames leaping across a night sky, perhaps this is where the link to dragons came from. Each with wings that were very short, for the creature was flightless, each wing had a clawed hand at each end which the creature used when fighting or hunting, both to great effect. The head had two bright intelligent eyes that could see great detail over great distances making the creatures very difficult to stalk. Each had a cruel curved beak that could tear through a man’s armour. Standing on two muscular and powerful legs, it seems the creature could also run at great speed. Each of its two feet were armed with three toes each carrying a curved sickle like claw which it used to great adept in dispatching its prey, for the creatures were omnivores yet preferred meat if they could get it. One of the amusing things about the claw on the largest toe was its ability to hinge right back against the top of the creature's foot; it could then be flicked downward at great speed like a hatchet. The creatures had a habit of standing still and tapping their claws in this fashion on the hard earth or on rocky places like an impatient mother. This habit is from where the creatures got their name of Itahl’Q’Thjilee or ‘hammerer of the rock’ in the common speech.
I asked how she managed to get the items from such a fearsome creature; all she would say was, “with great difficulty and with carefully planned cunning teamwork and a fair few bloody wounds, but I got away lightly compared to some.” Curiously her hand seemed to go up to the back of her shoulder she rubbed at the area deep in thought. 
Next she offered information about the twin swords she carried. 
“These Minervar are also ancient, the workmanship is unique. They are Runic Leaf Blades, T’Ieas’Shar’Bernoct’Lothnien in our own tongue, you should be proud that our race had the skills to fashion such things once upon a time, or even still has, although I have not come across many swords such as these let alone any smith with the knowledge and skill to fashion such weapons. They were given to me by Solin many years ago now, how she came by them I do not know, she would not say, but I know they came with her from Ter’Hadsnefel. The blades of each are woven with arcane links to the vambraces I wear, the design being that the blades when held in the hands becomes seemingly as light as a feather to the wielder, yet still retain the weight to inflict the damage of a much larger two handed blade. There is no direct translation into the common tongue. Complex arcane connections are created whilst the weapons are forged, connections between the swords and the vambraces are termed D’Lothnien’T’Hepri’Doune’Thy, perhaps a rough translation is ‘blade brother with guiding master’, but it doesn’t translate well. It is a difficult arcane phenomenon to understand even more difficult in its creation, but the resulting effect means these swords can be swung fast for long periods without the wielder tiring and they can cut through the strongest of armour both plate and chain. Some say they were designed to battle dragons as they are one of the few weapons able to slice through the thick scally hide of such beasts.”
I wondered at such skill and knowledge, but also was saddened that much knowledge has been lost to us over the centuries. 
Finally, I asked about the last remaining item, the chain mail she wore with such effect. This it seemed was her one financial indulgence, a personal treat. After completing her training she was instructed by the Guild of Rangers in Ter’Resell to administer to the needs of the Grûndén King that had his domain of Gwéldølĩn beyond the Tolle’Ambrunista, the mountain range to the north of the T’Iea lands. She remarked that she had already mentioned this to me on the flight from Amentura across the Trad Ocean, I said that I remembered. She said that the Grûndén king had placed a request for a tracker and ranger to reconnoitre, and sometimes hunt down and despatch any Ognod brigands that entered into the Grûndén lands in the north. It seemed that not all the Ognods returned to the far north, following the Ognod war, some remained just over the border and sometimes harassed the Grûndén. During the time she was under his command she amassed a fortune in gold, which of course was mined by the Grûndén and had an enchantment placed upon it which meant that if it left the city of the dwarves it would disintegrate into no more than common rock. The Grûndén were very clever about their gold and smelt it in such a way that anyone bent on stealing it would not benefit by taking it outside of the city, a very effective way of dealing with crime!
So when her time was up she decided to spend all the gold she had on the fashioning of the best chain armour that gold could buy and she commissioned the best Grûndén smith in that city to make her a garb. The Grûndén guard the secret of the smelting of the alloy from which the rings are made, it is very light yet extremely resilient, an amazing material that is able to withstand the piercing of arrows and the blows of heavy weapons. Although the wearer could still suffer severe bruising and even broken bones, he or she could be confident that flesh and organs would not be pierced or damaged fatally. So she had paid a fortune for the metal alloy as it was so rare these days and another fortune for the making of the chain mail.
I wanted to ask a question so I said, “Seri when we had that chat, the one on board the flying ship and you first told me of your working with the Grûndén, you said you were not alone, that two rangers including yourself went to stay with the Grûndén. Well I was wondering who the other ranger was?”
She smiled a broad smile and replied. “Ha Mini you don’t miss a trick do you? The other actually was the same one that had been successful with me on the final test before we passed out of the guild training. The same who had aided in our successfully hunting of the Itahl’Q’Thjilee in the Sea of Beadreas.”
“Ah I see, but the day you rescued Solin you were alone I take it, for she did not mention the presence of another?”
“You’re right Mini. I was alone that day. In truth I had been alone all that trip for the other ranger ….. he …….. well he had to go elsewhere for reasons of his own.”
I was intrigued with all this talk of our past it made me wonder about home, it seemed such a long time since I was there, I wondered how long ago it had been since she had lived in the elven forests of Gel’Te’Ertenya I was starting to feel more than a little homesick in fact, and I think this matched the melancholy mood that Serinae also found herself to be in.
To break the mood I decided to ask another question. 
“Serinae, can I ask you something personal?” She nodded in reply. 
“You seem so alone sometimes, travelling alone has made you a little distant perhaps, I’m sorry but since our friendship has blossomed I feel I need to know more about you, although we have travelled many miles together I still feel that I don’t know you as well as I should.”
She smiled and nodded, she seemed to be in a good mood, perhaps it was the freedom we now enjoyed and the relaxed atmosphere aboard the ocean Belle. But for whatever reason she opened up to me for perhaps the first time since I had known her. This is what she told me:
Her full name was Serinae P’Arcerial Timbur, an only child of Nathernal and P’Arcerial Timbur. Her ancestry could be traced back to the family De’Timbarial resident in the High Elven City of Ter’Hadsnefel before the Sedral’coronis’et’na’tyuosd, in the common tongue the ‘Ognod Wars’ that divided the races. Her ancestors originally fled following the fall of Ter’Hadsnefel under the Ognod war hammer. 
The Timburs followed their T’Iea brethren into solitude in the Gel’Te’Ertenya the greater woods, helping to establish the city of Ter’Fin’Ealle. Here it seemed she was born and she hoped the town still stood sentinel and prospered in the greater woods to this day for she had not ventured that way in a long time. I remembered her knowledge and description of the town as we flew over the marshes south of Amentura.
Serinae’s mother, an accomplished ranger was killed by Ognods in battle following the great burning and sacking of Gel’Te’Ertenya. Serinae it seems was barely twenty-five years old when this sad event occurred. Her father Nathernal rode as an archer with the old T’Iea Kings and the Legions of the Wind at Ge’None’Ter’Etenii in their rout of the invading Ognod hoards. From history books I remembered that Ge’None’Ter’Etenii was famous as one of the great battles during the war and one where the T’Iea and their Grûndén allies were victorious. When her father arrived back in Ter’Fin’Ealle and was reunited with his daughter the sad tale of Serinae’s mother was at last revealed to him and he was sorely grieved at their loss.
There followed a period of recovery and a long peace in the family while Serinae grew into maidenhood and reaching R’Golea’Foed, the T’Iea coming of age, started to learn the ways of the woodlands as per her late mother’s request. During this time, she lived in increasing happiness and security. But as is common with all the long lived elder races this was not to last. 
Once the race of human barbarian tribes from the east started to migrate west crossing the Great Spine, the Tolle’Fornosse’Veetri, and upon establishing their outposts in the western lands. Serinae’s father Nathernal decided to make his way to the mountain frontier townships to make his fortune teaching archery and selling his art of fletching. His daughter pleaded to accompany him unable to bare another parting within her family, but Nathernal did not trust such a young T’Iea maiden to be subjected to, in his eyes, the treacherous ways of men and the mixed races. Instead he made arrangements and sent Serinae to be placed under the strict care of the Ranger Guild in Ter’Resell to further her learning in the craft and arts of those halls. Her she paused; she was obviously recounting some memory of her own. I wanted to interrupt her, ask her to continue for I was interested in the Ranger Guilds and their ways. But she had such an expression on her face I thought the memory was a painful one, so I did not say anything. She carried on speaking after a while. Serinae was never to see her father again for he was reported killed by human raiders attacking Penitence Glade, a human outpost close to the borders of the Northern Lands. 
On completion of training in Ter’Resell, and after her stint with the Grûndén, Serinae was presented with an opportunity to travel. She found her skills to be in great demand from many peoples. Rangers, especially T’Iea rangers, are accomplished in many arts and skills of the woodlands. She found she was never without some demand and she learnt to charge highly for her skills as word of her talents spread far and wide throughout the lands and many sort her out to employ her for various tasks including her former employers the Grûndén as mentioned before. I remarked how hard her life seemed to have been and I told her that I thought it such a shame that she did not seem to me to have more opportunities for happiness in it, I asked her what her happiest memories may have been. 
Then she told me a surprising thing. “I was once betrothed Mini, to someone whom I loved dearly. But it was not to be, and in the manner of our people I have remained true to that one love even though it did not blossom into anything more than a misguided promise. But that one memory of love remains a source of happiness for me.”
"What happened?” I asked. 
Serinae looked sadly at her hands on her lap and said, "it was just not to be is all.” 
"You mean he died, I'm so sorry Serinae.” 
"No, Mini he is not dead. Still very much alive in fact. But he has gone beyond my reach now, lost to vane things, he turned to more important things in his mind, things he could not resist and therefore was seduced by power and wealth and worse. Oh, at first he told me it was for me that he undertook these things, and to start with I believed him because I wanted to have that belief, such is the blindness of love. But as the years went by one thing led to the next thing, it was never enough for him, he never seemed to be satisfied by what he had already done and what he had already achieved. However much he gained materially it was never able to slate his thirst for more. In the end I lost the person I loved and now, well it's maybe not such a bad thing, the years have been many since those times and old wounds have healed. My life has moved on.” 
There followed a gap in the conversation, I didn’t know quite what to say to her, but again some deep thought was brewing in my mind, something I had perhaps suspected subconsciously but even though I felt a great sorrow, I had to ask her. 
“Do you still see him Seri?” 
“On occasions, but rarely,” was the reply, “I find the hurt in our meetings does lessen, although I have become adept at hiding my feelings.” 
I thought for a while an unasked question still upon my mind, I was loathed to ask it, but I had to know the answer for my suspicions had been roused. So after a few minutes I managed to summon enough courage to ask. "Your betrothed Serinae, he was - is Tezrin?” 
She shot me a look a mixture of sadness and slight anger, but she composed herself and just nodded once. 
I was shocked at the answer, even though I had the suspicion in my mind, I felt desperately sorry for her. I thought to ask more questions but the sadness upon her face stopped me and I felt it was time we changed the subject. I felt more than a little guilty for my questions and part of me wished I had not been quite so inquisitive. My only unsaid question was to ask about the Ranger guilds and thus I did.
The response took me by surprise, I think she was still angry about the thought of Tezrin and their past. “Those bigoted, discriminating, worthless hypocrites? They aren’t worth the waste of thought!” Her fists clenched and her eyes shone brightly as she stared accusingly at me. “Whatever they once were Mini they are no longer. The Guilds have become more interested in their own self-importance, their own mistaken governance. They no longer hold to the values that once made them great. They should be disbanded, if they are not already! They only seek those they approve of, like a close sect. Once they were open to all, freely giving their knowledge. Now they seek only those like them, those they are comfortable with, those who will support their lies.”
I found I had shied back away from the onslaught of her words. I was going to ask what she meant by this, my teachings told me that the various T’Iea guilds where beyond reproach, they were the bastions of our society. All my childhood friends looked forward to joining the guilds, I myself had done so. Why then should Serinae hold such an unusual and negative view? I wanted to ask, but I felt it not to be wise to press her further.
Instead she calmed. She smiled at me, “it is of no matter Mini, I’m sorry.” She reached into her back pack and drew out an object carefully wrapped in some fine silken cloth. She unwrapped the object and stood it upon the table in front of us. It was small statue made from a combination of a silver metal and a green crystal. The statue appeared to be that of a T’Iea he held a lute in his arms, a jaunty hat with a long feather in its band was worn tilted to one side and his boots had a row of bells around the top.
Serinae sat back while making a slight sweeping gesture with her hand towards the statue and said to me, “Minervar, ask him to play any song or tune you like,” 
I laughed at her not believing what she asked, but was shocked when the little statue placed both his hands on his hips and bowed low to me, then giving a hop, skip and a jump that made the bells on his boots jingle and in a slight but melodious voice asked enquiringly, “a request my lady Minervar?”
He then raised his lute as if ready to play. Serinae was smiling from ear to ear and I seemed to have no choice but make my request. I rummaged through my memories and then asked for a tune that my father liked, a lively old tune called T’N’Ri’Qeudron that he used to sing to me when I was small to take my mind off a cut knee or some other childhood catastrophe. The little statue man immediately started to play the reel, I was transfixed, he sang and played beautifully and tears started to well in my eyes.
Serinae stood and bowing to me said, “my lady, would thee but honour me with this dance?” 
I smiled and standing and giving a low curtsy said, “it would be my pleasure kind sir.” 
So there we were, twirling around the room like two young girls at their first dance, smiling and giggling until we both fell on the cushions laughing so much I could hardly breathe. 
Then Serinae said out loud in a gasping breath, “enough sir bard, would you have us wear out our dancing shoes?” 
To this command the little bard stopped playing and bowing low became once more the beautiful crafted statue of silver green. Serinae leaned over and placed him once more in the silk wrappings and put him in her bag.
“Where did you get him from, I have never seen such a lovely thing Serinae, you are so lucky to have such marvellous things?”
“In ages past our people had the knowledge to make such things. I have had him a long, long time; I carry him everywhere with me. He was a gift from a great friend. He sometimes provides good company when I am travelling alone. Sometimes I just like to hear something other than my own thoughts.”
Captain Greol returned to claim his cabin at that moment and I giggled when he said that he thought he had heard music. The captain then made a suggestion; he said that as we knew, his intention was to travel back to Amentura. Much further south than where we wanted to be, if it was to the dwarves lands we were headed. He suggested that if he made a slight detour to the north, he knew of a small bay, the Bay of Driscal it was called, with a long sloping beach which made for a safe landing. This bay lay on the coast of Dahl’Ambronis in the shadows of the Mountains of Ambrunista. If we were dropped ashore there it would save us days of travel. We could then continue to the dwarven lands by crossing the mountains and he could easily continue south hugging the coast to reach Amentura. Serinae stood and thanked the captain heartily for his kindness.
 

Chapter 22 A Dangerous Path

Extract from ‘The Hidden Peoples’ by Solin D’Teinde.
To live and work beneath the earth. The sun a meaningless ball of fire, the seasons coming and going without my knowledge. The beauty of the stars lost to my eyes. My temperament and my culture as ridged and unmoving as the rock in which we made our home. Not a thought would I have for others, not a care for the world above, as long as precious gems and metals could be found by the works of my own hands and the sweat of my own brow.
~

Thus it was after a few more days sailing we sighted the coast of Dahl’Ambronis. As promised, we had crossed the Trad Ocean much further north than when we flew across it in the Tnie’s airship. It was good to see the continent of my home land once again. My heart leapt with joy at the prospect of standing once more upon those shores. In fact we were just a twenty or so kilometres further north up the coast from R’ealto’Noac’Trado the town where I had spent so many summers with my family, part of me wished to go there, to see my relations once more and to take a few days off after the travelling we had done, but I knew this would not be possible. Instead I told myself that I would indeed return there one day, when I had more time for myself.
The coastline did indeed look very similar, long sandy beaches backed with high dunes and beyond, forests of tall, fragrant pines. This landscape I could plainly see as we sailed along the coast northwards looking for the Bay of Driscal. Looking even further into the distance I could make out the mountains, the Tolle’Ambrunista, rising high into the sky, these marked our destination. I spent much time upon the deck of the Ocean Belle staring at this vista, my thoughts full of fond memories of long summer days and simple people, yet also tinged with anticipation for the journey ahead and what we may find on the way. 
Captain Greol dropped anchor as promised just off the beach within the bay as he described. The water was indeed shallow here, the sandy beach sloped gently into the ocean. The Ocean Belle could not get any closer than around fifty metres or so from the beach without grounding her keel on the sandy bottom. As we waited for ship’s crew to make readiness for our departure, I was able to look over the side of the ship and gaze down into the clear, azure blue water. The gently rippled sand could be clearly seen and curious fish and a few squid were swimming around the hull, some of these creatures I could remember from staying with my fisherman uncle Tear’E.
The Ocean Belle’s small long boat was winched over the side to take us ashore and I was invited to climb aboard. I was dropped on the first boat to depart the Ocean Belle along with Serinae and Jon, the boat then had to return and make a second trip to drop the rest of our party and their belongings. So whilst we waited I lay back upon the warm sand to await the arrival of the others. I started to day dream.
Maybe it was the sandy beach, my return to Dahl’Ambronis, the thoughts of happy times with my family on holidays. I thought of my youth so happy there in the woodlands with those of my people, after so many years of absence, what would I give to return there, and I found that a most comforting thought. As I sat there on that beach looking out to the blue horizon, such thoughts did comfort me, thoughts of home and a desire to be there again, not here, not with all the events that had led to our arrival at this place. Or maybe it was the sudden uncertainty of the way ahead after the safe and reassuring ease of life upon the Ocean Belle. I did not relish undertaking the task that I knew I must confront within the lands that lay to my back. Who knows what lay beyond the mountains that slope to this sea and to this beach.
A sail caught my eye, the Ocean Belle preparing to return back to Amentura, the ship that brought me to this place, would I see it again? I wished then it would return me to my beloved forests and rolling hills that make the T’Iea town that is my home, at that moment I missed it very much. I looked around and saw the broad back of Jondris already dozing happily, my mouth curved with a smile and inwardly I laughed at the thought of how Jon could sleep anywhere, anytime and still remain eyes wide open to wake and ready himself for any eventuality should the need arise.
I looked up to the gathering gloom as the Sun was now very low, almost swallowed by the edge of the ocean, a deep red ball larger than life as it seemed magnified, its light dimmed upon the watery blue horizon. What clouds there were in the sky were high and wispy, coloured lobster pink by the sun as it disappeared for the night. Suddenly I detected movement and there looking down at me is the still, slightly mysterious figure of my T’Iea sister Serinae, the ranger, her piercing green eyes, alert to everything seen and unseen. How many times must will I be thankful to have those keen orbs save us from many a danger that lay ahead? I have known her now for some time, yet she still maintains an aura of mystery, she has told me much, her history – well some of it, she has taught me much, for together we have travelled far, but she still maintains something unknown, a sadness perhaps, a loss maybe, she has done much in her life, some difficult decisions have been made and some inner wars fought. I have never known a person like her. 
“Get some Sleep Minervar,” she said. “Don’t brood on tomorrow, tomorrow will bring what tomorrow may, for the time being we are here, the end of all this is one step nearer – for good or for bad.” 
She gathered her cloak about her shoulders and turned to face the mountains, slipped her bow from her back and placing it in front of her, she adjusted the quiver of arrows at her side pulling on a few arrows, raising them to different heights within the quiver, but not drawing them fully, just enough so that she may reach for them quickly, a series of habits I have seen her do so many times in the past. In Corbond I had seen her shoot many arrows, one after the other in such quick succession that the eye could not see them individually fired. I think then that it is probably easier to follow the sequence of foes falling dead to understand how many arrows are being fired than to actually watch them leave the bow. I knew she would stand guard now, leaning gently on that bow, for how many hours?
“Goodnight Serinae,” I whispered, my eyes closing at last, resigned to let sleep overcome me.
In the morning I awoke suddenly to a spattering of cool water on my face, at first I thought it may have started to rain. I licked the water from my lips, it had a salty taste. Looking up all I could see was the blue sky, not a cloud to be seen. I was then aware of the wondrous smell of cooking fish. Teouso it seems had been fishing in the sea, he was still in wolf form and wet through and it was him shaking himself dry that had awoken me. I scowled at him he just looked me in the eye and cocked his head on one side as if to say, “what?” 
Jondris laughed and tossed me a towel which I used to dry my face he then said, “at least one of our number does not have to wash the sleep from her eyes.” 
At this the rest of my companions laughed. I looked at them a smile upon my face. I did notice however that Serinae was not amongst them. Teouso by this time back to his bipedal self, just smiled and taking his vicious looking stiletto started to gut and prepare the rest of the fish ready to be cooked. This he did most efficiently and by the time he had finished, about a dozen or so fish fillets were being slowly cooked in the wood smoke from the fire. I looked hungrily at these fish and my mouth watered in anticipation of the coming meal. 
Serinae returned from the direction of the dunes behind us, her sword belt slung over one shoulder, one sword swinging in her hand by her side. Bare footed she slid down the dunes to the beach, I noticed that she only wore her leather trousers and jerkin, the laces of the latter were hanging loose exposing a V shaped area of her skin the soft leather looked slightly damp. I noticed that her hair and long eyelashes were wet as if she had been swimming and droplets of water were running down her cheeks.
Jondris stood and said, “not had any trouble I hope Seri?” 
She replied that she had not and dropped a branch which she had slung over her shoulder at her feet. My eyes lit up for there on this branch were several bunches of small purple coloured fruits. She plunged her sword into the sand right up to the hilt a couple of times to clean the blade of pieces of wood and sticky sap before she replaced it in its scabbard, she then crouched and nodding her head over her shoulder as if indicating a direction she said, “there are woodlands beyond the dunes, they feel like they extend a long way landwards but there are numerous old animal tracks so the going should be easy. There is also a fresh water stream flowing into a pool, it is a refreshing temperature, so if anyone needs a bath now’s the time.” 
At this she reached around her head and gathering her hair in her hands brought it forward over her shoulder, then twisted it so that the water was squeezed out dripping onto the sand at her feet. As her hair was drawn away from her shoulder, her loose jerkin fell open at the back. I had a brief glimpse of an angry looking scar on her shoulder blade, it disappeared beyond the leather material of her clothing. So, I thought, even Seri has not been totally immune to some injury in her life. I remembered that day onboard the Ocean Belle in the captain’s cabin when she reached for that exact same spot when talking about the dragon birds. Seri caught me looking; she quickly made to cover it once more by pulling on the coller of her jerkin. I dropped my gaze, from the look she gave me it was like she issued a challenge.
After a few seconds I looked her way again, she still looked at me, but her expression had changed to a much friendlier look. “We should also refill our water bottles, although I suspect that we won’t go short of water here. It’s food that worries me, the animal tracks are rarely used, and there is no sound in the woods, no animal or bird noises. We may be wise to eat heartily here for we may not get another meal apart perhaps from berries and roots for a while.”
Łĩnwéé gave a grunt of disapproval.
Once our bellies were full of fish and fruit we packed and made to leave the beach, I took one last look out across the vast expanse of the ocean, I half expected to see that sail, but no, the Ocean Belle was long gone sailing down the coast to Amentura – without me.
The waves continued their never ending run up the beach each crested with white foam. I was a loathed to leave this place of comfort and beauty, this place of certainty and safe repetition. But the inevitability and call of the unknown beckoned to us and before long we had made our way up across the warm sand. Then up the bank of dunes through sea grasses interspersed with low fleshy plants the stems of which were a pale greyish colour adorned with bright yellow flowers. We were heading for the woodland that started a couple of hundred metres further inland. The sun was shining warm on our faces and the sand under our feet was soft and dry. I glanced up and down the line of trees just before we entered the wood. The trees here were spindly pines with long dark green narrow needles instead of broad leaves. Enormous brown pine cones hung from their branches and their trunks had smooth brown bark that looked to be flaking off in patches, the sand around each of the trunks was covered in the bark that had fallen from the trees. I bent down to pick up a piece of the bark it smelled slightly metallic.
Serinae said, “take a lick Mini,” she nodded at the piece of bark I held in my hand.
“What?” I said inquiringly at this strange request.
She repeated her words with a smile of encouragement, so thinking that the bark was some unknown delicacy of fine cuisine, I took the piece of bark and placing it near my lips I stuck out my tongue and licked it, “auuughh,” it tasted of salt, lots of salt.
I spat and threw the offending pieces of wood away. Then raising my arm I tried to wipe my tongue on my sleeve. 
Giggling Serinae handed me a water flask and I gratefully took a couple of swigs to wash the salty taste from my mouth, I spat the water onto the sandy ground.
Serinae then said, “the trees here drink brackish water from deep under the sand, it is the only water available to them out on the dunes, they have evolved to very cleverly remove the salt from their sap and push it out into their bark, once the outer layer of bark is saturated with salt it dies and peels away dropping from the tree, the new bark having already formed underneath takes its place, a clever adaptation eh?”
We walked on into the woods, after a little while we could hear running water. This must be the stream that Seri was talking about. Sure enough the trees stopped and we came out into an open space through which the stream ran, the soil here was still sandy but much richer in colour as if it was mixed with loamy soil and instead of the salt resilient pine trees, there were more broad leafed trees growing and on these trees we found the purple fruits that we had enjoyed earlier. There was also a broad swathe of soft grass growing here and we sat down for a little while admiring the surroundings. We all filled our water bottles with fresh water and found ourselves partaking of a few more of the delicious fruits.
I said, “obviously the pine trees do not like the fresh water to drink, but I’m glad these fruit trees do.” 
Serinae nodded. She was looking at the sandy ground around the pool.
“What is it?” I asked.
“I was here earlier; look you can see my bare foot prints all around in the soft sand.”
Sure enough these were plain to see. But as I went closer I could also see booted prints, larger than Seri’s feet. Not only that but these boot prints overlay many of Seri’s bare foot prints. “Someone else was here?” I asked. “And after you left?”
Serinae just nodded. Her fingers gently caressing the outline of one of the boot prints, her mind obviously deep in thought.
Teouso changed quickly into his wolf form. He sniffed at the boot prints, then he changed back. He gave Serinae a look that I thought was a look of confirmation, she just nodded once in thanks to him and then turned away so that I could not see the expression upon her features.
“Do you know who this was? Does Teouso recognise the scent?” I asked. But I did not get an answer from Serinae and Teouso could not confirm my question or otherwise, he just looked at me with that sneering smile of his and then stared at Serinae’s retreating back.
We each took the advantage of the fresh clear water to have a wash, I loved the feel of my wet hair free again of the clingy salt after the sea journey, I ran my fingers through it several times and managed to free most of the knots that had gotten into it since its last proper brushing in Solin’s house that evening of the party. I began to wish that the maid servant that had helped me there was also on hand here. But an hour or so later we were pressing on. We crossed the stream and found ourselves not in a forest as such but an area of scrub where thorny bushes grew, luckily these bushes did not grow too close together, and there were many criss-crossed paths of rough grass running in all directions about the sandy scrubland floor so we were able to make good time through the bushes.
We spent two days travelling thus, the type of growth had changed after half a day’s walk from the ocean and now we found ourselves walking through a much denser region of Oak and other broad leaved trees, quite reminiscent of Gel’Te’Ertenya. These trees may well be the northern most outpost of the deep forest. I was hoping that the meagre diet of fruit, nuts and dried smoked fish would come to an end with some succulent fresh game but we never set eyes on a single animal or bird in any of the woods that we travelled through. After two days I was beginning to think I would never eat dried fish again for as long as I lived. I think Łĩnwéé suffered the most being used to fresh meat on his platter every day, coupled with the fact that he had been complaining all through the last day in the woods of a hungry stomach, especially when his complaints were punctuated regularly by the growls emanating from under his belt.
We now found ourselves within an increasingly heavily wooded region. The woods became quite gloomy, nothing was dry, a watery haze hung over everything, probably a result of the rains that seemed quite common in this region just below the mountains. Serinae didn’t seem much bothered, she just gathered her cloak around her with her arms inside and pulled her hood over her brow. I noticed her spirits rise as we got deeper into the woodlands. I remember I walked by her side as she is quietly sung a tune in our own T’Iea language, I did not recognise it, but in an attempt to strike up a conversation and make the time pass, I asked, “what is the tune you sing Seri?”
Turning to look at me she said, “don’t you know of it Mini, it originated from an ancient poem called the Rangers Lament, my mother and father sang it to me all the time, but then I suppose they were both rangers. The rest of our party turned in expectation of the light hearted entertainment. “As soon as I had memory I have known this song.” She looked at me again, “I’ll sing it in the common tongues of men so that we all understand.” So raising her head she sung in a melodious voice:

Ancient T’Iea by race, T’Iea’Tarderi by cast.
True fare of the face, yet long lived in past.
Once a youth without any skill, lessons dealt and punishment feel.
Learning fast through all ill, thus see me now the cards I deal.
The Paladin views me a grain of dirt, beyond redemption by the Cleric.
Names they call me do not hurt, my loyal brethren give me merit.
A Druid’s friend never without, a warriors ally agile and fast.
The Mage’s saviour when power is out, to those in need a sturdy mast.
With precious bow and agile blade, long practiced hard-learnt skill.
Spend my life’s blood abroad, to thwart many all ill.
The lost I am to find, and bring to rest and save.
Though all the forest blind, countless horrors will I brave.
Tracker of the Ognod man, slayer of the vilest order.
Defiler of all evil clan, such repeated over and over.
Will rest ever be my reward, will ever I be thanked.
Nay, none such toward, for their minds they are blanked.
Ever faithful to my people, ancient doctrines to abide.
Ever onward then to build, till final death, doth divide.
The Maker will call out to me, within whose halls he has a place.
Eternity will thank me, no longer to toil and labour will I chase.

She smiled as she came to the last lines. “It’s funny,” she said. “But I haven’t thought of it for years and in the last few days I can’t get it out of my head.” She laughed lightly and I couldn’t help but smile. 
Then suddenly with fluid movement she had her hands from under her cloak, her bow in her left hand and an arrow notched, with her right she drew back on the bow and let lose the shaft. It sped through the air and through the leaves of a low-hanging bough and into the trees. I heard a thud, the arrow had hit some unseen target up ahead. Satisfied that her arrow had found its mark, she glanced at me with a wink of her eye she smiled and said, “supper.”
She jogged off ahead and reached a point further up the path where she entered the trees. There she crouched down. I could see her whisper some ancient words of prayer. Grabbing hold of something large she dragged what looked like a body onto the path. When we got up close I could see she had shot a wild boar. 
“A good excuse to camp I think,” she said smiling at Łĩnwéé. 
Łĩnwéé nodded his agreement then rubbed his hands together in glee. “Aye, ‘onour me by alettin’ me prepare t’ beast.”
Smiling at Serinae he started to drag the corpse away, calling over his shoulder, “someone o’ ye’s build a nice hot fire, fo’ I promise ye the eat’n be good t’night.” 
As I glanced back to look at Serinae my eye was caught by a movement amongst the trees, as I stood peering into the forest I begin to discern a shape not far from where the boar was shot. Yes, I could see it now, the shape of a person with long hair and not a stitch on for clothing I could also see through the figure to the foliage beyond. The figure was smiling at me, I turned to point this out to Serinae but she had already gone to look for firewood and when I turned back to look the figure was no longer there. I continued to stare at the space where I saw the figure, I gasped, I was sure I saw another, this one in a hooded cloak, I felt eyes boring into me, a cold shiver went down my spine. This figure reminded me of the mage that was killed in Corbond, I felt evil emanating towards me, my blood ran cold and I seemed transfixed to the spot. But then I jumped out of my skin when I felt a touch on my shoulder. Turning I looked into Jondris’s eyes, he smiled at me somewhat questioningly, “come Mini, get looking for some firewood instead of staring into space.”
I started to object, but I saw that everyone else is busy occupied with various jobs setting up camp and guilt lured me to doing what Jon had asked. He remained looking into the woods where I saw, thought I saw the figure, before he turned and walked away.
After a while I came across Serinae who was kneeling on one knee her head bowed, something stopped me from going to her and interrupting her. Only when she stood up did I go to her and ask her what is wrong.
Giggling she said, “oh Mini, nothing is wrong I was just giving thanks to Eny’Nin’Rel for providing such a sumptuous meal tonight.” 
I smiled at her. I guessed less than half my people fully believe in the old customs these days and I still would never have believed one such as Serinae would have taken the slightest notice of the old religion. She had swept into my life and never ceased to amaze me every day I was in her presence. I stumbled after her. 
“Seri I,” suddenly I felt foolish, she looked at me her head to one side expectant, I felt even more foolish so I determined to ask. “I saw a figure in the forest not far from where you shot the boar earlier, but it wasn’t really a person I could see through the figure as if was just a mist.”
Looking at me Seri smiled and taking me by both hands she asked me what I knew of Eny’Nin’Rel, the Maker. I looked into her eyes and told her that I didn’t know anything really, neither of my parents were really believers and where we lived the local cleric, although a wonderfully kind man and story teller was not really taken very seriously, sure he performed civic ceremonies like weddings and funerals, but not many people went to his regular worship gatherings. I added that I had a great aunt who was a believer and used to tell me children’s stories, but that was all really, nothing to make me think they were anything other than just that, just children’s stories. She nodded thoughtfully as we all moved to sit around the fire waiting for the meat to prepare. We were all in a relaxed mood for there was the promise that our bellies would be full, the weather was pleasant and just at that moment life was good.
Serinae sat down and bid me do the same. She looked at me and said that she would like to tell me a story if I agreed. I said I would, so she began. 
“There is a tale, whether you believe it or not I leave up to you for the choice can only be yours to make. It says that all people were created in the purity of love, the love of Eny’Nin’Rel the Father of all, not here in this world but in another place, a place that now is forgotten and no longer has a name that is remembered. Something happened and the people, where cast out here into this world, as to the reasons why, well that has been lost to history. Some say it was a punishment, some say it was for a test, others that it was neither of these things and we must wait for a future day to find out the real reason. But in his love Eny’Nin’Rel instructed his spirits, the R’Alacry Fer’Def, to keep watch over us.”
She nodded encouragingly at me. “Not many people get to see these beings during their lifetimes, it is thought that most can only be seen in death, in that moment when the soul passes out of this world. They are sent to guide us, to show the way back to Eny’Nin’Rel. To return to him that small part of himself that he implanted within each of us. That unconditional gift placed within each of us in love. A guiding light to be returned finally to that place of truth where we all truly belong. Perhaps you are very lucky and have seen one Mini, not in death but in life!”
The question that begged to be answered was on my lips and I asked, “what about you Seri, have you ever seen one, have you seen the R’Alacry Fer’Def?” 
She looked at me and casting her glance to the grass at our feet, “yes, on occasions Mini, I am humbled to be blessed with such insight. I believe our race of the T’Iea are more predisposed to being able to perceive them in all kinds of situations, however, I believe it is not luck that enables this or any other kind of indulgence, I believe that it is a strong and unwavering faith in Eny’Nin’Rel that allows these glimpses.” 
“Who are they then?” I asked. 
“Like I said they are the R’Alacry Fer’Def,” or ‘those walking in light’ as Jondris would call them in the common tongue used between races. 
“Ah so all races can see them then?”
She smiled and said, “yes Mini, in faith Eny’Nin’Rel does not favour any one race above any other, in fact I think he may have even created all the races originally, hence why he is sometimes referred to as the Father of all.” 
I was in two minds about what she had just told me, for if true then there is a higher controlling force beyond anything I have so far imagined, and most importantly that controlling force sided with us? 
“You know Mini, that the greatest of our people, the smiths, the warriors, the leaders and the healers, they should all place their thanks once again in the R’Alacry Fer’Def. You would do well to learn how to develop your talent in that direction, then your healing capabilities will be enhanced more than you can imagine. Amplified beyond your imagination.” 
I looked questioningly at Serinae. 
She continued. “Whether a healer or a ranger, a smith or an artist, it doesn’t matter Mini, our skills can be greatly improved by the flow of power from the R’Alacry Fer’Def, as I said I believe the T’Iea seem to have a natural affinity in that we above all races seem to be able to harness this gift. But the key is true faith Mini, without true faith there is no chance or even a hint of the joy and enhancements to life that are so easily and freely available to all.”
She shook her head, a disappointed look upon her face. “So many Mini have closed minds, some by choice seeing such ways as futile and of no use to them. Some not by choice, but in ignorance, for the old ways have fallen from favour and have been forgotten by many. In these more recent times we have become complacent Mini, the many dangers in life that we once faced are less now. I guess it is far easier to grasp onto things that you can see and feel, trust in your own capabilities rather than those of a less tangible nature. But for whatever reason they deny themselves, or are denied this knowledge, they do not seek to discover the truth. But such choices are ours as individuals to make Mini, none may force such a choice upon another, each must discover the spark of Eny’Nin’Rel within them, nurture it and allow it to grow and give true life. This gift is freely given it is available to all without condition. Eny’Nin’Rel only desires that his gift be freely taken.”
She smiled and closed her eyes as if relishing something pleasant. “You will see Mini, if you give your heart to Eny’Nin’Rel then in return he will bestow limitless gifts upon you and you will be set free from the confines of your own, self-imposed limitations and fenced-in capabilities.”
She reached down to her side exposing her quiver of arrows. She drew one up being careful not to draw it out fully. “You see the arrows in my quiver, they appear slightly fluid, not solid as you would expect.”
I looked at the arrow she held in her fingertips, it remained within the quiver and it was difficult to see whether she actually held its feathered shaft or whether it slipped between her fingers. 
“Here see if you can pull one out.” She dropped the arrow back.
I reached over and slowly stretched out my hand to touch the flights of the arrow. To my great surprise I could not feel anything, my fingers close around nothing, I smiled in slight embarrassment and a little frustration as I continue to try and grasp the arrow that I know is there, or do I? But I feel nothing let alone grasp one to withdraw it. I pull back my hand looking at my fingertips, I didn’t know what I expected to see but it certainly was not the shaft of one of Serinae’s arrows. 
Smiling slightly Serinae reached down and without hesitation withdrew an arrow from the quiver, this time she drew it fully. She laid it upon her lap and within less than a second I was astonished to see the shaft, the glinting metal arrow head, the feathered flights and the bone nock all take solid form. Once there was a shimmering half transparent arrow, there now appeared a normal looking arrow. She handed it to me. I hesitated, reluctant to make a fool of myself again, but she continued to beckon for me to take it. I reached out half expecting it to fall through my grasp but was shocked to feel the smooth wooden shaft in my fingers, I drew it close to inspect it and yes, there it was, a solid arrow, in fact a magnificent piece of craftsmanship.
I looked up into Serinae's face and said, “how?”
Taking the arrow from me she placed it on the ground in front of her.
“This quiver is crafted to bridge the gap between this world and another place, a place similar, but not quite the same as the world of the R’Alacry Fer’Def perhaps, or maybe even the same place, who knows. This place, or these places for there are reputed to be many, we call collectively Elit G’fedrel. Elit G’fedrel is not somewhere we are able to travel to, at least not in this life, but our fore fathers in their wisdom and faith were able to create links to many such places. I look on these links as pathways through a garden, where the garden gate is unlocked and we can enter, but the house itself we do not hold the key for, a kind of midway point if you like. Within the quiver the arrows sit partially in that world and partially in this, imagine then that these arrows after being made within the house are now placed within reach within the garden of which I spoke. Once removed, taken through the garden gate if you will, they form fully into this world. An arcane link associated with the quiver allows me to draw them across the void between the worlds, to reach into the garden and take them through the gate. But the act of drawing something from Elit G’fedrel means that the space must be refilled, or an imbalance may occur. So the quiver is designed such that it immediately replicates what has been removed in exactly the same place as it was taken from. Imagine I pluck a bloom from a plant and the plant instantaneously regrows the removed flower. A neat side effect of this phenomenon is that I have an unlimited supply of arrows.”
She smiled at my gaping mouth. “The skill to do Mini this is hard learnt, it took me many years to understand enough of the art to successfully craft this quiver and even then I had to have a great deal of aid to do so. But like I said even my efforts fell short, for I cannot now replace an arrow back into the quiver once withdrawn, for try as I might I could not make the process work in reverse.” 
She looked at the arrow on the ground. I felt she was disturbed because the arrow had been withdrawn but not used 
She continued however. “If I had more understanding, more skill perhaps I would have understood how to make it a two-way process, but this skill is lost to me. 
“So that’s why I could not withdraw the arrow because I do not have the skill?”
“In a way yes Mini, or perhaps more importantly you may not have realised fully your faith I’m afraid, but when you do, for I’m sure you will, your healing skills will become immensely powerful, far greater than any you could learn or understand by your own skill alone. Imagine Mini if like my arrows you were be able to draw upon the power within Elit G’fedrel and enhance what skill you have now, with that combination what a healer you would surely become.” 
I pondered on this for a while, my thoughts a little confused, but a note of excitement in my mind none the less. Then I had to ask a question. “Seri, but if I drew something from Elit G’fedrel what would I replace it with?”
She looked at me long and hard and replied, “my skills are in other things Mini, I do not know what a healer would give back.” Here her face took on a more serious expression and she said, “but be warned Minervar you must be very careful for you do not want to give just anything.” 
She remained deep in thought for a moment. “I know of some that have been ignorant, even greedy in their drawing upon Elit G’fedrel. If the rules are broken Mini, then a price is demanded. That price may be high and not what you expect. I have known some who have paid a very high price, given part of themselves, they suffer a kind of madness, for they seem to be in this world, at least that part of them that belongs to this world remains, yet their minds or perhaps their spirit is lost to somewhere else, unable to return. There is a void between that which should be whole.” She shivered as if recalling some horror.
Suddenly Serinae looked up a beaming smile upon her face and pointed towards the fire and said, “ah look the boar is being sliced, let’s go eat Mini.”
Then taking me by the hand she pulled me up and led me across to the fire, she had in her hand the arrow that was on the ground and without hesitation threw it into the flames, her eyes lingered upon it as it started to smoulder and char, she muttered something under her breath, the moment passed and turning we took our seats by the sides of our travelling companions and looked hungrily at the slices of succulent meat already piled onto a plate ready to serve.

Chapter 23 The Tolle’ Ambrunista

Extract from ‘Travel Across Dahl’Ambronis’, by by Solin D’Teinde.
To the northern most reaches of the Tolle’Fornosse’Veetri there is another mountain range that runs at right angles to the great spine. They are one and the same really, but the T’Iea view these lesser mountians as separating north from south, rather than east from west so they have a different name for them. These they call the The Tolle’ Ambrunista.
~

As we travelled the following morning the trees started to thin and eventually gave way to a vast area of grass lands. A prairie that ran into the distance where it eventually rose upwards into the foothills of the Tolle’Ambrunista. The winds blew the strands of tall grasses in waves of movement looking like a colourful seascape on which we were afloat. The waves could be seen washing against the land in the distance. Looking beyond the point where the prairie ran up against the foothills, the mountain peaks nearest to us were comparatively low and either completely covered in some greenery or topped with a rocky outcrop, looking like an old man’s bald head where the upper slopes were too steep for any kind of growth to take root. Beyond these lower summits though could be seen the higher mountains some of which still had snow-capped peaks. 
Łĩnwéé’s step seemed to pick up, I suspected that this was partly due to the feast we enjoyed last evening, I had never seen someone eat quite so much of anything as Łĩnwéé tucking into the wild boar. But also I felt that seeing the mountains of his homeland once more added to his raised spirits.
We crossed the grasslands swiftly in one day for there was nothing to hinder our passage and entered the foothills of the mountains in the late afternoon. The going remained quite easy the growth here was comprised mainly of rough bush, gorse and heather mainly but the bushes were not too numerous that they posed any barrier to our passage. My calves began to complain though because of the steadily steepening uphill slopes. The temperature was dropping as we walked and we kept an ominous eye on the snow-capped peaks above our heads in the distance.
At one point Serinae stopped us with a raised hand, she was looking towards the mountains.
Jon asked her what she saw.
She pointed. “There high in the sky, that dark cloud.” 
I followed her gaze and sure enough high against the blue sky there appeared to be a grey coloured cloud. But it was behaving unlike any cloud I had seen, instead of moving steadily with the wind, this shape moved erratically, moving first one way then another, both with and against the wind. I was reminded of a flock of birds, but this flock must have been thousands in number.
Tnie had removed his spy glass from its case on his belt and had it held up to his eye. He lowered it and squinted looking towards where we could see the cloud.
“Can’t see much from this distance, it looks like a slightly larger cloud from here.” he exclaimed.
Łĩnwéé, who with his eyes could also quite plainly see this thing said, “I have lived out m’ life in these ‘ere mountains, ne’er have I spied anything liken t’ this before, it dunny bode well I fear.”
The cloud finally moved away from us and was lost in the haze. Thus losing interest we moved on. The mountains seemed to close in around us as the path narrowed and wound its way forward around the foothills, all the time climbing steadily. On occasions the path seemed lost to us altogether because of a landslide or just the loose scree that lay about, sometimes this was in great piles as if a mountain river had washed the rocks to this point and piled them up like a dam. On more than one occasion, one or two in our party lost their footing on the loose stones and found themselves sliding downhill for several metres before they could recover their balance and climb precariously back up to the path. The area was desolate, nothing grew here, mainly I suspect because of the unstable ground, but also as we found out because of the terrifying wind that sometimes blew in the area. It seemed that the wind itself fought against our presence in the mountains for on certain occasions it blew so strong that making any headway at all was impossible. At these times the only thing we could do was to sit out the cold driving winds by hiding in an alcove or on the leeward side of a large boulder. 
On one such occasion Łĩnwéé managed to guide us into a cave. Once inside we were thankful to be out of the full force of the wind, but we still had to huddle down as best we could to avoid the maelstrom of small rocks and debris that the icy wind was trying to hurl at us. We were stuck inside the cave for all of that afternoon, the whole of that night and half of the following day, unable to venture out. I asked if this kind of weather was the norm in the region. Łĩnwéé said that it was always windy here because of the grassy plains below. These would be heated up by the sun and the cold air would rush down from the mountains sucked in by the vacuum left by the hot air rising from the plains below. But he added that he had never before experienced such strong wind and for as long a period of time and did not view it as a good sign.
When the wind did eventually die down having spent itself, we made ready to leave our shelter. As I was packing away my things I heard a strange chattering noise, it appeared to be coming from outside the cave. I did not take much notice of it to start with but after a while the noise got louder and more frequent. It seemed that everyone heard the noise for now for we all started to look anxiously toward the entrance of the cave where the noise was coming from. Then strange shadows started to flit past the mouth of the cave, singularly at first but then more and more until there was more shadows cast around the mouth of the cave than beams of sunlight. I began to feel grave misgivings about this as did all my companions judging by their anxious glances toward the entrance of the cave. Serinae drew her swords and motioned for others to do the same. Just as this was done an almighty screeching noise filled our ears and a black shadow blotted out the light streaming into the cave from the noon day sun. I started to take a step back and caught my foot on a rock, stumbling to the ground I looked toward the mouth of the cave just in time to see what looked like an enormous featureless face its mouth open wide and screaming the most hideous din as something dark and moving was expelled. Before I could shout a warning all hell broke loose, I felt something brush past my cheek and I brought my hand up to the place only to feel wetness there, when I took my hand away there was a smear of blood on the back of my hand. By this time Serinae and my companions were waving their hands and swords around in the air at many black shapes moving around the cave at a great pace. It turned out not to be a single large creature attacking us but many hundreds of individuals flying about. At first I thought they may be enormous bats, but as I moved to try and stand someone pushed me back down again and a black shape fell to the floor in front of my nose. I stared in fascinated horror at the creature that lay before me. It was completely black and covered in a smooth skin with leathery wings like a bat, but its eyes were blood red, where I would expect a nose there was a long beak like protuberance, half opened to reveal rows of long needle sharp teeth and lolling out of its mouth was what appeared to be its tongue only this tongue ended in a bony tip that looked like the blade of a dagger. Its body was small in comparison to its head and wings. Each wing had a single curved claw at the joint. I tried to stand again but someone shouted just audible above the cacophony,
“Keep low and try to make your way out of the cave!” 
So I started to crawl forward towards the cave mouth, but I thought again of the face I had seen and hesitated, but all I could see was just a glimpse of daylight beyond the hundreds of flying creatures amassed around the entrance and inside the cave.
Eventually we all managed to get out, bloody but alive, the creatures did not pursue us and it seemed that actually they were not in fact purposely attacking us, but our wounds were purely from so many flying around in confusion at the intruders in the cave which I supposed may have been their roost. There were just so many collisions that wounds could not be avoided. So we all fell onto our knees outside the cave and looking up we could see that still many hundreds of these beasts were still arriving, flying from somewhere higher up the valley. So we beat a hasty retreat getting as much distance between us and the cave as we could before we thought it safe to sit and rest and tend to our wounds. All of us were bleeding from any uncovered areas of skin, but luckily all the wounds were superficial none very deep. As we sat recuperating I happened to look up to the mountains above the cave where we were. There high on a crag stood a dark figure his arms raised above his head, to my great surprise the figure seemed to waiver and flicker then disappear.
“What in the Makers name were those things,” Jondris asked.
No one seemed to have any idea, until Łĩnwéé who knew these mountains told us that they were Sabre Tongues. Normally these creatures did not present much of a threat as long as one was armed with a stout weapon, but in such great numbers they were a very real danger, they are agile beasts quite capable of dodging sword swings and even arrows. What he found odd was that they were normally solitary and would not attack something as large as a person. But when in such great numbers there was not much chance of you surviving if they decided that you looked like a tasty meal. He went on to explain that they are, or were quite rare in the mountains and weren’t normally found this far north for they normally roosted in trees.
We found ourselves sleeping in the open that night, we took it in turns to be on lookout as we feared the return of these creatures. The following morning we did hear them again but from a distance, probably they were leaving their roost, possibly to hunt. We were fearful that they may again appear amongst us and maybe this time they would attack instead of just returning to their roost for the night. But we glimpsed the black cloud of the beasts below us in the valley heading for the grasslands we had crossed a few days earlier. I wondered if these creatures were the reason for the lack of any animals or birds that we experienced. 
Łĩnwéé told us that he thought it was his imagination at the time but during the period of the night that was his watch his night vision, for all Grûndén have excellent night vision due to their being in the dark so much underground, enabled him to see what he thought was a dark figure in robes standing higher on a cliff edge overlooking our camp. Although the cloak it wore may have been dust blown up by the wind and its arms outstretched may have been a trick of the light upon cracks and fissures in the rock wall. 
I excitedly said, “I too saw something similar, earlier after we escaped the cave with the Sabre Tongues. But I thought I had imagined it because the figure waivered and disappeared.”
Łĩnwéé quickly said, “by Øédréll’s beard, there be only one race who can come and go like’n that, the Old Ones. But I ne’r seen any o’ them ever ‘round these ‘ere parts.”
But then Serinae added, “I don’t think it was your imagination either of you, I also don’t think that a Keeper is following us either, why would they? But I do feel we have been followed for much of the journey since we left the beach and headed inland. I do not know by who but I feel that this is not a friendly presence. At best someone is watching us trying to find out what we are up to, at worst someone does not want us to be successful in our venture. One thing I am sure of is that we will find out one way or the other before this journey is through.”
I remembered Łĩnwéé mentioning these people before. “Old ones? Keepers? Who are they?” I quickly asked when I could.
Serinae looked at Łĩnwéé, when he didn’t respond she answered. “The Keepers are a race of people Mini. Many include them under the banner of the Elder Races. The story goes that they never came to live in the world but stayed within the city in the voids. I have never seen one so I don’t know for sure, they may just be a myth. As for Old Ones, well that’s just the name the Grûndén give to the Keepers. Out of all the elder races the Grûndén have more of a history with them.”
Another race? This was something I found hard to believe, certainly my education was being extended being with Serinae, she knew so much. “Do you think the unusual presence of the Sabre Tongues has anything to do with the Keeper that we saw?” I asked. 
Serinae thought this was possible but would not elaborate on her thoughts, something was holding her back from saying any more, I guessed she suspected more than she was willing to let on, but I did not press her further.
Instead we pressed onwards, deeper into the mountain passes. We travelled in silence for the almost constant chill winds that blew kept our hoods up and our mouths closed. The higher passes were cold and another danger presented itself, for many of the rocks over which we trod became slick with ice and it was necessary to concentrate on where we placed our feet, a fall here would not bode well for the unfortunate victim.

 


Chapter 24 With the Grûndén

Extract from ‘The Hidden Peoples’ by Solin D’Teinde.
Not only do they know everything there is to know about the mining of the ground, but they are also celebrated in theit knowledge of water works. It is said that wherever you find a Grûndén you can find water.
They are masters of hydraulic principle. All their mechanical genius is based on water power. They have learnt how to harness this power to great effect. A miner once joked with me, or maybe he was telling the truth, when he said that given enough water he could move a mountain on his own!
~

At last we came through the final mountain pass. By this time our elevation had dropped back down to warmer more pleasant climes, in fact we had been travelling downhill for the last three days, having passed back into the tree line two days previous. I noticed a spring return to Serinae’s step as if the return of the trees had somehow refreshed her. I had noticed the same lifting of my spirits to, but did not attribute the positive feeling to the trees but more to do with the warming of the air around us. It was good to be in the forest again though, to have broad leaves above our heads and soft grass beneath our feet. Serinae was positively happy humming that tune of hers again. I smiled and was almost tempted to join in.
Łĩnwéé seemed to be getting more excited by the minute, when I asked him about his happy demeanour he smiled up at me and said, “Ach lassie ‘tis the path ‘pon which we tread, ‘round here, within this valley, ‘tis where I spent m’ youth. I be a’gettin’ close t’ home.” 
I smiled at him; perhaps I would feel a rush of elation if I ever returned to that place I called home, although with some trepidation I was beginning to wonder where that actually was. Unlike Master Łĩnwéé who had only been away for a few months, I had been away from my home for many years and it seemed almost lost in memory. I was returned out of my thoughts as I walked straight into Teouso’s broad form, he had stopped dead in his tracks. I began to exclaim my apologies but as I opened my mouth he grabbed my hand and looking at me placed a finger in front of his lips demanding silence. I was about to ask why when I noticed Serinae had her bow in hand an arrow already drawn. Łĩnwéé had his axe at the ready and even Tnie had un-shouldered his ri’fal. I had heard nothing as usual, but had learnt to remain quiet when asked to. Teouso led me gently by the hand as the fighters in our group went into a defensive stature that was second nature to them all. I mused that this meant everyone prepare for a fight and the one nearest Minervar was to shut her up and take her somewhere safe! I glanced at Jondris, no weapons for him but his fists, he looked back at me an alertness in his eyes, he decided to follow Teouso and me into the trees on the opposite side of the path to Serinae who remained with Łĩnwéé and Tnie.
Once concealed we waited for what seemed an eternity. But eventually three figures came into view on the path ahead. Each was very tall and slim and garbed entirely in a loose flowing robe, a large hood pulled over their heads, so large you could not see any of their features. I was reminded of Łĩnwéé’s tale of the figure he saw back in the mountains when we encountered the Sabre Tongues and the same figure perhaps that I had seen high on the crag, there could most definitely have been a similarity. A fear gripped my stomach. Each robe was so long that it covered their feet entirely so that even as they took each step I could not glimpse anything of their form as they strode towards where we remained hidden. They moved gracefully with a gate I did not recognise and they did not communicate as they approached our position. As they came to the section of path nearest to us they stopped as one, neither of the three glanced left or right or moved an inch. I got the distinct impression that they knew we were there. The foremost of their number suddenly moved like lightning, casting aside his robe at the waist he quickly withdrew a long curved sword from its hidden place within the flowing robe and raised the weapon two handed. An arrow swift as a beam of light shot towards the figure. I watched in fascinated horror as it flew swiftly towards its mark and was further fascinated by the way it seemed to be slowing down the nearer it got to its target. About one meter away from the figure with the raised sword the arrow stopped altogether and just hung in the air. I went to take a step backward, but when I tried to move my legs they would not respond to my thoughts for what seemed an age. When one leg eventually did respond it was so slowly that at this rate it would have taken me hours to get to make a single step. My eyes were attracted by another movement and I tried to get them to move towards this, but they wouldn’t move either, at least not immediately. Then as with my leg my eyes started to move but ever so sluggishly. I managed to see out of the corner of my eye the figure in front of the arrow raise its arm at normal speed and gently taking hold of the shaft and plucking it from the air held it up in front of the hood as if inspecting the arrow. By this time my eyes had moved to a position where I could make out the detail of the hand that held the arrow. Long slender fingers, pallid, ashen in colour and at the end of each finger a long curved finger nail, almost like a claw or talon.
All of a sudden I heard a voice, not in my ears but in my head.
“Peace to you long ears. We hold you no malice, put down your weapons for we would not fight you this day.” 
Then without warning a shudder came to my body and my eyes swivelled quickly to the figures standing before us. I realised I could move normally again and almost stumbled backwards at the sudden movement of my leg still trying to take a step back. I shot a glance at Teouso and Jondris, both fell forward onto the path weapons still in their hands. Serinae and the other two stepped out from their hiding place weapons still drawn and a second arrow already fitted to Serinae’s bow. 
Łĩnwéé broke the silence saying, “who are ye that walk these ‘ere lands unheralded and unescorted? These be Grûndén lands, answer by Øédréll or I’ll be of a mind t’ slice ye in two.”
One of the strangers said again directly our minds, “we know where we are stout one, for we have just been meeting with your kinsmen within your city of Gwéldølĩn. As for the slicing in half I would not recommend you take such a provocative action.” 
Serinae lowered her bow and released the draw on the arrow, stepping forward she held up her hand palm forward and bowing slightly said, “forgive us Master Keeper, but few travel these roads it seems these days, and those that do so are not always welcoming to the Elder Races.”
A Keeper! I gasped in wonder, so they were real after all.
The figure holding her arrow moved slightly forward and handed it back to her. She bowed to the figure in front of her and touched her forehead in respect. The figure gave a short bow in return and stepped backwards to re-join his companions. The rest of our party still seemed unsure and although not in aggressive stance, weapons remained in view.
All three figures then as one removed their hoods from their heads, I took a sharp intake of breath as what was revealed were three faces and heads that looked human but the skin was the same ashen white in colour as the hand I had seen and no hair grew upon their heads or anywhere on their faces. The eyes though were what shocked me; they were the same blue within blue that I had seen in Solin’s gaze.
The one who had spoken before then said out loud this time, “be at peace travellers, make haste to Gwéldølĩn, the stout ones are expecting you.”
Then without so much of a nod and no hint of any further word or sound the three replaced their hoods and strode past us and on down the path.
Serinae spoke, “forgive me, but please, are you the only three that walk these lands?”
There was no response, they continued on their way as if they had not heard. Serinae looked angry, she made a few steps to follow them, but the voice spoke once again.
“Look to the stout one’s king long ear, he may hold the answer to your questions.”
Before we could say anything further I gasped for the figures seemed to waver and their outline fade. Then they disappeared before my eyes.
“Old Ones,” said Łĩnwéé with a hint of wonder in his tone. He was smiling and shaking his head from side to side slowly. “I dunny believe they existed but in children’s stories. None ‘ave been seen for so lang, they be but myth an’ legend even t’ me people. By t’ Lord Øédréll’s beard, an’ here be three o’ ‘em. I wonder what business they be ahavin’ in Gwéldølĩn?”
“Who knows Master Grûndén, but if we are expected in Gwéldølĩn as we were told then perhaps an answer does indeed lie there,” was Serinae’s response.
We continued onward, I slowed my pace to allow Serinae to catch up to me, then falling in line with her I asked the question that is burning on my mind, “Keepers?” 
She looked at me and smiled, “you are fortunate Minervar, not many people have seen them let alone been in their presence.” 
“But why here?” 
Serinae smiled again at me and said, “who knows. They are beings with a mysterious past, very wise and knowledgeable, but they keep themselves very much to themselves. They are reputed to be travellers; beings whose skill allows them to traverse freely the outer voids. They are few in number now having lost almost all the ability to reproduce. I have heard stories tell that long ago they traded love and the act of physical affection for immortality. But one thing is for sure Mini, something of great importance has surely happened, for they very rarely venture forth into this world. Only in great need or tumultuous times do they make their presence felt once again.”
“Maybe then that was what Łĩnwéé and I saw above our camp after we had the flight from the sabre tongues, a Keeper?” I asked.
“Maybe,” was the reply.
But something in Serinae’s tone made me think that she thought otherwise. Before I could ask another question Łĩnwéé shouted and ran forward pointing ahead, all eyes were turned to him. 
“There,” he said pointing ahead. “There it be.”
As we turned another slight bend the path dropped down the mountainside to a valley below, at the head of the valley a river could be seen gushing from out of the rock flowing forth from a wide cave. 
“What?” I asked. I could see nothing except the obvious.
Łĩnwéé laughed and clapping his hands together in glee said, “It be there, the south’n door, the gateway into the Grûndén realm an’ the lands o’ m’ fathers, there be the fare city o’ Gwéldølĩn under the mountain.” 
I tried to see the gate and the city but couldn’t see anything that even resembled a construction if any sort, so shrugged and continued walking. Łĩnwéé leapt ahead of us all and went dancing down the path. We entered the valley and proceed to follow the path by the river up the vale along a well-worn way until we caught up with him at the rock wall in which was the cave out of which the river was flowing. The cave looked much bigger here up close and I thought this must be the door, or gate to which Łĩnwéé referred. “We will get our feet wet,” I said.
Suddenly a shout went up from above our heads. “ACRET!” 
I looked for the person shouting the word but could see no one. Łĩnwéé puffed out his chest and shouted a response which I did not understand for he shouted words in his own language,
“Íscãtél, ĩnĩ röbûcd né shéll fãtéĩllé.” 
Looking up I saw the features of a heavily armoured Grûndén soldier appear as if out of the rock face above. I took several steps backwards to get a better view.  There about twenty metres or so above the ground on which we stood I could just perceive a sort of balcony set into the rock face, very cleverly disguised and I could see the Grûndén quickly followed by two others in similar armour look over the edge.
One of the soldiers shouted questioningly, “déh néf cétrûg?”
Łĩnwéé muttered to himself and shook his head. Then to no one in particular responded in the common tongue, “have I been a’gone s’ long then, that none a yee’s may remember me?” 
But then another of the Grûndén suddenly shouted, “Łĩnwéé?” 
To which our companion looked up and again reverting back to his own tongue shouted, 
“Ayé néh förntöl Łĩnwéé. Ísk nãt Fééwiél?” 
A shout came in reply from above, “Łĩnwéé, förntöl Łĩnwéé!” 
Then after a few minutes we heard a deep rumbling sound and I could feel the earth start to shake beneath my feet, there was a noise like cracking stone and part of the rock wall to the left of the point where the river ran out, started to slide inwards and then after thirty seconds or so the wall changed direction sliding to one side revealing the mouth of a large cave big enough to let a column of soldiers pass with ease.
Łĩnwéé danced with glee again and said to us, “come, come my friends,” and pointing to the opening beckoned us to follow him inside the mountain.
As we passed between the gate and into the cavern darkness fell all around us. Only when our eyes adjusted did we become aware of a faint glow from the surrounding rocks and soon this glow was enough to see by. Stretching out in front of us was a large high tunnel obviously carved out of the mountain at some time past. The walls of the tunnel were perfectly smooth and regular; some great art was practiced and used here to work this wonder. I heard laughter and looking to my right I saw Łĩnwéé and another who I assume was the Grûndén Fééwiél clutching each other’s hands and jumping up and down in delight, quite a heartfelt reunion I thought. Serinae seemed to be chatting to one of the other Grûndén guards, remarkably he was saluting her and standing to attention. He stood on the bottom step of a flight of stairs that were set into a doorway entrance in the rock and disappeared upwards in a spiral within. I assumed these led to the terrace and balcony above where the Grûndén kept guard over the entrance and could watch over the surrounding countryside without being seen themselves. Serinae seemed to be in quite a lengthy conversation with the Grûndén she was talking with. Soon they nodded to each other, saluted and the conversation came to an end.
The Grûndén she had been talking to coughed and in a loud voice said in the common tongue, “welcome m’ lords an’ ladies to Gwéldølĩn, ye be honoured guests ‘specially as ye be in the company of one o’ our own.” At this he nodded to Łĩnwéé, and then continuing, “an, o’ course the Lady Serinae who be well known to us. We rejoice at her returning to Gwéldølĩn fo’ she be sorely missed these years past. Please follow. I be ‘priv’leged t’ escort ye with honour t’ the city an’ t’ make arrangements for your stay an’ audience with the Grâumin.” 
At this he turned and shouting some departing orders to the other guards, beckoned us follow behind him as he walked away down the tunnel. I wondered what or who the Grâumin was and as if she read my mind Serinae whispered in my ear,
“the Grûndén king Mini,” and smiling winked at me.
Within a hundred metres or so we came to a junction where another tunnel joined from the left in a sort of sweeping fork. Along the floor of this tunnel lay two parallel metal bars that seemed to sing to me like the blade of a sword being sharpened. Looking up and down the tunnel I became aware of a bright light shining from beyond the bend in the fork. I watched this light became brighter and brighter until around the bend a small sort of cart or carriage came rattling along, its wheels astride the metal bars on the floor. The bright light was mounted on the front of this carriage and immediately behind I could make out a Grûndén in overalls sitting on a small seat sideways on, he held a long smouldering pipe in his teeth. In his hand he held some kind of lever device. The soldier that escorted us held up his hand and as the little carriage drew alongside us the Grûndén sitting in the carriage pushed on the lever gently and the carriage came to a slow halt right in front of us. I noticed that the carriage was not alone, following close behind were several other little carriages, but I noticed these, although having a seat and lever like the one in front did not have anyone controlling the lever. 
Our escort said, “Come, sit,” and he proceeded to climb onto one of the carriages and sitting on the seat, beckoned to us to do likewise on the following carriages. 
Once we were all seated I felt a jerk as the carriages moved off again I felt slightly uneasy at the jerking movement and grabbed at the lever in front of me to steady myself. But the lever moved and suddenly I was shaken by an awful grinding and vibrating from the carriage I was sitting on. The Grûndén in the lead carriage jerked us to a halt again and saying something in a loud voice looked at me in annoyance. 
Łĩnwéé, who was in the carriage next to mine said in a slightly embarrassed tone, “Mini don’ ye touch tha’ brake lever lassie, lest ye upset the applecart.” He nodded towards my hands that were gripping the lever. 
I immediately release the lever as if it were burning my hand. The Grûndén in the front carriage grunted something inaudible and releasing his lever, we again started to move off. 
Slowly I got used to the jerking rattling mode of transport and started to look around at my surroundings. We had accelerated gently and now moved quite rapidly through the tunnel. I noticed many other tunnels branching off the one through which we travelled, most had a set of ‘rails’ as the Grûndén called the parallel metal bars. Sometimes a little carriage with its light was stationary at the mouth of a tunnel waiting for us to pass before pulling out behind us, sometimes following, sometimes going in the opposite direct or disappearing down another side tunnel after following us for a short while. We also passed through wide open caverns, each of these seemed to be full of activity. Many contained buildings and other structures, some of which were obviously workshops of some kind for sparks flew from many forges and many other industrious noises could be heard as we passed by. I felt astounded, so much was going on, so much was down here out of sight to the world above, it was after all a different world. At one point we stopped in one of the larger caverns and our driver climbed down from his carriage and walked towards one of the buildings. He went inside and reappeared minutes later with a wooden crate full of odd looking metal shapes. With the help of another Grûndén he placed this crate behind his seat before climbing back on board and we again resumed our journey. Time and again I was struck by the activity and ingenuity of the Grûndén as they worked at whatever they were doing.
After some hour or so of moving along the tunnel I began to notice a great golden coloured glow in front of us, this steadily increased in intensity the nearer we got and finally after leaving the tunnel through a very wide exit we burst forth into the widest open space this far and were bathed in the golden light.
I was astonished, at first I thought we had come back out of the mountain and were once more in daylight, in some enormous valley within the heart of the mountains, but as my eyes adjusted, the truth was even wilder for we had entered a colossal cavern. The space was so large it was beyond belief, at least a thousand times larger than any we had so far passed through, and that guess was being conservative I thought later. The golden glow emanated not from the sun but from a number of massive globes that hung way, way above us. I looked around and gaped at my surroundings. The cavern walls either side of us curved ever so slightly around and disappeared into a haze at the limit of my vision. I guessed that this was around ten or even maybe twenty kilometres on either side of the point where we exited the tunnel. The immense golden globes, six in all, also appeared to be many kilometres above my head which meant that they must be enormous themselves. We crossed a bridge and my face was pleasantly dampened from a fine spray of cool water as it rose from a deep chasm below us, looking around I could see a magnificent waterfall cascading down the wall of the cavern and falling into the depths of the chasm we were crossing. I guessed far below us somewhere lost to sight in the mist, this water must have continued on its course as a subterranean river going to I knew not where. We came to the end of the bridge and passing over a short section of ground densely populated by trees, found ourselves on another bridge identical to the first, when I glanced back I could see the piece of ground we had just passed over was the top of a tall narrow pinnacle of rock, the base of which could not be seen as it disappeared into the fine spray of water from the cascade far below us. Plants adorned the sides of the pinnacle, their roots gripping the rock face. I could see ferns, some of great size, far taller than I. Some climbing plants with pretty coloured variegated leaves hung in long fronds, the stems looked to be thicker than my arms and these disappeared into the water laden air below. Many vibrantly colourful birds of all sizes flew in and around the plants and some could be seen flying across the gulf below us, feathers spread wide and wings constantly adjusting to the turbulent air currents flowing below.
We continued and passed four such pinnacles protruding up from the depths. A couple of these were taller than the height of our passage, so we passed these pinnacles not across the top, but through them via a tunnel that had been cut clean through their centre, I was reminded of an eye of a needle, but many times bigger of course. We passed through one such enormous pinnacle, much larger than the rest. The tunnel within plunged us into darkness for three or four minutes. But nothing prepared me for the view we got upon exiting the tunnel. I gasped, for ahead of us I got my first glimpse of the city itself, the Grûndén city of Gwéldølĩn.
The city lay basking in the golden glow of the six great globes. Gwéldølĩn was a stunning surprise, it was truly beautiful, its buildings were works of architectural art and trees and shrubs grew everywhere. There were terraces and walkways, stair cases winding around, sloping pathways and avenues lined with trees and shrubs. Water ran and cascaded down little waterfalls, sometimes trickling down troughs in the middle of a road, sometimes pouring forth from circular holes at the base of a building into large bowl like structures obviously made to catch the water and gather it in pools before it flowed onwards on its way. Ornate bridges of beautifully designed wrought iron-work mimicked the branches of trees spanning across streams and roads and walkways between buildings. Fountains where everywhere, many different designs could be seen, some standalone some attached to the walls of buildings. The city itself spanned across many pinnacles of rock all massive in size and all at different levels giving the city the look of having been built across several large terraces at varying heights.
I was aghast, all I could say was, “it’s so beautiful.”
Łĩnwéé smiled up at me and leaning towards me said, “aye Mini, ‘tis a sight for these eyes, it feel good t’ be home again. Ye be very welcome in t’ the fair city o’ Gwéldølĩn, I hope yur stay be a pleasin’ one.”
I just looked at him and gave a slightly girlish giggle for I was so excited to be here in this beautiful place.
Once across the bridge we entered a lower district of the city, not the lowest, for windows and balconies could be seen disappearing down the sides of the rocky cliffs. Far, far below the windows weren’t glazed at all but just had ornate wrought iron works across them and below that the windows just had vertical bars. A couple of long rope bridges spanned the gulf between certain of the pinnacles of rock and some rickety looking wooden platforms and walkways clung to the vertical faces disappearing down into the watery mists below. Many of these walkways and bridges had planks missing and rotted rope hung form some parts, I suspected that these were no longer used.
The main city districts were built on a series of hills lower to our left and rising higher to our right. I learnt later that these hills were in fact indeed the tops of larger plateaus of rock, the tops of pinnacles which had their bases upon the floor of the cavern many hundreds of metres below in the depths of the water that flowed through this massive place somewhere far below. Many beautifully ornate bridges spanned between these plateaus joining up the various districts of the city.
Eventually we came to a grinding halt inside one of the buildings set within this lower district of the city. Again this seemed to be some kind of a workshop and possibly a terminal for the ‘applecarts’ as the Grûndén called the little carriages on which we had travelled. I noticed many pairs of metal rails ran in and out of this building in many directions and much activity is going on. I noticed some applecarts being rotated on large movable tables and I was reminded of the CaRTS in Scienocropolis. Similar to that transport system the rotating tables enabled the little applecarts to be turned and face back the way they had entered the building, or in another direction altogether. But unlike those in Scienocropolis these rotating tables were far smaller and had to be turned manually by a couple of Grûndén turning a handle off to one side.
Other areas of the building housed benches and many Grûndén were hard at work doing what looked like repairs to the applecarts, others were fabricating things. I noticed one bench was piled high with levers matching the one in front of me, obviously the little applecarts were manufactured here. I suddenly heard someone call to me and looking around I noticed that we had actually stopped and everyone had dismounted the applecarts and were now walking away from me towards the far end of the building. I jumped down and ran to catch up still looking this way and that, marvelling at all the activity here in this place. I noticed a company of grim looking Grûndén soldiers wearing full armour and carrying weapons to one side lined up in order. The armour that they wore was not as sophisticated or as well worked as that which Łĩnwéé wore, or for that matter the uniforms that gate guards wore. As we walked by each soldier stood to attention and saluted, both Łĩnwéé and Serinae saluted in response. As I continued to watch the soldiers turned on their heels as one and faced one of the lines of applecarts. This one had at least thirty carts all joined behind one another and each soldier took a seat in turn and once mounted, the applecarts started to move away from us. I noticed then another group of soldiers marching away from the same spot, perhaps I had witnessed a changing of the guard or some such activity.
We exited the building back into the light of the globes, it occurred to me just how much like the Sun these globes were, but no sunlight would penetrate this far into solid rock, this made me wonder just how deep under the mountains we were. We found ourselves walking along a wide boulevard with trees growing either side, a clear little stream trickled along beside the road. I noticed that these trees were Sycamores and I was amazed to see them growing underground, I concluded that the light from the golden globes must replicate pure sunlight very accurately for this to happen, I wondered if some unseen force turned the brilliance of the globes down or even off altogether to replicate night time or maybe they just hung there shining like that all the time. But then lamp stands were prevalent along each road, so I assumed it must get dark here regularly.
Looking around me I looked at the buildings on either side of us and noticed actually how small they were, but then we were in a Grûndén city I supposed where everything most probably would be Grûndén sized much the same I mused as the Pnook size of everything in Scienocropolis, but somehow that place looked bigger, probably due to the sheer size of the buildings. I didn’t have the inclination to talk I was so full of wonder for this place, others were having conversations around me but I didn’t notice what is being said. 
We had been walking uphill most of the way and had crossed several bridges and were obviously moving towards the more residential areas of the city. Everything was becoming more ornamental, less functional somehow. After about half an hour’s walk we came across a larger building, this one had larger doors than most of the buildings we had so far come across, T’Iea sized doors in fact, I was surprised to see them. We stopped outside this building and I was able to look up at the façade. Yes, this building was much taller than most others, although the number of floors, judging by the position of the windows, was similar to all other Grûndén architecture. 
Serinae giggled at my open mouth and said, “never fear Mini, you are about to experience true Grûndén hospitality.”

Chapter 25 The House of Låûkénsåå

Extract from ‘The Hidden Peoples’ by Solin D’Teinde.
To shun the hospitality of the Grûndén has been likened to walking naked in a thunderstorm holding a long metal lance vertically into the air. Such arrogance resulting in certain deep embarrassment and a massive shock to the system, both will mark you as most foolish.
~

I jumped at the sound of the front doors being flung open wide and a Grûndén with the biggest grin on his face wearing a wide ankle length apron about his waist came bounding down the stairs, then jumping from a couple of steps up from the end of this flight of steps flung out his arms and caught Serinae about the neck, the force of the collision spun Seri around but she grabbed onto his back and spun about several times with the poor Grûndén’s legs flying out behind him as if she was swinging a great war hammer trying to keep some surrounding enemy at bay. I just stared at this spectacle aghast! To say I was shocked was an understatement. Serinae knelt upon the bottom step after placing the Grûndén’s feet back onto the next step up. She pushed him away from her so that she could get a good view of his face. A broad smile lightened Serinae’s face and I am sure I even saw tears in her eyes. Her smile was reflected in the face of the Grûndén, but no sooner had I seen this, the Grûndén’s features clouded over like an impending storm, he sniffed and wiped his nose on the sleeve of his shirt and putting one clenched fist on his waist, waved the fore finger of his other hand in front of Seri’s face.
“So then ye wicked, wayward lassie, ye have eventually found time t’ come back and see me, d’ ye know how lang it has been Seri? M’ole mind has been afrettin’ an’ awonderin’ fo’ ye t’ return. M’ house has lain empty, as empty as this ol’ heart o’ mine. Countless have been t’ cycles o’ the Brĩschlåûndérgré since ye left me. I thought t’ worse ye wicked lassie, thought ye be dead in t’ wilds someplace. Alyin’ thar, ye’s life’s blood aleakin’ from ye’s veins. Ye ne’re sent me nuttin’. Nere a scrap o’ news from t’ day ye left t’ this.” The Grûndén stamped a foot on the step and reaching into a pocket brought out a handkerchief to wipe his eyes.
I gawked, as did my companions. Apart from Łĩnwéé who stood with his arms crossed and a massive grin on his face.
The Grûndén began to rant and rave again, his words and sentences flowed into one another. He did not stop here but carried on waving his finger at Seri and talking faster and faster, his words flowing so that with the heavy accent I could no longer understand what he was saying, but perhaps he had slipped into his own language. His face was growing redder and redder, I thought that if he did not stop to take a breath soon, he would be the one alyin’ thar, he’s life’s blood aleakin’ from e’s veins. Seri on numerous occasions tried to say something, or put out her hands, but the Grûndén’s torrent of words would not allow her any chance of getting a single word in. Surprisingly she did not lose her temper, if anything she looked a little coy.
Eventually Serinae just began to giggle, then louder and louder she burst into a torrent of laughter, the Grûndén who after a while spluttered, fell silent and began to smile again. He raised his arms in resignation and just said “Gah, how I ‘ave missed that thar laugh Seri, ye wayward hussy, it be good to see yers again, that a’bein fo’ sure.”
After he had become silent Seri said, “oh Dĩmmĩ I did mean to come sooner, really I did. But …. well you know how it is when the demands of the outside world set their mark upon you.” 
His face became serious once again. “That’s nay excuse girly,” was the reply. “What demand canny be mo’ demandin’ than the company o’ auld friends.” He placed both hands on his hips and looked around at us gathered about the bottom of the steps to the house. Then he spluttered and waving a hand in our direction said, “Oh for Lord Øédréll’s sake come ye alang in, I cany imagine why ye'd keep y’ur companions awaitin’ outside on m’ front doorstep fo’ so lang! I be a’needin’ t’ finish ye lessons on good manners m’ girl.” 
At this I burst into laughter and Serinae looked around at me and winked her eye. The Grûndén turned on his heels and led us all into the building, whistling loudly he summoned several others who rushed into the room from behind a curtain across the entrance hall. They stopped dead in the middle of the hall and spying our company looked a little startled and a bit embarrassed. 
“Quick m’ littl’ ones there be ‘onoured guests requir’in thar bags an’ luggage be taken t’ thar rooms. Put ‘em in the best mind, upon the third floor ye hear an’ the Lady Serinae will ‘ave ‘er suite on the top floor o’ course.” 
Little ones? Something was dawning on me a nudge was becoming more like a shove in my mind, an incessant itch that would not be scratched. Looking at the Grûndén and realising that for the first time I had seen a Grûndén without a beard or moustache, I realised that actually it was not an apron that ‘he’ wore but a skirt that ‘she’ wore! 
“Come, come,” the Grûndén said and beckoning us to a door, led us through into a sumptuous high ceilinged chamber, even Jon and Teouso didn’t have to worry about the ceiling clearing their heads.
I followed in silence not able to take my eyes away from the Grûndén woman for this was the first Grûndén female I had ever seen, in fact I had come to assume that they didn’t exist and Grûndén just popped out of the rocks, not even as babies but as fully grown bearded soldiers in full plate armour and wielding a great double headed war axe. Then I suddenly became aware of someone calling to me, 
“m’ lady?” 
I realised I had been staring straight at the source of the voice, the Grûndén woman was smiling at me with a somewhat quizzical expression. 
“ah, yes, umm ……. Sorry, ummm so, so sorry I was miles away, I errr … must apologise, umm I’ve never seen, um, I mean, no I haven’t seen, urr …..” 
Serinae came to my rescue, she introduced the Grûndén woman as Dĩmmĩnĩ Låûkénsåå.
With a smile and a shake of her hand Dĩmmĩnĩ said, “Ach lassie tak no notice o’ ‘er, ye jus’ call me Dĩmmĩ like everyone else,” and then Dĩmmĩ asked if I would like to take tea. 
“Eh yes, umm, tea, yes that would be lovely, thank you.”
I had managed to pull myself together and overcome my shock at meeting a female Grûndén.
We were shown into a cosy room and asked to sit. Tea was brought to us carried in by another young Grûndén. It was all I could do to stop staring at the little Grûndén woman. Serinae kept nudging me and making that face that said, stop staring for goodness sakes! It must have been about the twentieth occasion of doing this that Dĩmmĩ finally crossed her arms in front of her then turning towards me said, “alrigh’ I un’erstan’ it may be less than comm’n t’ see a Grûndén female, but as ye can plainly see we do exist ye know. ‘Ow else d’ ye recon’ thar be so many o’ us in the world eh?”” 
She sat down with us and poured another cup of tea into the empty cups and then helped herself to a cup. Then she said, “It may help ye un’erstan’ if I tell ye a wee story? An old elden tale thar, m’ ol’ mam was attellin’ t’ me when I was a young’n.”
Dĩmmĩ sat more comfortably upon her chair and looked slowly around at the gathered audience, she gave a cough and sipped her tea, then started to relate the story as promised. This is the story as she told it: 
“Once long ago the Lord Øédréll was a’sleepin’ on a grassy bank. The spirits in their usual way decided t’ play a wee prank on ‘im, they decided that they should tak’ locks o’ his hair and plastering them with sticky clay from a nearby pool they stuck his long locks to the grass. When the Lord Øédréll awoke he was unable t’ move his head, but was too proud t’ call for aid so he wrenched his head free from where it be stuck to the ground. Thankfully the roots o’ the grass were weaker than the roots o’ his hair, so clods o’ grass and mud came away where it were stuck t’ his long flowing locks. The spirits laughed aloud at the amusin’ sight o’ our Lord wit’ clumps o’ brown and green aswingin’ around his head. But the Lord Øédréll be not too vexed with ‘em fo’ he liked the free and carefree spirits that were anyways his friends. So after playfully achasin’ ‘em away t’ their great delight, he settled back down t’ where he was asittin’ and thought o’ how he could avoid being caught out again. 
He took the clods o’ clay an’ mud into which his hair had become stuck, pulled them from his locks an’ moulded them into two little figures, he intended that these should be his sentinels, one fo’ the time o’ brĩschâ that is the sun as ye would know it, and one fo’ the time o’ drøgnø that is the moon. So after craftin’ the figures he breathed life into ‘em. One wer’ larger though, the Lord had used more clay fo’ that’n, an’ ‘e just used what was left for t’ other.
He decided the larger one o’ the two, fo’ brĩschâ, the day time lookout and the slightly smaller one fo’ drøgnø, the night time lookout. So male and female were formed. The figures multiplied and became great in number, so the Lord Øédréll sent many o’ ‘em into the world to make their own way. These o’ course became the race o’ Grûndén upon this world and they remain his people t’ this day.
It be said that we all have an abundance of hair and love delving into the earth because o’ the materials from which we were crafted by the Lord. It be also said that the females o’ the race, because we were set t’ guard the lord in the dark o’ night, that be the reason why none sees us very often.” 
She giggled at this and we all suddenly clapped loudly for her telling of the wonderful tale. Serinae stood and scooping Dĩmmĩ up in her arms gave her a great hug. 
Then she said, “well Dĩmmĩ the female Grûndén are the best kept secret within the whole world if you ask me.”
At this we all burst into laughter.
We spent a long time with Dĩmmĩ in her parlour room chatting and exchanging stories and drinking tea. I began to feel quite tired and excused myself saying that I wanted to freshen up a little after our journey. Dĩmmĩ stood and said to one of the Grûndén attending to us,
“Jump to it Frédnø, show the Lady Minervar t’ her room if ye will.”
She then turned to me and grasping my hand said, “I be overjoyed t’ meet ye m’lady and I hope that y’ur stay here in Gwéldølĩn be comfortable, if ye need anything, anything at all ye just call fo’ me ye hear?”
I nodded and smiled as I gathered some things together. As I was lead from the room. I turned wanting to see Dĩmmĩ once more, but she was in deep conversation with Serinae, their heads were close together, both looked deadly serious about something. As I went through the doorway, Dĩmmĩ I saw turn, she leant on a sideboard and hung her head in what looked like sadness. I just caught some words, “Nay lassie. E’ canny be ‘ere. I aint seen’im. Nat from that day when ……….”
But then I was out the door and any remaining conversation was lost to me.
Once I had been shown to my room and settled in I relaxed secure in this place. It was good to be safe in a homely house again. My room was sumptuously decorated and the furniture beautifully and ornately carved as well as being functional. The bed was wonderful and I snoozed upon it for I don’t know how long, but when I awoke I looked around the room once more from my sitting position on the edge of the bed. I happened to glance out of the window and noticed that it was still quite light outside even though I was sure that we must have been in Dĩmmĩ’s house for several hours and ordinarily it would have been night time by now. I assumed then that the great light spheres above us indeed shone out all the time and no night was to be experienced in Gwéldølĩn. But as I looked out of the window across the city district in which we were in, the light did seem to be fading; perhaps after all it was getting dusk. This is marvellous I thought, dusk underground, this I had to see. Slowly the night crept in and lights started to come on all over the city, I opened some doors and stepped out onto a balcony, looking down I saw several Grûndén walking along chatting and some humming a tune, tools were slung over their shoulders. Workmen obviously returning home for the night. It was cool and pleasant in the fresh air so I grabbed my cloak and made my way downstairs. I passed a couple of Grûndén who bowed to me and eventually found the entrance hall that we had come through some hours before. So, passing through the front doors I stood and gasped. The great spheres that had shone like the sun were dimming as I looked at them, now shining with a dimmer, bluer light, I gasped thinking how this was achieved for day was turning into night in front of my very eyes.
“Clever eh Min, ye see it nat only be the Pnook that have some quite clever technology.”
I turned at the sound of the voice, Łĩnwéé stood beside me on the steps of Dĩmmĩ’s guest house, he had been smoking his clay pipe whilst sitting on the steps. He too looked up at the now glowing spheres. I hadn’t seen him at first for he sat to one side stripped of his armour and wearing only leggings and a cotton jerkin the top tie of which hung loose leaving the jerkin open at the front. 
“Oh Łĩnwéé, I’m sorry I didn’t see you there. It’s beautiful how is it done?”
“The great light spheres, or Brĩschlåûndérgré as we call ‘em, actually be made up o’ hundreds o’ crystals each skilfully faceted in a certain way and suspended in a thin oil called candela. Light from the upper world is channelled down here through many small tunnels cut through the rock. Each tunnel be filled with other crystals that reflect light like a mirror and channel the light down here where it be projected onto the Brĩschlåûndérgré. The light is then amplified and focussed through all o’ the crystals into every direction possible. Not only that, but a second property of the crystals is that they are able t’ store light as energy within the candela, so even if a cloud dims the sun’s rays the crystals will still give off stored light so that we be not affected by clouds o’ coverin’ the sun. Then, o’ course, as the sun or Brĩschâ, is shining on the world above Gwéldølĩn, marches on her journey around t’ other side o’ the world, so the light bein’ shone down here wanes as once the stored energy is used up from the candela crystals an’ they also dim.” 
At this he pointed to the dimming globes above with the end of his pipe as if to confirm what he was describing. 
“So ye will find that y’ur first day here seems longer because our day light in Gwéldølĩn lasts longer than the actual day on the surface due to the stored light. This doesn’t really matter to us in the city, but it does have an effect if you travel a lot up to the surface. It be possible t’ never see night time if you time your journeys to and from the city right. Then likewise as the moon or drøgnø in my language rises, its light is reflected in the same way and is again stored, amplified and shone across the city in every direction.”
“That’s incredible,” was all I could think to say.
Łĩnwéé drew slowly on his pipe and continuing to look up at the six great Brĩschlåûndérgré just nodded solemnly in reply.
We both gazed in wonder at the spectacle above our heads for a while, when Łĩnwéé told me something strange, he said, “ye know Min we be looking at one o’ the great mysteries o’ the Grûndén realm,” he nodded towards the great globes.
“Oh?”
“Aye, how many Brĩschlåûndérgré d’ ye see?”
I looked up, but I didn’t need to, for I knew there were six great globes, after all you couldn’t help but notice. But I told him six all the same.
He looked at me and said, “aye six. But ye know Min we Grûndén be meticulous keepers o’ records. I know from readin’ some ancient ledgers that me ol’ lore master has in his keepin’ that twelve Brĩschlåûndérgré were in fact made when this cavern that holds Gwéldølĩn was excavated. Twelve Min, so where d’ ye think the other six be eh?”
I thought but I hadn’t a clue, so I just shrugged.
He turned back from looking at me, raised his eyes to the great globes once more and said, “neither do we Min, neither do we.”
At this he sighed, got up and said, “welcome again t’ Gwéldølĩn Min, to all its beauty and mystery.” He then returned back inside Dĩmmĩ’s house and I was left alone to contemplate what he had just told me. 
Later that evening Łĩnwéé had invited a few friends over for a meal and to catch up on old times. Most of us just sat and ate a meal before retiring to bed for the night for now it was truly night in Gwéldølĩn although it was probably morning on the surface of the world by now. As we left it was obvious that Łĩnwéé who was already very drunk as were his guests, was going to remain talking and laughing for as long as he could stand so we bid goodnight and went upstairs to our rooms.

Chapter 26 The Grûndén Court

Extract from ‘The Hidden Peoples’ by Solin D’Teinde.
I love thee my children 
My people beneath the mountain
Each of you I treasure as a jewel
I hide thee beneath the earth
There ye shall be sheltered
But woe who would thwart thee
For I bequest to thee
An axe for an arm
Smouldering coals for thine eyes
An Oak’s thick bole for a leg
Thee shall be unmoving
Thy enemies will lay crushed
As gravel beneath thy iron sole
Chorus of ‘For the Love of Øédréll’. Grûndén (Dwarven) traditional mantra.
~

The following day we were shown to a large dining hall for breakfast. I was amused to behold Łĩnwéé sitting at a table with the same old cronies he had been feasting and drinking with the previous evening including his friend Fééwiél. But this morning saw a very different person. His hair and beard were washed and shone in the lamp light; I had to admit he looked very smart. He wore a dark red suit of velvet with a lace shirt beneath that was open at the neckline; even his skin seemed to gleam healthily it was scrubbed so clean. He caught my eye and frowning as if he read my thoughts said, “it’s nat just ye T’Iea tha’ can look their best ye know from time t’ time.”
I smiled and whilst bowing towards him and his friends said, “no, I’m sure not, but to see a Grûndén, the same Grûndén, dressed bright and shining twice in one’s lifetime, well that is truly a sight to behold.”
His companions burst into laughter. After nodding toward me with a beaming smile that lit up his whole face, he returned to chatting with his pals. I decided to go sit at a different table not wishing to intrude upon their conversation. 
Eventually Jondris appeared, walking very slowly and holding his head, I stood in concern for he was obviously not feeling his best. I grasped his arm and steered him towards the table where I had been sitting. He groaned. As he sat down he said, “darkness take that dwarven ale.” 
Then it dawned on me poor Jon was sporting a massive hangover. 
“Umm but what do you mean?” I asked feigning ignorance. Looking at me with his somewhat bloodshot eyes Jon said, “I stayed down with Łĩnwéé and his friends for a while and each brought me a drink, I felt it rude to refuse so I drank all of it, it seemed to become easier the more I drank. I forget how many tankards of ale I had last night before I could make an excuse and get myself to bed. Or maybe I was taken to bed …… I can’t remember.”
“Oh dear,” was all I could think to say. But I smirked at the amusing thought of Jon drinking and laughing down here with the company of Łĩnwéé and his pals.
I shook my head sorrowfully. “Oh Jon. Sword wounds and effects of poison; arcane curses and dented skulls; most afflictions made upon you I can either cure or ease the pain and aid the recovery, but alas self-inflicted wounds of over indulgence.” I shrugged and continued to shake my head slowly as Jon gave out another mournful groan.
All of a sudden a cheer went up from the table where the Łĩnwéé sat and Jon clutched at his head groaning loudly. All of Łĩnwéé’s friends took it upon themselves to shout a greeting at Jon followed by a hearty laugh or a rousing cheer. I giggled to myself.
We all enjoyed the hospitality and grand breakfast from Dĩmmĩ’s house that morning, well most of us. I don’t think Jon ate anything and spent the whole time sitting with his head in his hands groaning at the slightest raised voice or cheery laugh. Serinae offered Jon a large mug of tea to drink saying that it would lift his spirits and dull the throb in his brain. It seemed to work for after drinking the tea Jon did brighten up somewhat. But all he kept saying was, “never, never again,” over and over much to the amusement of the Grûndén contingent.
Following the morning meal and after we had the chance to settle ourselves, there came a hammering at the front entrance. Dĩmmĩ opened the door; she spoke for a few minutes with whoever was outside. Eventually she stepped back into the hall and in strode two soldiers, both heavily armoured in highly polished plate with helms on their heads, shields and battle axes strapped across their backs. This time the armour they wore was very similar to Łĩnwéé’s in quality and design. They stood before us and bowed low. We all stood and bowed back. The soldiers asked our leave and apologised for the interruption. But they announced themselves as members of the royal guard and explained that the Grâumin had requested an audience with us as soon as we were ready. They were to escort us to the Grâumin’s palace.
So after sprucing ourselves up we arrived downstairs in Dĩmmĩ’s lobby. When we were all gathered we stepped outside and walked down the road on which Dĩmmĩ’s guest house was located following close behind the two royal guards. Łĩnwéé walked by their sides, by this time he was back wearing all his armour and gear. Looking very alike, the three of them chatted like old comrades in arms. Serinae was adorned in her chain armour, her swords and bow about her person in their usual places. But this time I stood aghast as she also wore a light helm upon her head. It was beautifully made, obviously Grûndén in origin, close fitting to her skull with a chain mail net at the rear which hung down over the back and sides of her neck. Her hair now tied in a single thick braid, hung down beneath this net and ran down her back to her waist as usual. I found out from chatting to Seri that the helm she wore was awarded to her by the Grûndén lords; she didn’t normally wear it and kept it in her rooms here in Gwéldølĩn. But on this occasion she thought it proper to dust it off and wear it as a mark of respect to our Grûndén hosts. I mused on what a healer should ware as a badge of office. T’Iea rangers and Grûndén guardians wore what you would expect them to wear. Even the monks in their finely worked leather harness and armour. A uniform that marked them for what they were. It displayed their skill and success to all who would look upon them. But what would a druid healer wear? All the healers I had known just wore anything they had to hand, there did not seem to be a common uniform or even a badge marking them as a distinctive group.
We travelled for about an hour or so through the streets and avenues of Gwéldølĩn slowly rising up through the tiers of the city towards the highest pinnacle. We crossed many bridges and walked down tree-lined avenues. Strode through large squares bustling with colourful market stalls and others that were empty apart from gatherings of people chatting and laughing. We made our way through narrow streets on which many inviting shops stood, selling all kinds of goods. I stood amazed outside a jewellery shop, not believing the array of finely worked precious metal and gem stones within. We eventually came to a larger bridge, wider than any we had come across before this point, it spanned a wide gulf, little wonder for we were quite high up here and the pinnacles of rock of course were cone shaped and narrower and therefore wider apart the higher one went. As we walked out onto the span we went under an ornate gilded arch, two guards in similar shining armour to that of our guides stood upon either side, neither batted an eyelid as we walked between them even though Łĩnwéé grunted a greeting and a name under his breath. About halfway across I was tempted to look over the side of the bridge, so I jumped up and edged my way over the thick slabs of stone that formed the parapet. I looked down and could see the rock formations on both sides of the gulf that we crossed reaching way down into the depths. I could just make out far below the white clouds that formed in the chasms between the many towering pinnacles upon which the city was built. I gazed down in wonder. Not for the first time I found myself wondering what was down there far below the city.
I jumped back down and caught up with my companions just as they walked through another gilded arch on the far side of the bridge and out into a large open area of greenery in which many trees grew. I was amazed to see a wide torrent of water flowing through what looked like the mouth of a cave high up the wall of the cavern. This was where the river entered Gwéldølĩn, probably from some hidden vale upon the surface of the world above, or perhaps from a subterranean water course beneath the mountains. The water fell from such a height that it turned to mist before it reached the same height as the plateau on which we stood. A number or concentric ringed rainbows hung about the falls. My eyes followed the misty water down until I could see in front of us across the far side of the plateau upon which we stood, a lake of crystal clear water. The waters of the lake in turn flowed out and over the edge of this plateau via a wide but gentle cascade. A further rainbow hung within the mist of these waters as they plummeted unhindered into the depths below. I wished that I could go closer to see this beautiful lake, for around the edges in the shallower waters grew many flowering aquatic plants giving the impression of a flat mirror surrounded with an ornately carved and lacquered frame of colourful flowers. The shining Brĩschlåûndérgré could be seen clearly reflected in the crystal waters where they hung directly above us, they seemed as high above us as the water I had seen beneath the bridge was below. In front of us a long road lead through the trees to a sumptuous looking building sitting in its own grounds.
About halfway up this wide avenue I could see that the road divided into two and circled around a low wall beyond which a grassy mound rose in a slight incline until it reached a pedestal on which stood a golden statue.
Before continuing I wanted to once more gaze upon the beautiful surroundings and eventually I turned to look back across the bridge at the city, my eyes fell on a window in a building back on the city side of the bridge. A dark figure in the window appeared to be taking a great interest in us. The figure looked to me to be too tall to be a Grûndén. I stumbled on a shallow step and after looking down to aid my recovery I again looked at the window but no figure could be seen. I frowned, more dark and mysterious figures, perhaps the same one as before. I wanted to say something but thought I can’t claim yet another sighting of the same figure for they will all think me totally mad. I persuaded myself to put this down to my imagination and tried to think no more of it.
We proceeded to walk up the long, wide avenue towards the building we could see, this must be the Grâumin’s palace. As we got nearer to the fork in the road that skirted either side of the grassy mound and the golden statue I could begin to see the wide pedestal upon which the statue stood in more detail. Now we were closer I could see that the impressive structure was of great size and could now be seen to be covered in depictions of many activities of Grûndén life. I could see miners stripped to the waist wielding picks and shovels against some rock face. I could see soldiers in full armour looking grim and determined following behind a Grûndén who stood ahead of the rest holding at arm’s length and high above his head a great battle axe similar to Łĩnwéé’s, his mouth open as if shouting some war cry. Another sculpture depicted a much bigger vista where the figures were much smaller; many stood upon a vast wooden scaffold system and were hauling on ropes that ran around a series of pulley wheels.  They seemed to be lifting a great ball into the air, then I realised it was a depiction of one of the great globes being lifted and positioned high above the city, or maybe somewhere else, remembering what Łĩnwéé had told me earlier. At the very top of all this upon the topmost tier of the pedestal there knelt a single figure, not really Grûndén looking but with bare chest and long wind-blown hair, his muscled arms held a flat plate on which was carved a model or maybe a relief map of the city of Gwéldølĩn. This was tilted down towards us, to any who would gaze upon it as if the statue was offering Gwéldølĩn to any who would wish to look upon her beauty. 
When we arrived our escort handed us over with some ceremony to a contingent of household guards who emerged from the palace. These guards were also in full armoured regalia, but they had tabards of a deep blue on which was sawn a golden double headed axe front and back and their helms had a similar blue axe shape carved from some blue mineral as a nose guard along with a blue feathered plume set in the centre designed so that it hung down the rear of the helmet over the neck guards. These Grûndén guards as usual looked very smart and splendid. It was obvious that despite their reputation the Grûndén did indeed place a lot of effort into looking their best at the right times.
We entered the palace compound and found ourselves within a walled area of formal gardens. Many well-tended flower beds and beautiful fountains adorned our path. But once across we came upon two great heavy set doors that were already open. Before going through these doors we passed beneath a white and blue striped awning that moved lazily in the breeze. Once inside we were escorted along great halls and through state rooms until we were bid with a bow to wait in a seating area outside of a pair of great wooden doors ornately carved with scenes of what could only be Grûndén history, of which I knew very little.
I was studying the murals and paintings the quality and craftsmanship that went into making them was obviously high, when there was a loud clunking noise and the two carved doors began to move outwards and open. I stepped back expecting to be greeted by some aid of major-domo but as the opening became wide enough, a group of about thirty Grûndén filed out, all were talking excitedly to one another. All were dressed richly and most had a number of large and very precious looking jewels adorning them whether rings or circlets, or even jewels sown into the very cloth of their apparel. None wore armour or had any weapons about their person except for some small daggers and a couple with small silver pick axes that looked more ceremonial than true weapons of warfare.
Łĩnwéé gestured towards these Grûndén and whispered to us saying, “these be very high rankin’ members of the Miners Guilds, they be some of the most prominent dignitaries in Gwéldølĩn, very influential people.” 
I watched them file out of the room and then we were being addressed by another haughty looking man in fine raiment of similar blue to that of the guards, but no armour did he wear just a fine velvet long coat, with velvet breeches and knee high stockings. His feet were set into fine blue leather shoes adorned with a large buckle at each side again depicting that battle axe motif. Obviously a member of the official household he asked us to enter the chamber that was now revealed through the opening of the great double doors, we walked forward and stepped inside.
This room was a repeat of the waiting room we were in a few minutes ago, equally adorned in paintings and murals depicting Grûndén history. Many wrought iron floor stands held elaborate floral arrangements; the many flowers filled the room with a multitude of pleasant fragrances. There were also many stained glass windows along each side which I guessed also showed major events in Grûndén lore. There were many depictions of battles, each with the Grûndén armies quite obviously victorious as their various foes lay vanquished around their feet. There were also other calmer portrayals of other subjects, one such mural had a male and female in an embrace, they sat upon a boulder as in the background an army of indeterminate race marched past in the distance, it occurred to me that these two Grûndén were obviously hiding from this army, I wondered what tale was depicted and its importance to the Grûndén. Another was a depiction of a Grûndén maiden holding a baby to her bare breast whilst several other children looked adoringly at her; somewhat theatrically she wore a long dress with nothing on her feet, yet upon her head was a winged helmet, a great war axe lay leaning against one of her legs, and a heavy looking shield against the other. In yet another window, this one set in predominantly dark stormy colours, there stood a collection of grim looking Grûndén in a beautiful forest clearing, some in armour but with their helms removed and held beneath their arms, some bare chested and holding picks and shovels. They were all standing with lowered heads and downcast gazes, some were kneeling upon the grassy bank on which they stood. I then saw towards the centre of the picture an ancient looking Grûndén again in full armour lying upon the grass one arm limp at his side. His breast plate had been pierced and a line of red blood ran down to where it dripped upon the ground. The other arm held by another much younger Grûndén who holding the elder Grûndéns hand had it raised to the lips as if he was kissing the ring upon the old Grûndén's finger. A group of soldiers to the left all looked menacingly at a single Grûndén that they held captive, this Grûndén had obviously been beaten, for blood seeped from between his lips and his features were swollen black and blue. A bloody blade lay at his feet.
I tore my gaze from this rather forlorn window and moved onto the next. This one brightened my mood and I was amused to see a depiction that I did recognise and have some understanding of, for in one window the coloured glass showed quite clearly a handsome young man, he was bare chested, well bare everything actually apart from a piece of flowing silken cloth draped about his waist at a strategic place. Muscles rippled across his body even though he was laying asleep on a grassy bank with his long hair stuck to the ground with various precious stones. A bit of poetic design there I thought. In amongst the trees in the background a group of beautiful looking figures gazed out upon the prone figure. I felt a shiver run down my back, these figures reminded me closely of the apparition I had seen when Serinae had shot the boar in the wilds. Perhaps it was just coincidence, but I mused that the story Dĩmmĩ had told us the day before now had an even more pertinent meaning.
Before long the major-domo as I thought him to be, ushered us forward along the room, I looked in the direction in which we were being sent and could see a Grûndén sitting upon a stone throne at the far end of the room. He was attended by armed guards in full shining armour with shields up and visors down, they could have been empty decorative pieces of armour but as we approached they stood to attention with the clatter of interlocking plate armour. At the side of the king, for the seated man was obviously just that, sat a female also in full armour, a winged helm upon the floor by her side. I guessed this personage to be his wife the queen, not that I was told the king had a queen but by the way she sat on equal elevation there was no doubt in my mind. But it did occur to me that she could just as easily have been his daughter for most Grûndén, like my own people, look ageless. 
The major-domo left us at this point and bowing, shuffled back towards the doors. We continued up the room towards the two grand looking Grûndén sitting upon the thrones until we stood in front of them at the bottom of the dais on which the thrones were set. I felt both their stairs upon us and I could not help but look down towards the base of the raised dais where both thrones stood.
Both Łĩnwéé and Serinae had removed their helms and now held them beneath one arm. Bowing low Łĩnwéé introduced each of us in turn and the two Grûndén on the dais nodded slightly to each one as we bowed in respect to them. They were introduced using the common tongue as The Grâumin most high, Théøndrĩn Ârkønstøné the twenty seventh and his wife the Grâumun most high, the lady Frĩthâ Ârkønstøné. Once the introductions were complete the Grâumin Théøndrĩn Ârkønstøné immediately stood up from the stone throne.
Firstly he faced Łĩnwéé and said, “Welcome home Commander Łĩnwéé Ârcønrâdénn True Aid of Gwéldølĩn, we are blessed that the Lord Øédréll has seen fit to return thee safely back to us.”
Commander – True Aid of Gwéldølĩn? Suddenly Łĩnwéé, this titled soldier who had travelled with us took on a whole new light. 
Théøndrĩn Ârkønstøné then turned to Serinae and smiling said, “My Lady Serinae Timbur True Aid of Gwéldølĩn, ye are of course known to us, your long service to our people is held in the highest esteem even as one of our own. As always ye are most welcome once again into these halls. My heart is much gladdened by your presence in Gwéldølĩn and your stay we hope will be long.”
Serinae bowed at his kind words. I suddenly remembered the story of Serinae’s chain mail and realisation that this was of course the Grûndén city where it was made. Théøndrĩn continued to make his way down the line of my companions. He thanked each of us, always in the plural for coming to see them at such short notice and explained that times dictated some urgency to our meeting, he expressed hope that we would consent to await any refreshment and entertainment. He, or ‘we’ in his words apologised if such short cuts had offended us in any way and if correct protocol had been breached. But he explained that there was an urgent matter at hand and little time to address it.
Without wasting any further time on pleasantries he walked towards a secretaire to his left. I had not noticed this piece of furniture before; within the secretaire were many drawers and little cupboards. Théøndrĩn reached in and opening one of these cupboards revealed what appeared to be a glass or crystal cube. He removed the cube and coming back in front of us, asked if we knew what the object was.
We all remained quiet until Serinae said, “I believe it is a telling stone, a remnant of the old order, they are no longer common place in this world. Indeed it is a very rare item.”
Théøndrĩn looked at her and smiling sat once more upon his throne, he said, “Aye, that it is our wise T’Iea friend.” He looked at the telling stone and raising his eyes said to our assembled group, “and what a fine telling it holds within it, we would like you all to see the story recorded within, for it is a mystery to us. Then perhaps you may help if you can in our understanding of what it means.” 
He held the stone up in front of his face and closing his eyes seemed to go into deep concentration. Slowly a pool of murky smoke appeared around the stone and swirling within the smoke in the air before our eyes a scene grew in both size and clarity until it seemed to be all around us and we seemed to stand in the very midst of this new place. It really was as if we all stood within the scene like a set of a play. I could feel darkness, I was even able to take in the smell of the place. I panicked slightly for nowhere could I see my companions or anyone else, I began to think that perhaps I had been transported here, some dark arcane energy had whisked me off to another place. But I became aware that another was also there with me, I knew it was a Grûndén but neither somehow I also knew it was not Łĩnwéé, neither was it Théøndrĩn or Frĩthâ his wife. It was another, I shuddered, almost cowered, for I perceived this Grûndén’s heart was black. I shivered in anticipation of what I was about to experience.
I then seemed to experience this new place through the eyes of another as if I was there but somehow I was someone else. I then realised I was feeling what the Grûndén was experiencing.
I …….. no, the Grûndén struggled in the inky darkness. He felt the rocks; he felt the darkness itself, the crisp dryness of the ancient air which he breathed into his lungs already giving the inside of his nose an uncomfortable cracked feel. He could even detect the space surrounding him. But still he struggled, why? He knew why. Something was out of place here, this was not his home, this was not the great city under the mountain, not even the mines that lie below the city. Why did he come here? What was this place? Neither mine nor cavern. This was an old place, a forgotten place, a place beyond time itself, its aura was more than ancient, as if it had existed unchanged since the Maker had awakened and the steady passing of time first began. 
As I experienced the picture unfolding before me I perceived this place wasn’t influenced by habitation or exploration, it didn’t even seem to have an opening to the outside air. Its entrance was a gateway, not as we know it but a kind of path through which you passed but did not walk.
Yet I saw through the eyes and senses of the Grûndén, his name I knew was Ķablik, just as I would know my own name.
It seemed that like the Ķablik, I felt a sudden panic overcoming me. He had heard something, like a rush of air, indeed I felt warm air flow about my face, I reached up to my hair to stop it from being blown around but my fingers felt it unmoved behind my ears. I perceived Ķablik unable to find direction, how to get out? How to get anywhere? In his hand the cold feel, the feel of something solid, a reminder of his reason for coming to this place, the item he was tasked, no forced to find and retrieve. 
Then I felt emotional thoughts rage through Ķablik’s mind. The long-ear thief had dragged him to the place inhabited by the grizzled folk, the city of the old ones, those strange beings with their blue eyes and unnatural bodies, their unmoving features, never knowing whether they be friend or foe, good or evil. Ķablik felt nauseated thinking about the arcane forces that had transported him there, through the old one’s portal. Then that sound again, the rush of hot air, the rush of something moving or causing something to move, sudden foreboding moved him onward. 
Oh why had he, come here? Why had he accepted the coin? Of course it was a lot of coin, he had lived well before setting out on this journey, but his riches and high living had been spent now all that coin had gone, he allowed himself a smile, the Inns the drunken brawls, the travel to far cities, but had it been worth it? Hate filled his heart as he thought of the snooty long ear thief that had persuaded him on this path. He Ķablik had taken the long-ears’s coin and with it forsaken his freedom and yes, realised his doom.
He thought himself clever, he would outrun the stupid thief, but it was not to be. How had the thief found him again? He had travelled round the world, visited numerous cities and carefully hidden his tracks many times over with false trails, bribery and even with a few disfigured unrecognisable corpses dressed in his clothes. Yet one night that hand upon his shoulder! He shuddered. The thief must have employed the services of an expert ranger, or even been trained in the ways of the long-ear rangers himself. 
Then the inevitable, he was forced to do what was bid of him, he scorned his greed, he had taken the coin, and now the thief was most insistent, he recalled how every joint in his body felt like they were being pulled apart, the torture of it, he Ķablik had been reduced to a snivelling pile of distorted flesh and bone, the long-ear thief smiling at him, persuading him through his torment that he should finally do the task bid of him and that he should uphold the unbreakable agreement made. How he hated long-ear mages, they were not natural, those wielders of arcane power. 
So he had travelled yet again, forced to do the bidding of another. He had gone to the place where he was told to go. The thief had accompanied him this time not that they travelled together, but Ķablik never the less knew the mage to be there, watching, waiting, smiling, not willing to let him out of his sight. Thus Ķablik had found the ancient with the blind eyeless sockets, the one they called the Key. He sat upon his tattered rug outside the cave in the frozen mountains of the far north, high in the lands that the Ognods held sacred. Even the Ognods would not venture there. Ķablik shuddered, if the giants had captured him he would have been dinner for their whelps, his bones sucked clean and thrown to those monsters they kept as pets.
Yet he had been clever and evaded capture and now here he faced at last the old Key sitting deep in prayer and meditation. The key had stood and standing there in nothing but a tattered loin cloth and a thin sheet over his shoulder he had greeted Ķablik like an old friend, as if he expected him. Even in his blindness he saw even though his eyes had been put out. But the Key had dutifully opened the portal and Ķablik had been forced to enter. The long-ears cackling laughter still rang in his ears, mocking him for his foolishness?
Then it struck him, the Key’s blind eyeless sockets, he removed a strip of thick leather from around the bottom of his coat and wrapped it around his eyes, tied in place with a strip of cloth from his jerkin. Slowly a picture formed in his mind, he could see! Excitement growing in him, yes he could see, very dimly but yes there was a map of the void in his mind’s eye, a picture of the various tunnels and where they led, some went nowhere, but a couple had a feeling of no end, at least not in physical sense. So there were ways out of this place after all! Other portals although he had no clue to where they may lead. But any would be better than here perhaps.
His confidence grew, some of the fear and anxiety diminished. He made his stumbling way to the nearest endless tunnel and to an exit way. But that rush of hot air again, only much hotter this time. He perceived a redness behind him, a subtle blood red blur, his thoughts raged a moment, sudden horror welling up inside, of course that rush, how can it be? He knew that form, that presence, true he had never seen it for himself before but he had been told, all his life he had been warned to beware of such things, be always vigilant while mining and exploring beneath the ground. All the miners were taught to avoid these things. His people, the Grûndén dug, they had dug for millennia, honed mining to a fine art, but not everything they found was to their liking, not everything was to their benefit, and such things as these were to be avoided at all cost. 
Suddenly he was on his feet and running, he tripped, smashed his shoulder into the wall of the tunnel, fell and managed to pick himself up, the pain in his shoulder dim and unnoticed compared to the anxiety growing in his heart. He knew it would move far faster in these tunnels than he could, it was looking for food and in any moment it could find it! Panic spurred him onward, how far had he gone? He didn’t know. Then in front he saw the old blind Key standing half in, half out of an alcove in the wall, standing there waving at him and blocking his passage to the exit he was heading for.
Then my senses switched and I was looking at Ķablik further down a tunnel. I realised immediately from the perspective that I know saw through the senses of the Key. I looked upon Ķablik even though the Key’s eyeless sockets were just dark holes in his head. Yet the Key still perceived the presence of the Grûndén, the foolish Grûndén had stopped in his tracks. The Key beckoned to the Grûndén for there was sanctuary within the alcove in which he stood, didn’t the Grûndén know this place of safety from the nameless fear?
Then I was back in the mind of Ķablik. So thought Ķablik, the old one dog had come after all and now he wanted him to hand over the item, well he Ķablik was no fool, he knew a valuable item when he saw one, or felt one in this case, how the hated blind old Key wanted it, there was no way he was going to hand it over, not after the pain and anxiety he had endured coming to this hated place to find it. Ķablik did not intend to spend the rest of his miserable life running from the long-ear thief. No, he would uphold his end of the bargain, it was the only way he was going to be free of the accursed agreement he had so foolishly entered into.
Then the picture in my mind again switched to that of the blind old Key beckoning to the Ķablik, the Key felt the ever rising presence of the nameless fear getting ever closer, he thought that if Ķablik didn’t move soon he would not be there to move at all, why had he stopped the fool, why was Ķablik hesitating with that look of deep suspicion upon his face. Again the Key beckoned towards Ķablik and the safety of the alcove, he raised his staff in alarm, shaking it wildly. Ķablik had turned backing away from the raised staff as if expecting it to be a weapon, the fool it was just a wooden staff, a walking stick! What did he expect? What was he doing?
I could then feel the fear in Ķablik grow dramatically, I saw him turn back towards the Key, start to run, then for some reason stop. Ķablik’s fear had subsided, replaced with deep hatred and malice and also a deeply misguided amusement fed by some dark insanity that festered within his heart, what was he doing? 
There came a rushing sound and hot air moved around the Key’s face, he perceived a heat haze moving up the tunnel around Ķablik, even when Ķablik’s hair smouldered, his beard smoking and dropping in clumps of flame to the tunnel floor. Even when Ķablik’s cloths burst into flames upon his back, Ķablik just smiled defiantly at the Key and suddenly drawing back his arm he threw something from his hand into a tunnel half way between them, there was a slight flash, and the blue glow of a natural portal, whatever Ķablik had thrown disappeared. A scream was heard from the direction in which Ķablik was standing, the sound cut off suddenly.
I perceived again through the old Key whose eyeless awareness turned back to look just in time to see Ķablik engulfed in flame, his clothes and his very skin instantly shrivelling from his bones and then even these glowed red and started to spit and fizzle as the soft marrow within boiled to superheated steam, the sudden pressure bursting the walls of bone and exploding them into thousands of fragments. Then even these were burnt to a cinder before they hit the rock floor finally evaporating as vapour on the air. The heat was much hotter now on the Key’s face, so the Key shook his head and sighed then turning walked into the alcove and safety.
The picture before me disappeared and I heard screaming from somewhere, was it Ķablik, his pain and dismay crying out in horror and agonising death. I felt the searing flesh, smelt the stomach churning aroma of burning skin and hair, the horror of his exploding body. I felt myself shaking, my hands, which I clasped together, felt wet with sweat. Every joint ached, my skin felt like a thousand needles were penetrating it all over my body. I unclasped my hands and placed both over my eyes, breathing rapidly my legs gave way and I sat hard upon the floor. Still I heard the screaming, but suddenly I realised it was me. I became aware of hands holding me tight, aiding me to stand, a gentle but concerned voice in my ear. I turned and bursting into tears sobbed into Jon’s broad chest. I realised that I was back in Gwéldølĩn, back in the court of the Grûndén king.
“What’s wrong Mini, what’s wrong?”
I gasped for breath, “I felt … he burned, I felt it.” 
I felt a hand on my shoulder, looking up from where I had my head buried in Jon’s chest I saw Serinae, a worried look upon her face, “it wasn’t real Mini, perhaps it felt real, but it could never do you any harm.” 
“Did you feel it to?” I asked in a gasping breath.
I felt Jon hold me a little tighter, he looked toward Serinae, concern upon his features, Serinae stared into my eyes and then dropped her gaze and shook her head. 
“I felt nothing Mini, I’m sorry.”
I was aware that everyone waited for me to pull myself together, becoming slightly embarrassed I finally overcame my emotions, I took control of my hysteria and stood shakily on my own beside Jon. Then Théøndrĩn, turned from me and walked away. Taking the telling stone he walked back to the secretaire and placed the stone back into the little cupboard from which he had taken it. At the same time Frĩthâ was by my side, she took my arm and led me to her throne where she invited me to sit, this I did thankfully, firstly because I thought my shaking legs would not hold me much longer; and secondly it took me out of the centre of attention. She smiled at me and holding my hand in hers remained standing by my side.
Returning and standing in front of us, Théøndrĩn told us of a visit the day before from two Old Ones. They had turned up at the gates of Gwéldølĩn suddenly and unannounced demanding to see him with important news. He told how after allowing them an audience in which they said nothing, one of the two just handed him the telling stone which he had just shown to us. Théøndrĩn had demanded answers to his questions but they had given no responses. The only thing they had said was that Théøndrĩn should make ready for guests who would be arriving the following day and that he should show them the events portrayed within the stone. Then they turned and left, he didn’t see them again. Théøndrĩn continued saying that he had viewed the seeing stone several times and even shown it to others, always it showed the same thing, but none not even the Mining Guilds that were here just before we arrived could give any answers to what the story showed. At this he looked questioningly at each of us and remained silent.
Serinae then spoke, telling of how we had met the Old Ones or keepers on the road to Gwéldølĩn. They had not said anything to us but only that we would be expected and to make haste to the city. Apart from that none of us were able the shed any light on what we saw.
Something nagged at my brain, something wasn’t right about all that had just been said, but at first I couldn’t place what is was. But then realisation dawned. Théøndrĩn had just mentioned two Old Ones, only two had visited him, but we had met three on the road. I was trying to figure out what had happened to the third, why he had not shown up in the audience with Théøndrĩn. I was deep in thought about this when I vaguely heard someone question what it was that the Grûndén had been given by the old one, someone else wondered about the old one himself, the one called the Key. Serinae suspected that he was the Key of the void that we saw in the stone. The Key being a keeper title given to those with such responsibility, those in the keeper’s number who controlled access to such places.
I was then that I suddenly realised the events the others had experienced in the seeing stone and the experience the stone had shown to me where every different. Yes, they had seen the Key and the Grûndén called Ķablik, but they didn’t know his name. Suddenly I felt very confused.
But Serinae turned and addressed Théøndrĩn, “my lord, forgive me but I must ask a question. I know not whether it is linked to what we have just seen, but before we go on can I please voice it, for I believe it remains important to the future.”
Théøndrĩn nodded his agreement, so Serinae continued.
 “We have travelled from the Pnook to be here; we were in Scienocropolis and discovered many things. The Pnook suffered an attack on their city from some dark army. We discovered that they had a visitor, a T’Iea who had in his possession a powerful item.” 
At this Łĩnwéé stood forward and said in a loud voice. “Aye, a dragon scale.”
Théøndrĩn looked at Łĩnwéé and then back to Serinae a question on his features.
Serinae said, “yes, you would call it thus, but the Pnook understood it for what it really was, a device that holds many secrets, I am sure it is prised for the knowledge that it holds within.” 
Before Łĩnwéé or any of the others could say anything Serinae quickly asked a question of Théøndrĩn. “My Lord, the person, the one of which we speak, we know he had plans to come here to Gwéldølĩn, that is partially the reason we are here, but the burning question in my mind and I must ask it, have you seen or had any reports of such a person here within the city?” 
“Who is this person?” Asked Théøndrĩn in return, he stood with narrowed eyes, a look of deep suspicion upon his face, “why would he seek to come here, what is his purpose in all this?” 
“I do not yet know, for sure, but I believe he is in league with dark forces.” Serinae repeated her question, “have you seen such a person?” 
The reply was, “no, we have no reports visitors entering Gwéldølĩn, apart from the two Old Ones of course and until your company arrived at our gates.” 
Serinae then said, “very well, but I have good reason to believe he is, or was here never the less.” 
At this Théøndrĩn stood and said, “you doubt our word? If we have no reports then believe me none have entered. This city is impenetrable to outsiders, none may enter unannounced, it is impossible.” 
Jon then stood and started to explain in a raised voice that this person was most probably here regardless of the security measures in place within Gwéldølĩn. Jon blurted out that there were other ways of travel that may allow secret entry into somewhere if the person had certain knowledge. I saw Serinae flinch at the mention of this. But a heated discussion ensued, but I was not listening to the points being raised by the various parties now involved. I was thinking about something else, something that I had seen and just now came to the forefront of my mind again. From my seat on Frĩthâ’s throne it suddenly occurred to me I had seen that figure in the window, maybe he was the T’Iea thief, perhaps the same one I had heard mentioned in the story within the seeing stone even. I slowly stood and said, “I have seen him.”
But I was not heard above the discussions going on. I raised my voice and shouting, said, “I have seen him!”
At this Frĩthâ stood and dropping my hand she went to Théøndrĩn and whispered in his ear. At this Théøndrĩn raised a hand and beckoned for silence, as he did so he turned to look at me. At this they all fell quiet and all eyes were on me again. I dropped my gaze to the ground and said, “At least I’m pretty sure that I have seen him.” 
“Where Mini, where?”
It was Serinae who took me gently by the shoulders; I looked into her questioning eyes, but there was something else there showing in her features, a deep look of concern. 
“I, I, it was as we stood at the end of the avenue leading up here to the palace. I saw a figure a dark figure standing in a window across the bridge from us, I only saw the figure for a moment. I thought it must have been my imagination again or a trick of the light.”
“So, we may have a spy in our midst. It would be a small thing to check and very prudent I feel.” Théøndrĩn called for guards, a number appeared, one obviously in charge came up to the Grâumin and words were said between them. The guards left as one and went through the door of the chamber. I guessed they had been sent to search the building where I had seen the figure. 
Serinae looked down towards the ground, she seemed to hug herself, her arms wrapped around her. 
Théøndrĩn noticing looked suspiciously at her as he asked. “Who is he to you, this person you seek?” 
She turned away eyes downcast, acting as if she had not heard the question.
“If you know or suspect something lady Serinae, then I demand that you tell me! I have the safety of this city to think of and nothing will prevent me from ensuring that duty is carried out, do you understand?”
Serinae continued to look at the floor. I had never seen her so meek before.
I felt I needed to break the silence that followed so I suggested something else that had occurred to me, “perhaps it is the same thief that was on Ķablik’s mind from the story told in the telling stone”
I received blank looks from everyone in the room before Serinae said, “who is Ķablik?”
I was taken back. Did they really not know the Grûndén s name? “The Grûndén in the telling stone.” I explained, “his name was Ķablik.”
Serinae spoke at last. “Mini I think you had better tell us more of what you saw in the stone, for clearly it is different from what the rest of us saw.”
At this all my companions murmured and nodded in agreement. Théøndrĩn beckoned to me to stand and relate my tale. This I did for it seemed that what I had seen and heard and felt went far beyond what my friends had seen. Also the fact that I had ‘lived’ the story whereas everyone else had just seen the story as it was depicted without gleaming any personal aspects on the part of the characters depicted. They had not seen Ķablik’s death for one thing.
When I finished my description of the tale Łĩnwéé exclaimed, “truly ye be full o’ surprises Min, fo’ ye saw much more than the rest o’ us, that be fo’ sure.”
“Yes much more,” Serinae agreed, “perhaps Mini you have a skill, a gift even, that you didn’t even realise yourself?”
But before I could ponder this or think of a reply, Serinae continued to speak. She addressed Théøndrĩn.
 “Perhaps my Lord if I explain my earlier silence you may understand why I was reticent to respond to you. I have good reasons to believe that darker forces of evil intent are linked to the army that attacked the Pnook of which I spoke earlier, but as yet I cannot prove it. But the evil I suspect goes deeper than you may think. The spy, even the thief in the stones story was most probably, a T’Iea’Neat’Thegoran, a Dark Elf as they are called in the common tongue. So you will see that if this is indeed the case then some greater force of evil was abroad and we would do well to discover what its purpose was for surely it would affect us all in the long term. I do not know for sure, but I will tell you my thoughts, for your city may be in grave danger and I should prepare you for the worst.” 
At this Théøndrĩn sat back on his throne and looked expectantly at Serinae. She related some of the story so far, but some parts she left out which perplexed me. She spoke of the attack on Corbond, our journey to Amentura, the fact that similar beings were seen there but not in such great numbers as in Corbond. She didn’t say anything about Solin and the message from the cylinder, but went on to tell of our journey to Scienocropolis and our discovery of the events surrounding the attack on the city and the drastic measure taken by the Pnook to stop the enemy. 
She thought for a while and then continued by saying, “I now believe that the attacks are linked to the T’Iea’Neat’Thegoran. I am sure they control the army. Either that or someone controls them and is in league with the dark bretheren. I also think someone is trying the army out, experimenting with them, perhaps to try and make them into an unstoppable force. I think there is a strong possibility they may well attack here next.”
I was aghast. I had heard of the T’Iea’Neat’Thegoran, they were reputed to be T’Iea who had fallen under the influence of some ancient evil long ago. They were a darkness on my people’s history, one of which had reputedly split our race in two, pitching darkness against the light. A deeply sorrowful event. But I had always thought them a myth. No one had seen or heard from them for millennia. Their location in the world had never been found and thus no proof of their existence ever made.
Théøndrĩn sat upright and narrowed his eyes again whilst continuing to scrutinise Serinae’s face. “And what makes you think that my lady?” 
Serinae stared back at Théøndrĩn then turned to look at me, “because I believe it was a T’Iea’Neat’Thegoran that Minervar saw in the window across the street I think we are being followed.”
“But how would this evil T’Iea get into the city, if such a spy were to infiltrate Gwéldølĩn we would know about it however stealthy this spy may be.”
Serinae frowned. “Not my Lord if he were known to your people, or had sympathy within Gwéldølĩn. Old friends that he may call upon to aid him.”
Théøndrĩn laughed, “impossible. No Grûndén would stoop to such an act, it would be impossible for any of my people to stoop to such an act of treason.”
“But what if such a person or persons did not know the true intent of this spy? What if they saw him as he once was, a friend to this city?”
Théøndrĩn frowned, some deep thought entered his mind. “So you think our darkest fears may have come forth milady? You think our old adversary has returned?”
Serinae frowned she did not respond at first, just minutes of silence pervaded the throne room.
Eventually Serinae looked at him, “Perhaps the Old Ones, the keepers, are trying to warn us, trying to suggest that they have been compromised in some way, infiltrated by the T’Iea’Neat’Thegoran?”
Théøndrĩn nodded. “Then the situation is grave. If this is true, then our deepest fears have been nothing compared to what may be reality. Come milady, let us talk in private, perhaps your companions would forgive us and return to the city and await?”
Serinae nodded and looked at us, “please my friends do not see this as an insult, what I need to discuss is only known to Lord Théøndrĩn and myself. Please try to understand that it is of the upmost importance and the less who know the better, at least for now.”
I wanted to object, I felt we should not have secrets from one another, we had come too far to allow such things to come between us. But Serinae looked at me with such pleading that I bit my tongue. After all we had come far and secrets or not we had to have absolute trust in one another. So I turned and followed the rest of my companions as we found ourselves being escorted back out of the palace to await whatever outcomes may arise.


Chapter 27 An Audience with A Wise Old Owl

Extract from ‘Secrets of the Ancients’ by Solin D’Teinde.
One perplexing thing I have come across once or twice in my travels is the mention of something called the Compendium of the Combined. To this day I have not been able to find out for sure what this curious phrase refers to. No texts, or other record seems to be kept. But there is one to whom I have spoken who claims to know. He would tell you that the Compendium of the Combined were a secret society. But he would not say what secrets they kept, or why they were created, only that they existed in ancient tumultuous time, when events dictated that they be formed to undertake certain tasks to ensure the security of all.
~

That evening we found ourselves back in Dĩmmĩ’s house once again enjoying her hospitality. Serinae had returned from the king’s court an hour before, she went straight upstairs to her rooms refusing to answer any of our questions. But we had all now gathered in the parlour room before dinner and were all chatting together about many things. Serinae would still not discuss anything about her private meeting with the king Théøndrĩn and no amount of asking would get her to open up. She just sat deep in thought.
Dĩmmĩ entered the room and walking up to Łĩnwéé bent and whispered something in his ear. Łĩnwéé stood quickly and looked towards the door that entered to the hallway of the house. He straightened his beard and smoothed his hair then he made his way around the table and out into the hall shutting the door behind him. After about ten minute’s Łĩnwéé returned he entered in sombre mood and quietly shut the door.
He looked up and clapped his hands loudly for attention, then he said, “please my friends someone be ‘ere, someone o’ great importance t’ me and I would like ye t’ meet ‘im, if ye would honour me wit’ an unexpected visitor?”
We all nodded or voiced our agreement, for any friend of Łĩnwéé was indeed a friend to us also. So Łĩnwéé went back through the door this time leaving it open, Dĩmmĩ stood to one side her hands clasped together with a slightly nervous look upon her face. I was expecting Łĩnwéé to return once more through the door, but instead in came two finely dressed Grûndén in some sort of smart uniform livery who carried between them a kind of chair with two long handles extending front and back, it was with these handles that the two carried the chair. They positioned the chair centrally in the room and after placing it so that its four legs were on the floor they slide the two handles out from the chair and both left without a word taking the handles with them. All eyes were then on the chair on which there appeared to be a pile of rich looking cloth. All of a sudden the cloths moved and two gnarled hands appeared from within the folds. These hands reached up and slowly started to unravel cloth from around the highest point of the pile on the chair. By this time Łĩnwéé had also returned to the room, he made his way around to the front of the chair and bowing low he knelt on one knee before the chair and kept his head down looking at the floor. Dĩmmĩ also came to the front of the chair and took up a similar pose to Łĩnwéé.
My eyes reverted back to the cloths, there slowly being revealed was an ancient looking Grûndén. Eventually, all the cloths were removed and handed to Dĩmmĩ, whereupon she folded them with some reverence and took them from the room. Łĩnwéé was still kneeling in front of the new arrival. The figure in the chair appeared to be advanced in years even for a Grûndén. His skin hung loose on his jowls and across his forehead, it hung down over his eyes making him seem although he had a permanent frown upon his face. His hands were like leather, cracked and dried in the sun. But he was never the less richly dressed. His long grey beard was so long it was tucked beneath the belt of his tunic and still it made it to his knees. The hair upon his head had thinned to the extent that it was just a thin wispy covering on the top of his scalp, the speckled skin of his skull could clearly be seen through this hair. To each side his hair fared slightly better for it hung long and much thicker from just above his ears down the sides of his head and he gathered it in fronds upon his lap. He was still looking at Łĩnwéé, but eventually he slowly raised his eyes and looked at each of us in turn. As he looked at me I could see his eyes although dimmed by age were also calculating and intensely intelligent. Eventually he grasped hold of a walking stick from somewhere by his side and shakily raised it towards Łĩnwéé, whereupon he placed the end onto Łĩnwéé’s shoulder and gave it quite a hard shove. Łĩnwéé looked up shocked as if someone had awakened him suddenly. The old figure smiled, well at least his eyes did for you could not see much of his mouth through his beard and moustache.
He then said in a cracked and croaky voice, “Wéévél, are ye going to go to sleep on me or do I get an introduction to y’ur friends here eh? Now if you would be s’ kind before I expire on the spot. I don’t have that many a’year left in me Wéévél and I’ll die and wither away at this rate afore ye gets to the point.”
Łĩnwéé jumped to his feet.
I was thinking, ‘Wéévél’?
Łĩnwéé spluttered and said, “ach, aye master, I’m be sorry master, I didn’t think.”
“Oh for Øédréll’s sake, dunny ye begin the thinking now Wéévél or we’ll be here all night.”
Łĩnwéé spluttered some more, he appeared to be going to say something but then just bowed his head once more mumbling to himself.
“Bah! I’ll do it m’self.” The old Grûndén breathed in and drew himself up in the chair as high as he could and said, “my name is Ĝørtmûnd …”
But before he could continue, Łĩnwéé seemed to gather himself and raising his hand said, “My, my friends, please, I have the greatest pleasure in introducin’ all o’ ye to Héaréa Ĝørtmûnd Fløwsélld.”
At this the elderly Grûndén again pushed Łĩnwéé in the back with his walking stick, and said after raising his eyes to the ceiling, “just call me Ĝørtmûnd, for Øédréll’s sake. Less of the formalities please Wéévél.” 
I couldn’t help smile at this spectacle and I hid my smile behind my hand, but my eyes gave me away I think, for Ĝørtmûnd looking at me said, “aha at least one o’ ye has a sense o’ humour, come here young lassie and let me see ye closer.” 
He beckoned to me with his hand, so still smiling I walked over to the chair on which Ĝørtmûnd sat. He didn’t hesitate to take my hand and kissing it held onto it and looking into my eyes said, “beautiful, beautiful.” 
I know I blushed for I felt the hotness rise in my cheeks. He then spied Serinae and still holding my hand, he gestured with his other hand after placing his stick by his side, called her to him, she smiled as well and obliging approached his chair on the other side. He grasped her hand and kissed it, then holding onto both our hands looked from one of us to the other a number of times and said, “two o’ ye and in one room! Beautiful. Beautiful. By the Lord Øédréll I need to get out more. I nat be used to such excitement!”
At this he dropped our hands and giving a deep sigh gestured that we should sit down again. We did so and looking back towards him saw that he was looking form Serinae to me and then back again. Finally he said, “Stunning, stunning.”
I think Łĩnwéé at this stage was so embarrassed he wanted the floor to open and swallow him whole, for his eyes were looking so intently at it.
Ĝørtmûnd then looked at Łĩnwéé and said, “Wéévél for Øédréll’s sake get up I don’t have all night, I know I’m an embarrassin’ old gaff, but I can afford to be at my age, what else do I have eh?”
At this Wéévél, I mean Łĩnwéé stood and gathering himself together introduced the rest of us to Ĝørtmûnd.
Łĩnwéé then said, “friends I have known Ĝørtmûnd for many years, he was, and still is,” at this he bowed again towards Ĝørtmûnd and continued, “m’ law master, m’ Héaréa of old, since I were a wee sprat.”
At this Ĝørtmûnd laughed and looking towards us he winked and said, “I know him better than his own mother.” 
I looked at Seri who was forming a wicked smile upon her features, obviously enjoying this comic turn of events. I will admit I also found the whole thing highly amusing.
Łĩnwéé coughed and said, “well, aye, that maybe, but never the less Ĝørtmûnd has seen many things.”
He was interrupted again by Ĝørtmûnd who whispered to us, “Oh yes, he certainly has.” He winked at us. Then before Łĩnwéé could continue added, “and seen many years to.”
I smiled unable to stop myself admiring the old Grûndén, for he seemed more like a T’Iea in nature than one of Łĩnwéé’s people.
Łĩnwéé continued un-phased by all the interruptions and seemed determined to say his piece. “Héaréa Ĝørtmûnd has great knowledge and I am honoured that he has come to see us this evening for I know he will have great things to share with us.”
At this Ĝørtmûnd covered his mouth in a theatrical manner and said, “eh? What things, I’m just here ‘cause Wéévél here owes me a good few ales is all.”
At this I couldn’t hold myself back any longer and I burst into fits of laughter, as did Serinae. After a few minutes we managed to calm ourselves, only to burst into laughter again as Ĝørtmûnd made an amusing face towards us. “But it doesn’t look like I’ll be getting’ any this night at this rate eh?”
Eventually we did manage to calm ourselves, I apologised to Łĩnwéé as did Serinae, he just gave us both a black look.
Then a change came over Ĝørtmûnd, he became more serious, and he to apologised to Łĩnwéé saying, “I’m sorry Wéévél, but I couldn’t help m’self, I do not get many visitors these days, least of all two pretty long-ears eh? Retirement does not sit well with me and I can’t help trying t’ prove to myself that still be life in the old dog yet. Please my old friend sit down and listen to what I have to say, for it affects us all and hopefully will be useful for your onward journey.”
So we all settled down, including Łĩnwéé, whom I continued to feel slightly sorry for.
But what we heard next was astonishing, for what Ĝørtmûnd told us was this:
“As ye can plainly see I have lived many years o’ man. I have seen much in my long years. But now after all that time, all of a sudden events are stepping up a notch and for all my time in this world I can no longer keep up with such things, they have overtaken me at last. So I need to tell others young’r than me, those who still have the energy to take in my words and act upon them in the appropriate manner.” He sighed and smiled at Łĩnwéé. Then he began to speak once again. “I am a scholar, of sorts, amongst my people, I have seen much and lived probably far too long in this world. I long for the Lord  Øédréll t’ take me back home and give me rest. I am weary and spent, but I cannot go yet, not until I have fulfilled a promise I made many, many years ago.”
I was really intrigued now, my curiosity had overtaken all my thoughts.
“For ye see I have knowledge, secret knowledge. This knowledge I have kept to m’self through the long ages, yes, even kept from my own people, and quite frankly it relieves me to be rid of it at long last.”
I hoped this was  not some joke he had concocted as seemed his way earlier.”
He continued. “My family is one o’ the oldest in the Grûndén realm, and we have kept meticulous records goin’ way back to the days of the creation and construction of the city of Gwéldølĩn. We were involved in the design of the city and we were well represented throughout in its forming, m’ family being architects and artisans. The design o’ the city and the knowledge o’ its construction were two fold. Firstly, it was the greatest undertaking of the Grûndén, for it was to be our home from home for ever more. But there was a second reason for this undertaking, a secret reason, one which my family has held in readiness for just such a time as this. A time we knew would come.”
Here he paused looking at each of our faces before he drew in a deep breath and continued. “As you know Old Ones visited the Grâumin recently, they carried a telling stone within which was played out a tale, the Grâumin showed this to me also. A tale of an event of which I know not, at least not directly. But, I hear you ask, why should they show this? Well because it is a part of our history and along with recent events it does show a part of a story.”
I noticed he glanced at Serinae at this point, something passed between them. But I suspected that these two perhaps knew of each other before this meeting, after all Serinae had spent some considerable time in the employ of the city, why should she have not met this old man before.
The revelation continued. “But the Old Ones also needed an excuse to see me without causing questions to be asked. So while two Old Ones showed the telling stone to the Graumin, a third made his way in secret to visit me. I was ready for him, as had all the generations of my family, through time immemorial. But it has fallen upon me to start events rolling, for the Old Ones message was simple. He told me of a company of mixed races that would visit Gwéldølĩn, and he released me from my burden by requesting that I tell that company the secrets that my family have held for so many generations.” He extended his hand towards us. “For you see my friends the second reason for the design and building of the cavern of Gwéldølĩn was that a second place, another cavern the same in design was to be built in secret, but this place was not intended for a habitable city, at least not for the elder races, this place was to hold something else, city sized but not houses and halls and other places of habitation. So while Gwéldølĩn was being built so to was this second cavern, not here on this world but somewhere else, somewhere within the domains of the Old Ones. I know some of my family went to this place, as did others of the elder races, but its location I do not know, or indeed, how to get there. That information I was not entrusted with. I suspect only the Old Ones themselves hold such knowledge.” 
At this he grew quiet and the next voice we heard was Łĩnwéé who said, “Héaréa Ĝørtmûnd. The twelve Brĩschlåûndérgré, the twelve great globes, six wer’ meant for here in Gwéldølĩn and hang to this day above the city, the other six ……...”
“Aye Łĩnwéé the other six now hang in the other cavern wherever it is.” 
The room fell silent for a while, then Ĝørtmûnd again breathed deeply and said, “there is one other thing.”
Our attentions were focused back upon the old Grûndén man while he said. “On one occasion whilst the work of excavation was being carried out in the main hall o’ that secret place, my family witnessed a group the visitation by a group of Pnook. These Pnook were met by the overseeing group of Old Ones in the outer hall. The outer hall was large in itself for here were stored the six Brĩschlåûndérgré that were eventually to hang in the main hall. It transpired these Pnook were there to deliver a small package, it was described to me as an insignificant leather wallet, but what it contained where some small objects that caught the light and reflected such colours that my ancestor described them as being like dragon scales.”
I think we all grasped the significance of these words. Ĝørtmûnd smiled. “I see you have your own experiences of these things, it is thus why you came here is it not?”
Tnie spoke, “Yes, we have long suspected that these Biplextor chips, to give them their proper name, are missing from an important machine and as a result this machine may be malfunctioning. Or even worse someone is trying to adjust the way the machine works probably to cause events to unfold of their own desire.”
Ĝørtmûnd nodded slowly. “Aye the Dark T’Iea, ye can bet they’d be a plottin’ something.”
Serinae shot him a glance, it looked like a warning of some sort, she also made a tiny shake of her head.
Ĝørtmûnd definitely noticed, but he looked away. “They always be aplottin’, the machine it was because o’ them that it was built to start with for Øédréll’s sake!”
I was dumbfounded. Ĝørtmûnd obviously had knowledge that none of us had, I pressed him for more information, I wanted to know about these dark T’Iea, they were supposed to be a myth, a legend to scare small children. But he would not elaborate, he kept an eye on Serinae, she just stared at him.
Instead Jon asked, “so, what happened to these errr dragon scales, the Biplextor chips of which Tnie spoke of?”
Ĝørtmûnd pursed his lips and raising his eyebrows looked at Serinae with a tilted head. “I believe the Old Ones accepted and kept them, for what purpose my family did not record, possibly they didn’t know.”
Tnie then stood, he walked around the table to where Ĝørtmûnd sat, “Héaréa Ĝørtmûnd, please this is important, do you know how many Biplextors? How many did my people hand over to the Old Ones, the keepers? Please if you know tell us?”
Ĝørtmûnd looked at  him and said, “do not fear my laddie I know how many, I just didn’t mention it because I didn’t think it important. It were four. Four dragon scales they gave to the Old Ones.”
Serinae spoke for the first time in many minutes. “We know of one such chip and what it contains.” She left the room and came back five minutes later with the chip that she had persuaded master Letin to give her in Scienocropolis. This she showed to Ĝørtmûnd.
The elderly Grûndén took it eagerly; turning it in his shaking hands he inspected it closely. “Yes, yes, this be such a device, it fits the descriptions given me.”
“So there are three others then,” Jondris spoke.
I added, “three others and a machine somewhere that they control.”
Ĝørtmûnd nodded, he said as if voicing his thoughts, “a city sized machine perhaps?” He then breathed in deeply and extending his hand gave the chip back into Serinae’s safe keeping. He winked at her, “I will wager milady, ye will find such a machine within the other cavern in which the missing six Brĩschlåûndérgré hang.” He then settled back into his chair and seemed to sink down. “But I tire, ye’ll forgive me if I makes m’way home. I had enough excitement for one day it seems.” He thumbed his indication towards Łĩnwéé, “Wéévél here knows were t’ find me should ye need me again.”
The old Grûndén was wrapped up once more in his travelling garb and the two who carried him in carried him back out again and we spent the rest of the evening chatting once more.

 


Chapter 28 Making Plans

Extract from ‘The Hidden Peoples’ by Solin D’Teinde.
Perhaps only the Grûndén themselves know how many they number, but even this I somehow doubt, I have long suspected that if all the Grûndén people came home to Gwéldølĩn, then the poor city would be totally overcome, certainly the inns and pubs would be out of ale in seconds!
But I met one of those sturdy people once a long time ago, he was a flowery character (as are all his people) and he put this conundrum into an amusing perspective, one I still use today.
He told me over an ale in a pub, “ach, m’lady, be sure that if ye stood every Grûndén side b’ side they’d reach as a girdle right around t’ world, not once only mind ye, but thrice at least. Then if ye told ‘em all t’ dig, they’d slice t’ world in two in five days.”
Such an absurd idea perhaps, but a superb story none the less!
~

I had no appetite for breakfast, although certain others of the party like Teouso and Łĩnwéé seemed to be unmoved by the previous day’s events. I was still feeling numb at the knowledge that my races darkest secrets may after all be true. The dark bretheren, the people we name the T’Iea’Neat’Thegoran may well actually exist and not be the myth I always thought they were. The thought that we had quite possibly actually met one commanding those evil forces back in Corbond only darkened my thoughts. But how many did they number? If they were making plans and showing their presence, then surely they must be confident enough to feel effective in whatever they desired to do.
I felt a need to lighten my own sombre mood and walking over to Łĩnwéé who sat alone, I greeted him and said, “so Łĩnwéé why did Ĝørtmûnd call you Wéévél?” 
I smiled as sweetly as I could. He just looked at me and sighed. Then he shook his head and said, “Ah Min, Ĝørtmûnd was m’ teacher. He was an’ still be, m’ lore master. As he said, he is probably as close t’ me as anyone shall ever get. I be grateful to ‘im, for his knowledge be great. But I still feel a childish awe o’ ‘im, m’ words get muddled and I find m’self a’thinkin’ like a sprat again when I be in his presence. He be a joker Min, he always were. He always took great delight in embarrassin’ his charges. All o’ us had nicknames dependant on what Ĝørtmûnd saw within us, what he perceived as a special characteristic, our strength, or sometimes a weakness.”
He fell silent for a while, I wondered if he was going to continue. He was obviously deep in thought about something, perhaps trying to decide what to say next, our how to voice it. But eventually he continued, “Wéévél be a bad word, it be a slang word, a word fo’ the tavern floor an’ the gutter, a travesty of our language. It is but a crude reference t’ the most intimate o’ acts between husband an’ wife.” At this he held up his hand, he looked directly at me with a look of appeal in his face and said, “I beg ye Min, don’ ye be mak’n me describe the details any further eh?”
I shook my head in acknowledgement of his request.
So he continued with his explanation, “Well, many a’year ago in m’ foolish youth, I fell in love with a maiden, only problem were this maid were the daughter o’ a high ranking official in the court an’ I was but a lowly youth just started out in t’ ranks o’ t’ army an’ destined nat for such greatness. Part o’ t’ military trainin’ were academic, so one day I were supposed to attend a lesson from Ĝørtmûnd, I were about to leave m’ lodgin’ in the barracks when m’ love turned up an’ ran into m’ room. She were sore distressed, tears afillin’ her eyes. She had been in an argument wit’ her father, t’ this day I dunny know what about exactly. But she ranted and raved t’ me, about her father being unreasonable an’ t’ like. I dunny know how it happened but we ended up akissin’ passionately an’ one thing led to another, perhaps she sought revenge against her father, perhaps she needed comfort, an’ perhaps I wanted to comfort her in m’ embrace. But I say wit’ some guilt even t’ this day that I were only too happy t’ oblige at the time bein’ young an' foolish an’ all. Well the worst happened and we were about to spread our wings for full flight, so to speak, when m’ room door was opened and there stood Ĝørtmûnd a frown upon his face. Well as ye can expect that killed our ardour instantly, which may be a good thing in t’ long run. He dinny say a thing, he left the room an’ closed m’ door. But ever since then Ĝørtmûnd has called me Wéévél, thankfully not in public, only in private, or in t’ presence o’ those he trusts. But every time he said that word I be reminded o’ that event. He won’t let me forget it, an’ I feel the old guilt arise’n in m’ chest again. ‘Tis a hold he has on me. Nat that he would use it to exploit me in any ways fo’ he is an ‘onourable man, he just likes the power it gives ‘im me thinks.”
Poor Łĩnwéé looked so embarrassed and so dejected. I tried to look concerned; I had mixed feelings about what I had just been told. I was saddened for poor Łĩnwéé and his love, but a certain amount of amusement at this story did stir within me. But I made sure it didn’t show on the outside.
I took his hand and said, “your secret is safe with me Łĩnwéé, don’t worry, nothing really happened anyway did it, so there is nothing to mention as far as I am concerned.”
He looked at me and sighed, he hung his head in both hands and said, “aye, well thank ‘e Min, y’ur prudence be deeply appreciated lass.”
Whist we were in deep conversation everyone had gathered in the room and after eating a hearty breakfast a discussion ensued. So Łĩnwéé and myself rose and joined the rest of the party at a large table. The present discussion seemed to be around what had we actually seen and heard the day before and why the keepers that had come to Gwéldølĩn intended us to see it. They must have known we were making our way to the city and purposely given the telling stone to Théøndrĩn. This much we had found out. But there was no way of telling if the events portrayed in the telling stone were recent or from ages past. Much discussion went on for some time around the fact that I seemed to have had a richer experience with the telling stone than any of the others and added to this the incredible secrets Ĝørtmûnd had divulged to us. All the varying protagonists seemed to have known about us, expected us. It was almost as if something or someone had control over our actions, some hidden thing dictated what we should do. I was sure that there was a plot, a prearranged plan that we didn’t know about yet were destined to follow to its end. It just seemed incredible that events had arranged for us to learn from everything we had seen, but if this were the case, then what exactly were we supposed to have learnt?
Serinae stood and sighing asked us all to be silent for a moment. Looking at each of us she spoke. “There are ancient tales of the Keeper’s ability to gain access to the planar voids and how they used these places as pathways to travel from one place to another and over great distances in an instant, they also had an arrangement with the Grûndén to allow the mining of certain minerals from within such places. But the Keepers are also reputed to have used some of these places to hide things, to hold prisoners and banished beings, everything from murderers and mad men, to nameless fears, monstrosities long forgotten across the sands of time.”
I wondered how she knew all these things, where would she gain such knowledge? My thoughts darkened, was Serinae one of those protagonists that had designed this series of events? If she was, then was she in league with others, perhaps Solin and even Ĝørtmûnd? Perhaps even those Keepers themselves? She had a long history, who knows where she had been and what she had found out in her many years of travel. But I was pulled from my thoughts as she continued to speak.
“I believe that such was the place we saw in the telling stone, one of these planar voids used for secreting away something or somethings. Firstly, I believe it was in that planar void that some terrible being or creature was being held or even imprisoned, a hint of which we got from the telling stone, and secondly perhaps, because of this it was also used to hold some infinitely valuable item, what better place to hide and protect such an item within the domain of some fearful guardian so terrible it would have made the perfect deterrent whether knowingly or unwittingly.” 
I shuddered as I thought of that nameless fear held there in those tunnels and almost cried out loud at the thought of the fear and pain that Ķablik had experienced. Somehow I had felt it; somehow my emotions and feelings had gotten linked to those who had been portrayed within the telling stone, both the Ķablik and the old blind Keeper Key. How could this be? No one else had experienced this.
I gathered my thoughts together and asked the question on my mind, “so how do the events portrayed in the telling stone fit into our story?”
Serinae stared at me and then said, “I have two possible theories one I voiced yesterday in that I suspect that the T’Iea’Neat’Thegoran, our dark brethren, are after whatever it was that was kept in that void place, if this is the case then something very evil is planned. The second of my theories is based upon my own experience of being hired to find certain long lost artefacts.” 
Then I said my thoughts out loud, “of course, Ķablik’s mentioning a long ear thief – I wonder, I really wonder if that was a reference to Tezrin?” 
“Yes, Mini, you have voiced my second theory, it sounds like the sort of undertaking he would entertain, asked to sneak into somewhere and recover an item, but then subcontract a paid mercenary to do the dirty work so that his precious hide remained safe. Perhaps you are right, what we saw was Ķablik recovering the necklace, if you remember he threw something out of a portal before he perished, what if that something was the necklace? If it was then the goblin men must have found it, for Tezrin knew where the item may be found, he knew exactly where we should be headed and he tasked me in its recovery from them. We really do need to find our brother thief and recover the necklace he hopefully still has, I’d certainly like to take a closer look.” 
I didn’t say anything but I did think of that first evening at the Inn in Corbond where I had first set eyes on Serinae and Teouso, the conversation certainly suggested Serinae was hired to recover the necklace by Tezrin, so quite possibly he had hired Ķablik at some time before his meeting with Serinae. 
Then after a period of silence, Serinae said, “but then Mini, there is an even darker theory that now springs to mind. But I would appreciate if everyone kept this to themselves.” She waited whilst we all nodded or expressed our agreement before continuing. “You remember I stayed behind at the Grâumin request after our meeting yesterday. Well I need to tell you what was discussed. Firstly Mini, you will remember me telling you about how for many years I was in the employ of this city and that there was one other, another ranger who accompanied me?”
I nodded in response, indeed I did remember the tale the she had told me.”
“Well,” she continued, “that other person was Tezrin. He eventually left however, in fact he was forced to leave, he became sympathetic with other forces, factions not of this city that would undoubtedly have compromised the Grûndén’s interests and the Grâumin was forced to eliminate that risk. So Tezrin left, for to stay would have probably resulted in his imprisonment, even his death.”
Suddenly it all became clear to me and I blurted out, “you helped him escape!”
At this Serinae fell silent and remained deep in thought. It was quite plain that what I had said had deeply troubled her in some way, could it be that I had struck upon a truth? I wanted to ask more but I understood how painful such a conversation may be so I was loath to explore it any further.
But Łĩnwéé obviously had another line of thought in his mind, one closer to home for him. “What about the building o’ the second cavern,” asked Łĩnwéé, “what do ye think that was destined t’ hold eh?”
Tnie then added, “Yes and the fact that from what Ĝørtmûnd described it would seem that the Pnook designed, constructed and supplied four Biplextor devices that they gave to the Keepers, possibly they were commissioned to do so. What if those four Biplextor devices are the ones that Tezrin seeks, if so from what we know he is likely to have at least two of them, if he still seeks the other two, then where are they?”
No one responded. I looked around at the faces of my companions, each were deep in their own thoughts, blank looks upon their faces. All except Serinae, she was looking at her pack and as I watched she bent down and moved the pack closer to her side, for one moment I thought she was going to place her hand inside and miraculously appear with the two missing chips, but then I thought that would be absurd, for if she had them surely she would confide in us. 
But then Jon spoke saying, “All the more reason to get the two chips that Tezrin has from him before he manages to find the other two, if that is his intent. For once he has all four I dread to think what plans he has for them, perhaps sell them to the highest bidder and I doubt he would be fussy about who that highest bidder was. He looked at Serinae questioningly.”
I then remembered the tall figure I thought I had seen in the window on the way to the Grâumin's palace, I again mentioned this to those assembled.
Serinae sighed. “Tezrin was here in Gwéldølĩn, he spent some time here as I did, he could quite easily have made contacts here in the past, contacts that may still remain sympathetic to him. If that were the case he could easily gain access into and hide here within the city. I’m afraid that would not be difficult for him.”
I was sure that Serinae knew more, but was not going to offer any further information. I certainly did not want to ask her until perhaps we were alone.
Once we had finished our discussion we all went back to our rooms before the evening meal, on the way Serinae grabbed my arm and pulled me gently to one side. She looked into my eyes and asked what I remembered about the figure in the window. I thought hard and then again said that it was only a fleeting glimpse as I turned to view the city from where we stood. It was a tall figure though and therefore probably not a Grûndén as the figure had one arm raised supporting itself on the upper frame of the window through which he looked and the figures forearm was horizontal whereas a Grûndén holding the upper frame of the window would have had to reach up with his forearm being vertical. I said how the figures features could not be seen as he had a hood raised up over his head. Then I explained that when I looked again the figure had moved away from the window. I even told her that I wasn’t absolutely sure that a figure existed at all really, and that it may have been my imagination. 
At this she smiled and said, “ah well it may be nothing, but I’ll tell you something.” Here she smiled broadly and then said, “I am really looking forward to a cup of tea.”
We went to look for Dĩmmĩ to make us some tea, and when this was done we sat in the parlour drinking the rich brew. Serinae sat across from me, both her feet on another chair that she had pulled up for the purpose. With her legs drawn up she rested her tea cup clasped in both hands upon her knees, she had removed her boots and rested her feet upon the cushion of the seat. 
I wanted to see if I could get her to say more, so I asked. “What do you think Seri?” I asked, “you know, about this whole thing.” 
She thought for a few minutes then said, “well Mini, there is a lot more to this than meets the eye is what I think. If the T’Iea’Neat’Thegoran are involved, then this whole thing is becoming very serious indeed. It has been many hundreds of years since the dark brethren have made their presence felt or even allowed themselves to be seen. You can bet that if this is the case then they have planned whatever it is they are up to for a long time, they would only show themselves if they were very sure of whatever they planned becoming a reality. Remember what Solin told us Mini? She suspects that a force has awoken again and that the world is changing, being influenced perhaps by that same force, well what if that force is the T’Iea’Neat’Thegoran or is in some way in league with them or even being directly controlled by them. If this were true then the world is in great peril. But one thing is for sure, Tezrin or someone as yet not known to us may well be sympathetic to the dark T’Iea and as such whether by commercial contract or by personal ambition this person is looking for certain ancient artefacts. Those artefacts may well be the disguised Biplextor devices that the Pnook gave to the Keepers ages ago but what they are used for I do not know. Although I do not pretend to understand their use, it seems to me that the Biplextors can be powerful items, not so much in their own right but as a control for other more powerful things. Perhaps there is a device somewhere that has the power to control everything. From what Héaréa Ĝørtmûnd told us I think this is highly likely.”
“But who could create such a thing, I don’t believe even the Pnook could have done this, otherwise they would have surely used it before now?” I asked.
She remained deep in thought. “Perhaps Mini the elder races all had a part in it. Perhaps combined we had the knowledge to do so. Perhaps this history is lost to us, or hidden. It makes me wonder how the Keepers came to lose such devices in the first place, or perhaps they hid them for some reason, perhaps somehow this secret has come to light and dark forces had found out. The chip that Tezrin had in Scienocropolis, the one that he had modified, it seems to me that it held incredibly powerful information on the nature of the world, and even beyond this world. What if other Biplextors exist that have details within them on how to use this information, or even misuse this information, what if the four were found and somehow the knowledge held within was linked together?” 
I thought about this for a while, I came to the conclusion that if someone, or a group of people could understand these things even partially then they could conceivably wield a power so great that, well I couldn’t even begin to think of the ramifications of holding such a power in one’s hands. 
Serinae answered for me. “Mini to have a complete set of chips would mean that possibly you hold the power of life and death.” Here she paused and then with a shudder whispered, “you may even hold the key to begin to understand the knowledge that only Eny’Nin’Rel himself can comprehend.” She sipped her tea staring into space sadly, “Some things Mini are beyond the scope of our understanding. Some things Mini are better kept secret for the good of all.” 
We both sat in silence for a while.
I had one more thought, “Solin spoke of ancient forces as if some lost and forgotten monster had been awakened, but what if a force or forces had been removed or put to sleep, a balancing force that no longer played upon the world, then maybe what we are seeing is the imbalance that has come about as a result, maybe the Biplextors that we seek are the key to putting everything back into balance.” 
“Or pushing it even further out of balance,” was her reply.
Over dinner when we were all together once again, Serinae and myself aired these views to the remainder of our companions. Discussions followed, but again no conclusion was reached. The only thing we agreed upon was that we needed to recover the Biplextor that Tezrin had, the one in the necklace and any others that may be sought in the hope that the T’Iea’Neat’Thegoran did not get hold of them first. We agreed that the best course of action was that these Biplextor devices be returned to the Keepers for we surmised from Ĝørtmûnd’s tale that they were the original guardians of these items.
So the next step would be to make contact with the Keepers, seeing as they rarely ventured forth into this world we would have to seek them out in their realm of TeraT’Inu’Itil but how to get there we did not as yet understand. If Tezrin was indeed following us, or indeed we were following him, then going to the Keeper’s realm may well lead him there also and along with him we hoped he would bring the Biplextors he had in his possession. Also if Tezrin had somehow managed to access the planar voids, which would have been impossible without the knowledge of the keeper Keys who controlled access, we should at least warn them in case they didn’t know already. There may be a traitor in their midst. 
Łĩnwéé decided he would speak further with Ĝørtmûnd, he went to seek an audience with him the following day. From this meeting Łĩnwéé found out that the only way to reach TeraT’Inu’Itil was to seek passage through the far northern lands occupied and held by the Ognod clans. The Ognods it seemed were supposed to be guardians of a great secret. Guardians of a form of transport that was supposed to connect to the Keeper realm of TeraT’Inu’Itil. It seemed the Ognods although having alienated themselves from the rest of the elder races had some kind of historical relationship with the Keepers. I wondered at this, my immediate thoughts were of suspicion toward the Keepers, what were they doing having possible alliances with the Ognods? A feeling of great dread and unease came upon me at this thought, But I consoled myself and found some dark humour in that yet another seemingly impossible block had been placed in front of us to hinder the task ahead.
I just laughed and said in a resigned manner, “but of course why would anyone make the journey a simple one, no fun in that eh?” But then something else occurred to me, Solin had said once that we needed a member of the Ognod race to complete our company, I hadn’t taken those words seriously at the time, but now somehow her words were becoming disturbingly true. That gave me cause for great concern.
We remained in Gwéldølĩn for several more days. Serinae spent much time with Ĝørtmûnd he had an extensive library apparently and she wanted to use the time to see if any other revelations could be found. I just wanted to enjoy the comforts and friendship offered by the city, for I knew this comfort wouldn’t last.
It transpired that to reach the lands of the Ognod clans we did indeed have to travel north to where apparently there was an isthmus of land some fifteen miles wide at its narrowest point and some one hundred miles long that formed a land bridge between the northern part of Dahl’Ambronis and the mass of land in the far north that was supposedly occupied by the Ognods. The Grûndén had many tall tales of these northern lands, for out of all the elder races the Grûndén had been the only ones, other than the Ognods themselves, to have travelled that far north.
Apparently very few ships sailed so far north, not so much through fear of the Ognods, but more through fear of the massive mountains of ice that floated in the frigid northern ocean. There was also talk of great fish swallowing boats whole, of fish that swam in the ocean who could talk to each other and hunt in packs that were so organised that it was impossible to defeat them because of their intelligence and complete understanding of their environment.
I was in a pub with Łĩnwéé one evening listening to a number of old men who delighted in telling these tales. Łĩnwéé took my arm and said to me, “pay no heed Min, these ‘ere tales they been grossly exaggerated through the years. As far as I know most o’ me people has spent every one o’ there lang years minin’ and never sailed forth on a ship in their lives!”
But all these tall tales seemed to be accurate as to the geography we would be traversing. We were to travel far to the north even to reach the land bridge that spans the continents, then beyond into the Grey Lands, or the Grughanååven as the Grûndén called this desolate area. Then further still we would find the Iron Hills, the Smòlt Erûûn in the Grûndén language. The land of the frozen mountainous wastes, a land of snow bordered by permanent grinding sea ice upon an ocean so cold that it is said you would freeze to death in less than one minute if you were to fall into the waters.
One encouraging thought amongst all this doom and gloom was that at least we were in summer time and the icy places would be slightly less inhospitable. But melting ice brought its own dangers, ice melt may cause flash floods that could wash an unwary traveller to their deaths, or thin ice over a chasm may give way under unsuspecting feet and plunge the hapless traveller to their deaths, or worse trap them deep in a narrow crevasse where they could not climb out and therefore be resigned to a slow death by starvation. By the time I had heard all of this and despite Łĩnwéé’s encouragement, I was not looking forward to the journey ahead one little bit.
I went to speak with Serinae, who I knew had been north from Gwéldølĩn before and had even infiltrated the lands of the Ognods as had Solin of course. Like Łĩnwéé she said not to pay too much heed to the stories the Grûndén tell for her own experiences had been very different. Although she admitted that she had only travelled in summer like we were about to do and had always travelled by sea. Regardless of what tales I had heard of the great dangers of the frigid ocean, the Grûndén it seemed had a small port with several small long ships on the coast. The port was called Ârkrénnøn after the sailor who had established the port. But the sea journey was still perilous and not something to be taken lightly.
However to my great delight and encouragement the first leg of our journey, the travel to the southern end of the land bridge would be an easy one at least. It transpired that the Grûndén had a permanent garrison on this side of the land bridge in the far northern reaches of Dahl’Ambronis, this had been there for many years guarding the crossing between the two continents. The outpost’s main task was to provide an early warning should the Ognods sweep down from the north once more. It seemed that a regiment of Grûndén soldiers were due to travel to the garrison to relieve the regiment that had been stationed there for the last six months. We found out this happened twice a year and as luck would have it we would have an armed escort of two hundred fresh and battle hardened Grûndén to protect us, at least part of the way as far as the southern end of land bridge. This thought cheered me a little.
We prepared for the march north over the next week or so. At least we would not have to carry food or water on this first leg of the journey as the Grûndén regiment would have carts carrying supplies for the journey north. We met with the commander of the regiment before we left, he even said that if we wished we could ride in the carts ourselves to save energy for the harder legs of the journey. I couldn’t believe our good fortune.


 

Chapter 29 The Journey North

Extract from ‘The Hidden Peoples’ by Solin D’Teinde.
From there they continued to seek new sources of mineral wealth. It is recorded by one Egmûûnd Arcstøn in a supply requisition, that the Grûndén had infiltrated as far north as the Grughanååven, showing a growing confidence and boldness in their explorations. But all advancement ended with the coming of the Ognod wars. The Grûndén were forced to abandon their outlying small mining communities in the north because they were difficult to defend and the majority of the population moved back to the Grûndén city beneath the mountain. There they had a stronghold of impenetrable defence that the Ognod hoards never penetrated.
~

We arose early on the day of our departure. All our gear had been gathered and laid out in the entrance hall of Dĩmmĩ’s house the previous evening. The entire retinue of the household were there to see us off it seemed. Dĩmmĩ was fussing around giving orders, insisting that each of us had sufficient bread and cheese to stave off any hunger pangs that may come upon us. We also had water bottles, dried tea leaves, cured meat on which to chew and helpings of what Dĩmmĩ called Tarn Bread, which was a very firm flat sweet cake that once softened in water was supposed to give energy by the plenty.
But there came a time when none of our party or any fussing from Dĩmmĩ could delay our departure any longer. Dĩmmĩ came over to us and said, “now m, friends, dunny stay away from Gwéldølĩn fer too lang, promise me ye’ll return, fo’ m' house will seem empty ‘til that day. Ye look after ye’selves an’ each other, ye hear?” Then with a firm expression and a waving of her finger, “dunny any one o’ ye forget me ye hear, dunny ye make me come alookin’ fo’ ye.” 
At this she wiped a tear from her eye with the sleeve of her tunic.
Serinae went up to her and kneeling grasped her in a long hug and whispered in Dĩmmĩ’s ear, “as if we could forget you. I could no longer erase the memory of you from my mind as I could stop myself breathing this sweet air.”
Dĩmmĩ then went around to each of us in turn and hugged us all. This done she stood back and said, “now be ye gone, afore ye start me acryin’ an’ ablubbin’ again, an’ remember y’ur rooms they be here always as be the welcome of m’ house.” She turned and wiped another tear from her eye as she ushered us out of the door.
We walked down the street and each of us kept turning round to wave one last time at the gathered host of Dĩmmĩ’s household upon the steps of the most welcoming house I had ever stayed in, until we turned a corner and they were lost to our sight.
I don’t remember the route we took; my thoughts were of this fare city, the wondrous time we had enjoyed here, of the hospitality, the fun and the good food. I would come back here at some time I hoped, for it had become like a second home to me. But we made our way back across the chasm that surrounded the city on the little applecarts. I gazed back at that fare place; I couldn’t take my eyes from it. I thought of how I would miss its beauty, I thought how I would miss Dĩmmĩ. Then we passed through the last great pinnacle of rock and fare Gwéldølĩn was lost to my view.
Eventually we arrived to where the regimental company of soldiers were also making ready for the journey north. We joined them in a great hall near to the northern most city gate. The hall was obviously made for this reason as the entire company could fit beneath its high ceiling along with carts and all of their paraphernalia and gear. Many Grûndén were pulling on armour and outer clothing, around them collections of packs and bags, water bottles, weapons, shields and other necessary things made ready for the journey. There was not a lot of talk going on. Several applecarts came in and out of the hall dropping off more sacks and crates. A number of officious looking Grûndén stood around with clip boards checking things as they arrived and asking various officers to sign their paperwork. The Grûndén were a highly organised and disciplined people and they took everything they did very seriously.
Many horse drawn carts were lined up near to the entrance of the hall, as I looked a number of small and very sturdy looking ponies were led through a doorway leading from an adjoining room or hall which I could just glimpse through the opening. It amused me a little to think that the Grûndén also had bred Grûndén sized ponies. These beasts looked very healthy and were obviously a sturdy little breed, much like the Grûndén themselves I mused. They seemed to be just as hairy to, with long manes and tails. Anyway, the pony teams were led to the carts and hitched up ready to leave. All was prepared and without a spoken word or any shouted order the Grûndén regiment started to fall in, six soldier’s line abreast. We were invited to fall into line behind the main body of the company and in front of the carts towards the rear.
When everyone was ready a loud chorus of horns sounded four times, each blast was accompanied by the thump of boots upon rock, the clash of gauntleted hands upon shields and the cry of “AYE!” I noticed Łĩnwéé joining in with this traditional departure, I felt the feeling of comradery from all those in the ranks. Following the fourth and last blast of the horn, with a rhythmic clump of steel shod boots the company started to move forward, those behind marched in unison on the spot until it was their turn to move off.
Almost immediately upon the column being under way a lone voice started to sing. This was quickly taken up by the rest of the company. Some struck armour, or shields with whatever they happened to have in their hands keeping rhythm with the singing. It was a march they sang and although I did not understand any of the lyrics I felt a great pride in that we were part of this well-disciplined company. I thought then what it must have been like to attend an army going into battle many thousands stronger in number than this small company, it really must have been a sight to see first-hand.
Łĩnwéé was beside me marching along, he was in full voice singing along with his fellow countrymen, the look of pride on his face was also infectious, I found myself joining in with the rousing chorus that could be picked up quite quickly. I looked around at the company, helmets, face masks and long hair obscured faces, but eyes shone with an inner fire that could be seen like white-hot coals through the eye slits of their armour.
As we filed out of the preparation hall, we wound our way along a roadway where many had gathered to see us off, cheers went up from what I guessed where family and friends of the members of the departing company. They all waved as they cheered us on our way the noise was deafening. But then we entered the final tunnel that led out of the city, it grew darker as we got onto this road, but before long a glow could be seen in front shining down the length of the tunnel as the outside gate was opened to let us pass out of the mountain home of the Grûndén and back into the outside world once again.
We passed through this gate, not the same one I noticed through which we had entered the fare city so many days before from the south. This northern most gate exited us into a beautiful sun filled morning in the mountains. The air was fresh and had a pleasant chill to it. We marched out of the city into a wide flat valley of alpine meadows a rich green colour interspersed with splashes of colourful wild flowers swaying in the cool breeze. Far in the distance to either side the flat meadows gave way to pine forests that sloped in increasing gradient until they ran up against sheer cliffs that seemed to hang like vast drapes of dark cloth below the snow-capped peaks of the mountains to either side of us.
I saw the Grâumin, Théøndrĩn and his lady Grâumun Frĩthâ with a number of their house guard. They all saluted us as we marched past. Both Théøndrĩn and Frĩthâ in full dress armour with helms under their arms, battle axes across their backs, for one moment I thought they may be joining us on our journey, but no, they were just here to see us off.
So we left Gwéldølĩn the city under the mountain, our journey had at last restarted. My melancholy feelings of leaving the city subsided, for the company of Grûndén extended my love for their city, we were not cast out on our own, I felt we took the city with us somehow.
We marched on most of that day non-stop through the meadows, for the company fed and watered as they marched, they sang a lot of the time, and when they weren’t singing, they told jokes, none of which I could understand and probably a good thing at that. But always before long, one soldier somewhere in the company would raise his voice in song and sing a solo for a verse or two, but always the whole company would join the lone voice and we would be subjected to another rousing Grûndén tune. One time during a lull in the singing I felt an overpowering urge to start singing myself, I remembered a T’Iea marching song that my father had taught me and started to sing it, as I got underway Serinae joined me in the second verse and as before the Grûndén started to bang there shields and breast plates in time to the marching beat. When the song finished there was a rousing cheer from the whole company and I felt my face flush, Serinae laughed out loudly.
Eventually we passed out of the meadows and dropped down into a rocky valley mostly carpeted with course plants like heathers and gorse. All were in flower and the purple and yellow hues looked as beautiful as the flowers in the alpine meadow we had passed through earlier.
Occasionally throughout the journey hunting parties would be sent out to hunt for fresh game, Serinae would sometimes join them if she was asked, which was quite often due to her renowned prowess with her bow and no doubt her skills at tracking game. At time we were invited to sit inside one or other of the carts being pulled by the sturdy little ponies, but I always declined. For one thing the interior of the carts looked quite small and compact and I thought I might get a crick in the neck from the confined space. But mostly I wanted to remain out here with the company. I loved the singing and the general feeling of great friendship that prevailed across the host as they marched.
There seemed to be regular clearings tailor made for the purpose of camping along the route we were taking. I asked Łĩnwéé about these one evening and he explained how these areas had been cleared especially for use by companies that often passed this way. In fact working parties from within our company were dispatched every time we stopped in one of these clearings, firstly to gather wood for the fires but also I found out, to maintain the clearing so that it could be used by other companies going to and from the garrison in the north.
All of these clearings had a crude but sturdy stone walled building with a roof made from the branches of pine trees positioned somewhere within them, and it was into these that the ponies were led every evening to stable. Each pony had an attending stable hand and these would sleep with the ponies in the stables attending to each ponies needs. In this way the little ponies were well looked after and were always fully refreshed, fed and watered in readiness for pulling the carts the following day.
One evening the company commander whose name was Commander Grûénnrĩg came amongst us chatting and joking with his company. He stopped and chatted with us for an hour or so inquiring after our comforts. We thanked him warmly for his companionship on the journey and he in turn thanked us for our entertaining singing and hunting abilities. As he sat with us I asked him about the lands that we were going to travel through north of the garrison. He looked at me and shook his head. Then explained that north of the garrison the trees grew few and growth was mainly stunted bushes of harsh plants with sharp thorns that would tear at the skin if you ventured too close. The narrow isthmus of land that bridged between the continents was much like this. Then beyond the land bridge there lay the northern continent, a desolate wasteland. The Grughanååven. Here it seemed there was no water to be found just pools of noxious chemicals and biting insects that would suck the blood from every vein. Then when this landscape ended it gave way to cold wind blown mountain wastes where nothing grew except for small lichen like growth that huddled close to the ground. Commander Grûénnrĩg called this mountainous region the Smòlt Erûûn, then he said that still further north treacherous ice fields started; although this time of year they would have shrunk sufficiently for them not to bother us much. The only permanent ice in this area was to be found higher in the mountains and in the many massive glaciers that carved their way slowly and unstoppable through the landscape down to the cold black sea water of the northern ocean. He told us that the further north we travelled at this time of year the longer the days would become. Eventually we would find no night time at all, this was the land of the never ending day he said. But in the winter it would become the land of the never ending night. I wondered where in all these barren landscapes being described to us the Ognods made their home if they indeed originated from these parts at all. Maybe the historians had made a mistake and the Ognods came from somewhere completely different. But then I doubted that an army tens of thousands strong and each individual twice the height and size of any T’Iea could be hidden for very long anywhere else in the world. 
After the sixth day of travel we came as usual to another of the wayside clearings. But as we approached, camp fires and the noise of a large company of others could be heard already there. As we approached we could see that in this clearing there stood another company of Grûndén, similar in size and looks to our own company. The more I looked the more I came to the conclusion that this company was identical to ours, the only difference being that these comprised only of Grûndén, no T’Iea, Pnook or human men stood amongst the throng. The wayside clearing here was different in that it was larger than the others we had found and had two brick built building instead of the usual one. As we approached within a certain distance a horn was blown from within our company and we heard a distant retort from another horn in reply.
We were ordered to halt and our commander walked forward with two escorts towards the new company. What I assumed to be the other company’s commander also walked forth with his two escorts and the two groups of Grûndén met half way between the two companies. Our commander took a rolled parchment from a leather tube held by one of his aids, this he gave to the other commanding officer. The parchment was unfurled and read, then the two commanders saluted each other and shook hands warmly whilst clapping each other on the back and shoulder, there was a brief exchange of words, we were too far away to hear anything of what was said, but the two commanders then embraced and a great cheer went up from both companies with a great deal of shield bashing. Thus I assumed we had met with the retiring company our soldiers had been sent to relieve. 
So that night this larger clearing was host to two similar sized companies of Grûndén soldiers all singing and shouting and having a raucous time. I guessed that news was being exchanged and stories told, inevitably a lot of drinking was going on and games of various sorts were being played. These comprised everything from card games played on the remaining trunks of felled trees, to soldiers stripped to the waist wrestling, over which many a wager was lost or won. There was even a strange game called Féttérbòlt, which seemed to comprise of two opposing teams of about twenty, although various other casual players seemed to join and retire at will. But all were stripped to the waist each having either a red or a green cross painted onto their bellies and backs or even across their faces and all chasing a sheep’s stomach fully inflated with ale which was punched, kicked and generally chased after by every member of each team. This must have taken a degree of strength for the full sheep’s stomach must have weighed quite a lot. A great cheer went up every time one or other of the teams managed to place the sheep stomach down onto a designated tree stump onto which had been painted a cross motif, one red, one green. The winning team apparently was the one that managed to place the stomach onto the opposing team’s stump the more times over a designated period. To me it seemed that the winning team was the one that had managed to survive the punching and kicking! This game looked too rough for me, more than once a groaning participant was carried out of the fray with a bloody nose or gash to the head or a limp looking arm that could well have been broken. 
At one stage in the evening I walked over to where the injured Féttérbòlt players were being laid and suitably sedated with large mugs of ale. I offered my services as a healer. At first I was met with much scepticism, but after I had administered successfully to several players they all cheered me as they realised that after being healed they were free and able to re-join the game again!
After a while the game ended for the bloated sheep’s stomach eventually sprouted a leak and deflated back to a limp piece of soft leathery material. The remaining players wandered off mainly in the direction of the ale tent all congratulating each other on their great prowess at the game. A couple of players I recognised as having been healed at one time or another during the game decided it would be a good idea to have me join them in the ale tent. I tried to get out of going, being reminded of the time in Gwéldølĩn when Jon had stayed up to have a social drink with Łĩnwéé and his cronies, but they just became more and more insistent to the point where I felt I had no choice for to do otherwise may well offend them greatly. So off I went much to their delighted cheers. I was beginning to wonder what I was letting myself in for when a soldier still fully dressed in armour came up to my new found companions and me and requested that I followed him, my companions complained bitterly, no doubt disappearing at having their entertainment taken away, but he was most insistent and eventually I was led off towards a cordoned off area of the clearing where I could see Serinae with Łĩnwéé and the rest of our friends in the company of several Grûndén officers including the two garrison commanders.
As I was ushered into the clearing the commander of the company that we had travelled up north with bid me a good evening and introduced me to the other commander who of course commanded the company returning back to Gwéldølĩn. He stood and in Grûndén fashion bowed low.
Serinae then turned to me and said, “hello Mini how was your game of Féttérbòlt?”
I tried to explain that actually I was not playing the game just trying to do my best to rectify the injuries caused by it.
At this both commanders laughed heartily. Serinae went on to explain that the commander of the departing company had some interesting things to report and she wanted us all to hear them to.
The commander was introduced to me as commander Théròun and he began to explain the situation here at the northern garrison over his six-month tour of duty. Firstly, he jovially goaded our commander saying how lucky he was to be doing the summer stretch this term. I learnt later that there were three independent regiments of Grûndén that manned the northern garrison, each regiment taking it in turns to spend six months of each year up here. In this way each regiment had an autumn/winter posting followed by a spring/summer posting with a twelve month break in between back in Gwéldølĩn where they had leave and time with their families. He explained that next winter after our company left, commander Hârrgsòn who was the third commander of the third regiment currently on leave in Gwéldølĩn, would face what was likely to be a hard and troubled time here at the garrison. Our commander Grûénnrĩg, asked him to explain further.
 “Well when we first arrived we discovered that the garrison had lost a patrol o’ soldiers about six weeks before we arrived. They had gone out on a routine patrol north up the land bridge, they were to travel for three days which would have taken ‘em t’ the border o’ the Grughanååven, at the base o’ the Smòlt Erûûn then return t’ the garrison, so a round trip o’ roughly six days in total, but they never returned. We sent other patrols out t’ search fo’ ‘em but no a trace could be found.
“Did you ever find trace of the missing patrol?” I asked.
Commander Théròun shook his head, “nay lass, ne’er a trace has been found t’ this day, and that were over six months ago.”
After a brief period of quiet thought he added, “an’ that’s not all, there be lights in the night sky far t’ the north, these lights be green and blue in colour and extend from horizon to horizon, sometimes if the conditions be right ye can see ‘em from here in the garrison, but they become much more apparent the further north ye go. They look like thick sheets or curtains ahangin’ in the night sky, ne’er still, always shiftin’ about as if blown to and fro by some strong wind.”
“Ah, those are just northern lights,” said Serinae, “they are a natural spectacle, forces of nature due to the arcane magnetic properties of the world at its poles, they are quite harmless.”
At this Théròun frowned at Serinae and said, “my lady I have seen the lights of which you speak many times, I know ‘em well, but they be not normally seen this far south, ne’er before have I seen the northern lights from this garrisons walls. Believe me when I say that these lights o’ which I now speak are nat the northern lights, or if they are then they are a greatly increased version of them with far greater powers involved in their making.”
This was the last thing to be said, for the two commanders took their leave to discuss more private matters and conduct a formal handover of the garrison. So we left and decided that we should get some sleep.
 

Chapter 30 Tent Town

Extract from ‘The Wall of the North’ by Solin De’Teinde
The oceans have receded since ancient times or perhaps the land has risen, for there is now a narrow isthmus of land joining Dahl’Ambronis to the northern continent. Ancient explorers thought that travelling the northern continent may be a short cut to get across the globe to the other side, but they found the hardships of this northern continent too great for any regular or reliable passage.
~

Within a couple of days, the regiment of commander Théròun had departed on their journey back to Gwéldølĩn. Once they had gone we were free to enter the garrison proper, which we had not seen as yet. Our regiment gathered itself together and we marched onward for the final short leg of our journey. It didn’t take long to get to the garrison, just three or four hours, our first sight of it was as we cleared the tree line and came across a small flat grassy plain dotted with large boulders. In the centre of this plain stood a tall stone tower surrounded by a protective stone wall. Surrounding the tower and its wall there was a dirty grey mass; at first I thought the tower may be under siege for smoke billowed up from the grey mass that looked like the dirty makeshift encampment of an attacking army. But the Grûndén regiment did not seem agitated or show any concern. When I asked I was told that around the garrison had grown a hovel of tents and other makeshift buildings.
We moved on down to the plain and marched onward towards our goal. As we got closer I became aware of a pungent smell of ash and burning material, possibly animal dung, mixed with a dank smell a bit like rotten wood and an underlying aroma of what could be nothing else except the contents of an open cesspit. I wrinkled my nose, obviously the temporary status of this town hugging the walls of the fortress in its centre meant that no proper infrastructure had yet been put in place. As we came close to the town a dark ring of debris could be seen surrounding its perimeter. Piles of waste most of which could not be discerned but quite obviously consisted of the rotting refuse of the town was thrown or stacked up around the perimeter. We found ourselves entering the town through a wide gap in this sorry mess, I tip toed through the slurry that ran out from the base of the pile.
We progressed towards the fortress tower along a wide avenue that was obviously kept clear of tents for this very purpose, to allow the easy passing of the garrisons companies. At various places someone, most probably the Grûndén themselves had pounded rock into the ground to try and firm up the roadway. The tower fortress itself could be seen from anywhere within the surrounding township, it towered high into the sky above us. I wondered what the tower had been constructed from, it looked like solid rock, but the Grûndén were miners so I supposed it shouldn’t have been too difficult to mine the raw materials from somewhere reasonably close by. I was surprised to find out later that the Grûndén had actually shipped in the rock to build the tower from the mines near to Gwéldølĩn in an effort to have minimal effect on the surrounding landscape. I smiled at this for the town of tents that now surrounded the fortress tower was far from having minimal impact on this landscape.
There sounded a loud horn call from somewhere towards the front of our column, a responding horn call came from somewhere above us from within the tower. A loud grinding noise could be heard, much like the noise of the great gates of Gwéldølĩn opening and I guessed we were being allowed access into the garrison itself. Before long we were marching through the thick stone walls of the garrison fort and into a vast cobbled courtyard that ran around the base of the tower at its centre. The Grûndén regiment had filed in before us and now stood around the courtyard, we joined them and after a few minutes the gates were again closed. Now I could see the true size of this garrison, it held all the regiment with ease.
I asked a soldier by the side of me who was in the process of removing his helmet and back pack, “what of the tents outside? Who lives in those, but are made to stay outside these walls of protection?”
“Ach, many different peoples be attracted here fo’ many reasons, we do not trust or allow ‘em access into the garrison itself, too much gear has gone amissin’ o’er the years for us to allow ‘em inside. However if ye fear fo’ ‘em should we be attacked, I’m sure that my commander would welcome all into the courtyard fo’ protection.” At this he turned and stretched as if bring life back into his arms and legs after the march.
I turned and saw Commander Grûénnrĩg coming our way; he talked and gestured to his soldiers as he approached. Finally he got to us and welcomed us into the garrison. But he apologised saying that the men were welcome to bed down in the tower with the rest of the regiment but alas there was nowhere for any ladies to sleep inside, all the dormitories where communal, even he had to sleep with his men and there was very little if any privacy to be had inside the garrison tower itself. He suggested we might find accommodation outside the walls in Tent Town, adding that there were reputed to be some T’Iea peoples about and they were sure to welcome us ladies for a night or two, depending of course on how long we wished to stay. I wondered at what we had been told, T’Iea here in the Tent Town? I began to worry about what kind of T’Iea they would be, Tent Town did not seem like an obvious place for any of my people to live within unless they were escaping or hiding perhaps, they may even be members of the dark brethren, for I could not believe any of my kin would inhabit such a bedraggled place as this voluntarily.
Commander Grûénnrĩg finally said that he was going to arrange a patrol to go north in the next couple of days and we were more than welcome to travel with them if we wished, at least as far north as they were going to go. We thanked the commander and after deciding that we should all stay together and gathering all our belongings once more, made to leave the garrison, we said we would consider his offer of travel with the patrol, but just at this moment we had no clear plans about when we would be going north. At this he nodded and bowing took his leave of us and returned to moving around his company passing comments and talking with his soldiers. It was about mid-morning, the sky was clear and the sun although not visible above the perimeter wall of the garrison held the bright promise of a warm day. 
Łĩnwéé was chatting to a Grûndén soldier, who he introduced as Øgrén, another old friend of his; apparently they used to be in the same quadrant of household guard back in Gwéldølĩn. He said he wished to stay and chat for a while and would find us later. I suspected that this would probably be sometime the following morning. One thing I had learnt about Grûndén society was that if one or two old friends got together then the resulting period of social eventing would normally last at least twenty four hours, and encompass at least one nights intrepid tasting of the local ales. The Grûndén seemed to call this social activity something incomprehensible, they refused to translate for me, but by their gestures and jovial laughter it seemed to involve some possibly crude reference to a natural bodily function caused by excess drinking of liquids. But these were a great people, fun to be around, faithful in friendship, full of life, and no matter how worse for wear they were after a heavy drinking bout, always very effective with an axe in battle. So my remaining four companions and I set out for the Tent Town to try and find somewhere to stay the night. 
A haze consisting of a mix of wood smoke and cooking fumes hung above Tent Town as we strode through the place. The overarching smell of the place remained one of a more ‘organic’ nature. There was a constant noise around us made up of all manner of things, from stock animals of all sorts and descriptions, but mostly it seemed from the owners of various stalls and the like, for each shouted at us to get our attention and hopefully our coin in exchange for the various wares they sold. Some of these owners were unrecognisable as any particular race, they had all seemed to have become the standard looking denizens of Tent Town, no matter what race you belonged to, being in Tent Town demanded that you took on a look of a mix of vagrant and thief. The standard dress code for the place seemed to be long rags that may have once been a cheap woollen cloak. All were tattered and torn from the bottom to about halfway up and caked in mud and other unsavoury substances. If any colour existed in the cloth it was long ago covered and ground out by the grime of this place. Some people kept the hoods of their cloaks up over their heads, some did not. I wondered if the ones that did not considered themselves to be the more handsome of the populous, but these had dirty grubby faces, some had scars, one or two I saw had ears missing, even eyes missing, one we passed by was sitting down he had dirty rags tied around his head and covering both his eyes, or maybe where his eyes once were, he detected our passage somehow though and stood with an outstretched hand begging for coin or food. 
But no one else seemed to take much notice of our passing except for the occasional hawker trying to sell us something or other whilst walking amongst the throng of people. At some time all the tents and makeshift buildings had been placed in lines and many passages and alleyways ran through and across our path as we walked. I was thankful that this was summer and the rains or snow had not come, I could just imagine when these streets became wet they would quickly become a knee-deep mire of mud, animal waste and mashed up vegetation. 
Just then I heard a child’s shout and turning I saw Teouso gripping the arm of a small figure. Teouso had a snarl on his face, he reached down and pulled the hood from the head of the figure he had hold of, this revealed the grubby features of a small child, no older than five or six years I guessed, I was horrified to see a great anger burned in the child’s eyes as he shouted incomprehensibly at Teouso whilst he kicked at the human’s shins with bare feet. I was about to insist that Teouso release the poor boy or maybe girl, for it was difficult to tell, when he reached down with his other hand and grabbed the other arm of the child. This he pulled out from under the child’s rags. To my surprise the child held one of Teouso’s stilettos in his hand. Teouso’s face again projected a silent snarl and the child dropped the stiletto and tried to run but Teouso would not let him go. Serinae placed a hand on Teouso’s shoulder and reaching down picked up the weapon from the ground, she smiled at Teouso and made to hand him his stiletto, he took one look at Serinae and then one look at the child. He let the child go suddenly; the poor thing fell backwards onto the ground and then began to quickly reverse away from Teouso as rapidly as possible using a kind of crab-like backwards crawl. Teouso bent slightly yet another snarl upon his features showing the child his broken teeth. The child shot up from where he lay and making what I assumed to be a rude gesture ran off into the crowd. Teouso took the stiletto and returned it to his belt and we resumed our walk down the street. Those who had been watching these events with mild interest turned back to whatever they had been doing earlier and we became disregarded for the most part once again.
Suddenly Jondris then asked us to halt and pointing to a tent that was larger than most said, “look there is a tavern of some kind; perhaps we can find advice on where to stay the night.”
The tavern, which it could only be loosely called, had its front and side panels lifted up and tied back. Inside were rows of trestle tables and benches, at the back of the tent lay a kind of bench that formed a kind of bar that ran the length of the place. Here were several people obviously serving and behind them were a number of barrels laying on their sides from which various kinds of liquids could obviously be poured. Also an open cooking fire and a beehive oven for bread and the like. I supposed that most of the liquids were ales of some sort. In the centre of the tent was a large stone built hearth with a roaring fire over which was a metal spit like structure. Cooking on the spit was the carcase of some large animal, a deer or a boar perhaps, the spit was being turned by a little girl not much older than nine or ten years of man, she stood upon a wooden crate turning the handle. As I watched she reached up and slid her long straggly hair behind her ear. I saw to my surprise that she had the long ears of a T’Iea.
I nudged Serinae and gesturing towards the girl with my eyes whispered, “Seri, look she’s an T’Iea.”
Serinae looked and returning my gaze said, “so she is.”
I looked at Serinae and was about to say something further about one of our kin being in this forsaken place when Serinae whispered in my ear, “so is he.” 


Chapter 31 Narny

Extract from ‘Collected Poems and Songs’ by Solin De’Teinde
Nare so well a Mother’s care
Can any other true compare
True and greatest of all treasure
Her heart to you beyond all measure
In birth a piece of her was given
Carry this for all days striven
She will give to you her all
In this alone you’ll never fall
She will tend you as you grow
Her love the greatest that you’ll know
Give her life freely for you
Yet never ask a thing in due.
But depart from her all must do
In parting alas break her through
Your love will trip to another
But remember always, she, your mother.
~

I looked towards where Serinae was nodding and there behind the bar was another T’Iea, a male who looked just as dirty as any other of the beings in the tent. We made our way to an unoccupied table and sat down. I continued to look at the T’Iea bar tender in disbelief, all my people I had ever known took pride in how they presented themselves, but I was willing to make an exception, looking around me at this dirty forsaken place I realised it must be difficult if not impossible to maintain a standard over the years of living here. I wondered if this T’Iea may be of the dark brethren and was preparing myself for the disappointment if he was. But then I felt my heart tug as I again spied the poor little urchin of a girl standing turning the spit. She was looking at us, I caught her eye and she immediately gave a big smile, I couldn’t help but smile back, under all that grime and dirt there could be seen bright white teeth along with a true T’Iea character I just knew it.
Eventually I was alerted to a presence behind us and turning there stood the T’Iea male who had been behind the bar, he said, “many a welcome friends, especially to my lady kin folk, we don’t get many of our kind here, it is a pleasure to see you as it is a pleasure to see the rest of your party.” 
I stared at him, he was a handsome fellow, despite his long dark greasy hair tied into a pony tail at the back of his head, his striking blue eyes smiled at me.
Before I could stop myself I asked, “is the little girl anything to do with you?”
He turned and looked at the child turning the spit and shouted across the tent to someone behind the bar, “hey Fridot, come here and take over from Narny for a minute will you.”
At this request a tall gangling human youth looked up from behind the bar and nodding came around the front wiping his hands on his dirty apron, he took the spit handle from the girl and at a wave from the T’Iea male she jumped off the crate she had been standing upon and bounced over to his side and said in a sweet high voice, “yes poppa what do you want?”
‘Poppa’ I thought, my goodness this is his child, but then why not, they are both T’Iea. Before I could say or do anything Serinae pushed her chair back and stood, she said, “thank you for your welcome, my name is Serinae.”
Then she introduced each of us in turn, we each bowed our heads as our names were said. 
He then bowed and said, “welcome again to the Fighting Cock Inn, I am the landlord here my name is Iolrreas T’Gorri’ille and this is my daughter Nar’Allia, but you can call her Narny, we all do.” 
Narny hopped from one foot to the other in excitement. I laughed out loud and went to shake her hand. “Hello Narny, I am very pleased to meet you.”
At this Narny giggled and made a perfect curtsey. “My Lady Minervar.”
This made me smile, her manners were impeccable and I could sense that she had been raised well even in these appalling conditions.
We gave our choice of food orders to Iolrreas who repeated them back to us to make sure he had it right then turned to prepare the food and drinks. Narny stayed with us she was very inquisitive about our clothing and what we carried, she seemed to take a shine to Teouso, who also seemed to like the attentions of the child, he smiled broadly and larked about playing hand games with her, she was giggling as she tried to slap his outstretched hand with hers before he could move it away. I’m sure he let her win most of the time much to her great delight. 
Soon Iolrreas returned with our orders and set the food and drinks down upon the table, he said, “Narny, come, let these good folks eat in peace.” 
Teouso gently ruffled Narny’s hair as she made to skip away. 
“Iolrreas,” said Serinae, “will you join us while we eat, I would welcome talking with you about this place and if you wish we can impart such news as we have from our home land.” 
Iolrreas thanked Serinae and pulled up a chair. We spent a pleasant few hours talking and refreshing ourselves at the inn, the food was very good and even though the surroundings were a little shabby, the mugs, plates and utensils we used were immaculately clean. Narny returned at some time during the meal and sat on her father’s lap listening to all that was being said.
Towards the end of the meal Serinae asked Iolrreas if there was a place that we could all stay the night.
He smiled and said, “you must stay with us, my home is at the back of the Inn, there is plenty of room if you don’t mind close company, but the ladies can take Narny’s room and she can sleep with me in my room, I’ll move her bed there.”
Narny looked a little disappointed and said, “awe poppa can’t I sleep with Serinae and Minervar in my room?”
Iolrreas looked at her and said, “I’m sure that our guests would prefer some privacy Narny,” 
But I looked at Serinae and judging by the expression on her face I said, “not at all, us ladies must stick together, I’m sure we would be honoured to join you and sleep in your fine room, we are indebted to you for your hospitality.” 
At this Narny clapped her hands together with glee, and ran off, but before getting too far she turned and said, “oh forgive me, but I must be off and get things ready.” 
We all laughed, Iolrreas was smiling broadly, he said, “I thank you, it has been a long time since she has had female company especially that her own people let alone two.” 
“Oh,” I said, “what of her mother?” 
Iolrreas looked sadly at me and said, “my wife has been dead these years past, Narny has been without a mother for a long time, in fact I think she hardly remembers her.” 
“Oh,” was all I could say, “I’m so sorry Iolrreas.” 
“That’s alright,” was the reply, “how could you know, it’s just that Narny has missed the company of a mother I’m sure these past years.” 
Serinae then said, “don’t worry we will have a great time this evening.”
At this Iolrreas departed our table with a smile and a nod saying that when Narny returned he will tell her to lead us to his home where we could settle in at our leisure.
This we did, Narny came back and smiling excitedly she asked us to follow her. We all left the inn by a side flap and going around the back were led down a narrow alley between the rear of the tents. Soon we came across a wooden shack. I wondered what was here first, the shack or the tents, but decided that the tents must have been a later feature as they quite obviously had been put up with the attention of giving the shack a clear space. There was a garden of sorts surrounding the place with a bordering fence, mostly vegetables grew there in neatly laid out plots, but also some wild flowers which I recognised as being the same as many we had passed during our journey up from Gwéldølĩn. The door was open I was surprised to see there was not a lock in sight and Narny lead us inside.
A warm fire burned on the hearth and a tear ran down my cheek for what I saw was a simple T’Iea home, exactly like the home I had grown up in, typical furniture graced the room and simple tapestries and ornaments were placed with care in places, some both ornamental and functional some just for the pleasure of being able to see them and hold them. As was traditional a longbow hung above the fireplace with a quiver of arrows, all the usual paraphernalia of a T’Iea family was present and it made my heart both sad, but also leap for joy. We settled in to await the return of Iolrreas and removed our outer garments and other gear that we did not need here, at least not for the immediate future in this homely and welcoming place. 
The men sat down in various places around the room and Narny begged Serinae and myself to come and see her room. So we excused ourselves and followed her through one of two doors in the rear wall of the main room where we entered. Inside we found a quite large room with a small bed in one corner; a warm fire glowed in the hearth an earthy smell told us that the fuel was most probably dried animal dung. A number of earthenware vases of varying shapes and sizes held bunches of flowers. The walls were covered in pictures and tapestry’s depicting forest life, hunting, pictures of different trees, I walked around the room and there I came across a small painting of a T’Iea maiden, fine featured, a bright smile upon her lips and her hair gathered back around her ears. She was sitting upon a wooden bench, at her feet a cloth was laid over the grass on which was displayed various wooden bowls of fruit and other foods, these were exotic looking and I didn’t recognise any of them. The surrounding trees I also didn’t recognise they were big leafed growths, lianas hung from them and big blooms of exotic flowers could be seen, in fact the woman had such a flower tucked into her hair behind her ear. Some memory sparked into life, I wondered at this because apart from the woman the scene itself was not familiar to me, but I felt I had seen something like it before. My eyes strayed further across the picture, a bottle of wine was also there and two filled glass goblets. A longbow, the same one I noticed that hung in the main room upon the wall, was leaning against the back of the wooden bench upon which the maiden sat. I took the picture off of its peg on the wall to see it better. Serinae stood beside me to take a look at the picture I held. 
I had to ask, “Narny, is this your mother?” 
“Yes,” was the reply.
She didn’t seem too bothered about the reminder. So I asked further, “Narny, do you remember her?”
Narny kind of wrinkled her nose as if concentrating and said, “no not really, I remember a face looking at me, but not really a lot about her, I do remember the songs she used to sing to me though.”
Suddenly Narny burst into tears and running to where we stood cast her arms about our legs and sobbed. Serinae crouched down and taking Narny in her arms she cradled her and rocked her until the little girl settled down. Serinae whispered in her ear soothing words, I felt a little guilty that we may have caused memories to have returned to Narny, but they would have been good memories I’m sure. 
Then Serinae said to me, “Mini why don’t you go and get our little bard friend from my pack and perhaps we can enjoy a special little treat.” 
So I stepped out from the room and gathering Serinae's back pack from the ground went to take it back into Narny’s room, Jondris stood when I entered and asked if everything was ok, I nodded at him with a smile. I returned to Narny’s room and stood the little statue on a bedside table and soon we were jigging and reeling around the room hand in hand the three of us leading a merry dance. Then I noticed that the door to the room was slightly open and a number of pairs of eyes could be seen through the crack, I smiled to myself and nodded to Serinae who had obviously also seen the spies. The next time we spun close to the door I let go of both Serinae’s and Narny’s hand and grasping the door latch pulled the door open. With a shout Jondris, Teouso with Tnie on his shoulders and finally Iolrreas all tumbled into the room and landed in a heap upon the floor. At first there was silence apart from the odd groan from one of the men now lying entangled upon the wooden boards, but then a clear and bright peel of laughter rang out, it was Narny she was having a fit of hysterical laughter. Soon all of us had succumbed to the infectious noise and we were all laughing loudly and freely as if we would never stop. My sides were hurting and tears of laughter ran down my face in streams. 
Finally, we all managed to compose ourselves. Iolrreas swept up his daughter into his arms and gave her a big hug, he then spoke to us and just said, “thank you, from the deepest realms of my heart, thank you.” 
We all returned to the main room leaving Iolrreas with Narny alone. 
Jondris shut the door as he was the last one out, we sat in thought not talking, not wanting to break the silence of the house.
After fifteen minutes or so the door to Narny’s room was opened and Iolrreas entered the main room alone, I guessed Narny was asleep. There were not many chairs so some of us sat upon the floor, a roaring fire was going in the hearth and it all felt very cosy. 
When we were all seated Iolrreas said, thank you once more. Narny can’t stop talking about you two, she is very excited, but she has fallen asleep. He smiled. But soon his smile was wiped from his face to be replaced by a deep frown.
“How long have you lived here?” I had to ask. “Forgive me for saying so, but it isn’t the nicest of places, it looks to be quite dangerous. Why don’t you travel back to the great wood, go south to Gel’Te’Ertenya and live amongst the rest of our people?”
Iolrreas still frowning looked at me. But his features resolved themselves into a faint smile. “Tent Town has its dangers yes, but I made sure that the people of Tent Town see us through respectful eyes. Even though they see us as harmless, let’s just say I have not dissuaded an aura of controlled danger about us and our home. I have a few tricks that have persuaded the populous in general to see us as people not to be messed with. But that is another story. But please tell me a little of yourselves and your reason for being here. Then perhaps I will share other things about us and tell you more.”
I was a little taken aback, but then we were the visitors here in his home so it was only right that he should be granted further knowledge about us to settle his own thoughts especially as he was probably looking out for the safety of his daughter and his belongings. So we told him of the journey we had made so far and the reasons behind our journeying to the north. He listened occasionally nodding his head as if understanding some point or other within the tale. When we came to the part about seeking the Ognods and from there the likely hood of trying to find the Keepers realm he became very interested and asked questions about what we sought from both these peoples. 
Finally, he nodded seemingly coming to a decision about something, he stood and crossing the room went behind a curtain that hung there, when he came back he was holding something in his hand, it looked like a disk of some black dark ebony wood highly polished with runes carved into its surface. In fact it looked like a similar wood to that which Serinae’s bow was made from. This intrigued me. He walked across to the table in the centre of the room and bid those of us that were seated on the floor to stand and approach the table. When we could all see the table top he placed the wooden disk onto the table and released it with a deep heartfelt sigh. He held his hand over the disk and uttered some words then he stood back and sat down on a small wooden stool besides the fire. We all looked at the object, it was indeed a round wooden disk, but as we watched a crack appeared around the circumference and the top half started to hinge upwards like a pocket watch until when fully opened we gasped collectively at what had been revealed. There was a small hollow in the wood and sitting in its centre was a chip, a Biplextor chip. Many of us took a sharp breath at what was revealed. No one attempted to pick up the disk. But Jondris turned to Iolrreas and said, “how did you come by this?” 
Iolrreas had his head in his hands, he looked up at Jondris and said, “it is a long story my friend, one that I think you may find difficult to believe, but never the less I will tell you. All I ask is that each of you remains quiet until the tale is ended. I wish to tell the tale once only, for now I relinquish the object to you and I feel a great weight has been lifted from me.” At this he picked up the chip and held it out for someone to take. Serinae eventually lent forward and took it, she secreted it away somewhere in her back pack.
Iolrreas sat heavily upon a chair and sighed. He then began his story. “Many years ago I lived in K’Reselnare,” he paused and sighed, “too many years ago. I was an artisan trained and skilled in making fine furniture, wood workings and the like. I was apprentice to one of the larger artisan family joinery’s. I was happy and enjoying life to the full. Then I met my future wife, she had travelled to the city with her family from a place I had not heard of, but in those days the T’Iea were many in the world and we had many dwelling places across Dahl’Ambronis, our people were forever coming to K’Reselnare from across the continent for the city prospered in those times and was the major place for all kinds of commerce. My wife’s family made many visits to the joinery shop where I worked to discuss and order various items of furniture, for it seemed that the father was to resettle in a new city the location of which he would not divulge. This made me very curious, and while the father and mother discussed business with my employer I found myself talking to their daughter, initially I was trying to find out the mystery as to where the family was moving, but she said she didn’t know. But as we spoke we found we had much in common, I found myself captivated by this maiden, and after a number of such meetings, I was sure that she felt the same way about me. So our daily discussions expanded to a multitude of different things and we fell deeper and deeper in love. In the back of my mind I felt a dread that once business had been concluded she would leave with her family and not knowing where she was going would mean that I would never see her again. So we decided that because of the way we felt for each other we would approach her father and mother to explain our feelings for each other and hope against hope that they would be sympathetic and a solution would be found to our dilemma. I knew her father and mother quite well from dealing with them at the joinery, they liked my work very much and I was to make much of the furniture that they had ordered. So this made me feel more confident about speaking with them.
We arranged that we would all meet at the inn where the family was staying and have a meal together, the point being that a detailed discussion about the carvings on the furniture could be made. This was done and as the evening wore on the atmosphere became friendly and relaxed. I chose a moment and seeking confirmation from my future wife, who nodded in agreement I broached the subject about Eath’Ery, for that was the fair maidens name. I explained with Eath’Ery at my side how we felt about each other and we cast our future happiness into the hands of Eath’Ery’s parents. To our great surprise and relief both parents clapped their hands in joy and said that they had hoped something like this would happen, for they saw the great love with which we had been blessed and had great faith in the growing relationship. I can’t remember much more about that evening it was filled with a euphoric feeling of great happiness, all I can remember is the look of joy on Eath’Ery’s face as we both contemplated the blessing of being able to share each other’s presence for the remainder of our lives. I went home very happy that evening full of joy without a care in the world. 
We met again the following morning at the joinery. This meeting also involved my employer as it was to be the final meeting before the family left to go to wherever it was they were headed. After business was discussed the subject of our betrothal came up and after much discussions it was decided that after the family left I was to remain here at the joiners to complete the furniture order and on the appointed date the family would send a guide to meet me and together we would deliver the furniture and I would be reunited with Eath’Ery so that we could be married and I would be welcomed into the family to live with them. Well you can imagine the excitement I felt, I worked day and night sometimes without sleep to make sure I was able to complete the furniture order and to make sure it was ready for the arrival of the guide and our journey to deliver the furniture.
I was sad at leaving K’Reselnare it was the only home I had ever known, but the anticipation of a new life was exciting. I was sure that I was well prepared to either seek employment at another joinery or start my own business wherever it was I was going to live with Eath’Ery. The day came and sure enough the guide arrived. He was a strange fellow, he wore a long cloak at all times in public and always had a hood pulled up and over his head. I didn’t think any further on this as I was far too excited with the prospect of being reunited with my betrothed. Well the wagon on which the guide arrived was loaded up with all of the furniture and we departed. That journey I can tell you was the strangest I had ever made. We travelled roads that I would never be able to find again, most of them I now know for sure were not even in this world. You may think me deranged for what I am saying, scoff at me as if I am mad, but it is true. But eventually it didn’t matter because after passing yet another bridge to another world we arrived at the place where my beloved Eath’Ery waited for me.
At this he fell silent and awaited our questions.
Serinae spoke, “Iolrreas, we also know of these places, although we have not yet travelled in this manner, but it is inevitable that we should do so before long. I suspect that the name of the place you lived with Eath’Ery was TeraT’Inu’Itil?”
Iolrreas looked at Seri and nodded his confirmation and said, “yes, the city of the Keepers, the ones you seek.”
Serinae continued, “I feel it is no accident that we have met you, you’re giving us the Biplextor has proven such. You looked like a great weight had been lifted off your shoulders when you placed the Biplextor on the table. Please tell us a little more about the reasons for you being in this place and the role you so clearly had been charged with?” 
At this Iolrreas went on to explain that Eath’Ery’s family were one of many family’s that had been invited to live in TeraT’Inu’Itil as T’Iea representatives in that place, in fact all the elder races were represented there. The Keepers spoke of ancient times when something called the Compendium of Races existed, history had forgotten the exact details but there were records held by the Keepers that suggested at one time all the elder races were much closer, they were close allies and were supposed to have all lived within one vast city. Although the Keeper’s records did not state where this city was or why it seemed to have been abandoned. But something happened and the elder races were split, all choosing to live in a different part of the world after abandoning the great city.
One day shortly after Narny’s third birthday, he had received a request from the Keepers counsel to undertake a task. Iolrreas and his family were to return to this world and live in an isolated place where they were to be custodians of an ancient artefact. He was told that eventually a company would come to take the artefact he was to wait their arrival in this isolated place where it would be easier to hide the artefact away from others who would seek it. In the meantime he was to keep the artefact hidden in great secrecy and ensure that it did not fall into the hands of any others. 
A great sadness came over his features. “We were assigned a Keeper guide to enable our return back from TeraT’Inu’Itil, we used a similar method of travel to return. But something went wrong. We ended up back in the world in a different place than that intended. We came back into a temple in the far north, in the lands of the Ognods. As we exited the gateway a number of Ognod guards were waiting for us, it was as if they expected us, they attacked immediately we came through the Keepers portal. Our Keeper guide was killed immediately, so escape back through the route we had come was impossible. Eath’Ery shot an Ognod before they could turn their attentions upon us and we managed against all odds to escape the temple. But we were pursued. It soon became apparent that we had no chance of outrunning the Ognods, so Eath’Ery stood her ground firing arrows. Three more were hit before they were upon us, Eath’Ery threw her bow and quiver at me and drew her sword. I am an artisan not a fighter, there was little I could do. She kissed us both quickly and turning ran to attack our pursuers. That was the last I saw of her. I had to flee to protect Narny.” He choked and tears flowed down his face. “I don’t know where Eath’Ery found her resting place, I don’t know where her she is laid to rest. But I am sure that the Ognods knew we were coming, I am also sure that they wanted to get hold of that very item you now have. I have thought about these events many times in the years we have been here. I am convinced that we were betrayed by someone, I am further convinced that the betrayal originated in the city of the Keepers. Be careful if you go there, all is not right, of that I am sure.”
I found myself crying with Iolrreas, I held him close. This man’s wife had paid the ultimate sacrifice to save him and her daughter, I said a prayer in her honour.
After a time he seemed to come around. He thanked me. He then continued his story. He told of many days of hard travel. He did not see any Ognods on pursuit so he assumed that Eath’Ery’s sacrifice was not in vain. The first sign of civilisation he came across was the Grûndén tower that still stands here to this day. He was welcomed in by the Grûndén, they fed him and Narny and returned them to full fitness after their ordeal. Eventually he had with the aid of the soldiers built this wooden cabin in which they could live. Over the year’s people passed this way, some stayed on and this is how Tent Town had sprung up around his cabin. 
I made my way to Narny’s room and left the others to chat for a while longer, there in the candle light I took up the picture of Narny’s mother Eath’Ery, I thought of her bravery, her sacrifice. She had paid a great price. I couldn’t help feeling that equally we may all pay equally as dearly before this may end. Of the place in the picture it must be TeraT’Inu’Itil, and I knew we were destined to find ourselves there before long. I replaced the picture and turning bent over Narny’s gently sleeping form and kissed her upon her forehead. I extinguished the candle and lay upon one of the temporary beds that had been laid out upon the floor and went to sleep.
 


Chapter 32 Through the Grughanååven and the Smòlt Erûûn

Extract from ‘The Wall of the North’ by Solin’De’Teinde.
Firstly, a traveler would come to a place where chemicals and other noxious substances normally found deep within the earth seep up to very near the surface. As a result these chemicals have managed to flow out into the light of day poisoning the air, water and ground for miles around. Few have travelled further north, but it said here the land grows cold and sterile. Some say that beyond this hellish land lie the frozen wastes, a wide-open tundra, permanently frozen, so this Wall of the North is not a high barrier, not a stone wall erected by some race of beings, but still a barrier to travellers none the less.
~

We stayed with Iolrreas and Narny for several days, we discussed much, I spent a lot of time talking with Iolrreas and playing with Narny, it felt like a great relief to have this diversion from the task that we were yet to face. But all too quickly the day of our departure came. That morning I found Narny’s small hand seek out mine as we left Iolrreas’s home and walked back to the Fighting Cock inn for breakfast. Here Łĩnwéé finally met up with us. He was more subdued than usual and his blood shot eyes told many tales, but we did not goad him or poke fun at him for there was a sombre mood in the tent that morning and when it came to saying our goodbyes I found my heart was full of stones and a lump was in my throat that I could not swallow. Narny had a big hug for each of us, and I found my hands being clasped in both Iolrreas’s, his eyes had a slightly questioning look about them as he looked deeply into mine. His grip was comforting and I didn’t want him to let me go, but he finally dropped his gaze and said, 
“I am so pleased to have met you Minervar, you have been a tonic for Narny, and for me as well. I pray to the Father of All that he will allow us to meet again.”
At this he released my hands and stepped back, then grasping Narny’s shoulder from behind he held her in front of him.
That was my last memory of them, Iolrreas and his daughter Nar’Allia both waving at us as we left Tent Town behind. I blinked and in that moment I was sure I saw a T’Iea woman standing by their side, just for an instant in time, I recognised the woman, for her picture hung in Narny’s room. The figure was smiling at me, she seemed to nod in affirmation of something. But then she was gone. I was tempted to return to the two figures that remained, give them the assurance of what I thought I had seen, but something held me back.
The remainder of the day saw us walking in silent anticipation of what was to come, although none of us could see into the future, we all felt more than a little anxious at the prospect of walking the northern lands. We were alone once again, finally gone were the comforts of recent weeks, the anticipated dangers were now in the forefront of my mind as I knew they would be eventually. I found myself wishing that we had taken up Commander Grûénnrĩg’s offer of traveling with his patrol, but I had enjoyed our lingering with Iolrreas and Narny for longer than we anticipated. Yet there was something else keeping me there, I felt a great emotional bond to both Narny and Iolrreas, I wanted to stay with them as long as possible. It had felt strange to see two of my people there in that place, although they seemed reasonably happy, I felt they should be back in Gel’Te’Ertenya although I would not have the audacity to insist on such a thing. I couldn’t help but feel a sense of wrongness somehow in their situation. I made up my mind to be thankful for the time we had with them and I prayed to the Father of All that he would keep them both safe, and by his will we would indeed be reunited once again during happier times.
So it was we eventually found ourselves at the northern most tip of Dahl’Ambronis. We stood at a low point in the terrain, a small stream ran across at this lowest point, the water a brown and peaty colour trickled across our path. The surrounding lands were damp and dismal, a land of peat bogs and moss, course grass that would cut the skin of the unwary and dark boulders of rock, a land completely devoid of trees or any other growth taller than my waist. The effect of the sadness of the land seeped into our very souls, dampening spirits, chilling the bones. It was if a warning had been given us to go no further and indeed we all stood their silently, not one of us wanting to be the harbinger of the order to move forward.
But as if to shake us from a dream, Łĩnwéé stepped over the stream and said, “Ach, well there ye have it, I now be stood upon the northern lands, no longer in the lands o’ me people. Seems such a small thing, this ‘ere wee burn be all that divides home from ………” His voice trailed off as if he had no words for what lay within the lands on which he now stood.
I looked at his feet, the terrain looked the same that side of the stream as it did on my side yet I to felt a deep foreboding at taking my next step for then I also would be gone from the lands of my ancestors. We stood there quite unwilling to be the first to join Łĩnwéé across the other side.
But Jon shrugged and said, “Well, sooner we get across, the sooner we will be coming back.”
So with one small physical step, yet one very large mindful leap, we all crossed onto the northern land that bridged between the continents. 
This region of the world was not really known to the T’Iea or to humans, our peoples seldom travelled further north than the lands the Grûndén called their homeland, Grûndén Hølm, Grûndén of course being their name for themselves and Hølm meaning home. Because the T’Iea never crossed this isthmus they did not know of the northern lands and thus have no name for that region. According to Łĩnwéé at one time the Grûndén regularly explored there in the hope that the region was rich in mineral deposits. Łĩnwéé told me that they explored far into the Grûghanââven, right up into the foothills of the Smòlt Erûûn. Despite their name the hills didn’t contain any mineral wealth or anything of value to them, but they did discover to their dread the race of Ognods. When I asked why then did they call the hills ‘iron’, the reply was that the Grûndén believed that’s where the Ognods originated from and because the Ognods struck with an iron fist and marched with iron shod boots, hence the name. 
It was to take us about four days to traverse this long narrow isthmus of land, weather permitting. The first few days we walked up a slight incline which saw us leaving the dampness of the moorlands behind and instead we trod a relatively dry path of scrub, mainly a tough thick grass that grew in large tussocks, a seed pod grew high above the rest of the plant on a stiff stem, every now and again a cracking sound could be heard as these pods split and disgorged their contents explosively. The air was filled with the fine diaphanous fibres of the seeds. But eventually these gave way to other plants and we did indeed find the thorny bushes of which Commander Grûénnrĩg spoke and we soon learnt to give them a wide birth. We fed mostly upon a bird about the same size as a chicken that lived in the scrub, Serinae called them Coackali, and she was very adept at shooting them out of the air as they tried to flee from us. The hapless fowl would cry out with a clicking-clucking noise and fly from the coarse undergrowth in which they were very well camouflaged. They would have been better staying put on the ground where we would most probably have passed them by unseen, but no, they high-tailed it away from us when anyone reached within a few metres of where they roosted. On one such hunting spree Jondris flushed a group of Coackali and Serinae took aim and fired, as usual the arrow pierced the bird and it tumbled to the ground. But when we approached the area where we thought it had dropped, we were dismayed for we were unable to find any trace of it. Then we caught site of a beautiful fox, her new summer coat shining golden in the sun and her brush trailing behind her almost the same length as her body, she quite obviously had our quarry in her mouth because Serinae’s arrow was still embedded in the bird, the Fox gave us a long stare with large bright eyes and then scampered away. 

Serinae laughed and said, “well, not only do we feed ourselves but someone else’s family to.” 
On another occasion we had come quite close to the Northern Trad Ocean on the western side of the isthmus. I wanted to see the ocean once again so we all agreed to take a slight detour heading slightly further west than we had been and eventually coming to a point along the coast high on the cliff tops. I gasped as I looked out over the edge of the cliffs. We must have been a good five hundred metres above the ocean. But here this northern ocean looked very different from the fond memories I had as a child and even those of a few weeks back in the Bay of Driscal. Here the waters were black and deep and very inhospitable looking, not at all like the beautiful azure blue off the coast of Amentura. I shivered looking down at the forbidding sight. Five metre high swells spread across the ocean’s surface, the waves crashed relentlessly against the base of the shear basalt cliffs the jet black rock face going vertically down and where they entered the water just kept right on going vertically into the dark cold water, it made me shiver. No beach or any kind or sloping ground could be seen, fall accidently into these waters and there was no way to get out again, the dark waters would embrace you in a slow cold death. I shivered at the thought. But the vertical cliff faces themselves had many small alcoves and shelves etched into them and what looked like millions of sea birds roosted within these places, so many in fact that the cliffs almost looked white in places there were so many nesting birds. 
Łĩnwéé then said, “aha, can we tak’ a wee break in our journey? If we do I can promise ye it will be worthwhile and very rewardin’ t’ the stomach.”
We all thought this would be a good idea as spit roast Coackali, smoked Coackali, cold Coackali and Coackali soup was getting to be a little monotonous. So we made camp upon the cliff top and once settled Łĩnwéé stripped off all his armour and weaponry and even took off his boots and other foot coverings. He retrieved a coiled rope from his gear and indicated that he was going to climb down the cliffs. Cleverly he made a loop through which he could pass his arms and hang quite safely under his armpits, then if he shuffled the loop down beneath his backside he could sit quite comfortably, he then made a further loop with a slip knot that he positioned around each thigh. I guessed that if through bad fortune he slipped from his seat, then these other loops would tighten around him and keep him safe. He asked the men to take the other end and uncoil the rope, thus slowly lowering him over the cliff. He took a small satchel with him which he slung over one shoulder and across his chest, then walking backwards and looking down he disappeared over the cliff edge. It was my job to lay full length upon the cliff top and looking over the edge, keeping my eyes and ears open to Łĩnwéé who would shout instructions to me which I would repeat to the men on the other end of the rope. In this way Łĩnwéé was able to traverse about the cliff face left and right, up and down.
Eventually Łĩnwéé called an instruction to be pulled up, so I waived at the men and instructed them to pull upon the rope. The men started hauling on the rope and in no time Łĩnwéé appeared back over the cliff edge and placing the satchel carefully down by his side he disengaged himself from his rope harness. 
We were all very interested in what he had in the satchel, although we half expected what would lie in there. A fire was made up and a pan of water set to heat, then after getting dressed again Łĩnwéé approached the fire with the satchel by his side. Reaching in he pulled out a large light blue egg. He placed this carefully on the grass in front of him and reaching into the satchel again, one by one he eventually had a couple of dozen of these eggs displayed on the coarse growth in front of him. He picked up the first one and now that the water in the pan was spluttering nicely he carefully cracked open the egg and poured the contents into the boiling water. Immediately the egg sizzled and turned white at the extremities, after no more than a few minutes the now cooked egg was removed from the pan and placed upon a plate. This was repeated until each one of us started to tuck in to the lovely taste of lightly poached eggs. 
I awoke to a screeching bird call coming from high above the cliffs. A sea eagle rose on the updraft of wind blowing in from the sea, a majestic sight, this great bird crying and circling around way above our heads mixing with the sound of crashing waves far below us and the salty taste born on the constant wind. Billowing, dark clouds passed overhead giving the impression that the eagle was flying at a great speed, when in fact the bird was almost stationary. Shivering, I drew my travel cloak tightly about me, this was a wild and untamed land, nothing like the temperate forests of my home. I noticed the great bird had a fish in its talons as it continued to call on the wind. Just then another sea eagle, smaller, than the first came into view being a juvenile, it flew at the larger bird and tried to snatch a beak full of fish, but the larger bird wheeled away swiftly. The two of them then proceeded to wheel and duck, dive and rise again upon the currents of air. They were obviously playing, but every now and again the smaller bird won its prize and would eat the flesh it had grasped in its talons whilst the larger bird wheeled above it. It became apparent that the larger bird was feeding the smaller but it was making the smaller bird work for its breakfast. They were enjoying the good times above our heads, no doubt with the onset of winter life would get much tougher. But needless to say we enjoyed a breakfast of the remaining seabird eggs. Once finished we packed up and headed back inland to the centre of the isthmus. At least the bitter wind died down away from the cliffs, my cheeks stopped tingling after a while as their exposed skin dried and warmed up, but I could still taste the salt upon my lips. 
On the last day’s trek upon the isthmus, from a high prominent rise we could see the moorlands slope downwards and the isthmus widen as the great land mass of the northern continent could be seen stretching away to the east and west of our position. The Grûghanââven stretched out in front of us, it was certainly grey, formless and very flat from this distance, but there on the horizon the land could be seen rising again in the form of the Iron Hills, the Smòlt Erûûn as Łĩnwéé whispered under his breath whilst looking to the far north. I shivered at his words and the tone in which they were said wondering what may be awaiting us there. We camped for one last night on the northern end of the isthmus. As we sat around the camp fire everyone was strangely quiet and in sombre mood. I found this difficult and I felt Serinae was in similar mood the dark nature of this place had an irresistible dampening effect on all, for everyone seemed to be in a grim mood matching the place itself. 
In the morning we looked upon the northern continent only to find that it had disappeared under a thick blanket of grey mist. Grûghanââven in deed, it was easy now to see how the place got its name. It looked as though we were looking down upon the clouds much like we were in Tnie’s flying boat as we crossed to the Trad Ocean all those weeks ago. Our mood was not improved as we knew that we had to enter that damp grey mist to continue on our journey. Eventually later that day we did so.
Walking into the mist was like walking into a thick blanket, the air felt still and sound seemed to dull in tone, our conversations sounded muffled somehow and I think we all found it quite unnerving not being able to see further than ten to fifteen paces all around us. Łĩnwéé started to chat about the Grûndén’s history of this place to try and lighten our disposition. He repeated that his people had first come to the area many thousands of years ago in search of mineral wealth. The land here was quite unique in that once many millennia ago either the sea was higher or the land lower, for all this region was beneath the waves at some time in the distant past. He said that it was virtually impossible to mine here, because any mine shafts they had dug were very difficult to maintain as the rock that this area comprised was very soft, it was white in colour and very young in age compared to the granite and basalt cliffs of the isthmus to our backs. The Grûndén discovered that this bed rock was in fact made up entirely of the compressed shells and bodies of ancient sea creatures, we were amazed at the fact that these creatures were mostly very small and it would have taken millions of years and billions upon billions of generations of these creature’s shells and bodies to form the rock under our feet.  Not only that Łĩnwéé said, but in some areas of this land by some chemical and molecular action some of the dead creatures when mixed with other organic material and instead of forming the white rock, formed into a thick black substance deep within the ground. This substance sometimes lay in great subterranean pockets and was sometimes subject to great pressures when the rock around the area moved due to some unseen geological force. This pressure sometimes caused the black substance to seep up through the soft rock where it formed black fetid, pungent smelling pools on the surface. If these pools stood there for years and years they formed a hardened crust that gleamed in the sunlight like obsidian glass and looked firm enough to walk upon, but any traveller should be wary for if they were to walk upon these areas where nothing grew, they should keep moving because to stand still meant that the traveller would find themselves slowly sinking into the morass of black ooze. For this is what the substance became, it never fully hardened, only giving the impression of a firm surface and was only safe to venture upon as long as the traveller made haste across its surface not stopping or delaying his journey. He also said that if this substance was dug out it would burn very easily and made an excellent fuel for lamps and for starting fires, the only down side was that it gave off a nasty fume whilst burning so was not ideal for confined or indoor spaces. He also added that if the black substance was of the right consistency, it also made a good pliable seal for joints in wood and cloth and would seal against the ingress of water so was used in boat building and for water carrying devices. At this I became a bit concerned of walking into one of these pools without knowing it as the mist obscured the way ahead. But Łĩnwéé said that we would smell them long before we came across them as the smell of the black fluid was quite overpoweringly awful. 
All that day we walked through the grey mist, our cloaks became wet with tiny beads of moisture clinging to the woollen weave, my hair felt lank, sticking to the skin about my face and I found myself wishing for the sunshine again, when I blinked invariably water droplets would run into my eyes from my eyelashes and eyebrows. I think at that moment I would have swapped this horrid damp place for the dryness and heat of the Rust Desert if somehow I had the choice.
We managed to find a slightly raised bit of ground that seemed dryer than the surrounding area for the mist seemed to hug the ground and lay thicker in the hollows. We decided to make camp there, we made a fire which was most welcoming and I basked in the heat of the flames as did all of us as we all huddled close around it trying to dry our damp clothing. We only had dried meat and fruit for a meal that night for no hunting was to be had in the area and nothing of any food value grew either. I don’t think any of us got much sleep, certainly not me, my imagination was working against me the whole of the night. I couldn’t help but think that I had seen something like this land before but for all the racking I did through my memory I could not place my finger upon the reason for this thought. 
In the middle of the night something disturbed me, I raised myself onto one elbow and yawned, a hand was drawn over my face and across my mouth, I made to scream but the sound was stifled. But then I relaxed as I was turned and Seri’s features looked into my eyes, it was her hand across my mouth. I was getting quite used to this practice so I rolled my eyes as if to say ‘not again’, Seri released her grip but did place her finger in front of her mouth to show that I needed to be quiet. 
Her bow was in her other hand and she made off keeping low to the ground. I watched her go not sure whether I should follow or not. She eventually arrived by Teouso’s side, he was also crouched low to the ground his stiletto’s in his hands. I saw him point slowly to his head and then point off in a direction that led into the mist. I decided that I wanted to know what was going on so I also crept over to join them. Keeping silent was easy for there was nothing to make a noise underfoot as the ground was very spongy and soft, any wooden twigs or other materials that may have made a noise had rotted the moment they touched the damp ground I was sure.
When I got to where Seri and Teouso crouched I looked in the direction in which they stared. I could not see anything, but I could hear the faint sound of creaking leather. I knew immediately what that sound was, for I had heard it many times, the creaking of heavy leather harness and armour. Then I could just perceive movement, there through the mist reflected in the moonlight many grey shapes could be seen moving south, sometimes the light glinted off something metallic. My immediate thought was Ognods. Perhaps they were moving south to attack Dahl’Ambronis again, there certainly seemed to be a number of them passing by. It took maybe fifteen minutes or so until the last of them had passed and Seri whispering to Teouso asked him to stay on guard the rest of the night while she followed the army that had passed to see what and who they were. I was too excited to return and to try and sleep so I stayed by Teouso’s side whilst Seri slipped off into the grey mists. I must have nodded off however at some time because I awoke with a terrific pain in my back and neck from sleeping in a sitting position leaning against Teouso’s knees. But at least with the morning light the damp mist seemed less dense and clear skies could be glimpsed occasionally above our heads. I stood stiffly groaning as my muscles tried to get themselves back into some normal position again. As I stretched my aching limbs I remembered Seri, so I looked at Teouso and asked, “Serinae?”
He looked away from me and nodded in the direction I remember her leaving a few hours earlier. I stared into what remained of the mist and became aware of something or someone coming towards us. Teouso stood slowly, a hand on his weapons, but I did not feel that whoever was coming towards us posed any threat. A few moments later my feelings were confirmed for it was indeed Seri who walked silently out of the mist, she had several small rabbit like creatures hung around her neck their long ears pierced and tied along a hemp cord. When she got to us she dropped these to the ground and said, “shot these, they aren’t big but they should make a tasty enough broth for breakfast.”
But my mind was on other things, curiosity got the better of me and I had to ask. “What did you track last night Seri, did you find out?”
She carried on inspecting her hunted quarry. “There was some large detachment of between two hundred maybe two hundred and fifty or so moving south, I couldn’t get close enough to make a positive identification without risking being detected, but judging by the width of their passing through the land it was a single column. I followed them about five or six kilometres south, they did not slow, stop or change direction so I turned back when I was sure that they were not hunting for us.”
“So were they Ognods?”
“No, they weren’t that large, their passage did not make that much of a track through the land. They did not wear iron shod boots either.”
“Maybe they were a Grûndén patrol, maybe even the lost one we were told about.”
“No Mini, they certainly weren’t Grûndén and there were too many of them, the whole of the northern fort would be empty. These were remarkably silent for an armoured company if indeed that is what they were, in my experience Grûndén are far from quiet in such a large company, they sing and chat, these didn’t make a sound as they travelled. I cannot guess who or what they were, only they certainly weren’t interested in us, they certainly did not give the impression that they knew we were here and if they did we were not their objective. But I was about to turn and come back when I heard a sound behind me. I lay in the grass and camouflaged myself. What walked passed me then were big men, these definitely were Ognods. Soldiers in full armour. As they passed me by they charged and cried out a terrifying war cry. They attacked the rear of the column of soldiers I had been following. I stayed hidden whilst the battle raged on for a long time. When it went quiet and I was sure the Ognods had gone I went to see what lay ahead. What I found Mini were many of the same beings that attacked Corbond, many lay dead on the heath, I suspect all of them lay slain.”
“By the Maker.” Was all I could think of to say.
But Serinae added, “well at least the Ognods don’t seem to be friendly towards these being either, at least we have that in common with them.” Serinae took the rabbits she had collected and made back towards the fire.
After breakfast we packed up and made ready to move on. By then the wind was picking up and the mist began to dissipate. But with the clearing of the mist something else assailed us, as the temperature rose and the air started to dry, another kind of mist came upon us. This one however was black and was not affected so much by the breeze, for this mist flew upon wings and its intent was not to dampen our clothing but to dampen our spirits. For there came masses of horrid small biting flies, they seemed to detect us from miles away for they all seemed to converge upon us. We finished packing quickly, our breakfast was finished, the irony was that we were now breakfast, these flies started to plague us constantly. We found ourselves trying to cover every area of naked skin yet still the flies seemed to be able to penetrate our clothing and bite incessantly as we walked.
We made off quickly deeming it better to keep moving than allow the flies an easy stationary target, but even moving we were continually swatting at the biting insects. But before long a pungent aroma started to fill our nostrils, the stronger the aroma got the more it made my eyes water and it began to make the back of my throat tingle most unpleasantly. I guessed from Łĩnwéé's description that we were in the vicinity of one of those black fetid pools, I started to slow and watch carefully where I was placing each step upon the ground, but for now at least the low scrub plants that grew here remained beneath my boots. Eventually I was proven right however for we could see the glistening black surface of the pool alongside our path about twenty metres away. Łĩnwéé asked us to halt, I didn’t want to because halting made us an easier target for the relentless insects that seemed that they wanted to suck every drop of blood from our bodies. But Łĩnwéé didn’t seem bothered too much, he took the double headed war axe from across his back, then tearing a length from the bottom of his woollen cape he wrapped and tied it around the end of the war axe’s handle. He then strode over to the fetid pool and selecting a suitable spot bent down and leaning forward he thrust the woollen cloth and the end of the axe handle into the black morass. He did this a couple of times and eventually he broke through the firmer dried crust of the pool, he was then able to turn the axe handle gently in the softer goo beneath. He was careful to only collect the sticky mess on the cloth and not on the axe handle itself. When he was satisfied with his efforts he came back, the stick now had a great glob of black evil smelling sludge soaked into the rag on the end. He got out his tinder box and striking the flint made a spark land on the black goo. The end of his axe burst into flames giving of quite a thick black noxious smoke. He gathered everything up and held the axe handle high in the air as we resumed our walking. The flames sputtered and cracked and pawls of black, eye watering smoke billowed out from the flames, but the effect had one great upside, all the insect life abandoned us, obviously not liking the fumes from the burning stick. My eyes ran stinging on occasion if the fumes blew anywhere near them but to be relieved of the harassment of the flies was such a relief I put up with the discomfort of the fumes without comment. Jon went over to Łĩnwéé and indicated that he would like to hold the axe, at first Łĩnwéé resisted, but then he realised that Jon being taller could hold the flaming handle higher above everyone’s heads and afford us some relief from the eye watering fumes. So Łĩnwéé eventually was persuaded to give up his beloved war axe, at least temporarily.
All that day we walked in this manner, Jon or Łĩnwéé replenished the black ooze of our fuming torch every time we came across one of the black fetid pools. Łĩnwéé was very careful to put out the flames and wait a few minutes for the cloth to cool before plunging it into the black ooze once more. During these periods we were forced to run about swatting at the insects that were all too ready to replenish their relentless attack upon us once again as soon as the fumes from the torch had been removed. Eventually the land began to rise and short thorny bushes similar to that which grew on the isthmus began to appear, these soon thickened and for a while I thought we may have gotten lost in the mist and somehow returned to the isthmus in error. But it was getting dark and we camped for the night.
The following daylight showed us a surprising and perhaps welcome sight. We had not gotten turned around in the mist for the morning light revealed we had reached the foot of the iron hills. All that day we climbed steadily upwards. We left the damp grey mist behind, neither did we see any more of the biting flies, it seemed their preferred habitat was the dampness of the lowlands of the Grughanååven and they did not follow us up onto the Smòlt Erûûn. We also all agreed that it was a blessing to finally be rid of the noxious fumes from the burning torches that Łĩnwéé had been making regularly to ward off the local wildlife. I couldn’t decide which I was more thankful to leave behind. That night we camped and with slightly raised spirits welcomed the return of the moors and to Coackali for breakfast, lunch and supper once again. 
The next day we continued to climb steadily upwards into the foothills of the Smòlt Erûûn.  We eventually came across what appeared to be a wide rock road, we stepped out upon it and could see it ran in both directions as far as we could see. This was quite obviously not a natural rocky area because blocks of stone, massive blocks at that had been laid down to form a firm roadway, the skill of the masons that built it was quite crude but the blocks were laid so that they interlocked. Clearly this road was made many centuries before, but although I was sure it was made by the labour of skilled beings this road seemed to be a part of the very earth, this road was a foundation, the very foundation of the earth or at the very least an extension of it for it ran as if a backbone of some enormous creature. The surface was not marred in any way by cracks or plants struggling to get through to the light. Of course the surface was rough and somewhat eroded by wind and water or maybe because of the passage of many feet across it, but it remained intact, almost like an impenetrable reptile skin over the surface of the earth. I thought of giant backbones and reptile skins and Dragons came to mind, I shivered. Like any skin it had warts and moles and discolouration, like an old skin stretched across thin flesh so that the shape of the gnarled bones could be seen beneath. It wasn’t that easy to walk upon though, for the slabs of rock were slightly domed. But my natural walking step meant that my feet alternately got placed upon a dome and then in a dip between the rocks followed by the opposite foot on a dome and its friend in a rut. This made slightly uncomfortable walking. But, overall we were thankful for after the soggy wet Grughanååven and the steady uphill climb it made for a dry, firm, level passage at least.
As we walked I got the uneasy impression this place had remained unchanged since the dawn of time and it wasn’t going to change in the near or distant future either. I had no idea how old the road was, but it certainly looked although it had stood the test of time and would do so for a good while yet. We followed the road around the hills all that day, when it came to late afternoon we decided that it was probably best to leave the road and make camp a slight distance away as we did not know how regularly the road was in use and by whom, I thought back to the ghostly company that had passed by us the night before, going to their doom at the hands of the Ognods.
That night we huddled around a small fire, we all felt a lot more cheerful at being able to sleep in the dry, but the conversation naturally came around to the presence of the rock road.
We debated about who had built it and how long ago, and for what purpose. Łĩnwéé had already said that he doubted it was his people, mainly because the construction was unfinished and the Grûndén did not create anything with rock that was crude like the road. In the end Tnie suggested that it must have been built by the Ognods, they were the only known race suspected of living this far north and they would have need of a road or roads of this type to march upon and to send supplies down, especially when they invaded the southern lands. We all had to agree to this train of thought, and we all felt somewhat uncomfortable as we did not know how the Ognods would react to our presence here in their domain. Serinae lightly commented that if the road was built by the Ognods then it was likely that it ran straight to the Ognod city or settlement if such existed and it was an easy route, so our best plan was to follow it come the morning. We all agreed and settled down for the night. 

Chapter 33 Meeting the Iron Fist

Extract from ‘The Hordes Themselves’ by Solin’De’Teinde.
No one knew where they came from. Some said that they came from beyond the Iron Hills sweeping down from the heights like an avalanche. But they came, thousands upon thousands, big men larger than all the Elder Races towering twice the height of any normal man. Their manner matched their size, ferocious in battle, never tiring, their lust for blood unquenchable. All fled before them for they took no prisoners, cutting all down in their path and then smashing the corpses into the earth with the passing of their iron boots. Silent as death, no war cries or laughter, no questions asked or mocking word, just a purposeful slaughter. The only noise that of their armour creaking and clanking, their swords slicing the very air through which they passed, the hideous visage of flesh being hacked and mutilated, the pitiful sound of the screams of the dying. The ‘Nagtrosd’ they call themselves, but also known to the Elder Races as the Ognods, those barbarian hordes that swept across the known world. Each of the elder races succumbing in turn, no one able to stop the tide or even stem the flow. It took barely ten years for them to succeed in their domination of the known world. Some of the Elder Races fared better than others; but none of them have recovered in sufficient numbers to pose a threat to the Ognods, or even to each other. The Elder Races cling to existence as best they can. They are scattered, driven apart, each race alone.
~

The following day found us back on the Ognod road, for this is what we began to call the rocky thoroughfare. We had walked some distance when Teouso who was walking in front of me, began to exhibit the same cautiousness and anxiety in his physical movements that told me he was expecting trouble. He was walking slightly hunched, glancing from side to side as we progressed along the road; he had a stiletto in one hand. Normally I did not think too much of it as he often would walk in this manner, forever in readiness. However, this time Serinae was watching him closely her hands one each upon the pommels of her swords. This caused shivers of anticipation and cold needles crawling up and down my spine. The sight of these two and their behaviour was quite unnerving to say the least; my fellow companions had also noticed this display and were watching with some uneasy concern. 
Łĩnwéé, his war axe at the ready, approached Serinae and whispering close by said, “What does he sense?”
Serinae waved Łĩnwéé quiet with a hand which was immediately placed back on the pommel of the sword where it had been seconds before. But she did whisper to him, “I don’t know but he sensed the same the night before last, if we come face to face with a similar company then we had better be forewarned.”
Then Serinae stopped in her tracks and motioned for all of us to do the same. Teouso went ahead alone. About ten metres in front he crouched and shifted into his wolf form, the great white wolf just stood there for a moment, the shaggy hair on the back of his neck stood upright, and I could see the rows of teeth showing all along his snarling maw. He growled menacingly a low reverberating noise as he sniffed the air.
Suddenly I heard the familiar sound of high tension being applied to Serinae’s longbow; I turned and looked up in time to see an arrow from Serinae’s bow fly past my ear I heard it thud into a shape coming through the boulders behind me. I turned back. Sure enough the arrow had found its mark for I saw the feathers and shaft sticking out from a body, the arrow must have pierced the heart from where I could see it protruding, but to my horror the body still came on. I stared into the face of hate, distorted features, the sunken eyes gazing blindly at me with one purpose in mind to crush me or cleave me in two. Just as the weapon was raised, the face relaxed, the eyes clouded and went blank and the body fell to its knees, I felt hot breath wash over me, stinking, fowl, the smell of rotting things as it fell to the ground with force that blew all the air from its lungs. The arrow was pushed out through its back with a fountain of blood and gore. Then the foul air was replaced by a gush of hot sticky blood spewed from its mouth which flowed around the soles of my boots. I stood rooted to the spot, my hand over my mouth, the body was the same concoction of flesh and metal we had seen before.  I looked around expecting to see those little puffy rings of smoke which had announced the arrival of these creatures in Corbond, but nothing of the sort could be seen. Then it struck me, where I had seen these grey lands before, I had glimpsed them through those same puffy smoke rings back in Corbond. I realised then to my horror that we were standing in the land where these hideous beings came from, this was where they originated, they wouldn’t need the arcane science that served to transport them, because the Maker forbid we had come to them!
I managed to drag my eyes away from the prone form, as I looked up I was suddenly aware with all my senses what was going on, there were hideous mockeries of life everywhere, bursting through the rocks and shrub either side of the road like a herd of rampaging animals, Serinae was dodging and jumping, back flipping, her two swords a blur as she slashed and parried, slicing and cutting, stabbing and hacking at limbs, heads, torsos, the very air around us became heavy with a red mist and a foul stench similar to a city abattoir. My stomach muscles tightened and I threw up on the spot. I went down on all fours, I glimpsed Tnie doing a crazy jiggling dance as he pranced about trying to wield his ri’fal into position for a clear shot, but he was hampered because the enemy was so close and actually in amongst us. I wiped my mouth on my sleeve. I heard Tnie’s ri’fal fire and a resulting explosion hurt my inner ears. I could feel the explosion of the projectile through the rocky ground. I looked up in time to see him loose another shot at close quarters it struck a creature in the shoulder and it’s arm and a portion of its upper torso with the head exploded from the body and landed a good few metres away, the remaining part of the body was flung in the opposite direction along with several other attackers that were in the vicinity of the blast. The remains of the smouldering bodies looking much like loose bags of broken bones went on to hit a number of the creatures knocking some to the ground. Then to my dismay I saw Tnie take a blow to the side of the head and he went limp dropping to the ground.
Łĩnwéé was also capering about laughter on his lips obviously enjoying the fight, his axe slamming into faces, necks, hands, feet, anything that came into reach. His axe took the head from a creature’s shoulders, he twirled around using the momentum of the axe bringing it down in an arc only to catch another creature full in the midriff as the arc of the axe came back up again. This time his axe lodged in the creature and at first it seemed that Łĩnwéé could not pull his axe free, so he placed his boot on the dead creature’s chest and pushed whilst pulling on his axe from side to side, the creature fell in two as he withdrew his weapon. I felt sick again, my skin and clothing soaked in cold sweat, the smell of death was overpowering. I wanted to run to get away from this horror. Jon was having trouble, his fists although striking many blows were not having so much effect on the enemy of flesh and metal, Łĩnwéé also saw this for he bellowed a war cry and ran towards Jon to aid him but he didn’t get far for he was felled by a war hammer striking his head, his helmet flew off and landed a good distance away, Łĩnwéé now lay still upon the ground, the creature that had struck the blow was slowly lifting his hammer again this time intent on crushing Łĩnwéé’s brains from his skull, but before the blow could be dealt Jon placed a firm kick to the creatures midriff and it fell backwards to the ground it went to stand, obviously winded as it gasped open-mouthed for air, but an arrow entered its mouth and stopped only after it had exited through the back of the creatures neck to land in the knee joint of another of our attackers. My eyes were transfixed on this spectacle of horror. Serinae was then by my side shouting at me as if through a tunnel, sheathing one blade she grabbed my arm and started to half drag, half carry me I know not where. I vomited again as Teouso with a long arcing movement of his arm thrust upward with a stiletto that entered beneath the chin of one of our assailants its tip appeared out of the top of the creature’s skull exploding pieces of bone, scalp and gore into the air. Teouso’s hand slippery with blood would not grip the handle of his blade and try as he might he could not retrieve it from the corpse. I turned and started to move my legs to stop Serinae from dislocating my arm but she stopped dead, a gasp escaping her lips then a short intake of breath as she dropped me and stood stock still. I looked around from where I lay in the dirt and there not two metres from my nose were an enormous pair of iron clad boots. Each of these had the cast metal skull of some reptilian looking creature at the top with red rubies for each of the eyes. Above these, rough leather trousers could be seen around lower legs each of which looked thicker than my waist. Looking up I met the gaze of the largest being I had ever seen, he towered above Serinae who was standing poised for action her legs astride my body, she was also looking into the vast creatures face. His eyes were piercing enough, but the expression of anger on his face was withering. I quacked, my mind panicking when he suddenly held his head back, and with arms outstretched he let out a heart stopping bellow. Then he opened his mouth again and boomed out,
“CASHNARG EATE FOFNOMUUS!” 
Everyone and everything in close vicinity must have heard that command for the battlefield immediately around us fell silent. I risked a look over my shoulder and could see the battle that a minute ago had raged beyond control had stopped around us, the only noise the grunting and gasping of lungs being filled and emptied, then with a further great roar several large and fully armoured beings crashed through the rocks from where our attackers had appeared. These newcomers started to smash the creatures that were attacking us. I knew these must be Ognods! For these new beings could not be anything else. I despaired, how were we going to defend ourselves against these massive beings when our ranks had already been reduced by two.
I just about gave up hope. I lay upon the rock road and tears started to run warm down my face. Serinae stayed where she was astride me looking back and forth in a defensive stance.
The massive Ognods in full battle armour were relentless in their assault, but they were not hacking and smashing haphazardly as I thought I would expect, they had the look of well trained and proficient soldiers about them, they handled their weaponry with great skill and they understood defensive moves as well as any seasoned warrior. They fought as a unit each guarding the back of another, working their way through the enemy methodically and effectively. Teouso now in wolf form, blood coating his fur around jaws and neck ran back to where Serinae stood, an arrow in her bow trying to decide what to fire at next, with a hint of confusion in her face she was wondering like me just who was the enemy now. I buried my head into my hands, this was horrific. Yes, I had seen some battle before in Corbond, but then we were fleeing most of the time, but here, here we were fighting at close quarters, tight in hand-to-hand, the experience was totally different and all the more horrifying for it.
It was thankful however, that the Ognods were obviously attacking the creatures that had ambushed us; they were not making any attempt to harm any of our party, at least not for the moment. When Serinae finally loosed the arrow it thumped into the neck of one of the creatures that had come up behind the Ognod we had first seen and would have plunged a rusty short sword into his lower back had Serinae not put an end to him.
With the Ognods entering the fray the battle was soon over, all the creatures now lay still on the blood-soaked rock of the road. I heard a few moans from some of the wounded. I looked back to the Ognod standing before us in time to see him sheath his great sword the blade of which looked like it was glowing in the fading light. He looked at Serinae long and hard and then spat something black onto the ground. Behind me there was more movement as weapons were sheathed and those that were finished fighting moved to a more relaxed position. Tnie remained on the ground where I had last seen him, his ri’fal still in his hand. Łĩnwéé was also motionless lying across the decapitated form of one of the creatures; blood ran from a wound to his head and neck. At least two of our Ognod aids looked wounded although only superficially, one grasped an arm that seemed to be bleeding profusely. 
The Ognod before us said in a booming voice using the common tongue, “so, you have finally come.”
I looked into the Ognods eyes, he regarded me for some seconds then after nodding in the direction of the wounded he said, “go forth druid, do what you will,” 
He waived his arm and gloved hand in the direction of our fallen comrades. Then looking up he scanned the faces of the rest of our party and said, “but when you are finished, follow. We have much to discuss.”
Glancing down into my face one more time and holding my stare he turned and started to walk away, his great iron clod feet thudding onto the causeway with every step. Serinae went after him, she shouted something in a guttural tongue and the Ognod stopped and turned to face her. There followed a brief conversation, but eventually the Ognod turned and walked off once more. Two fully armoured Ognods fell in either side of him and two more behind looking like a personal guard.
Serinae returned to us, I was expecting an explanation. “I asked if he had been active in the area for long, he replied that he and his men had followed a horde of what he called Startmektoken. They had killed them all in the night. They are now returning to their city, he said we were lucky they arrived. Then I was reminded by Serinae’s light touch upon my hand that I should go help the wounded, I turned and prayed that none of them were dead or beyond my aid.
Two Ognods who had remained behind proceeded to gather and pile high the bodies of our adversaries, when they had finished they poured some liquid over them and set fire to the pile and after making sure that the fire had caught glared at us and moved away where they sat down on the causeway. One fished a dirty looking pouch from beneath his armour somewhere and undoing a string that tied the neck of the pouch he reached inside and pulled some black looking stringy substance from the bag. He tilted his head back and opened his mouth wide and let the substance drop into his mouth, he lowered his head and began chewing, then he offered the bag to the other Ognod who repeated the procedure and handed the pouch back to his companion who secreted it back beneath his armour once more. The first Ognod reached up and removed the strap of his helm which he removed and placed upon the ground beside him. He shook out his thick mane of red hair. Both stared at us grunting to each other in their guttural language from time to time. 
The next few hours were lost to my memory, as I worked at my profession. I was glad to be doing this work as I didn’t have to think about the spectacle I had just witnessed. Tnie was easy to deal with, Łĩnwéé a little more demanding but thankfully his helmet had taken much of the force of the blow and he was now perfectly on the road to recovery after I managed to knit back his skin and stop the flow of blood from the a rather nasty wound in his neck. I then administered to the few Ognods that were wounded. I did what I could to remake sliced flesh and bruised bones, one of them, the one I had seen holding his arm earlier was slightly smaller than his comrades, he kept me busy with knitting flesh and muscle back onto the bone where his hand had in fact almost been severed from his arm. This wound required considerable work repairing the bone and ensuring all the nerves were reconnected, but finally using a salvaged piece of wood as a restraining splint, a dressing to cover the area and a sling for I could not risk him ruining my work if he tried to use the hand again over the next few days. I tried to convey this to him, whether he understood or not I didn’t know. But he seemed to be comfortable and nodded to me. He was my last patient for the day. The Ognod looked curiously into my face, he nodded to me once more and I saw intelligence and sentiment reflected in his features. I also got the distinct impressions that he was younger than the others.
The young Ognod stood and turned to walk away. I then noticed the slightly shorter height and wider hips, and with a shock it suddenly occurred to me that this Ognod was female.
I shouted, “stop! Wait, I errrr.” The Ognodess turned and I looked at her face once more and she held my gaze with a faint smile. I felt embarrassed and dropped my eyes to the ground. She grunted before finally turning and striding away in the direction that the Ognod leader had gone.
 


Chapter 34 Arrival at the Ognod City

Extract from ‘The Hordes Themselves’ by Solin’De’Teinde.
But what of the Ognods? Once thought a truly evil race, the scourge of the world. But my own personal accounts of them show perhaps a different side. Ognods were not widely known of until the Grûndén came across them in the far north. But shortly after this encounter they swept across the world and brought war. They are a warrior race of old, lovers of battle and conquest, they have no great art or love of beauty, no reverence for the sciences or the natural world, they do not create anything of great worth at least by the other races standards. Their society seems to be split into several clans and these clans govern themselves within a loose set of laws set by a single leader.
~

We trudged along following behind the two Ognods that had waited for us on the causeway. The Ognods, although obviously suspicious of us did not pay us much heed, in fact they chatted with each other and sometimes laughed whilst looking behind at us, we were obviously the butt of some joke. Perhaps the surprising thing was that contrary to all I had been taught about this race of beings they seemed surprisingly social and intelligent, not at all the mindless killers of which the old tales tell, but none the less dangerous if provoked. I was sure about that having witnessed the spectacle of their attack a few hours before.
We trudged on along the causeway, which meandered its way along the valley floor. We found ourselves walking mostly uphill and all the while travelling deeper into the Iron Hills which were continually rising higher and higher to our left and right. Soon we found ourselves travelling beneath tall pine trees, massive growths, bigger than anything of this type of tree I had ever seen before. I marvelled at them for the older ones had trunks that were the size of an average house in my home town. Looking up I could not see the tops of these trees for the growth was so high and dense I could not see more than thirty metres above the ground. Then the trees stopped as suddenly as they started. We found ourselves within a very mountainous region for many high snow-flanked mountains ringed this region all about us. These mountains were far higher than those of the Tolle’ Ambrunista beneath which the Grûndén had built their city. They walled us into a narrower and narrower space as we pressed onward until all that was left of the tree laden valley was a narrow fissure in the rock just wide enough for us to walk two abreast, apart from the Ognods of course they were forced to walk singularly. The hidden path ended at a cliff face that was completely vertical as I looked up I almost fell backwards as my eyes were deceived by the moving clouds high above making the cliff look like it was toppling over towards us. I hoped we weren’t expected to climb. Jon grabbed me before I fell, I didn’t even realise I was moving, he stood me back on my feet once again. I was just in time to see one of our Ognod guides disappear into the rock face, the other beckoned for us all to follow. It was only when I got up close that I could see the path entered through a narrow well-disguised opening in the cliff. But once through this narrow passageway a hidden valley floor beyond widened out quickly and before long we came out onto an immense open area nestled within the mountains. Thus we came at last to what I now know as the Lands of the Horde.
The valley was surrounded by vertical rock walls. Yet it was a valley quite beautiful to behold, an oasis of green into which a mountain torrent rushed, feeding a rock-strewn river that wound its way through the centre of the valley. Obviously the greenery owed its existence to this available fresh water source, snow-melt I assumed from the snow-capped peaks above and surrounding us. The vale stretched into the far distance, but further up I gasped, for their plainly the Ognods had created a city, more of a citadel. Part of the citadel was carved out of the mountains and here many tunnels and caves had been dug. Here we were to discover later, were the homes of the merchants, the warehouses and storage rooms, also a place of last resort, a final defendable refuge in case the citadel was overrun by enemies. The rest of the citadel was vast, a whole community of wooden buildings lying right across the far end of the valley floor.
We wound our way along the roadway gently dropping down from the hills into the valley proper. Eventually the road ran right alongside the river hugging close to its bank as it wound its route across the valley. It led us right up to an immense portico the gates of which lay open wide. The portico allowed an entry point through a vast stockade construction that seemed to run off into the distance to both sides of our position. Each wall was at least sixty metres above us. Great tall towers were set at regular intervals along the stockades length, each tower sported a massive war engine at its top, like an enormous bow laid horizontally. No doubt each of these could fire an arrow larger and longer than me!
The gates like the stockade either side were constructed from giant individual tree trunks, the bark still on the wood. The supply of lumber was obviously from the forest of giant pines that lay just beyond the valley entrance. Each giant tree trunk was strapped to its neighbour with thick iron bands. The iron bands had many long blade-like pieces of metal set into them. Each gate stood as tall as the surrounding stockade. Passing freely through this gate unchallenged, I guessed because of the Ognod guards we had with us, we entered a region of flat land with fields and waterways. Many different plants, vegetables and fruit baring trees all grew here. In one place the fields had been flooded by damming the river and the resulting waterlogged fields grew other plants which I did not recognise. Ognods could be seen at various places tending crops, or other duties in the fields. There were also fenced off sections at various places holding stock animals, most of these were similar to the farm animals that humans raised, but like the Ognod population they were of much larger size than any I had seen before. There were other changes to; the cattle for instance grew curly horns more like a sheep than a cow. I also noticed that what substituted for chickens had leathery wings but feathered bodies and feasted on scraps of flesh rather than corn or meal. I wondered if it was due to something in the air or water that made everything here grow to such immense stature.
The causeway continued as a raised roadway across the agricultural area until we reached yet another gateway. Similarly, as before these gates also lay open, but I guessed in times of battle or siege both these sets of great gates could be closed and form a strong impenetrable barrier along with the wooden stockade either side. 
At the base of this particular stockade large timbers had been set into the ground at an angle; the skyward ends had been sharpened to a cruel looking point. Most of these timbers had metal rings set with cruel looking barbs around them nailed down their length. But I doubted that any normal army would even reach this terrifying barrier for in front of and below these impassable wooden posts there lay a moat or canal. Looking down into the moat I saw and could smell the noxious aroma of the black substance that formed pools back in the Grughanååven, the same noxious chemical that Łĩnwéé had burnt to ward off the biting insects that plagued us in that region. It didn’t take much imagination to realise what this moat was intended for, the Ognods only had to set this fuming morass on fire as Łĩnwéé had done to cause an impenetrable barrier of flame and dense black fumes. I would feel pity for any invading army being presented with this defensive stockade and river of fire especially as they would have first had to get past the previous stockade as well. We crossed a timber bridge that spanned the noisome moat and entered through the gates into the Ognod city proper.
Immediately inside I screamed for two massive creatures with slavering jaws leapt up on hind legs. I fell backwards in shock; Serinae supported me back to my feet. But to my great relief these ‘dogs’ were kept in check by chains tied around their necks. The handlers however stared at us as if it would give them the greatest of pleasure to let their charges loose upon us. I stared at these creatures. They were covered in diamond shaped scales. All the way up the centre of the snout was a ridge of bony spikes, these continued over the centre of the head, down the neck and back of the creature. The wide jaws showed a forked tongue lashing about like a whip. The most surprising thing however where a pair of leathery looking wings, small things that didn’t look large enough to carry the creatures obvious great weight in flight. We moved on swiftly, I was sure that should the handlers decide to release the beasts they would not hesitate to tear us to pieces in seconds.
Soon we were beyond the interest of the Ognod ‘dogs’ and I settled down once more to looking around at our surroundings. Ognod carpentry skills seemed quite advanced, for all the building were of similar construction, each wooden log slotting perfectly into the one below and the one above, not one nail, or screw could be seen. The only time anything mechanical for jointing was used appeared to be where items had been attached to the outside or to the walls, carefully carved wooden pins could be seen attaching lamps and signs to walls, these pins themselves were adorned with little carvings expertly made into their tops and each pin had quite obviously been carefully and skilfully fitted. You had to look very closely to distinguish the pins from the surrounding wooden carvings sometimes. I began to notice a repeated theme in the carvings, many depicted two strange looking beings like stunted gargoyles facing each other, it was hard to see whether they regarded each other as friends or as enemies.
Between the buildings, we could see in the distance the very centre of the wooden city, for set upon high upon a hill made from banking up the rock and soil, stood a tall building also of wood that I can only loosely call a palace. It was not so much the richness or creativity of its design more its imposing position that made me think of a building meant to house government. From this distance the building looked to be identically made and adorned in similar carvings like any other building we had so far seen.
We followed the roadway around the city. There was nothing of note to see as most of the buildings looked the same in shape, design and size. It struck me that the road we followed was the only road to be seen and it spiralled around between tightly packed buildings that only had narrow alley ways between. I noticed that to one side of each alley way an iron gate stood open, these could obviously be closed thus sealing off the alleyway from the main road. Each gate had small windows that could be closed with a hinged metal plate from the inside, I could imagine any defence force in the alley being able to fire arrows or thrust spears through these windows and if necessary closing them shut so that the same could not be effected in reverse. Yet another design with the cities defence in mind, for any invading army would be forced to follow the spiral path of the road and could not split into numerous attacking forces. Any army trying to move forward along the road could be harassed at its flanks through the narrow alleyways either side where a single soldier or a small group could easily defend the position. At regular places along the road and held high above it by wooden scaffolding, there were great tree trunks with many of the same iron rings adorned with sharp metal spikes and blades set around them as we saw on the spikes in front of the stockade gates and walls. We had already passed underneath several of these tree trunks that spanned across the whole width of the road. It occurred to me that in times of battle these tree trunks could be dropped onto the road into the path of, behind, or even right onto an invading army effectively splitting the army into smaller groups sealing them into a section of the city without hope of moving forward or retreating. I wondered why the whole city seemed to place so much emphasis upon defensive constructions and earth works.
Occasionally we passed an Ognod walking the streets singularly or sometimes a group of them stood chatting, but it struck me how few we did see in the city, I wondered where everyone was, considering the size of the place I would expect to see more population walking about. It also occurred to me that this warring nation may have taken things to extreme and almost destroyed themselves, or perhaps most of the population was away at the moment making war on someone else perhaps.
Eventually, after following the spiralling of the road around many times, we found ourselves at the foot of the earthen works hill on which the palace stood. As we made our way around the base of the hill we came to a sloping area into which great wooden sleepers had been set to form a great wide stairway to the top. The stairway must have been fifty metres across and it went up to the top level in three stages, this meant that twice on the way up we walked across twenty of so metres of flat area before ascending the next flight of steps. I was glad of the rest, for the steps we encountered where built for the legs of Ognods not T’Iea and were enormous; we either had to either jump up onto each step or lift a knee onto the step and then pull ourselves up with our hands. Poor Tnie and Łĩnwéé had to have a helping hand up each of the steps, much to their dismay, but much to the amusement of our Ognod escort who took great delight in pointing and laughing. I could see Łĩnwéé fuming under his helmet.
At the top step our armed Ognod guard stopped and we were handed over without ceremony to the guards outside the closed entrance doors that I presumed lead into the palace. I looked up at the doors which were actually even bigger up close than when seen from the city below. At this distance I could see carvings on the wooden frames, depictions of battle and of daily life and the strange gargoyle like creatures facing each other off once again, I was surprised at the detail in the carving, this artistry was far better than anything we had seen before. One of the guards pounded upon a big lump of rock that was set into the wood of one door with the pommel of his massive war hammer. There followed a loud rumbling, scraping noise as if some great piece of wood was drawn across the inside of the doors, then slowly they opened from the inside out. The doors slowly swung outwards pushed by two Ognods stripped to the waist their chests and arms covered in tattoos, their long red hair braided so that it hung in one long length ending below their waists, they wore only calf length breaches tied tightly around their legs just below the knee and again around their waists with thongs of the same course thick leather that the breaches were fashioned from. Once the great doors were fully opened I noticed that the two Ognods who had opened the doors grunted in exertion as they placed all their strength and body weight upon the now open doors as if they needed to maintain the pressure to ensure the doors did not swing closed once more.
We entered a vast entrance hall unadorned except for a number of torches set into iron loops on the walls; these flickered as the breeze from outside played upon the flames. In front of us and blocking our forward passage, hung two enormous blocks of stone, upon each was carved an enormous hideously grotesque depiction of a face, slanted eyes, sharp teeth with fangs and a long tongue that curled around looking like it tried to lick out at us. The blocks swung slowly back and forth encased within a cage of iron chains. At the top, these chains joined a thicker single chain. I followed this chain with my eyes, it hung vertically from the ceiling where it passed over two large pulleys, then horizontally just below the ceiling where it disappeared into the enormous wooden frame above the doors.
Once we were all assembled within the entrance hall, the two Ognods holding the doors open released their exertions upon the doors. With a great rumbling and grinding the doors started to swing closed unaided. At the same time the two slabs of rock that had barred our way also started to sink downwards into a great pit set into the floor. I managed to peer down into the bottom of the pit some fifteen metres below the floor level. I could see thick timber spikes set into its floor. I was horrified to also see bones and skeletons of large proportions lying in the bottom of the pit, some of the spikes protruded through the ribs of some skeletons, one had pierced right through a skull.
As I stared I could see that chains were heavily greased with a black substance that resembled the noisome black ooze found in the moat surrounding the city. I stood transfixed thinking how opening of the doors lifted the stones blocking any further forward passage, unless you wanted to fall into the pit of spikes of course! The closing of the doors again lowered the stones back into the pit, as the doors crashed closed and the stones ground to a halt their tops now formed a flat passage forward on which to walk.  I could see the way into the main hall of the palace ahead of us between the two greasy chains that now lay still.
Again I marvelled at the ingenuity of the defences of this place.  But for now my attention was again set upon the present as we entered the palace, at least what I continued to think would be the palace for I still didn’t know for sure. But in fact the walls through which we had just entered between the chains were so high it appeared from below in the city that this was a building, in fact we entered an open courtyard. Many Ognods both male and female were sitting around drinking and eating, the area was thick with the smoke of fires and the steam of cooking.
Most of the Ognods were kitted out like the guards who has escorted us here along the causeway and had earlier in the day accompanied the great Ognod who had appeared at the ambush. We were led on through the courtyard watched with some amusement by the Ognods surrounding us, more than one sneered at us, a few even spat in our direction. Ahead we saw another building, this time the doors were already open but nothing could be seen within the gloom of the interior. More wide steps led up and we entered this building, no guard here, but I guessed there were enough outside, any enemy making it this far would have to be very skilled in deed with a weapon or just very, very lucky. It was dark within except for the faint glow of torches along the walls and the hearty glow of the embers of a dying fire lying in a massive iron clad hearth in the centre of the room. As my eyes became accustomed to the gloom I could now see that we did indeed stand within a great hall, the building was one complete room, the roof held up by massive wooden pillars carved from trunks of trees. Again I was surprised to see that each of these pillars was most intricately carved, some with depictions of I knew not what, others with geometric designs the like of which I have never seen before even in this city. We were ushered along up the centre aisle of the hall. Either side in between the pillars of wood standing or sitting were many Ognods, some wearing the gear of war, others in more civilian looking clothing, furs and other skins and even some fine cotton like material with some embroidered stitching.
We reached what appeared to be the end of the hall, our Ognod escort immediately knelt on one knee with bowed heads. My attention was then drawn to a sound, a sort of guttural grunt with the unmistakeable sound of creaking leather. I turned my head and looked forward, there on a raised dais sitting upon an enormous carved chair, a throne perhaps, a large Ognod. He appeared to be asleep and snoring, a massive hand held up, an elbow resting on the arm of his massive chair, his chin resting in this hand, his leather tunic creaking as he drew and released slow breath. His feet were strapped into iron-shod boots with the reptilian skulls. I recognised them, this must be the Ognod commander we met earlier who had joined the battle so effectively. In front of his feet lay a large brass coloured platter with the remains of a meal, bones mostly, but also some kind of fruit skin and a number of fruit pips or seeds about the size of my clenched fist. I turned to look at my companions all were staring at the sleeping Ognod. When I turned my own gaze once again upon the sleeping giant, I jumped in surprise because he had obviously roused and I found those same two piercing eyes staring directly at me once more. Involuntarily I stepped backwards and slipped on the top step. Not for the first time someone’s hand griped my arm and stopped me falling to the ground.

Chapter 35 Gruntuk

Extract from ‘The Hordes Themselves’ by Solin’De’Teinde.
One thing is obvious from my contact with the Ognods. One thing that sticks in my mind above all of the other characteristics of this people. They have the strangest theories and thoughts, markedly different from the other elder races. But I can’t help feeling that some elements of truth are mixed in with these apparent wildest of beliefs. Yet I suppose this is always the case with many folk, especially in the case of the Ognods who have remained in total isolation. The passing of the years has a habit of mixing truth with fantasy.
Yet there is something that makes me feel that their historical knowledge includes many events that the rest of us have long forgotten, they seem to recall some ancient time, fantastic history that despite its strangeness, does awaken a part of me that wants to believe it! 
~

The Ognod grunted and he looked at each of us and said, “I am Gruntuk. I am leader here.” He paused and looked again at each of my companions in turn, and then continued. “I and my past fathers before me have led the Ognods through history; I am seven, seventy seventh in line since the days of the Ancient Fathers. I am ruler, general, guardian and chief to all.”
Then looking at Serinae. “I and my line are also the chosen keepers of the Book of Truths.”
He continued to look at Serinae as he stood and addressing the whole assembly within the room, he said loudly in a booming base voice so that his words reached every alcove and corner of the great hall. “Brethren hear me now. Our fate is sealed, spread the word amongst all, for the time of the great purge has ended, time as recorded in the great writings has come full circle, war is finished, and battle is quietened. At last the words as written are coming to life, two hundred fold thousands of seasons we have waited for this time of peace. I rejoice that these things have come to pass within the time of my serving. Go, spread the word, let all know what I have said.”
At this the gathered crowds of Ognods all bowed towards their leader and many turned to leave the hall through the great doors through which we had just entered. After a minute or two I again heard the rumble of the great blocks and the clanking of the chains as the doors to the palace area were opened. I guessed that they were all leaving to do his bidding whatever that was, for I did not understand what he referred to in his short speech. 
Gruntuk sat back down on his chair and stared at each of us, whilst remained silent. Then taking a deep breath he said, “Each race was transported here by the Ancient Fathers. We were all of us brought here, each for a purpose.”
His gaze then fell upon Serinae and then to me, “You T’Iea, you prize your art, your music, your books full of words, you think yourselves so high and mighty so enlightened, so above the other races because of your culture, you build wonderful architecture, you are so learned, so proud, so haughty, yet you are no more than street players, begging in the gutter for small scraps or coins tossed to you, he moved his hand as if to toss me a such a coin. Some say that your race mated with the spirits and you became like them. You have knowledge that no other race has. You can create items with certain properties that seem like sorcery to others. You can imbue iron weapons to make them sharp without the need for constant attention to keep them so. Weapons as light as air so as not to tire the arm. Your race lives half in the real world and half in some other spirit place to the extent you cannot tell the difference between the two.” But then he scowled at me and said in a growl, “but the spirits have forsaken you, for your race is also evil. A darkness has overcome you; you can no longer be trusted.” Again he waved his hand as if to dismiss something from his presence.
He turned and looking at Tnie said, “You Pnook. The little beavers.” He looked once again at Serinae before saying, “have you noticed how they get everywhere, how they toil, never stopping, always labouring?” Then staring once again at Tnie. “You are the fixers, the workers, the scavengers, your job was to keep everything ship shape and working.” Then looking down at the floor he kicked the tray of food scraps with the toe of his boot and scowled saying, “you rely on your machines some say that is why you are so small, so weak, because you rely too much on your machines to do everything for you. But machines are evil, another spawn of the darkness.”
Next to come under his watchful gaze was Łĩnwéé, “The Grûndén.” 
Łĩnwéé puffed out his chest and crossed his arms a look of defiance upon his face. 
Gruntuk continued. “Miners, seekers of gemstones, precious metals that is what you covet.” You do not care for anything; you would happily destroy the world if it meant that you could get what you desire. You would tunnel underground and remove all the natural resources the world has to offer, right down to the last. To bring all this to the surface and give willingly to you masters so that they may horde the gold and have pretty things for your females to adorn themselves with. For what? What use is your wealth when you have no world left to store it in?” 
This last he spat out with utter contempt and a curl of his lip. He drew in a deep breath and closing his eyes, fell silent.
I felt angry at his attitudes and shout at him, “you are misguided. You know nothing, your race has sat here in these mountains for so long, you do not understand a thing, when you did leave all you did was destroy, you never took the time to learn, what you say is said in ignorance and without knowledge. You have never tried to ally to the other races, you have kept yourselves apart so your understanding is based on children’s stories, on pure fiction, the only contact you ever made was in the violence of war. I pity your race, I feel sorry for you …you …. you are slaves, slaves of your own making. Wallowing in ignorance, mistrusted by all, you wanted to keep yourselves apart, well now through your actions you are kept apart by the other races. I … I.” 
But I found myself spent, my frustration I could not put into words, my anger had subsided and I found myself lost for further words.
He seemed to savour the moment, he stroked a curled finger back and forth along his bottom lip and then with a broad smile on his face he said, “slaves you say? We are all of us slaves T’Iea, minions of the Ancient Fathers, captured long before memory, kept in captivity and made to do their will.” 
I again felt compelled to speak, my anger was growing back.
“Bah, again I say you know nothing, you have closed minds and closed hearts, you do not understand a thing about this world and the races that are a part of it.”
Gruntuk slowly stood glaring at me his anger could be seen in his eyes. I took a step back without being conscious of it. He withdrew his sword from where it hung and pointed it at me, the blade began to glow menacingly.
Serinae placed her hands upon her own weapons and slid them part way out of their scabbards.
I wanted to defuse the situation, I was afraid that despite Serinae and the others skills in battle we would not win this one. I looked at Jondris and holding his hand looked him in the eyes as he stood beside me. I asked, “what about humans, they do not live like us, going on for years numbering thousands unless something stops us.”
Gruntuk looked at me, some amusement on his face, “yes, humans, when the Ancient Fathers came here the race of men were already here,” he chuckled again, “you see unlike us, humans are truly at home here. We are visitors; we came, prisoners held within the Askun-Hesbruunas, we are from across the great void.”
He replaced his sword and to my great relief Serinae relaxed to.
Gruntuk continued. “You forget, the irony is that the Ognods are the only ones that know the truth, we alone were trusted by the Ancient Fathers, for we alone were given the responsibility for the safe keeping of the Book of Truths.”
That reference to this book again, I had to ask. “What Book of Truths? What is this book you keep reminding us about but have yet to produce as proof of what you say?”
Łĩnwéé was getting angry to; I could tell by his mumblings he would not suffer much more of this arrogance.
At this the Ognod grunted at Łĩnwéé, then he stood and spoke words, he recited them as if reading from a book. “Keep thyself apart, shun all who stand in the darkness, for they will be blinded, they will be struck dumb as thy faith shall raise you up and thy voice shall be as a resounding gong. For you alone my people of the tribe of Askun-Hesbruunas shall stand tall and strong in faith, straight and true in thy resolve. For when the secret time comes, the time only of my choosing, I will gather you up, for thy many great deeds shall be counted by me and thy reward shall be great in eternity.” 
Gruntuk then bowed his head low and touching his forehead with his fingers said, “So says the Book of Truths.”
Serinae took in a breath and said, “My Lord Gruntuk, you know that passage well as do all your people, after all that has happened you still think that the words referring to the Tribe of Askun-Hesbruunas refers only to the Ognods?”
At this Gruntuk glared at Serinae, I thought I saw an expression of doubt upon his face as she continued, “you know as well as I that some may argue the book goes on to reference all peoples of the world as being the Askun-Hesbruunas, a term in an ancient language, long forgotten, that refers to something central to all our history. Some Ognods view it as a place, a city, or even a land, somewhere long forgotten by all. But the Ognods battle with two meanings, some of your people would translate the meaning differently to the meaning I think you refer to. You would have it believed that the later reference is to the Askun-Hesbruunas as a fabled place, a place that you wish to return to, a place where all your dead return as long as they die in battle ‘those with their heads IN the clouds’. Yet others believe the term to be one of equality between the races, that all are equal and originate from the same place ‘those with their heads FROM the clouds’. It is a subtle difference, but as you well know there is a very important precedent to settle here, it is your history, the history of your people has suffered the consequences of such a precedent has it not? For it caused Ognod to fight Ognod long ago.”
At this Gruntuk stared long at Serinae and said, “you have much knowledge T’Iea, but it is of little relevance. I must bow to the book, the prophecy has come about, that is now the important event to look at.”
Serinae clasped her hands in front of her and looking at Gruntuk as if also reciting from a book said, “So it will come to pass that those who are chosen will seek the hall, for each tribe shall send their chosen. These last shall save the world.”
Gruntuk looked solemnly at Serinae. “You are well read, but I will not bow to you or any others, I will not seek amends with your people for what we may or may not have done. For you are not untarnished by evil, your people, like all of us, are not people of the light.” 
He sat heavily on his chair and waving an arm out in front of him said, “be gone now, I tire of this. Return tomorrow and we shall see what we shall see.” At this he stood and walking around his chair disappeared behind a heavy draped curtain at the rear of the hall. Serinae took my arm and turned me towards the door.
We walked back down the hall the others fell into step behind us. I was aware of a movement to my left, out of the gloom walked a shorter Ognod with one arm resting in a sling, I suddenly recognise the Ognodess I had treated the previous day. This time she was dressed in female attire a long skirt of supple animal hide and a bodice of the same material, the sleeve had been removed, unstitched to make way for the sling. In her hair was a single thick band of metal, highly polished. She looked at me and my companions in turn as she fell into step beside us. Then turning she walked out from behind the row of columns and looking in the direction where Gruntuk had disappeared she came up to us and said, “forgive my father, he has long years, he has seen much and tires easily of mundane duties.” 
“Gruntuk? He is your father?” I asked her.
She nodded and smiled at me.
 


Chapter 36 Retta

Extract from ‘The Hordes Themselves’ by Solin’De’Teinde.
Ognod women are regarded as one of the most fearsome adversaries. Stories are told of these she-warriors going into battle, their young offspring strapped to their backs and chests. A fearsome reputation that has incorrectly led to the belief that they actually use their young as additional armour. This however is not the case; the true reason is that the mothers want their young to get used to the noise and horror of battle at an early age.
~

The Ognodess introduced herself to us as Retta, she thanked me for what I had done to help her following the battle and bid us follow her. We walked out of the great hall back down the steps and back out into the Ognod city. Retta led us back around the spiralling streets until we came to a low building in a back alley where she said we could stay whilst here. She showed each of us a pile of blankets and a simple bowl and spoon, we were to sleep on the mud floor and join the Ognods that inhabited this building in eating whatever it was that they prepared at various times during the day. Our quarters were communal. She bowed again and went to leave. I hurried after her wanting to ask a few questions, as we reached the door I called to her to stop, she did so and turned, I spluttered an excuse about wanting to check her bandages and she allowed me to do so.
She turned to me and said, “I hope you can forgive my father, he has a heavy responsibility to his people, and like many of our kind he is well practiced in how to be offensive, I’m afraid my people have not learnt the finer details of diplomacy. It is true what you say, we have not made alliances with other races, we have stood alone throughout all the ages. Maybe things would have been different if other circumstances had come to bare, maybe if the Ognods had not been chosen to bare such a burden.” 
She remained silent for a moment before saying, “but the Ancient Fathers have deserted this world, we have not seen any of their kind in over ten thousand years. They left us here and this world has become our prison. This is not the world we are from, it is an alien place and as a result we suffer. The race of the Ognods is diminishing, fewer young are born, many of our females are barren and do not conceive, when once it was common for a female to have many births in her life and always twin births at that, many do not reach their full term and many young who do make it are still-born or sickly, my father tries his best to support his people, but it is not an easy task.” 
“Why are you telling me this” I asked. 
“Because I have thought long and hard on this matter. I also want to help my people, I want them to prosper and be proud once more, but I realise that things need to change if we are to recover from our current dilemma. My father is proud, he has never had to ask or to rely on help from outside before, his view of the other races are the same as those of his forefathers, going back over generations into the mists of time, tales set to exhibit the weaknesses of the other races and to heighten the impression of the superiority of the Ognods. Oh I don’t deny that once as a proud people we raged war across the globe, but we will defend our lands to the last, an Ognod is not come of age unless he or she has seen battle.
But times are changing, we have to learn to work with the other races if we are to ensure our survival, this must happen soon because it will take many generations of all peoples to change and forget old prejudices and hurts from millennia of history, but I feel we do not have many generations left to us.”
“Retta, can I ask you a question?”
She nodded her consent.
“Your father he told us many things about the elder races, he regards each of us as an enemy it seems, even calls my race the T’Iea evil?”
Retta sighed, “we came here to the north before many can remember, but stories have been kept since that time, tales that can look back over our history. These stories tell of the reason we came to the north, more than one actually for the story is twofold. Firstly, we seem to like to dwell in the colder climbs and love the mountains, this seems ingrained within us. Secondly, long ago we were betrayed by the other elder races, long ago during the first age. Such history records that we were attacked by your race, the T’Iea. They killed many using machines of war designed and built by the Pnook. So out of all the Elder Races the Ancient Fathers placed their trust in us for the other races chose to fight each other. Even the Keepers fled back to the voids because of the wars that raged. The Ognods fled here to the north for protection and somewhere to strengthen ourselves. We remained hidden for millennia, whilst the other races fought. We remained apart that is until the Grûndén came and we were discovered once more. So we struck first, we invaded the south for our own protection.”
I could not think of anything to say, I could not believe what Retta had told me, why would the elder races and my people in particular, attack the Ognods so long ago. But my people have not kept such records, or perhaps they had but kept that aspect of our history secret? I just smiled at her and thanks her for her story, I made to tighten the last knot in her sling and said that it was all ok.
She looked at me with some sadness, “but now it is time to bury old fears, it is time to accept what we are and discard old prejudices. We are in trouble and we have to believe in another way, we have to do this ourselves, we have to reverse a millennia of belief, only we ourselves can decide do this, we have to accept this new way.  But we need help.”
She thanked me as she turned and walked away. It was with a thoughtful mind and heavy heart that I returned to my companions.
Our accommodation was less than salubrious but it was dry and warm, something we were thankful for after the travels of recent days throughout the lands in the northern continent. Most of all there were no insects to bite and torment us and there was the very real possibility of good food although some of the things being cooked and eaten by the Ognods looked very suspicious to me, but then I put these suspicions down to what I felt were preconceived ideas about the Ognods, ideas that I was forced to question now that I had met them face to face. I discussed this with my companions at length that night. We had a meal, a nice wholesome but simple affair but very filling and we all felt very satisfied as we sat around the fire burning in the central hearth of the building.
I spoke with Serinae; I wanted to know how she felt about being here with the Ognods. So I asked her, “Seri, I grew up being taught nothing but aversion and abhorrence for these people, our culture is rich with messages that the Ognods are our enemies, to be despised and distrusted. Yet you show no real animosity towards them.”
“And what do you feel towards them Mini? What do you see in their faces I wonder?” She drew me closer so she could whisper. “I have killed many Mini, they die the same way as any other race, I have looked into their eyes Mini, in death they show me much. Fearsome reputation they may have, but in death they show release, a little fear perhaps, maybe some frustration, even unanswered questions. But also an almost resigned resignation as if a door has been opened and they are about to step through.”
“But they killed both your parents.”
She seemed taken aback by this remark, as if it threw her off balance for a second or two. “I to have killed parents, mother, fathers, daughters. Every life Mini I have taken, I have never taken lightly, I take no pleasure in it, no satisfaction and I regret every one. I will not kill unless there is no other way. For that Mini I am forever thankful.” 
I saw sorrow in her eyes as she dropped her gaze to her hands in front of her before she spoke again. “We are all the same Mini, potentially all any of us need is some petty excuse in which we believe, to become dealers in judgment, yes and even death, history has shown this repeated, the examples are too numerous to remember. The Ognods have a version of history that is theirs, we have another version. There are none around now that remember, only stories exist. What use are stories? What use is the past to us? But Gruntuk was right about one thing, there is a dark side to us Mini, something that festers within each of us. Sometimes if the conditions or excuses are right we can succumb to that darkness.” She took a few deep breaths before continuing. “Yet Mini even the Ognods have the ability and the preference to live in peace, I thank the Maker that there is still far, far more good than there is evil in this world. This entire world and everything in it was created in love and it is that love that still prevails, however bad individual circumstances dictate.”
She looked down and when I saw her face again it was marred by a deep scowl. “The dark T’Iea, who are our brethren, never forget that Minervar they are the same race as you and me. They succumbed to the darkness long ago, they were swayed by evil ambition and dark desire. Gruntuk said we were evil, not to be trusted, well perhaps he is right, if some of us can succumb, then perhaps all of us can.”
I shivered at this thought.
“Do you know the worst of it Mini? Do you know what their eyes show in death Mini, do you know what the eyes of a dark T’Iea reflect in those last moments?”
I though back a few minutes to what she had said about the eyes of her victims. The words I thought of were release, some fear, unanswered questions. I was about to voice these when she interrupted me.
She gazed deep into my eyes as if looking for the answer, she kept my gaze. “Hate Mini, pure and sharp, the last thing they feel is to hate. Hate is burnt into their very soul, it consumes them, they grasp onto it like a lifeline as if their hate will save them.” She looked down. “That legacy is ours Mini, the T’Iea, our people. Well that hate Mini, it damns them and do you know what I fear?” She shuddered, “I fear that I can also see myself reflected there in those eyes. I am T’Iea just as they are and I fear that it would not take much to tip over the edge, to go the same way.”
She released my shoulders. I could still feel the marks her gripping fingers left in my muscles.
She shook her head and quietly, almost as if she spoke to herself said. “Someone very wise once told me to fear for every life I took lest I eventually lose myself. That Mini is why I dislike taking any life, even the life of an Ognod. To place such a low, to seek revenge, to kill for selfish reasons. All of these lead to a path that consumes the soul. These are the ideals of the dark T’Iea, our racial brethren. I fear that road Mini. I will not go a single step down that path, not for anything. For that road leads to death, not just death, but real death.”
I felt deeply moved by her words; much of what she had just said had touched a nerve. I knew much of it was the truth. I admired her for her resolve; I admired her for what she believed in. There was nothing I could say in response, I didn’t feel I had the right to respond, so I just hugged her. Eventually she pulled back and she smiled at me, stood and left the building.
I felt I should try and view the Ognods in a different light. I had no doubt that they had caused so much pain, I had seen their arrogance, their alien views first hand, but I resolved to try and see their point of view. I saw their failings, felt they were a people that needed help, so the very least I could do is try and help them to change if they wanted to. But then something else struck me, I think it was Retta and what she had said. It struck me that change of any sort needed to come from inside, inside individuals, inside the community, inside the culture. No one else could change the Ognods or any other race for that matter; it had to happen from the inside out. History is full of stories of change being forced upon those who did not want it, by those whose values did not fit others. I could think of many examples where this change had prevailed, but always it failed eventually. The only way to change a people was to win their hearts first and this was most easily accomplished from inside by one of their own. I smiled, I thought then that Retta was the true hope of the Ognods, whether she realised it or not she alone was embarking on the true path to aid her people, we were just accessories, a tool for her to use, to help her on her way perhaps.
The general hubbub in the building came back to my ears and I was awakened from my thoughts. The Ognods that lived in this dwelling seemed to be mostly farmers, for they stayed out all day and came back late at night weary and covered in soil and other mess. So our evening meals tended to be late. This wasn’t a problem as such, but going to bed on a full stomach I found a little uncomfortable and my discomfort kept me awake some times. On one occasion I was lying awake in my blanket when I heard a whimpering sound. The pitiful noise carried on for a few minutes when a lamp was lit and in the dim light I could see an Ognodess across the room trying to nurse a baby. I watched what was going on for some time. It seemed that however hard the Ognodess tried to suckle her youngster, the baby would not, or could not grasp her sufficiently to take milk. Eventually I rose and walked across to where they were seated and crouching thought to see if I could do anything to help.
At first the Ognodess shied from me a look of suspicion upon her face, I responded with smiles and gestures of what I hoped would relay my intentions of sympathy and wanting to help. Eventually she seemed to relax. First I wanted to calm the child so I laid my hand upon its brow and closed my eyes. I was shocked and my hand involuntarily shot back for what I felt was a terrible mix of pain. I quickly gathered my wits and replaced my hand for the Ognodess was getting concerned, a look of worry upon her features. I smiled trying to put her at ease as I fought to impart my thoughts of calmness into the child.
I closed my eyes and concentrated hard, all my attention went to the contact I had between my hand and the child’s forehead. At first all I could feel was the great pain burning within; it fought with me as I tried hard to understand what ailed the child. The child was fighting me, trying to keep me out; its strength was great for one of such a young age. It was late and I was tired, so my anger snapped within me, after all I was only trying to help. My anger somehow made me think of the battle on the causeway, I pictured the Ognods fighting and to my great surprise the child’s mood changed and it calmed considerably. I was stunned by this, what kind of minds did these Ognods have that such violence had a calming effect.
I quickly wiped my surprise from my mind, I was now able to gleam a hint of what was causing the child’s discomfort. As I searched I could detect a tight knot within the child’s gut, something was not formed right, this knot was causing a barrier to the flow of food and a red angry area before the knot indicated a soreness, the beginnings of an infection. I knew if this was not fixed soon the child would suffer an internal rupture and undoubtedly die. I directed warmth to the area of the knot, gently trying to figure out what was wrong, then I saw the problem, the area had formed wrongly and the gut walls were joined together where they should be free. I was able to gently disperse the adjoining flesh and immediately the knot released and the gut straightened as it should be. I withdrew my hand and opened my eyes, the child had calmed considerably, the mother was smiling back and forth from me to her child, she grasped my hand in what I assumed was thanks. I smiled back and returned to my blanket feeling even more tired now, but also a feeling of rest came to me and I fell asleep without further problem.
The following morning I noticed that the child was suckling without problem, the Ognodess smiled at me I nodded in return.
After breakfast and once the Ognods had left for a day’s toil in the fields I discussed the previous night’s activity with my friends. In particular the calming effect that my thoughts of violence had upon the child. I explained about Retta’s melancholy thoughts, of how she felt about her people and the changes that were being forced upon them. I felt quite sad for them in one way, but happy in other ways. After all they, or at least Retta was convinced that the Ognods would have to seek the aid of the other races, this would be a good thing, although I had to agree with her that old prejudices on both sides would take a lengthy period of time to pale. Jondris, Łĩnwéé and Tnie didn’t think that it would be a good idea just yet to invite a group of Ognods to their respective towns and cities. But at least the spark of hope was there after all we had a common enemy to fight and hopefully this would make us united in the common goals that this created.
We concluded that although the Ognods were quite obviously fierce and very capable warriors, living up to those expectations that had been set into our minds from a young age. I couldn’t help thinking that we had also seen a small glimpse of a different side to them from that of the tales we had been told as children and even as adults.
We spoke about the race of beings called the Ancient Fathers mentioned by the Ognods. None of us knew who or what these beings may be. Clearly the Ognods had a deeper relationship with the Ancient Fathers and had a great deal of knowledge that none of the other races possessed and this was intriguing to say the least. But then Serinae had surprised us yet again with her knowledge of the book of truths, Gruntuk had congratulated her on that knowledge. I had to ask the question of her, “Seri, you knew of the Book of Truths, you could recite from it.”
“Only some Mini, I have only read short extracts from certain books, Solin has a wide selection as you know.”
“Yes, but what were those passages about, the ones that Gruntuk recited and the one you came up with?”
The others shuffled closer to where we sat and listened intently, Serinae frowned and looking at me and at the others said, “That night after the meal at Solin’s house, I was reading an old tome about the Ognod wars, I had not seen it before, it caught my eye and it had many surprising things written within its pages. The first thing that captivated my attention was the passage that Gruntuk recited,”
She repeated the passage for our benefit. “Keep yourselves apart; shun those that stand in the darkness, for they will be blinded. They will be struck dumb as you are raised up and your voice shall be as a resounding gong. For you alone my people of the tribe of Askun-Hesbruunas will stand tall and strong, straight and true.”
She thought for a while and then said, “It comes from the Book of Truths, to be more precise from the second file of Colent. Colent being a Keeper monk who was revered throughout his life as a great prophet, able to predict future history, but unfortunately his explanations and his predictions where oft confusing and difficult to interpret. The Ognods first believed the reference to the tribe of Askun-Hesbruunas was a direct reference to them; they translated the passage as referring to ‘those who walk with their heads within the clouds. Religious zealots within the Ognod world thought this a reference to the physical size of the Ognods, when compared to the physical size of the other elder races, the Ognods being twice as tall as the tallest T’Iea, they saw themselves as those having their heads in the clouds. It was partly this belief that drove the Ognods to attempt genocide and the extermination of the other elder races in the Ognod wars. Well that and the fact that Ognods have an inclination towards arrogance and war, but this made it all the easier I believe for their leader of that time to persuade them to fight. However, I argue that in translation of a slightly different interpretation the reference is in fact made to those with their heads coming from the clouds. If we are to believe that all the elder races in fact did ‘come from the clouds’, as it seems we are led to believe, in fact from across the vast outer voids. 
It transpires there were those within the Ognod clans that had interpreted the passage in this way and therefore believed in this latter interpretation. I believe Gruntuk is of this faction. It was lucky we met with him and his clan and not some other with a different belief. Possibly it was Gruntuk's forbears that brought this to the attention of their leader of that time. But they only did this after they had gained a strong following in their belief. The chief, the same one in fact that had raised the Ognods to war and sent them on their rout of the races would not relent. But anyway the Ognods that had challenged his interpretation had built such a following that they rose up in civil war against the leader. The leader was forced to withdraw all his armies from the southern lands in defence of his realm. It is because of this rapid withdrawal I believe that the Ognods gave up the wars in the south and their conquest of the elder races so quickly and unexplainably.
From what I have read I believe that the civil war was a hard struggle it ended without any clear winner, you all saw the defences that surround this city, defences put in place to defend against other Ognods rather than any other army. I don’t think the Ognod race has ever fully recovered from such devastating turmoil.”
It was Tnie who spoke breaking the silence. “You all remember at the lady Solin De’Teinde’s house that day that Teouso aligned the runes and the being in the cylinder awoke and spoke to us? Well isn’t there a link here, as you just said Gruntuk spoke in confirmation of the races coming here or being brought here as did the figure from the cylinder? I believe this confirms that the figure that spoke to us was a member of the race that Gruntuk called the Ancient Fathers. It may have been a good idea to have brought the cylinder with us to show to the Ognods; maybe they could shed more light on what the figure had to say.” 
Serinae then said, “I agree with you Tnie, after all Solin found the cylinder with the Ognods, the Ancient Fathers obviously thought to entrust this information to them for reasons of their own. My guess is that the Ancient Fathers chose the Ognods to be their spokespeople, after all the Ognods seem to know more about our combined history than any other of the elder races.”
She looked around at all our faces. “We are all represented here, all the elder races, all except one the Ognod race. The figure in the cylinder said that we all needed to work together, we have found out a lot from each other have we not? Well we are all here. The Ognod race is the last on the list of elder races that live in this world, perhaps if we can get a representative from the Ognods to journey with us we will have the complete picture of what is to be done. After all each race is tainted, each race has a period in history to which they are not particularly proud, perhaps it is only through togetherness that we can put each other’s wrongs to right, find forgiveness and start to build a better, united future. 
After some further discussion we agreed that Retta would perhaps be an ideal representative, after all she seemed to be more understanding and sympathetic to the Ognods allying with the other races. Perhaps she would agree to accompany us, what we didn’t know was how her father would react to this request. But I said that I would pose the question to her next time I had the opportunity.
Such an opportunity came the following day for Retta returned to the place where we had our accommodation. After we had breakfasted, Retta appeared through the doorway unannounced. I wasted no time in getting to the point. Bowing to Retta I offered her a seat by the fireside and as my companions went about various other things I sat with her. She seemed at ease so I said, “Retta, your people know so much about the beings called the Ancient Fathers and have great knowledge of the history of the world and the races, we would deem it an honour if you would accompany us on the next stages of our journey to seek the race of people called the Keepers and help us to hopefully see the task we have been given through to its completion.” 
She remained with her eyes looking at the floor and said, “it is also my father’s wish that a representative of the Ognod race go with you, my only thoughts are that the chosen Ognod goes with the right intentions.” 
“What do you mean?” I asked. 
“She looked at me and said, “well, we have always seen ourselves as a race above all others, because of the knowledge we were entrusted with by the Ancient Fathers, we have always seen ourselves as better than the other races, a superior race, a chosen race. I am not sure that this is the correct attitude on which to embark upon this journey. My father thinks that the Ognods will find an opportunity at the end of this, even though he suspects that all races will need to play an equal part he still thinks that the Ognods have something extra to give and therefore should perhaps reap a greater reward for their part.” 
“Do you agree?” I asked. 
She thought for a minute or so and replied, “no. As much as I love my father and my people, I am sorry for the acts we have perpetrated in the past, we have subjected all the other races to terrible hardships, the Ognods out of all the races have done more to divide the races, yet we knew, or should have known all along that all the races would need to help each other in the end. I feel we have been misguided in our isolation and as much as I hate to say it some of this misguidance has been the fault of my own father and those who have led our people before him. In our arrogance we have been deceitful, you heard how he described the races, he made fun of you all, belittling each race. He needs to prove to himself that the Ognods are the greater race, yet it is not so, any race that believes they are above all others are only fooling themselves.” 
“This is treasonous talk Retta are you not in great danger for your views?”
She looked at me and sighed, “perhaps, but the Ognod race is failing, many look to anything they may grasp to help our people recover. There are many still in the city that believe the old interpretations of the Book of Truths, to imprison or punish for what they believe may risk civil war again, even my father would not take that risk for it would finally wipe our race from the face of the world. Anyway I, out of all my people has friendly experiences with the other races, once before I took a big step in trying to bridge the gap between my people and the other races.”
“Oh?”
“There was another, a T’Iea in fact, that wished to travel our lands and learn, but my father forbade it for he didn’t want a ‘spy’ as he called all who are not Ognod wandering our lands and potentially understanding our weaknesses. But never the less such was the importance of what I believed, I disobeyed him and managed with the help of some others sympathetic to my cause to aid in secretly smuggling this T’Iea into our lands and helping her to travel around and learn what she would.”
Initially I feared that it may have been Tezrin that Retta had helped. But she mentioned the visitor as being female. I smiled, for I understood that she must be referring to Solin and her trip to the Ognod lands of which she spoke much of in our days in her house in Amentura.
Serinae spoke. “Retta, you may have already done more to aid us, much more in fact than you may realise.” Serinae then giggled. “You have a true and a stout heart Retta, you would be ideal and we welcome into our fellowship, it seems to each of us that the Ognods should be represented and the representative we would like to accompany us is you.”
 


Chapter 37 Gruntuk’s Decisions

Extract from ‘The Hordes Themselves’ by Solin’De’Teinde.
Within each clan there is a ruling family that have presided as leaders for countless generations. Never has this position been contested by any others. The eldest offspring is always the next in line for leadership and there is no discrimination between the sexes. Yet tradition governs that to successfully be the new leader the next inline must survive a brutal trial by combat with the current leader, or in the event the current leader is already dead, then by a representative chosen by a counsel convened for the purpose. This trial is to the death. The purpose is to ensure that the next leader is both physically and mentally fit for the role and through proving victory in the trial demands respect from the people he is to govern. The trial is known as ‘Grotn Hognak’.
~

The time came the following day for us to again seek an audience with Gruntuk, whatever he thought of us, or us of him, we needed to get confirmation about his proposed involvement and discover what aid he may afford to us one way or another. We knew we wanted an Ognod to be part of the task we were attempting to complete. We also needed to try our best to appeal to him to allow Retta to be that representative and to accompany us on the next and possibly the final leg of our journey. At least we knew Retta was on our side.
Retta came to escort us to the palace on the hillock. We followed her back through the alley ways to the main spiral street; nothing had changed or looked any different to me. But then I don’t know what I expected following Gruntuk sending out of his heralds to spread the word of the coming to pass of the predictions of which he believed coming from within the Book of Truths. At the very least I hoped it would be for safe passage through the Ognod lands.
We found ourselves standing once more before the chair on which Gruntuk was sprawled. We gathered there in silence, I don’t think anyone had a mind to ask the first question or broach the first topic for discussion. Gruntuk also was silent, brooding it seemed for he held his head down in one hand staring blankly at the floor. Not a very kingly repose I thought.
The silence was broken only when Gruntuk said in a low voice, “The Nagtrosd, my people, we know what these beings are, the ones you fear. Those that we fought on the causeway. They are Startmektoken, creations of an ancient time. In ancient times one among the Keepers harboured an evil desire to conquer this world and hold dominance over all. The Keepers name was Borhran. With the help of others, T’Iea and Pnook, he built many machines, weapons of great destruction, the Ognods were aligned with him and we were to be his army. But he deceived us, when he no longer required our blood he cast us aside in preference for his biological machines, the Startmektoken became his soldiers and they were released upon us as a test of their strength. So we retreated from the world, content to let others fight. To our great surprise Borhran failed and was banished. We thought the Startmektoken long gone, defeated as was their master. But they rise again, a perversion of life itself.”
Gruntuk looked up from his repose and looking at each of us in turn he then continued saying, “for millennia we have not seen them, we believed we had wiped them from the world. But now, one unknown has gained the knowledge again the Startmektoken roam freely upon the lands in increasing numbers. In ancient times these demons were controlled by a commanding machine, they walk the land when sent to its his bidding. 
“But what then is the history behind these beings, the Startmektoken, for I have never heard them mentioned before?” I asked.
“The stories say that following a great war that raged upon the world the machines ruled over what was left. The machines collected many fallen bodies of the humans and frozen them in ice, some say they are the bodies of all who die, for what reason we do not know, but the machines can retrieve and revive these soulless beings, whatever is missing or no longer revives they can create. The Ancient Fathers built another machine, a great machine that would protect the world from all ills. I fear that the Ancient Fathers great machine is weakening and now and the ills of the ancient past are allowed to return. This travesty of the Startmektoken is a sign, a sign of doom, a warning that none may be allowed to grow too strong and too knowledgeable, for such an imbalance is what causes conflict between differing peoples. You think the race of Ognods is stupid, that we just like to kill, we are mindless. But in truth the Ognod race has a function like all of you, it is written in the Book of Truths after all. We are here to protect the Ancient Fathers legacy, to ensure that all they did is kept alive. For millennia we undertook this task, but now we are few and the unthinkable has happened. The Ancient Fathers machine is failing, something has gone wrong. Someone may have infiltrated the machine without us noticing and is using it for foul purpose.”
Here he looked hard at Łĩnwéé and holding eye contact with him said, “the last time we awoke to war was when the stunted miners spilled over into our lands. The great Ognod army was mobilised and we headed south, called to do our duty to the Ancient Fathers. To protect their legacy.”
Łĩnwéé, his fists clenched snarled at Gruntuk, who didn’t even flinch. Instead he carried on talking. “Because of our responsibility we were outcast from all the other races, and that in itself is a blessing. Our only friends were our masters, the Ancient Fathers and thus our loyalties were strong to them. Because of this closeness we were able to learn many things from the Ancient Fathers, and because we never shared knowledge with any other race we alone know these things.” 
He chuckled, a low guttural sound, “it is ironic no? That for all the skill of your shaman and all the knowledge of your lofty academics, none of you could discover what we, the Ognod clans hold in our memory. The Ognods in fact hold the key to everything. Why do you think our strength is so great? Why do you think that no race could destroy us?” 
Here he paused for the slightest moment and then said, “except one – ourselves.”
It was Serinae who broke the silence, she said, “My Lord Gruntuk, thus it is why we have come to this place, we seek the Ognods knowledge. We know only you have this wisdom and we must ask you, no implore you to share it with us for the good of all.”
“And why should the Ognods help?”
“FATHER,” it was Retta. “Please father, stop this,” she stood fists clenched glaring at her father. She lowered her eyes. “I am sorry father, but we need to help, we cannot continue upon the path we walk. Can’t you see we need them, the other elder races, without them we will fall into darkness and wither away like leaves on the late autumn wind. Already we are few, we need the truth, we cannot go on believing in our own self-preservation, we can no longer stand apart, for it will be the death of us.”
At this she stepped up to Gruntuk and laid her hand upon his hand resting upon the arm of his chair. He looked at her hand. I expected anger, a violent response from him but to my surprise and relief none came.
I felt pity for both of them, the father and the daughter. I wanted to help in some way, move them forward somehow. So I said, “My lord Gruntuk, you speak much of this Book of Truths, please tell us what else, what other secrets lie within?
Gruntuk stood sharply. “The Keepers have the book, that is why they have their name.” He laughed, “Keepers! But they are not Keepers at all, they failed in their duty, failed in the responsibility.” He sat back down upon his throne. “Ask my daughter, she seems full of all the answers.”
We all looked at her waiting for her to elaborate on what she had just said. Surely she knew of what Gruntuk spoke of?
She turned. Lowering her gaze from Gruntuk, she walked slowly away as if deep in thought. When she turned back to face us she said, “the ancient texts were said to have been given to the Keepers by the Ancient Fathers themselves when all the Elder Races left the great city in the sky. No one knows now, not even the Keepers where the texts are held or even if they exist anymore, it is said that at the time of Borhran the deceiver they were lost. With the rise of Borhran and his treachery, the Ognods would not trust any of the Elder races, only the Keepers seemed to be on our side as they also felt the brunt of Borhran's anger. In the confusion the actual texts were lost, they remain only as words handed down from generation to generation, but being words they are open to treachery and misreading; only those beings who originally contrived them can really tell us the true meaning and they are long gone, lost to memory.”
I looked at Serinae a question on my lips, she knew so much she claimed to have read some texts. But her eyes shot me a warning not to say anything.
At this Serinae moved her hand up to rest upon her breast over her heart. She looked towards Gruntuk, she approached him and again stared at him as if challenging him in some way. But still he would not look upon her.
But she said. “Here are the real words, the words that really matter, placed here by Eny’Nin’Rel, or perhaps I should not use his T’Iea name, I’ll call him the Father of All, or the Maker, or Lord Øédréll, even the Ancient Fathers knew of him didn’t they Lord Gruntuk, didn’t they? Yes, but names are but names, the important thing is that you know of whom I speak, for he is present in every races memory, in every culture. He alone placed his words in here, in our heart of hearts, it is the basis for our being, from deep within us all, it is the foundation for who we really are. It is this that gives us the knowledge of right from wrong, from good and evil. The knowledge to love and to be loved. When there is nothing left to us, when all is lost and we fall to despair, when we are alone and have nowhere to go, it is then that he opens his heart to us, he makes an offer. It is then that we hear his call to us, his still small voice of hope and love. But not always do we hear. For other things call in our despair, darkness is powerful at such times, it can take hold, eat away at all reason, leave but an empty dry shell to be blown away on the smallest breeze. Thus it is entirely our decision as to whether we accept him or not. The knowledge of his existence has been sought by every race throughout all the ages, for we all seek him, or deny him.”
She looked at Gruntuk for a few moments then she turned ad came back to stand next to me.
Then I heard a sound, a rustling of leather, I looked towards where Gruntuk sat. He moved holding his head up, he grasped both his hands around his daughters and sat there looking at their clasped hands. He then slowly stood, still holding her hands he drew her up into an embrace. It was the most astonishing shoe of affection; from the place I least expected it.
Then releasing Retta’s hands he gestured to something unseen behind his chair and two robed figures I thought were part of the carvings lavished upon the walls of the room, walked forward into the gloom of the hall. I sensed a familiarity again to the meetings we have had with the Keepers, these figures were about the same size, certainly not Ognods as they were much smaller, they were also garbed in a similar manner to the Keepers we had come across in our travels. Gruntuk gestured to them and one reached inside his robes and pulled out a cylindrical shape. I thought for one moment it may be another cylinder similar to the one that projected the image of Venetra, but it looked different, more solid. I assumed it was just a cylindrical container, but what it held I had no idea. The Keepers disappeared back behind a heavy curtain at the back of the room.
I looked at Serinae but she was looking intently toward Gruntuk.
He took in a deep breath and letting it out slowly said, “Long have I waited for the foresight needed to save my people. We dwindle as snow upon the first warmth of spring. My race would leave this world for our decline has been steady over the years I have led them. I have been angry, believed anger to be good. I have been blinded by my rage. I couldn’t see it, but now it is clear. My daughter has made me understand that which she has sort to teach me for many years, but my ears remained deaf. It seems this realisation has come upon me suddenly and without any great ceremony like a thief in the night, for I realise now my eyes have at last been opened like the eyes of my daughters.”
Gruntuk continued to stare at Retta, Retta was grinning from ear to ear. He then looked down his gaze went to Serinae and he beckoned her forward.
Serinae obliged and walked up the steps so that she was standing opposite the Ognod chieftain. “I fear though that it is too late for me. I am too old to change my people, some among them may be too old to change. Someone younger must change the younger generations, someone who understands them better than I do. My ways are not the ways of my daughter, yet I will support her in what she must now do. She nodded her head at Gruntuk, and reaching out took Retta’s hand, Gruntuk gave a satisfied nod of his head and laying his own massive hand upon those of the two women in front of him he said, “one from darkness and one from the light, Grouund and Gruoond, both the twins separated at creation are reunited, for alone in their differences they are nothing unless finally found together.”
I looked around the room at my companions; all were transfixed, looking intently at what was transpiring before them.
Gruntuk sat back down heavily upon his throne, a look of relief in his eyes. He gestured behind him to where the two figures had gone behind the curtain and said, “I have sent the two Keepers before you to herald your coming. You must go there, the Keepers hold the Key to the Ancient Father’s machine. Only there may you put things right once more.” 
The silence that followed was only broken when Serinae said almost to herself, “well, we seem to have a direction for the next leg of our journey. I guess we had better get going.” 
I wondered where we are going to be headed and I voiced the question.
“To hell probably” remarked Jondris, 
Łĩnwéé then said, “ye may be closer in y’ur guess than ye think my friend monk.”
At this Gruntuk turned and walked away, I went to follow, to thank him for his change of heart, but as before his guard’s stepped forward obscuring him from my view.
Retta placed a hand upon my shoulder and said, “leave him, he has much to consider, but has made a great leap forward this day, one which we will all be thankful for I hope.”
We all walked solemnly back to the building in which we were staying. As we walked over the two great stone blocks that rose from the floor when the palace gates were opened I was reminded of something. The two hideous carved faces in the stone. I asked Retta what they were, what they represented.
She smiled and said, “ah, the twins. My father mentioned them not moments before, if you remember he called them Grouund and Gruoond, they are figures deeply rooted in our folk lore. One from light one from darkness, but it is also relevant to all opposites. We Ognods like balance, we strive for harmony believe it or not. The two twins Grouund and Gruoond remind us of that fact, they represent as I said, light and dark, good and bad, up and down, sun and moon. For everything must have a balance in our eyes and we constantly strive to keep these balances. That is why we must go and seek the legacy of the Ancient Fathers, something is out of balance, we must put it right once more.”
 


Chapter 38 In the Mines

Extract from ‘The Hordes Themselves’ by Solin’De’Teinde.
It is clear from the brief discussion I had with certain individuals that something happened long ago in the ancient past, something that alienated the Ognods from the rest of the elder races. Try as I might to gleam more detail, I found the Ognods to be extremely secretive on the subject. I wonder if this event was so catastrophic they did not want to discuss it out of fear, or if history had warped the story and none now really remember it first-hand. But what remains is certainly a distant memory, a barrier to the Ognods making any relations with other races.
~

We gathered outside the building in which we had been sleeping, wondering what would happen next. Retta appeared along with an ancient looking Ognod who obviously had great difficulty in moving as he shuffled on his feet and supported himself on a large thick staff of dark wood. As they approached I noticed that Retta held a cylindrical object, it was the wooden holder the very same one that Gruntuk had accepted from the Keepers. Both Retta and the old Ognod stopped when they reached were we stood. The old Ognod reached into his robes and retrieved a black linen bag tied with a golden cord, this he gave to Retta who nodded her thanks.
Glancing our way and looking at us with some distaste in his eyes the old Ognod turned and returned the way from which they had come. I thought then that the Ognods still had a way to go to accept contact with the other races, but then it also occurred to me that the other races had just as much of a difficult task to accept the Ognods. 
Retta bid us good day. She looked ready for travel being dressed in thick black leather armour, iron boots upon her feet and in a scabbard over her shoulder an enormous broadsword that would probably take two T’Iea just to lift, let alone wield in battle. She asked if we were all ready for the journey ahead and lifting the linen bag and untying the golden cord she upturned the bag so that the contents could fall into her palm. She stepped forward and opening her hand showed the thing that the old Ognod had given her. In fact there in her palm she held several highly polished pebbles, jet black and shiny on one side, but dulled and matte in effect upon the other. She said, “keystones. Our route takes us through some old Grûndén mines. But these mines are not of this world. Access is via a portal up in the mountains not too far from here. These keystones will allow access when each of us is in close proximity to the portal.”
Serinae looked at the keystones and said, “hmmmm, one sided, a single use, we are not invited back then.” 
Retta looked at her and nodded once, a sad look upon her face and said, “do not despair, we have a long way to go but the first step is made. These keystones were entrusted to my family; they have been handed down through the generations. They were given to us in ages past, once when the Keepers and Ognods had an alliance. When the evil one Borhran came and cursed the Keepers. But some of the Keepers remained loyal to the Ancient Fathers; those Keepers gave these with a request. They asked that if Borhran came to power, then the Ognods would invade TeraT’Inu’Itil and kill all that were there. They said that death was better than the risk of Borhran gaining TeraT’Inu’Itil and from there to the great city in the sky. We have never used them. Borhran never took TeraT’Inu’Itil. So the keystones will still allow access into the voids and entrance to the Keepers realm. Therefore like the Ognod invaders that never went on that particular order, we are committed to complete our own task, or at least try. The methods for our return journey we will need to seek for ourselves if we are successful.”
I remembered something from previous conversations, “Retta, you just referenced this city in the skies, to what does it refer?”
“Some would call it thus. The true meaning like many things is lost, forgotten, for the passing of the years serves to confuse. But I believe it is a reference to a place where all the elder races originated. I suspect that it is the city of the Ancient Fathers, a place of great knowledge and limitless power. If such a place exists then I think access to it is via the Keepers realm, I believe that the Keepers feared Borhran being able to gain access to that place more than anything, more than their very existence.”
I looked questioningly towards Seri when I realised that Retta was not going to elaborate further.
She looked at me, “as inquisitive as ever Mini.” She pursed her lips and thought for a while as if deciding upon something. “Some would claim that the term Askun-Hesbruunas refers to such a city, yes, the city of the Ancient Fathers. A place where all of the elder races were once said to have all lived in harmony, where we originated. I do not deny Solin and I have searched for such a place. I have come to the conclusion that it either does not exist, or it is not in this world. Perhaps then it is in the voids, accessible only through the knowledge of the Keepers. But I agree with Retta, it is bound to be a place of immense knowledge and also contain immeasurable power.
Retta gave a broad smile again showing her long canine teeth. She then passed amongst us and gave to each of us one of the keystones. “Keep these safe for they will allow the holder and everything in contact with the holder to pass into the void.”
I flinched as mine dropped into my hand.
Retta laughed, “do not fear it will not function unless you are close by the particular portal to which it is tuned.” She then looked thoughtful and standing before us said, “I wish for a downward hill one that will make this journey easy, the Ognods sit upon a mountain of arrogance, but every way we look is down, let us hope that our feet run faster and faster in seeking amends with the other races.” She thought for a while and added, “but I also pray the slope is not so treacherous that we stumble and fall along the way.” 
Retta led us out of the Ognod city through a different entrance than the one we had entered by. Similarly, we passed through two gates in the stockade defences of the city. They looked almost identical to those through which we had entered, but this route took us up a steep incline at the far side of the city, a route that snaked back and forth rapidly climbing up into the Iron Hills. We passed many caves cut into the rock, those that we had seen when first approaching the city days before. Much merchandise was held here and I noticed many Ognods perusing the wares and many items exchanging hands, but curiously no coin or any payment seemed to be asked for anything. I asked Retta about this. She seemed quite confused about the idea of commerce and the value of items, but eventually she seemed to grasp the idea.
“That is a strange concept to me Minervar. My people toil for the good of all, no compensation is asked for, all help each other willingly. But if your society asks for payment for their toils does that not generate greed, how do you regulate what is asked for any particular item, how do you enable those who cannot pay the exacted price gain access to that which they need? How do you ensure that everyone is equal?”
Hard as I might try I couldn’t find an answer to her questions. How indeed did we control our economy? Some in my society were richer than others, mostly this was because they were lucky enough to have skills that others wanted. Yet when I thought about it, all of our people had skills, yet some of these skills seemed to be valued less than others. I came to the conclusion that Ognod society could teach us many things. They valued all skills equally and as such the whole of their society was based upon equality for all. I thought then that perhaps the other races needed the Ognods as much as the Ognods needed them.
Increasingly the effort of climbing these lofty paths was making its mark, I was breathing heavily and made to concentrate on the way ahead. I looked about me, we had already climbed well above the city, the term Iron Hills did not seem an appropriate word for we found ourselves amongst some of the tallest mountains I had ever seen. In fact the air was getting thinner up here and my breath was becoming more laboured and a slight dizziness came over me from time to time so we were forced to rest often along the way.
During one of these forced rest periods I was gazing around at the mountains when a movement caught my eye. I looked and as once before could see a figure standing upon a rocky outcrop. Not for the first time had I seen that figure. As before it was dark and garbed in a cloak and hood that was drawn over its head, a bit like the Keepers but something about this figure was wrong. This time I was sure it was not a Keeper. I moved quietly over to Serinae’s side and not wanting to point at the figure described what I had seen and in what direction she should look. She carried on with what she was doing but I saw her glance in that direction very briefly, as she did so the figure ducked behind some rocks. 
“Did you see it?” I asked. 
She confirmed that she had. 
“Who was it do you think?” 
Serinae looked at me with sadness in her eyes and said, “I think it is Tezrin, the figure, whoever it is has been tracking us for quite a while, since we left the Ognod city in fact. He must have been waiting for us to leave for I first saw him whilst we ascended the first sloping pathway after leaving the city.”
“What do you think his purpose is here Seri?”
She looked at me and replied in what sounded like a shaky voice. “I do not know, his ways are lost to me, the man I once knew has passed beyond my understanding. One thing is for sure though, whatever he seeks I suspect is not for good and certainly not for our benefit.”
She drew her cloak tightly around her, her step changed slightly and it appeared to me that she walked now with a steely determination in her stride.
I was thankful when after a couple of hours walking up the steep incline we came across a gap in between two immense slopes and the path levelled out, in fact it even became a slight downhill walk which made things so much easier. But as we walked the path got narrower and narrower funnelling us into the narrow gap between the steep slopes eventually allowing us only single file passage, for the rock walls either side of our path seemed to close in around us until I felt they would join over our heads. Serinae led our party in front and Teouso was guarding our rear. I was behind Retta, she carried the cylindrical holder on a cord across her shoulders, I asked her what it contained.
“Inside are some ancient texts written by the Ancient Fathers. They contain much information; we will need the knowledge they contain if we ever reach their great machine.”
“The machine? What is this machine? Your father mentioned something, but what does this machine do?”
“Retta sighed. It is the ‘great machine’, the machine that the Ancient Fathers left here to ensure the safety of the world. The texts I carry are instructions on how to operate the machine and make sure it operates as it was intended.”
Tnie was behind me, before Retta could answer he said, “the machine needs the four chips Mini to function correctly. It is obvious that Tezrin or someone has toyed with the machine. We need to ensure the originals are replaced and the machine set to rights.”
“But we still don’t have all four originals. We have the one that was copied in Scienocropolis and we have the one that Iolrreas gave to us. There are still two missing. My guess is that one of them is in the necklace that Tezrin has. But no one seems to know the whereabouts of the last and final one?”
Retta then said, “well let us hope that the Keepers may shed some light on that.”
My heart skipped a beat as all of a sudden I heard a most fearful cry, a howl that chilled the blood and put fear into the stoutest heart. Looking back down the path. There I could see rapid movement. Coming up the path at great speed were about twenty or more enormous wolf like creatures and behind them a robed figure goading them onwards with a heavy looking rod that spat bolts of blue arcane fire from its end, the air seemed to shimmer in front of him and the fearful beasts seemed to be materialising through this shimmering space. Each had a slathering maw with teeth like daggers. Their shaggy coats of rough hair spread out around their heads like a thick collar, their eyes were blood red. As they ran their claws dug into the rock chipping shards from the surface and casting them in every direction. A voice shouted,
“DOWN!”
We all dropped to the ground, an arrow whizzed over our heads, it struck the lead creature full in the chest, but the creature did not stop it didn’t even seem to notice that its body had been pierced. A second arrow followed the first and again struck the creature, this time it bent its head down and grasping the shaft of the arrow in its jaws it snapped the shaft in two and spat out what it had bitten off. The creatures behind seemed to accelerate perhaps with the scent of blood in their nostrils for they ran down the creature in front that had been pierced with Serinae’s arrows, it disappeared crushed and torn to shreds beneath the charging claws of those that followed behind.
The remaining creatures would soon reach the narrow path where we stood. We were trapped, unable to move back only forward. Teouso stood his ground as we turned to run, Serinae stopped and crouched down, she ushered each of us over her and onward into the narrow ravine. I was the last to use the rock faces either side to climb over her, once in front of Serinae I stopped and turning glanced in Teouso’s direction. Serinae had a helpless look as she held eye contact with Teouso, she started to move back down the path but stopped, the briefest of glanced exchanges went between them, Serinae pursed her lips and nodded. She lowered her eyes to the ground. Teouso grinned and turned back to face the creatures, he threw both his stilettos at the creature now leading; both found their mark within the shaggy fur in one shoulder. That side of the creature seemed to collapse and it struck the ground, it cartwheeled striking the one behind a heavy blow with its hind legs, a spout of blood erupted from the creature that had been struck and it crashed to the ground sliding. The momentum of the two bodies carried them forward towards Teouso, but their weight stopped them before they reached anywhere near him. I was thankful that the tangle of bodies blocked the path, at least temporarily and the creatures following close behind were forced to stop or just add to the already piled up bodies on the path. Teouso took one last glance at Seri and turned into his wolf form.
Serinae shouted “RUN!”
We obeyed her orders, my last sight of Teouso was of him standing upon the path, he howled loudly towards our pursuers. The bodies were being jerked this way and that, the creatures beyond obviously tearing at them to remove them from blocking their way. Someone grabbed my arm and I was hauled forward, the last thing I heard was a loud blood-curdling cry and a crescendo of growls, the creatures had obviously made it through and now they and the great dire wolf fought a bloody battle to the death. I hoped that in this narrow space only one of the creatures could reach Teouso at a time. I prayed to the Maker for his safety.
We ran, I didn’t even notice the pain as my lungs demanded breath, my head swam. Ahead the path curved and rose upwards. Before long I could hear a growling close behind, turning I spied one of the wolf creatures, it had obviously made it past Teouso, but I was relieved to see it was alone but none the less was still hell bent on catching us. I increased my pace, where I found the energy I do not know, but one thing was for sure I did not want to be caught by the creature pursuing us.
All of a sudden we ran out into an open area before a sheer cliff of rock, I thought then that our end had come, here in this lonely place we would at last meet the Maker. I felt sadness that I would not after all see my homelands again, hug my father. I thought of Iolrreas and Nar’Allia and a deeper sadness came over me that I would not see them again, at least not in this life. But at least I thought Seri and Jon and the others would have the space to put up a last fight in this open area. I thought that even trapped as we were I would be determined to play my part in this final battle.
But then I gasped as Serinae stopped before the cliff and beckoned Tnie forward, as he drew near the rock face another shimmering area showed itself. Tnie walked forward and disappeared through this shimmering of the air. One by one my companions disappeared before my very eyes. It suddenly came upon me that Serinae waited by the side of the portal ushering each of us through as quickly as possible, I could see the circular hazy spot in front of the rock face, tears of relief fell from my eyes as I realised that deliverance was here after all, my knees started to tremble as I started forward. Seri urged me onward with a wave of her arm. I slowed, my legs felt like lead weights. Each step was becoming harder; it felt although the ground was sucking at my feet, grasping my ankles. I stopped at the point where the others had disappeared from view, turning I could see the creature almost upon us, barely several paces away, I could see in the way that it moved it was building up, preparing to take a running bound towards us. Serinae grabbed my arm in an iron grip and grunted as she shoved me hard, at the same time she drew one of her swords. I stumbled and fell, everything seemed to slow, I looked in horror at a slow motion image of Serinae twisting, her hair across her face obscuring her features apart from those jade green eyes shining bright and intense ready for battle, she was raising her sword to meet the brute, fire burned in her eyes and a defiant cry was upon her lips.
That was the last I saw for I passed through the portal and into the void and she was lost to me.
I fell to the ground gasping and crying. My muscles seemed useless. Jon dragged me backwards out of the way, he was expecting Serinae to come through the portal at any moment. I had slumped to the ground and was gasping in air my hands rested on my knees as I tried to fight down the feeling of dizziness and nausea. But the air in here although much less sweet and fresh than that of the outside, was at least thicker and easier to breath. I found myself coughing and retching.
As I gasped between coughs I tried to explain what had happened, but it was useless, I couldn’t speak through my fatigue and despair, I collapsed to the floor tears running down my cheeks, I wanted to go back, I wanted to heal and save. Serinae had shoved me through knowing she would have to face that monster alone.
Jon and Łĩnwéé came over to me and one of them asked, “Serinae?”
All I could do was shake my head, I closed my eyes the pain of the loss was overbearing, I just lay upon the floor and sobbed. Łĩnwéé swore and started to pace up and down muttering in his own language. Jon slumped to my side and held my hands in his. Tnie fell back against the wall and slid down the rock holding his head in his hands.
I looked into Jon’s sorrowful eyes, I gasped all I could say was, “she is gone.” Most of me couldn’t believe it, this realisation was not real. How could she, Serinae with her experience, her skills have succumbed to death such as this? I just closed my eyes and wept.
Then I heard a familiar sound, a giggle. I thought I was delirious, thought it a dream, but Tnie cried out and he began to laugh. I looked up Łĩnwéé stood there, his hands upon his hips and said, “well lassie, ye gave us some fright I can tell ye.”
I looked round towards the portal entrance and there stood Serinae leaning her back against the wall. One arm hung limply down by her side in this hand was grasped one of her short swords, the blade of which was spattered in sticky blood, it was pooling upon the floor as it dripped from the point of her sword. Her other arm was held up against her, bent at the elbow, in this hand she held something close to her throat, she grasped something large and long, covered in hair and blood. At first I could not make it out, I prayed that the blood was not hers. Then it slowly dawned on me, for at her throat was a great clawed paw three times the size of her hand, she grasped it just at the wrist joint, her head was thrown back as if she sought to keep her throat clear of the claws. I looked astonished at the thing she held, it was obviously the fore leg of the great beast that had charged us. I saw that it had been sliced through cleanly just above the next joint, the elbow joint I presumed, blood dripped onto the floor as Serinae grimaced and threw the gruesome thing at her feet. She released her breath and said, “better only the foreleg and not the whole beast eh?”
On hearing her voice I think reality kicked in. I ran to her and wrapping my arms around her hugged her close, tears still ran down my cheeks and neck. We stayed like that for what seemed like hours, I did not want to let her go lest this was just an illusion after all, a dream that would fade should I release her from my embrace. Then I found the courage and strength to say, “we thought we had lost you Seri.”
“Well not today Mini, but by the Maker that was close.”
“But what happened? That thing was right on you.”
She nodded. “I pushed you through the portal, I’m sorry about that. But then I turned to face that beast, I drew my sword up instinctively and this may have saved my life, for the creature was on me before I could make a second thought. As I drew my sword up the thing reached for me, I grabbed its leg to try and stop it tearing out my throat and my sword sliced clean through the limb. The force of the beast’s foreleg hitting me, took the wind out of me and I to was knocked through the portal like a ball having been struck by a bat. It all happened so quickly I had difficulty in thinking, when I realised that I had made it through I just couldn’t help myself but to laugh in relief. Thank the Maker I managed to cut the beasts leg off, so only the limb was in contact with me, if not then the whole creature would be in my grasp and it would have passed through also, then it would be inside here with us.”
She took in a deep breath and coughed, then wrinkling her nose she said, “phew, I can still smell its fowl breath.”
We could do nothing but laugh in relief, Serinae got away without a mark on her, so fowl breath was a small price to pay. But as we laughed Seri looked back towards the portal a frown on her face and we remembered Teouso. We all sat waiting for him not wanting to move on, even if we knew deep down that his chance of survival was very slim.
Finally I could contain myself no longer. “Why don’t we sneak a look, see what’s happened.” Even though I didn’t want to be the one to go, I didn’t want to risk seeing what had happened back there.
Serinae looked at me and said, “the keystones we were given are one way, we cannot return.” 
I again felt an immense grief overcome me, I also felt small and insignificant against the heroic acts of those around me, whose complete and unselfish actions had saved my life. It was very likely that one of our number had already given his life willingly without a second thought to buy us time to escape. Seri would have done the same, I know she was ready to do so in the final seconds before I was pushed through the portal.
Serinae proved herself braver than any of us, in more ways than one. Perhaps she needed to be the one to say it because Teouso was her friend but she sighed and standing said, “I don’t believe Teouso is coming.”
She stared with downcast eyes, she looked sad and disappointed. We were all slow to stand. I think we all wanted to give Teouso more time, not wanting to believe that for whatever reason he was unable to join us on this side of the portal. Serinae stood and silently mouthed some words in prayer.
Tnie said, “Teouso was a brave man, I am proud and honoured to have known him, even for the brief time we were together. We owe him much, a price that can never be repaid. He would have gone with us to the end, given his life at any time to help us ensure our success. We must honour his memory by finishing the task we have been set, at the very least we owe him that.”
Łĩnwéé then stood, puffing his broad chest out and grasping his battle axe in front of him said, “aye, ‘tis right what ye say. Fo’ Master Teouso then, let's be amovin’ on.” He walked onward into the gloom of the tunnel. He stopped and inspected the walls running his hands down the smooth surface of the rock. He made a sort of ‘humph’ noise, then turning to face us added, “this ‘ere certainly be a Grûndén mine so at least the going be good and safe. He looked further into the gloom and added, “well at least it should be.” 
We all followed Łĩnwéé. As I looked around I was aware that the rock glistened with what looked like water running down its face, but taking a closer look I noticed that the rock walls, ceiling and floor where all perfectly smooth like glass to touch. I had seen this before, this place had an uncanny resemblance to the tunnel I had seen in the vision we were shown in the Gwéldølĩn, the one where Ķablik had met his end. This place felt the same, whether or not it was the exact same place or another very similar I could not say, but I started to feel a little nervous for that vision showed something of great danger. Despite Łĩnwéé’s encouraging words I still felt a pang of fear within my stomach which grew into a knot and progressively tightened as we walked.
We were making our way, deeper into the tunnels. Łĩnwéé had produced a crystal from about his person and immediately this rock shone forth a bright light, the same hew as the crystal globes, the Brĩschlåûndérgré that hung high above Gwéldølĩn. He tried to lighten our mood by talking about the mining habits of his race, how they had honed skills and knowledge learnt over millennia into the art of finding and mining wealth from the rocks within these places. He looked in wonder around him as he walked, stopping here and there to describe a particular trace mineral or seam of ore he found present within the rock. I still felt nervous, I was dreading that we may come across one of those creatures that we saw depicted in the telling stone. We found out from Łĩnwéé that these were named Doglomites for this is what the Grûndén called them. Strangely he lowered his voice to a whisper and looked nervously around him every time he uttered the name. I thought about the creature in the vision it had been referred to as the unnamed terror or something like that. I asked Łĩnwéé about this.
“Ack well ye see lassie, it be a miner’s superstition that if ye says Dog … their name out loud then one o’ the beasties will appear.” He once more nervously looked about as if one would magically appear beside us. “The name ye see comes from the Keeper’s language, for when they summon the creatures through their portals, one o’ the words making up the description they utter sounds like Doglomite to our ears and the name stuck. So we dunny like t’ utter the word, or call the name, we dunny like to risk summoning them here in the voids, so we call them unnamed, but as I say just a miner’s superstition really.”
“What did you mean by summon them?” Jon asked.
“Ach well ye see lang ago we ‘ad an arrangement wit’ the Old Ones, the Keepers, t’ access the voids fo’ mining, they helped in many ways, one way were t’ protect the miners from these beasties. The keepers had the knowledge t’ move things from one void space to another, including the beasties their selves.”
Jon and Łĩnwéé carried on chatting; I had heard enough about the Doglomites and mining so I dropped back from them a little way. I found myself walking next to Retta. I felt I needed to say something, to thank her and her race for helping us, for if not for the Ognods we would not be here in the voids.
Her reply was, “it is of no matter Minervar, there is a far greater debt to be paid to you and your companions. You have braved all ills to reach here. You risked much for my people may have killed you on sight, for we do not normally suffer outsiders in our realms. But thankfully this did not happen. Thankfully my father knew our lore well and recognised your party on the causeway as being that which was foreseen and stayed his hand against you. Now we have an opportunity, one which I have sort for many years. The Ognods must change, we must seek aid and friendship from the other races, to remain isolated will be our doom. So we will now help each other, without question and may this be a sign for the future, a hope that one day Ognods will take up their place alongside all the races and build for a better future. Share the knowledge we have with others, step from the darkness into the light.”
The effect of this was dramatic; all my anger fell away immediately. I thought about forgiveness, I thought how important it was; it occurred to me that without forgiveness all of us, every race walked in darkness. Without forgiveness none of us stood a chance in making the progress of which Retta talked. We would all stay in the mire of our own selfish hates and desires, driven by our own arrogance, our self-centred assurance that what we chose to do must be right, when of course history had proven over and over again that when combined with hatred this was never the case. 
I thought about Gruntuk’s words, he had said, ‘one from darkness and one from the light, Grouund and Gruoond, both the twins separated at creation are reunited, for alone in their differences they are nothing unless finally found together’.
I realised the truth in this, the truth that everything needed a balance, no one sided view could ever be correct, there was always two sides to every story and no objective conclusion could ever be formulated unless both sides of the story were known in every detail. The Ognods had their side and had made up stories of the other races based on their limited one-sided insight, yet tragically we had done the same, worse in fact for ours was thought fiercely justifiable because we thought ourselves the wounded party.
I sighed and wanting to lift my mood so asked her, “Retta, this mine, how do we know which exit to take to get to where we are wanting to go?”
“Exit? No Minervar we cannot exit. The Keystones we were given, they only allow entrance, we are stuck here unable to exit at least unaided.”
“I felt panic again rising in me. “But you said that these Keystones were entrusted to the Ognods, by the Keepers, so that the Ognod armies may invade TeraT’Inu’Itil. How then were the Ognods supposed to invade if they could not get out of this void? How are we supposed to exit this void? We may be stuck here, imprisoned forever.”
“The Keepers would send a Key to open the portal into their realm; that was part of the arrangement. I suspect that even the Keepers did not trust my people sufficiently to allow them free access to their city. We must have faith Minervar, remember my father sent word via the two Keepers, he said they would herald our coming. Then I suspect and hope that the Keepers are expecting us, so hope they will send us aid.”
Łĩnwéé had suddenly and without warning stopped in his tracks and indicated that we should halt behind him. He looked down the tunnel where a faint glow could now be seen, this glow was getting steadily brighter as we watched and Łĩnwéé cursed under his breath saying something about it coming our way. He started looking around as if searching for something, but didn't seem to be able to find what he was looking for. All of a sudden Łĩnwéé shouted for us to return the way we had come, he jogged back down the tunnel beckoning for all of us to follow. We all started to run.
About two hundred metres back along the tunnel I felt a movement of air to my left and Łĩnwéé stopped in his tracks and ran to the left, suddenly he disappeared, he seemed to pass right through the rock. His head and one arm reappeared and beckoned us all to follow. I closed my eyes expecting a heavy bump as I walked forward into what looked like a solid rock wall, but to my surprise I passed right through the rock and I realised there was a tunnel beyond, branching off to the left of the main path.
We all followed him into this tunnel. Slowly a light started to glow within and slowly our surroundings were revealed to us, more of those crystals hung in iron cages around the wall but the light they gave off was very dim.
Łĩnwéé dimmed the crystal he held muttering something about saving the energy for later.
Slowly my eyes grew accustomed to the dim glow within the chamber. I realised that we had not entered a tunnel but a deep alcove with a narrow entrance cut into the side of the tunnel proper. The air in here was colder and moving very slightly giving the effect of a refreshing breeze. The walls within our alcove were unlike those outside in that they looked rough with large bits sticking out as if this place had been hewn out of the bare rock using crude tools. I spied little ledges cut into the rock wall and Łĩnwéé was sitting on one of these looking out towards the main tunnel. 
My gaze followed his and I noticed that from this side we could see through a hazy shroud, I was reminded of my childhood, for near to where we lived there was a waterfall that had a rocky path leading behind the curtain of water tumbling down. Looking through the watery curtain was like looking out of this alcove to the main tunnel beyond. 
My attention was then drawn to the increasing glow beyond the entrance to our alcove and I noticed that the glass-smooth rock walls shone with a brilliant white light. There were also flashes of what looked like tendrils of energy snaking out to touch the rock wall. I was astonished to see that far from a random strike like lightning in a storm these tendrils of fire appeared to be moving in a methodical manner like fingers moving along the wall searching for something by touch. I instinctively edged back until my back bumped into the wall behind me and I could go no further. Then one of the tendrils struck an area of stone that looked like clear crystal. Almost immediately other tendrils withdrew from where they touched the rock in other places and concentrated on the area where the first tendril had struck. They all settled on this area of crystal.
Łĩnwéé cursed and said, "bah, it has found food.” 
Still gazing at those tendrils I noticed that the crystal structure within the rock was slowly being eroded away as if the crystal was obviously being absorbed. Łĩnwéé sat back and said,  "ach, well my friends we may as well be asettlin’ here t’ rest and eat, we’ll nat be able to leave this sanctuary until the beastie be satisfied and passes on its way once again.”
“But where are we, what is this alcove?” I asked.
“Ach Min, this be a place specially dug out by the miners t’ be a shelter from the Doglomites, we dug it out an’ the Old Ones used their arcane knowledge t’ move this place slightly. It still be joined t’ the outside void an’ all ye un’erstan', but the Old Ones shifted time so that this place is now out o’ sync slightly. Ye remember the slowin’ of time when we met the Old Ones outside o’ Gwéldølĩn? Well I suspect that a similar paradox exists in these such places. So although we can see the beastie, it aint actually there yet, or has been I dunny know fo’ sure, me feeble brain nat abein’ able t’ un’erstan such’. But we nat be in the same time as thar beastie at the moment, even though we can see it, so it canny do us any harm. Unless o’ course if ye step outside an’ re-join the time the beastie be in.”
I thought I got the gist of what Łĩnwéé had said. But I had seen something like this before, yes in the telling stone, the old blind Keeper mage had stood in such an alcove beckoning to Ķablik wanting to save him from the Doglomite. But Ķablik had misinterpreted, or misunderstood the mages intent and in his madness died.
Łĩnwéé smiled and beckoning said, "Seri m’ dear would ye mind ahandin’ me down that rod on the wall above ye please.”
We all looked to the point on the wall where Łĩnwéé was pointing and I noticed there hanging on a couple of metal hooks was a long thin metal rod which had a loop bent into the end. The rod was handed to Łĩnwéé who had in his hand by then a small ceramic jug from a shelf. He proceeded to fit this into the loop in the end of the long rod. Into this jug he poured a quantity of water from his flask until it was pretty much full. He lifted the rod and began to stretch out hand over hand passing along the rod and moving the water filled jug now securely fixed within the loop towards the entrance of our alcove. There was a slight shimmer as the jug and rod moved through the shroud at the entrance. When he was satisfied that the bucket was in position he held the rod in this position for ten maybe fifteen seconds and we were amazed to see smoke increasingly curling up from the jug outside. Within seconds I could also see water spluttering over the edge of the jug as if it was boiling over the edge. At this moment Łĩnwéé again hand over hand drew the rod with the jug back into the alcove. As the jug reappeared Retta went to grasp it but stopped at a shout from Łĩnwéé. Instead Łĩnwéé now donning a thick leather glove took the jug out of the ring, at this moment I realised that the water was in fact boiling and with a smile Serinae added tea leaves to the hot water. My eyes strayed back out to the tendrils of fire, by now a considerable depression had been made in the smooth rock wall beyond our alcove.
After the tea was brewed and we all had a cup of the hot liquid in our hands to drink Łĩnwéé began to explain. The creature beyond, the Doglomite, was once quite common beneath the earth of the world, they lived deep down in the region where molten magma could be found. The Grûndén much to their dismay came across them whilst deep mining.
“We would break through t’ their domains deep within the ground on occasion an’ many a miner perished in doing so. Fo’ the body temperature o’ these beasties be far higher than any o’ us here could endure. Indeed as ye witnessed water boils within seconds o’ bein’ placed in close proximity o’ the beastie. The interestin’ thing be that each o’ ‘em has an internal furnace that keeps their body temperature up even when they be in an area cold as this be to ‘em.” 
This indeed then was the creature we had seen when viewing the telling stone back in Gwéldølĩn. This time though instead of burning up the body of some hapless traveller all we had heated was a jug of water to make tea.
I then asked Łĩnwéé if I could see his ornate flask, the one he kept at his belt, the one I had looked at that evening in the woods outside of Corbond when we had first met him. 
He reached down and taking the little flask gave it to me saying, “now lassie, ye take it easy adrinkin’ ma brew, it not be fo’ those wit’ an easy disposition ye hear.”
I smiled, for I did not intend to drink the heady brew, just to inspect the flask that held it. I looked closely remembering that evening weeks before when we had first met our Grûndén companion, and there sure enough I saw depicted there on the flask an image of a Doglomite.
Łĩnwéé obviously picked up on what I was doing and said, “aye lassie the beasties are woven into our folk lore, fo’ we learned t’ use ‘em as mining machines, not that we could ever control ‘em ye un’erstand, but ne’er the less they be useful in tunnelling, fo’ sometimes they make new tunnels when looking fo’ their next meal saving us a lot o’ hard graftin’ ye un’erstand.”
“So what’s to stop the creature entering this alcove with us.”
“Nat a thing Lassie, nat a thing, but luck be they don’t. We be of no interest t’ ‘em, they dunny seem t’ be inquisitive in the slightest, they just go about their business and never take any notice o’ us directly. Perhaps they dunny even know we be ‘ere at all. T’ the beastie out there the entrance seems t’ be rock without any food in it so be o’ no interest t’ it.”
I handed him back his flask, he popped the lid and took a short swig at the contents, then poured a little into his tea. He settled back against the rock and sipped at it closing his eyes.
As we drank our tea I thought about how over the years the Grûndén seemed to have learnt how to come to terms with the presence of these creatures. 
I asked Łĩnwéé if he could explain further. Łĩnwéé told us that as he had said before, the Grûndén had occasion to draw up an agreement with the Keepers. For the Keepers were able to round up all the creatures for them and place them in a void out of the way. In this way mines could be made safe, or even have an unwitting Doglomite guarding them. For some void places like this one where used to go between different places, not all of them being in the world that we know. The Grûndén it seemed don’t even know where these void places are, they may not even be in the world as we know it. But the voids go on forever leading to all manner of places he presumed. Only the Keepers had the knowledge to traverse them, so the Keepers and the Grûndén came to an agreement, the Keepers would grant the Grûndén miners safe and controlled access to these places so that they could mine the precious minerals found within. All the Keepers wanted was any of the black shiny mineral that makes up the Key stones that the miners happened across in their mining. The void mines ye’ un’erstand contain some of the rarest and most precious minerals available to them, substances that aren’t available with this world.
Łĩnwéé ended with the words, “like the void metal that adorns ye Seri. He gestured towards the chain mail that Serinae wore.”
At this Serinae unconsciously fingered her fine mail garment just below the neck line. 
Łĩnwéé continued. “Like I said, this alcove uses knowledge from the Old Ones t’ protect us from the searing heat o’ the beastie. That beastie outside feeds on certain minerals within the rock, these tunnels were all carved out by the beastie in its hunting fo’ its sustenance. That be why the wall of the tunnels outside this chamber are so smooth. We even used these beasties to help us delve tunnels in the earth itself, transported to and from the earth and void by the skills an’ knowledge o’ the Old Ones. The beasties themselves dunny seem t’ mind bein’ unwittin’ minin’ machines, indeed they dun't even seem t’ be aware o’ our presence. They seem completely oblivious o’ their surroundings in fact, all they do is as ye saw, move through the rock eatin’ particular areas that take their fancy. Well for many millennia we have used these beasties t’ aid us in minin’ as ye can see they be most effective in doin’ so. The only downside be that the beasties are completely beyond any control. We have been minin’ here for millennia, but we ne’er seem t’ go back to the same place twice. The minin’ guilds undertook an experiment many years ago, they derived a special symbol system and left markers behind in each place within the void that were visited, the idea bein’ that at some stage along with the law o’ averages, we would be bound t’ come across the markers again on our visits. Well that was many, many years ago now an’ not once ‘ave we found any o’ the thousands of makers we left in the voids.” 
Then all of a sudden Łĩnwéé stood and exclaimed, “Ach it seems to have eaten its fill.”
We all turned to see that the tendrils of fire had again resumed a more erratic movement whilst moving forward again along the rock. All of a sudden we saw what I assumed to be the body of the creature for the tendrils of energy could now be seen emanating from a dome like structure of orange, red and yellow hews of interlocking plates. Each of these plates shimmered with waves of light flowing like liquid over the surface of each; similar to how oil shimmers and flows with a spectrum of colour when floating on water under bright sunlight. As the creature passed the entrance to our place we could see its body narrow until the tail end went passed and the creature had vanished from view on its ceaseless hunt for food. I made to step back outside, but Łĩnwéé stayed me by holding my arm. “Wait lassie, them beasties give of a’ invisible and poisonous aura as well as intense heat, ye needs t’ wait a while ‘till it be beyond range.”
 


Chapter 39 Arrival in the Keepers Realm.

Extract from ‘The People of the Void’ by Solin’De’Teinde.
The Keepers are reputed to live within a single vast stone city, laid out in exacting patterns of varying shapes. Most were constructed in straight lines, the houses and buildings built next to each other on straight streets crisscrossing the city from one side to the other. Some buildings were simple constructions in which families lived, other buildings were larger and used for storing various items in bulk like food. Still larger buildings seemed to house a higher level of people; these were deemed later to be the ruling class of priests. Pictures depict these rulers in a garb much finer than that of the majority of the populace. In the very centre of this city it is said lay another smaller city, gated and walled from the other areas, a special place, the holy of holy’s, a temple set in the very centre.
~

We exited our alcove after giving enough time for the Doglomite to pass by, I must say I was surprised as Łĩnwéé made us wait some twenty minutes before he slowly left the sanctuary of the alcove and obviously being satisfied beckoned the rest of us outside. After glancing anxiously in the direction the Doglomite had gone, we walked on in the opposite direction. After some time we saw in front of us a shimmer in the air, like a haze off a hot piece of metal on a summer day. There was also a dark figure cloaked from head to foot. I thought I was getting used to these figures by now, but I found I was still afraid at the sight of this one. For the figure although looking just like one of the mysterious Keepers, we approached cautiously. The dark clothed figure beckoned to us to move forward with a white skinned hand, I was relieved not our T’Iea thief after all.
Seri stepped forward, she greeted the figure with a nod and ushered both Łĩnwéé and Tnie into the shimmering haze where they both disappeared. Seri grasped my hand and led me forward, in less than a second we were through. I was blinded by such a bright light I shielded my eyes whilst standing still waiting for my sight to return. Then my breath was knocked from my lungs as something heavy fell on top of me. I struggled but was pinned to the ground. I then realised it was Jondris, he had fallen onto me but I could not say anything due to being winded. He got up and looking down with some concern hauled me to me feet apologising profusely. Muttering something about giving me more time if we ever again used this strange form of transport. I on the other hand made a mental note that the next time I was to use one of these portals I would make sure I moved away and cleared the area the other side as soon as I found my feet once again.
As my eyes adjusted to the bright light I was able to see that we were in a forest. The air was hot and sticky and many insects flew around us. I looked behind and saw that we were all here. The same, or maybe another dark figure in hooded robe stood in front of us beckoning to us, again a feeling of foreboding came over me and I stopped in my tracks uncertain what was going to happen, but Seri motioned for me to walk on. I brushed myself off and was thanking the Maker that the Keepers had seen fit to send a welcoming committee. Gruntuk had in deed sent word of our pending arrival.
We travelled down a well-worn track through the forest. The trees were large and plentiful, Lianas and other vines hung in soft swathes between them. I thought of Nar’Allia and her mother’s picture, we had arrived in the same place, the place where Nar’Allia was born to Iolrreas and Eath’Ery. I wondered at the strong sense of a link that I felt as I gazed around me. But we could not see more than five or six metres in front of us due to the density of the growth, each plant seemed to struggle for position, trying to outgrow its neighbours and reach the light far above. Creatures of all sorts populated the trees the ruckus was so loud yet we rarely saw any of them the foliage was so dense. Soon I was flagging a bit in the intense heat of the place, the very moisture laden air we breathed seemed to be warmer than our own body temperature. I was used to more temperate climes and it was getting quite uncomfortable.
Eventually we came out of the stifling undergrowth and stood within a clearing, the trees gave way to long grass and flowering shrubs the blooms of which looked like large colourful trumpets, to my delight clear water ran straight as an arrow across the clearing in a criss-cross of canals alongside of which ran compacted mud pathways raised above the surrounding grasses. This was an area of agriculture and it struck me how similar it appeared to the area between the stockades in the realm of the Ognods, all be it on a smaller scale. Soon we found ourselves walking along one of these raised pathways; I glanced into the distance where a low pyramid structure sat in the dead centre of the clearing. I gasped, I had seen this vista before, the self-same place where we stood at this moment was depicted in the painting that we had seen at Solin’s house, the one she had retrieved from the old Ognodess at the same time as getting the cylinder which had told us so much.
We were definitely here, in the Keepers domain, the place called TeraT’Inu’Itil.
As we approached I could see that the pyramid was in fact an ornately designed building with many fine carvings set into its stone faces. The whole structure looked ancient beyond belief, but the carvings although discoloured seemed to be in good repair. The closer we got the more the finer details could be seen. I marvelled at what I saw for amongst the carvings I began to see depictions of things I recognised. I saw short stylised men wielding picks and shovels, in a second row above them I was aghast to see the depiction of a forest with platforms built high within the trees and figures walking across the platforms, this was surely a depiction of my people. Then further along very short figures holding strange items a few of which had stylised fire coming out of the ends of tubes and then a large carving of a flying machine unmistakably similar to those used by the Pnook. Yet these carving were obviously of great age. Above this were many carvings of fine cities bustling with people. In fact one large city, an enormous place far larger than either Scienocropolis and Gwéldølĩn. The other surprising thing was that all the elder races were depicted within the city, each and every one of us could be seen within. I stopped aghast at what I looked at, the city in the sky?
Seri came to stand beside me she looked up. After some minutes she said, “Askun-Hesbruunas.” She then smiled and walked away.
I looked after her questioningly. 
After a few seconds I followed her. She had stopped looking at a depiction of large men with ferocious features all bowing down towards a tall rostrum on which sat a carving of an open book. I was amazed. Then as my eyes went higher up the side of the building towards the top there were depicted many beautiful beings floating in the air and above them a large carving of one solitary being sitting on an ornate throne. In one upturned hand resting on the arm of the throne was a ball from which emanated rays of light, in the palm of the other hand, a tree with large spreading bows bedecked with fruit. On his head he wore a crown also emanating rays of light with a jewel set into the front in the shape of the rune that I knew to be representative of life. His feet rested upon a dais onto which was carved another rune that I recognised, this one the rune depicting death. This rune was set on its side as if it had been kicked there and trodden on by the being on the throne. I saw that Serinae's eyes also were raised to the being on the throne; she lowered her eyes and mouthed some words silently under her breath. 
We came to the end of the pyramid and turned the corner. Here before us was a similar wall. On this face there were other carvings and depictions of many things including some hideous murals of various beings wielding swords and axes, heads and limbs were hewn off bodies and blood gushed forth from open wounds, many faces were carved in expressions of agony. Higher up a similar depiction of figures floating in the sky and an identical carving as before of the being sat upon his throne surveying all, but this time the expression on his face was different, he looked sorrowful and tears were running down his cheeks from his eyes that were downcast to the mayhem depicted at the base of the building.
As before, we walked all along this side and again turned the corner at the end of the wall. The carvings on this face were of beings dancing and walking arm in arm, children of all races were playing amongst the assembled crowds all of which had joyous expressions upon their faces. Again higher up there were the same flying beings and the being on the throne, this time he was smiling and looking downwards with his hands empty and held out in front of him in a gesture of welcome.
It was then we came upon a great high entrance way that was open and led into the interior of the building. No guard was set upon the doorway; in fact there was no door of any sort, just a large open space leading to the brightly lit interior. As we entered the reason for the brightness became apparent for all the walls of the entrance chamber although heavily carved like the outside were covered in what looked like highly polished gold leaf, so that even the dimmest of lighting would reflect across the whole space and illuminate every corner of the room. This place was ancient beyond anything I had ever seen in the world, but with all of the travels we had made through the void space I wasn’t even sure if where we stood was still within the world as we knew it. We could have been anywhere, perhaps on another void ball across the far reaches of the outer voids. 
My mind started to fill with all sorts of confused thoughts when a door opened in the far corner of the entrance hall in which we stood, and in filtered several figures, more Keepers by the look of them. This was without doubt indeed the place where these strange beings originated from. Their hoods were thrown back off their heads and for the second time I could see what the Keepers looked like at least facially, they all looked the same to me as they had no hair to style to distinguish them apart and their facial features all looked very similar. One in particular though looked different, as he strode towards us for upon his head he had a simple featureless band of gold, he held his arms out wide in a gesture of welcome. He stood, a smile upon his lips, his pale skin glowing in the reflected light of the golden walls.
He spoke in perfect common tongue and said, “Welcome my company of friends. I am overjoyed to receive you all here in TeraT’Inu’Itil. I am high keeper of the temple, my title is Grand Master and I am pleased to receive each of you here after so many trials and hardships. I thank the Maker that he has seen fit to protect you in your travels. You must be tired after such toil, thus I will leave you in the very capable hands of my aids. I shall not weary you further until you have rested. Please take respite and peace from your journey and we will speak again at your leisure. 
The rest of his entourage stepped forward and I gasped as they removed their hoods for there before us stood not more Keepers but an T’Iea male and female, also a pair of Grûndén,  and Pnook and human couples. Each of the company was greeted most warmly by their respective racial representatives.
The T’Iea male strode forward and taking my hand introduced himself as Master Jolshun and his female partner as the Lady Fionera, who had taken the hand of Serinae. He then said, “do not be concerned my lady, all the races are represented here, our families have served the temple for generations. Perhaps if you have time you will permit me to show you around the T’Iea village it is just to the north of here in the forest, it would be our pleasure. If you  prefer we can take you directly there now and offer you a place to stay and our hospitality to share?” 
Fionera smiling said to Serinae, “welcome My Lady it is a pleasure to meet you also. Your fame precedes your coming. The Grand Master has foreseen your arrival and we are fully prepared for your visit.” 
I didn’t know what to say, I had met two T’Iea in the last place I expected to find any of my people. But then realisation dawned on me, firstly I remembered that Iolrreas had told us of this place and that he had come here with Eath’Ery and her parents, so I shouldn’t perhaps have been surprised at seeing my own race here. Yet even more we were led to believe that perhaps many of my people were here if there was a village set aside for our comfort?
Fionera added, “we understand, this is a lot to take in and we should give you time to think, perhaps Jolshun should go and get something to drink and refresh you. At this Jolshun nodded his agreement and walked away through the door he had entered by I was ushered to a bench along one wall of the room and sat there next to Fionera.
I felt a little better for this and my curiosity got the better of me, so I asked, “what is this place, where am I, what will happen?” 
Fionera giggled in a typically T’Iea way and said, “oh so many questions, but hardly surprising I think. Where shall I start, well you are in that place where resides TeraT’Inu’Itil. Some may call this the city of the Keepers and they would be right, but it is so much more than just a city in which people dwell. I have come to imagine it as a window through which many places can be viewed if you are of a mind to see. Not a place perhaps that you are familiar with, but we are still in the same world in which you live, but in a slightly different version of it if you see what I mean. The jungle beyond is similar to those found in the equatorial regions of the human world, the environment suits our Keeper hosts. But some of the creatures within and many of the plants originate from the Keepers home world, they brought them with them so that they could feel at home. It’s kind of like sanctuary behind a hidden curtain, a shroud that only the Keepers can draw back and thus reveal what is beyond.”
I was amazed, I looked towards Seri, she just smiled at me as if all of this was no surprise to her. I shook my head as if trying to convey my confusion and wonder.
Fionera continued. “Each of the races from the world were invited to come and live here freely, as once we did long ago in another such place. We can come and go as we please through the window of travel, but most of us choose to stay here out of choice because we serve each of our races by being a representative for them here. Of course we grew in number over the years and we now know this place as home, our ancestors came and lived here and all our families are here, there is no reason to leave. I expect that the T’Iea culture here is not so different from the one you know so well, in fact I am willing to bet you will feel right at home amongst your people here.”
I wanted to ask a question at this point. “Do you know of a T’Iea couple that used to be here their names were Iolrreas and Eath’Ery.”
Her eyes brightened at my mentioning these names and she said, “why, yes I do, they were here some time ago now but the Keepers sent them back to perform an appointed task, I have not seen them again since they left, do you know them, are they well?”
I was thinking about how to answer her, full in the knowledge that I would have to impart sad news about Eath’Ery, when she suddenly stood and said, “ah but here is Jolshun with something to refresh you, I hope you like tea?”
At this I started to giggle and taking Serinae’s hand in mine laughed out loud, at which point both Fionera and Jolshun begin the laugh with me even though they perhaps do not see the joke. I felt much more relaxed now. After we had enjoyed our tea Jolshun said that Fionera and he would take us to the T’Iea village, so the four of us decided we would walk there and they would show us some of the sites along the way. So we waived goodbye to the rest of our party and left the temple.
As we left by the entrance we had come in Serinae said that we had not seen the fourth side of the building and its carvings so we took a detour around to that side to take a look. Here the carvings were typical of all the ones I had seen, many races were represented in the carved stonework, all were smiling, there was no depiction of pain or sorrow here, happiness and contentment was in abundance. I looked up to see what the being on the throne was doing, but he was no longer there at least not on his throne for it lay empty. I searched the mural until I found him. He was now depicted lower down amongst the happy throng of peoples his face beaming with pride he walked amongst the races, hand in hand with those around him, people were dancing around about, hands held high in adoration, the look of pure bliss upon each face. I found it quite a moving scene to take in as did Seri for I glimpsed a tear running down her cheek.

 


Chapter 40 Home from Home

Extract from ‘The People of the Void’ by Solin’De’Teinde.
Their mysterious race has dwindled to but a few in number; they are the Old Ones, or the Keepers, for they are known by both these names. They have been around since far beyond any other races memory even that of human kind and those that are left are surrounded in mystery having strange powers and arcane knowledge from a source now largely unknown in the world. Generally these people did not step one foot outside of their domain, although they commanded entrance to many pathways leading to many different places. To try and enter these places was impossible without the consent of the Keepers. Entrance to each of these places can only be granted by the Keeper with that responsibility, the Key as they are known. Even to this day it amuses my T’Iea mind that entrance cannot be gained without the appropriate Key!
~

We walked across the grassy fields led by Fionera and Jolshun back into a section of the forest. It was degree cooler now as evening had come and proved far more comfortable than the heat of the day time. We didn’t have to go far when we came across several buildings set into a clearing in amongst the trees, and there to greet us were several T’Iea. Each shook our hands enthusiastically and introduced themselves, I had a smile as wide as my face I’m sure, for it felt wonderful to be back amongst so many of my own people once more. After receiving well wishes and a number of invitations to dine we gave our excuses and continued to walk past these buildings and on to another clearing. This must be the centre of the village, for many houses were built up in the trees with ramps leading up to front porches. Serinae beamed as we walked up a walkway to a small cottage set high in one of the trees. 
“Ah,” she said, “it seems a lifetime but we are here at last.” 
I had to agree, the way had been tough and fraught with danger, but at last in this place I felt at home and the cares of the last few months fell away leaving me much more relaxed with a great feeling of well-being. The cottage itself was quite small but very comfortable, it was typical of T’Iea architecture, simple but functional with the odd finishing touches that spoke of home. I was reminded once again of the wooden house in the centre of tent town and the last time I met any others of my race, my heart skipped a beat thinking of those two so isolated in that hovel of a place. I wished then that we had invited them along on our journeys, but of course that would have been impractical with Nar’Allia being so small.
We had entered through the front door straight into a neat living room. Serinae strode across to a wooden chair on which sat a thick cushion, here she dumped her pack and then proceeded to remove her weapons and outer garb. She also seemed very secure here reflecting my own feelings about the place and she did not keep any weapon or device of battle about her person as she normally did, all was removed and placed either against the wall behind the chair or put into various cupboards and drawers. 
 “Ah Mini, it really is good to be here amongst our own people and in such a homely house, let us make ourselves a home from home.” 
Fionera and Jolshun bowed and said they would allow us time to settle in, so they left us alone and closing the door after them disappeared.
Serinae grabbed my hand and led me to a screen which once slid aside revealed a kitchen area with a table and chairs, a basin in which stood a pitcher full of cool clear water and a wood burning oven which someone had thoughtfully already lit a fire inside so that pleasant warmth emanated from it. There was also a pleasant aroma, I did not know what wood was burning within but it gave off a pleasing fragrance as it burned. Seri motioned for me to sit at the table and started to investigate the contents of various cupboards and drawers. Soon we settled down to eat a simple meal of some kind of stuffed vegetable which was very tasty and surprisingly filling. I had to laugh.
Seri looked at me questioningly.
I said that it was the first time she had cooked in my memory. She looked amused and said that actually she enjoyed cooking; it was a kind of hobby of hers. She also remarked sadly that two things upset her often, firstly that she didn’t get much opportunity to cook and secondly when she did, there was never anyone around other than herself to enjoy what she had cooked. So this she thought was a real treat.
We retired back to the living room and Seri after getting a long cushion from an alcove placed this upon an ornately carved couch, she offered me the chair with the cushion and after making tea for us sat herself upon the couch sipping contentedly from the steaming cup. Nothing had been said for quite a while, I think we were both just relieved to be here, for the first time in weeks we found ourselves somewhere which felt like home and we were both content to enjoy the moment.
After a few hours Fionera called in just to see if we were comfortable, we invited her in and we inevitably started to chat, the subject of course was about the place in which we found ourselves. I had so many questions. So Fiorina explained.
There are none that remember when the Elder Races came here to this world. But come we did. The Keepers say we were here to observe the human race. They go on to say that this was a precursor to inviting the humans to join us, to join the Elder Races, or the Combined Races as they were called in those days. But before the invitation could be made the humans all but destroyed themselves in a devastating war and few then remained. It was deemed by some that they should be aid the humans in recovery. The Combined Races though had a code, this dictated that we should not assist or infiltrate a native race to the extent where we risked changing the natural progression. But the argument was that the human race was now so small any outside influence would arguably have little effect. The best minds amongst us in those days calculated that the human race would die out within a few generations if we did not act and offer aid. So it was decided we would help. However this decision split the Combined Races with catastrophic results. It is not recorded exactly why, but we found ourselves no longer able to live in the once great city where we shared a home and we have not been back there since.
I remarked on the carving I had seen on the side of the temple and the fact that Ognod lore also spoke of such a place, they called it Askun-Hesbruunas, the sky city.
Fionera nodded. “The Keepers say that Askun-Hesbruunas still exists somewhere in the outer voids, but access to it has been lost. The Keepers have spent much time searching for it, but so far no clue as to its whereabouts has been found. I often wonder why we left that place, this Askun-Hesbruunas, why it was abandoned, perhaps we were banished as a punishment for disagreeing with each other. But all the elder races are however offered representation in TeraT’Inu’Itil, as I said that is the purpose for myself and Jolshun being here. The only races not represented are the Ognods. They stubbornly refuse to allow any to be here, I am not quite sure of the reasons, but there was a rift between the Ognods and the Elder R
aces long ago in a long lost age, I think it was about the same time as we found ourselves cast out of the great city in the sky as you call it and into the world. But ever since that time mistrust has ruled the Ognods hearts.”
But I became more interested in the Keepers history and the fact that they out of all the Elder Races, or the Combined Races should choose to remain within the voids and not to have gone into the world like all of the others.
Fionera explained. The Keepers had inhabited the void places possibly for all time for they alone had the ability to move through the voids at will, and from the voids into the world of the Elder Races. This allowed them to move about the world in privacy and not be seen travelling upon the land. Each void space had a ‘keeper’, a representative that was responsible for access to that void, an individual whose family line held the knowledge of access to the gateway in and out.
These keepers are actually titled ‘Keys’. Each key could themselves access the void for which they were responsible. I tried to understand the science behind this but it was impossible for my brain to comprehend, something about time and distance being related, both of which the Keepers knew how to bend and control. I also found out that each Key could also allow access through the void to others by imparting certain energies into a Keystone. I thought of the shiny black stone that Retta had given each of us, she had gathered them all carefully again after we had passed into the mine. I also found out that the amount of power imbued into a Keystone could be varied, allowing whoever held a Keystone access as many times as the amount of power placed within the Keystone allowed. Usually this was two times, so one entrance and one exit, but sometimes as we had experienced was only one way. It was possible to imbue a keystone with unlimited power to access the void, but this of course was very rare for it would allow uncontrollable access.
She went on to explain that she found it easier to view the universe as if it was a kind of main hallway and the void spaces rooms leading off from the hallway. It also seemed that certain void spaces did not connect to the universe at all but only to other void spaces. 
The keepers believed that there was such a void space that led to the home of the Maker, Eny’Nin’Rel himself, but it was closed to them at least for the current time. They also believed that Eny’Nin’Rel quite often entered the void spaces and thus to the worlds that existed beyond them at will, but he alone could return to his home. 
She told us that the temple here in TeraT’Inu’Itil is believed to be on the site where Eny’Nin’Rel used to freely enter his creation from the place where he dwells. This was the central void through which he could access all of his worlds. She commented that she felt very privileged that she could be here at all.
I asked about the fact that the races were permanently represented here. She explained that long ago as part of the Keepers outreach to the elder races the Keepers invited representatives who had such a belief in Eny’Nin’Rel to come and live here, they believed that this place should be open to all as proof of the existence of Eny’Nin’Rel and so that all races may learn and believe, lest they forget, and fall into the dark abyss of their own self-righteousness and pass into oblivion. Indeed all the races did maintain representation here, but some now had sadly abandoned that commitment for various reasons, some of which she had alluded to earlier. Serinae nodded in obvious agreement.
I went to sleep that night with a curious feeling within my heart. All my life I had heard speak of Eny’Nin’Rel but never before had such a strong feeling of his actual existence come over me. Perhaps what Fionera had spoken about was true, it was certainly a compelling argument, somehow it all felt right here, as if in being here I was closer to the truth somehow.

Chapter 41 The Grand Master

Extract from ‘The People of the Void’ by Solin’De’Teinde.
Oddley the Ognods call the Keepers “Graavner’. I had difficulty getting a translation for this word. But after much both verbal and signing communication I think I have established the meaning to be something like ‘guide’ or ‘navigator’ although at one stage my Ognod interpreter started to draw a map in the soil.
I initially thought he was trying to point out where the Keeper realm might be, but in the end I finally got the message much to his delight. It wasn’t places or features on the map that he was trying to show, he was trying to convey the map as a thing of purpose in itself. From this I also got the distinct impression that the Keepers may be makers of maps and charts, cartographers even.
~

The following morning I felt well rested and excited to start a new day in TeraT’Inu’Itil, I felt this place had so much to teach me and I was eager to start. I went through to the living room; a kettle was heating on the stove so I opened the door and strode out into the morning light. The temperature was already warm and very pleasant. I closed my eyes and took several deep breaths of the fragrant air. I heard a sound behind me. Turning Seri stepped out onto the balcony she was dressed in her trousers and jerkin and her hair was wrapped in a towel coiled high on top of her head.
“Good morning Mini, I trust you slept well.”
“Good morning to you Seri, and yes I did, very well in fact.”
A little whistle from the kettle announced it had done its job, so we both turned and went inside where Seri said, “Mini would you mind making the tea whilst I sort out my hair please.”
“Of course,” so I went to the kettle and holding it in a tea towel poured the boiling water into a little tea pot on the side. Seri had removed the towel and was rubbing her hair with it; she then produced an ornate hair brush and started to draw it through her tresses. I poured the tea and we both sat in chairs by the hearth steaming cups of tea clasped in our hands. 
There came a knock at the door, we looked at each other wondering who it was that called on us at such a time as this. I thought it may be Jondris who had been keeping company with Retta as neither of their peoples had any representatives in this place. So I stood and made my way to the door which I opened a crack and looked out. To my great surprise the Grand Master stood on the threshold.
He looked at me and at Seri inside brushing her hair, “ah perhaps I have called at an inopportune time, forgive me and I will return at a more convenient hour perhaps,” and raising his hand he turned to leave. 
I opened the door fully and said, “no, please we were just enjoying some tea, perhaps you would like to join us?”
He bowed low and entered through the door, I bid him sit in the chair that I had been sitting in.
After bidding him good morning Seri went to pour him a cup. I felt a little in awe of the Grand Master, his presence could be felt as an abundance of knowledge, it made me feel quite inadequate in a way, like a student when presented with their professor, similar to how I felt when in the presence of Solin all those months ago in Amentura. I did almost laugh then for I also remembered how Łĩnwéé had behaved in the presence of Ĝørtmûnd. I was pleased when Seri returned; I felt I could hide behind her knowledge and persona. Serinae sat and sipped at her tea.
The Grand Master then said, “I am here to thank you, for your great toil and sacrifice, although alas it has not ended yet for you must yet embark upon the final leg of your journey to complete your labours. I will arrange for you to access the inner place, the secret of secrets. But be warned I feel a dread in that meeting, be wary as you go, for powers exist that wish to stop you or wish to use your toil for their own secret purpose.”
I felt a feeling of dread come over me. I had been ecstatically happy here, yet a single mention of our real reason for being here brought all my old fears flooding back. My chest tightened in anxiety and I found I had to take several deep breaths to relax myself once more.
“What do you mean?” Asked Seri.
“I know no more I’m afraid, only that the light you bring, the good deeds you seek to accomplish, they are matched with an equal evil and as always evil seeks to overcome the good. It is the way, the eternal struggle, perhaps you should not be surprised at this.” 
I asked the question I really wanted an answer for, the last piece of the puzzle at least for now. “You said the secret of secrets, can I assume that you refer to the great hall, the machine room, the one created in the image of the cavern in which Gwéldølĩn was built. The second cavern the Keepers commissioned the Grûndén to build? The one that holds the Ancient Fathers great machine?”
The Grand Master thought for a long while as if trying to recall some fact, but eventually he replied saying, “Yes I know well of the cavern and why it was built. But it is not recorded that we the Keepers wished it so, I believe the machine is someone else’s design. Perhaps the true architects are these Ancient Fathers that you mention?”
“The Ancient Fathers. Have you not heard of them? Do they not appear in your stories?” 
The Grand Master just shrugged. “Well regardless of whoever designed and commissioned this great work the cavern does exist and was  created to house the great machine, well many machines in reality, but all together they make up a great engine the purposes of which are many fold. Its designers needed a stable environment in which to construct the machine. So the Grûndén did excavate such a cavern. The machine contains great knowledge, all of the knowledge of its creators in fact, it was put there as a gift to all peoples should they wish to have that knowledge and access to it has been controlled by my people for countless long years, it is for this true purpose that my people where left here, we are the gate keepers.”
Here the Grand Master halted for a moment deep in thought. I noticed his voice wavered slightly when he continued. “They decided to use their technology to put the world of men to rights, to rescue mankind from almost inevitable extinction. Thus it is also a machine capable of controlling many aspects of this world, the weather systems for instance, and the mathematics that position this planet within the solar system and much more. For you see the creators wanted to protect this world from any eventuality, they wanted to keep it from harm, so the machine was created as a defence against any catastrophe, any ‘Twist of Eternity’ that may threaten this world.”
I gasped, the Grand Master had used the same terminology for catastrophic events as had the image of Venetra back in Solin’s house all those months ago. But I decided to remain quiet about the fact.
Seri also noticed I am sure, but she also said nothing, instead she said, “By the Maker if that is all true, this machine truly is something of unbelievable power. This machine could quite possibly save us from the doom we face, but on the other hand it could also be used as a weapon of immense power if it was to be allowed to fall under the control of those who would misuse its knowledge and capability.”
“Like the T’Iea’Neat’Thegoran for instance.” I said.
Seri looked at me a deep concern on her face, “yes Mini exactly like the T’Iea’Neat’Thegoran.”
I looked at the Grand Master, he seemed to be studying our faces, trying to read our thoughts it felt like. I continued to look at him, he dropped his gaze, “we have already experienced its misuse I believe, in that we have seen the beings called Startmektoken, I believe these beings are a product of the great machine of which we speak?”
The Grand Master looked at me and sighed. “It is true, you are correct. In our past one in our midst learnt much from the creators, he left us with a legacy derived from untold knowledge, all knowledge is meant for good but it carried the ability of misuse as well. I am bound to say that already once in our history we chose to misuse that knowledge and create life itself, a traitor in our midst created the Startmektoken as you so rightly say. The result caused a rift between the races and banishment from the city we all shared. But I am afraid someone has found and resurrected the old knowledge, but not completely successfully. Yes the Startmektoken have returned but not in the form they once held, this life, these new Startmektoken are flawed for it takes more than knowledge alone to produce such complexity.”
He then stood and walked over to look out of the window, with his back to us he continued. “We are afraid my friends, afraid of ourselves, we have proven in the past that we cannot be trusted individually, that is why you must go, the other elder races, only together will be successful and watch out for each other. Our misuse has dammed us, proven we are untrustworthy. Our legacy has allowed these beings to rise again, even worse travesties of life for they are melded flesh and machine. Whoever commands these new beings’ construction has less knowledge I suspect this is because the knowledge he has available is in some way incomplete. But if we had not created these beings to start with then no one else would have been able to recreate them. This is our doom, our dark legacy, you must see to it that these beings are destroyed and the knowledge of how to create them also destroyed, only an alliance between all the elder races will be able to successfully bring this about. We greatly fear that any one race alone may be tempted to misuse this knowledge in an attempt to do evil, or even a misguided good.”
I looked at him questioningly a growing feeling of dread in my mind fuelled by the expression on his face. “Have you any idea who could be behind the resurrection of these evil beings, who discovered the method to bring them once more to life?”
The Grand Master sighed and then told us of something that the Keepers have been greatly concerned about for a long time. “Many years ago an unknown spy gained access to the machine and attempted to remove the four Biplextor devices that hold key information required to ensure the machine was able to fulfil its functions. The only access to and from the machine is via this city and we were made aware of the theft. This spy only managed to remove two of the devices before we were able to stop him, he fled with these two. We dispatched many representatives to look for the Biplextors, but the thief had covered his tracks well. By the time we had exhausted the search, been led down each cleverly constructed false trail the real path he had taken had long gone cold. We removed the two Biplextors from the machine, with only two the machine could not function correctly anyway so we decided to hide these two where they could not be so easily stolen. But to this day we still do not know what has become of the other two, the ones stolen by the thief.”
I stood and said in a shocked voice. “Oh my, the Maker help us, Tezrin has them doesn’t he, do you think he was the thief that stole them to start with?” I looked towards Seri a questioning look upon my face.
“Yes Mini, I believe Tezrin has the two missing chips, as to your second question I cannot say for sure. But possibly not, Tezrin you remember had to hire me to find one, so it must have been removed perhaps by another.”
“But Seri we have two do we not? The chip that Iolrreas gave us surely that is one of the two that the Keepers hid?” I glimpsed the Grand Master his eyes lit up at my words, he seemed surprised, but he recovered his composure quickly and I thought no more about it.
“Yes I believe it is Mini, the copy I had made due to the kindness and understanding of Master Letin is most probably one of the two that the thief originally stole.”
The Grand Master seemed to be thinking, his eyes were staring into space, I got the distinct impression that we had said something that he did not know about, but surely as leader of the Keepers he would know much of this information already. I smiled and said, “Grand Master are we correct in our assumptions?”
He responded without hesitation. “Yes you are correct. Initially it was deemed safer to send the Biplextors we recovered out of TeraT’Inu’Itil, for if someone had managed to infiltrate the machine room once, then it was quite possible they would be able to do so again. So we did indeed send the T’Iea-brother, the one you call Iolrreas abroad with one of the devices with orders to guard it and only relinquish it to the right people. It is good to know that he performed his duties admirably.”
I had to think for a minute but then it dawned on me that in fact between Tezrin and us we had three of the four, one was still missing, the other one that the Keepers had sent to a safe place. I mentioned this excitedly to the grand Master.
He then said, "yes, exactly." You should know that the remaining Biplextor was also sent out of TeraT’Inu’Itil with another . This person had the same orders as T’Iea-brother Iolrreas, to ensure the safety of the devices until such time as a company made up from each of t races appeared to take it.”
I felt deflated, I stood and turning I went across to the window of the house and leaning on the pane said, “we have been to many places Grand Master but no one has given us a Biplextor other than Iolrreas.” 
I felt down hearted, as far as I could understand no one knew the whereabouts of the last and final chip, I couldn’t even begin to guess where it might be, it might even be in Tezrin’s possession by now, I shuddered at the thought. I sat down again with a thump. But I asked the question on my mind. “Grand Master, who, what is the name of this other, the one that has the last Biplextor device?”
The Grand Master looked at me thoughtfully. He seemed to hesitate.
I was beginning to wonder if he actually knew.
But Seri suddenly spoke, almost shouted, “but let us not concern ourselves with that, for I am sure that it will turn up sooner or later, for I feel that the person that has the last chip is very close and we will have it by the time we need it I am sure.”
The Grand Master looked at Seri a slight frown upon his features, but he said nothing. I concluded from what she had just said that Seri might know the whereabouts of the last chip. But I was wondering about the Grand Master, her reaction was strange and something was telling me not to say too much so I did not press her further.
The Grand Master did then speak, he said, “without these controlling devices the machine began to shut down and malfunction. This happened very slowly to start with and only recently have the effects of this begun to show as anomalies in the natural balance of the world. But we fear these will increase as time goes on and we greatly fear the worst will happen if the machine is not set to rights again. 
He then looked down and took a deep breath. “You should also know something else that may be of significance to you. There was a T’Iea who made his way into TeraT’Inu’Itil accompanying a returning brother, he said he wished to learn the ways of Eny’Nin’Rel. He gained a lot of respect from all here for he learnt quickly and was seen to apply his mind for the greater good. In deed the T’Iea accomplished much in the years he was here. But after it was too late the keepers discovered that this elf had other motives to come here, he learnt how to access the voids and after a while he seemed very interested in one place in particular and spent many long hours in the company of the Key to that place. They became firm friends. But one day the T’Iea returned from the void without the Key, he was distraught and was so upset he could not say anything. Eventually he calmed and confessed that the Key had suffered a terrible accident in the void and was now dead. The T’Iea said that the dying words of the Key were that he, the T’Iea, should take over the responsibility for being the Key to this void for there was no other to pass on the knowledge to. So we had no choice, this T’Iea, being the only one with the knowledge of the Key entered the brotherhood and became the Key to that place. This was a significant precedent, for never in history had any other race been given such an honour amongst us.”
“An honour indeed,” I said, “but who was this T’Iea, is he still here today, I’d quite like to meet him I think.”
“He is no longer here I fear Mini,” said Serinae, “at least in a way I hope he isn’t.”
“Why?” I asked, “do you know him?”
Serinae looked toward the grand Master.
The Grand Master said the name. I sat down hard and buried my head in my hands. It transpired that Tezrin had become the Key to one special void in particular, a place that has numerous doors, in fact one of the main linking voids leading to many other places. What the keepers called gateway voids. These gateway voids provide back-door entrances to many other voids, they were kept for safety reasons, kind of an escape route in case the normal access points were disabled.
“But what would he need this for, was he trying to find the way to somewhere?”
Serinae replied, “Yes Mini, I believe he was, and I believe he found it also. Worse than that I think Tezrin also gained access to the machine hall and here using the Biplextors he recovered was able to gain limited use of the machine. He was able to create those beings that attacked Corbond and Scienocropolis. I am now sure Tezrin is the one responsible for these attacks.”
“But why Seri, why would he do these things?”
She seemed annoyed at this question, her eyes glowed green and she snapped at me, “how should I know!” 
But then she quickly seemed to regret this outburst. “I’m sorry Mini, please forgive me, I should not have taken that out on you, you were in no way to blame, it is a question I often ask myself. He has wasted so much Mini, his life, our love and for what? Nothing but pride, arrogance, inner selfish ways. It’s all so destructive Mini, such a waste. If only he had used all his intellect for good, then he would have been truly great, instead he has followed perverted paths, lusted after false power. Thus twisted into believing in his ow warped success, he has in fact fallen far short of his true potential.”
At this she looked at me tears welling in her eyes, her fists clenched. All I could do was to take her hands in mine and hug her close. I could feel the damp tears soaking through my shirt at the shoulder. We stayed like this for many minutes, but then she pulled away from me and drying her eyes on the towel.
She again looked at me and said, “he has to be stopped Mini. I have to stop him. I cannot allow him to cause any further hurt; this has gone on long enough.”
“But how will you find him?” I asked.
At this she looked deep into my eyes and said, “we won’t have to Mini, if I know Tezrin he is surely coming, he will be here before long, he has followed us since we left upon this journey, I believe he may have come to some conclusions by now, he will come and try and recover the chips we have, of that I am sure.” She turned and strode back into the small room at the back of the cottage.
The Grand Master stood and turned to leave; as the door was opened he turned back and said, “my friends be encouraged, much has happened throughout history for good and bad, but we have the opportunity here and now to finally make everything right once more, to right the wrongs of the ancient past and to bring those who perpetrated those wrongs to justice. We should embrace this one chance, for it has been given to us freely and with great confidence that we will succeed.” He then turned back and was gone through the open door which closed behind him.
I decided to give Seri some time and space, so I left the house and walked down the ramp to ground level. I chose a direction and just walked for a few hours.

Chapter 42 The Machine Hall Annex

Extract from ‘The People of the Void’ by Solin’De’Teinde.
The dwarves may continue to mine the voids to this day. But I suspect that the demands made upon them from the Keepers has diminished along with the Keepers themselves. Once I spent some time in Gwéldølĩn, some time ago now when researching for other works. I was fortunate enough to have been invited to spend time in the company of one of the mining guilds, in all the time I was there not once was a mining team contracted to go into the voids to fulfil a particular order.
~

Several days after our meeting with the Grand Master we received an invite to attend a ceremony. Serinae and I were escorted to the temple by Jolshun and Fionera and on arrival at the gate we were again reunited with each of our friends. We were led inside where tables and benches had been laid out in the main foyer and many of the peoples that lived here were already seated. We were all shown to a table and bid sit down where drinks of fruit juices were served and we had the chance to catch up as a group again on what we had been doing over the last few days whilst enjoying the hospitality of our kinsfolk. 
We ate in merriment for some hours. But eventually the Grand Master stood and a single chime of a bell announced the call for silence, the whole room fell quiet and all eyes turned to the top table. The Grand Master glanced all around the room.
Then he said, “we have waited for this moment for many long years. At last the time has come. We have been given the chance, the one chance to right the decay we have witnessed. Tomorrow we will guide our friends here to the inner halls there to awaken the power once more that can right the decay of the world. We have been given the opportunity to repair what has been damaged, to put right what has become wrong. We can save this world and ourselves. This is close at hand within our grasp; we are all of us indebted to these brave folk who have done much in the service of all. We ask one final thing of them, that they complete what they set out to accomplish, for accomplish this they must, for the sake of all.”
He turned to face the table at which my companions and I sat, he bowed deeply.
“My friends we are honoured by your presence, we thank you for your toils and each of us will support and aid you to the end.”
At this everyone in the room stood and turning towards us they all bowed and silence fell upon the room. I could feel myself glowing red and I clasped my hands nervously behind my back, it seemed like hours that I looked out over the sea of heads bowed in our direction. Then all looked up and sat and the feast resumed, I found myself looking at Serinae who nodded to me as I took up my glass and drank deeply.

So at last perhaps the final and possibly the most harrowing leg of our journey was upon us. We had come far through many ills and managed to get this far. I suppose I should have felt gladdened by the thought, it would seem that this last leg may be an easy one, all we had to do was enter the machine hall with the guidance of the Keepers and put things to rights, yet I could not shake off an awful feeling in the pit of my stomach, a feeling of impending doom. Looking around the faces of my companions I suspected that they too felt a similar anxiety. I was expecting that here in TeraT’Inu’Itil we would find a place of sanctuary, a safe place to strike out from and complete our task and in many ways that is exactly what we had found. Yet since being here I felt the old underlying uneasiness rising again, that anxiousness. There was something amiss even here, something was not right. But despite this discomfort I knew we would go ahead anyway, try and fulfil what we set out to do, or perish in the attempt. I prayed to the Maker that he would guide our hearts, minds and hands and be by our side all of the way, for I knew we could not do this alone.
But like everything this period of relative safety came to an end. It felt exactly like that day when we left fare Gwéldølĩn, but this time we had no army to protect us. We stood in the portal hall of the Keepers waiting for the Key, the Keeper who would to take us to our final destination. The hall was a long narrow room of featureless black rock, the only punctuation were small motifs carved into the rock above the alcoves that marked the portals. These gave some kind of indication as to where that particular portal, when activated, lead to I supposed. Apart from us and the Grand Master, the hall was empty, I don’t know if all travel had been stopped in anticipation of our trip, but it felt quiet and didn’t aid my general disposition of uneasiness. The waiting was taking a toll, for we knew we could not move forward or go back. I looked once again into the faces of my companions; each stood stock still, resigned to whatever our final journey took us to. Only Serinae in her inimitable way was stroking the wood of her bow with an oiled cloth and humming quietly to herself as if this was just all in a normal day. The Grand Master appeared solemn, he hadn’t said much since our arrival here.
But then the far wall of the hall shimmered as a portal activated, the same one as we had entered minutes before, another hooded figure stood before us, the Grand Master nodded a greeting. The new arrival was undoubtedly a Keeper, clothed in the usual way of his kind,  hood pulled up over his head so that no one could see his features. This I assumed was the Key to the void that we must now travel to. The moment was close now and I felt that I just wanted to get all of this over and done with so that we could all go home. Home, back to? But the question remained unanswered, what was I going back to? I felt changed, different, not how I had felt at the start of this journey. I remembered the anticipation of going on this adventure, the almost childlike skip in my step as I looked forward to all manner of exciting events and places to visit, the world laid out at my feet. Yes, I had found that, but also great danger, even death. I had walked a narrow path, I only needed to stray but a little and it could have been my own demise. I had become so used to this journey and everything it had brought. I looked at Serinae, still smoothing the wood of her bow, this was her world, her domain. What was I going to do with my life after it all this was over, become like her? Everything else seemed then to pale in comparison, perhaps nothing could take the place of the last months. So much had been compressed into such a small time scale. The density of experiences that my mind and brain was now used to, would I be bored or go completely mad if it was subjected to lack of input in comparison? I finally thought I understood what Seri’s life must be like, a life full of excitement, danger, adventure a life full of uncertainty. How could she switch off? Maybe she never did. 
The Key walked forward and placed the palm of his hand onto a small receptacle I had not noticed before, a shimmering glow growing on the wall in front of us heralded a portal opening, slowly enlarging and eventually fully formed ready to transport us to, well I knew not where. 
The Grand Master nodded his approval and turning to us said, “the Makers speed to you all, I pray for success and your safe return.”
He glanced at the Key and nodded, something passed between them, his consent to proceed I guessed. But the moment was quickly over, he stood back and sweeping his arm and hand towards the open portal indicated that we should proceed. The Key stepped into the portal and was gone. We all stood still, no one presenting themselves to be first through.
Jondris shrugged and smiling at me said, “well someone needs to be first,” and to my complete surprise, taking a comical, jaunty step he almost danced through the portal. 
This lightened my mood, I wanted to relish the moment of Jon playing the joker, I now stood nearest the portal, the next in line, I hesitated for a moment. But Jon going through seemed to make it alright to walk forward somehow. So after the briefest delay I took a deep breath and closing my eyes I stepped forward. I felt the usual tweaks to my anatomy as I passed between the voids, the momentary pressure on my ear drums, the stretched feeling in my chest, the slowing of time, but as always the strangest thing for me was the lack of pressure on the souls of my feet as if I was hanging in mid-air somewhere, the closest earthly experience was when swimming in water. But then I felt pressure return once more under my boots. My senses were not yet clearly adjusted after the jump through the portal but I instinctively walked forward to clear the way for the next person through. Then after a few seconds when everything had calmed I opened my eyes. I could make out a dark mound on the floor of the cavern just in front of where I now stood. It looked like a bundle of cloth, then it struck me it was Jondris slumped onto the floor, a dark spot next to him, I gasped as I realised that this dark spot was a pool of blood slowly flowing from beneath his prone form. I wanted to scream but something clamped over my mouth and I felt myself being dragged away over to the far wall of the cavern. I could not take my eyes off the body on the floor, all I wanted to do was go to him and heal his wounds, make him well again. I struggled but my assailant held me tight and close, then I felt a cold stinging sensation at the front of my neck and something told me to hold still. Something warm was trickling down my skin from where I had felt the sting, I knew it was blood, my blood! I had a blade pressing into my skin. 
I was forced to stop still and was turned back towards the portal. I was then aware of the others, all of my remaining fellow travellers had now entered and now stood just in front of the portal. I wanted to scream at them, Jondris, look to Jondris, but when I moved my jaw to let the words out a sharp pain stopped me form opening my mouth any further, and all that came out was a pathetic groan. My eyes widened as I looked upon Serinae, she had her bow fully drawn and I was aware of her bright eye looking directly at me down the length of the drawn arrow. She meant to shoot me? No that could not be, it was whoever was behind me holding me immobilised that she was aiming at. But even so I wanted to move my head out of the way of that arrow point that still looked although it would pierce my head as easily as it would pierce whoever was behind me.
Then it struck me, my captor? He must be the Key, he was the first and only other person save Jondris that had gone through the portal before me, unless someone was waiting in here already. My eyes shot around the room, there on the ground across from Jondris another huddled form lay against the wall. This was definitely a Keeper, his hood thrown back showing his pallid skin and lifeless eyes and as with poor Jondris fresh blood pooled beneath a ghastly slash across his throat. So my assailant was here already, waiting for whomever would be next through. He had killed the first two people through the portal, would he have killed me if I came through instead of Jondris? Probably not, it would have been easier to overcome me and hold me immobilised, that much he had proved, I felt guilt and despair flow through me, poor Jon if only I had gone through after the Key, then he would probably still be living. 
Łĩnwéé walked forward and bent to administer to Jondris.
A voice close to my ear said, “leave him, or your healer friend here will never talk again.”
At this my head was jerked back presenting my throat to the blade that was held there. I made a strange gurgling rasping sound, as Łĩnwéé slowly stepped back away from poor Jondris. That voice, the voice near to my ear, I recognised it.
Then Serinae spoke confirming my fear, “Tezrin, release Minervar or I will be forced to shoot you.” 
Her voice sounded just like it had in the tavern in Corbond such a long time ago, steady and calculating. So the rogue was here, but what was he intending? 
“Ah Seri my dear, I would spare her if I could, but at the moment she is my currency with which to bargain, you see I need the Biplextors you have, I think it is a fare exchange eh? The life of our pretty friend here for those two chips you carry?” 
“I will not give you the Biplextors Tezrin, but I will not hesitate to shoot you.”
“Hmmm,” said Tezrin, “and here’s me thinking after all we meant to each other, after all those long years of companionship, of looking out for each other. Of the childhood fun we had. All those fond memories.” He made a sort of tsk, tsk sound. “I’m very disappointed Seri I really thought I meant more to you than that.”
I thought I saw Serinae’s hand waiver ever so slightly and her green eyes dim for a second or two, but then she was back on full alert once more.
Tezrin chuckled close to my ear and whispered, “well my lovely Minervar, here’s an interesting gamble,” Then louder he said, “but I think I know you Seri, we have shared a lot in the past. I know you’re a good shot, no one could better your eye with an arrow. That bow of yours was the envy of the guild was it not? I often wondered where your mother got it.
Serinae’s eyes burned still brighter and the string of her bow creaked as she drew even further upon the tension of the bow.
Tezrin moved slightly further around behind me as he said, “I know you are more than honourable, I know you are determined and resolute once you decide on something, but here’s a thing Seri my dearest, are you sure about this? Would you actually shoot me? Risk hitting our healer friend here. But then I know you can place your arrow anywhere with great accuracy; I’d like to think that you would aim to incapacitate me not to actually kill me? Would you kill me Seri? No, I think not.”
Then again whispering he said with some venom, “but I need to make these negotiations short, maybe a little trim here.” 
At this a sharp pain stabbed my neck beneath my ear, warm fluid trickled down my neck, I cried out in pain and shock as something was cast upon the floor in front of me. A little bloody thing pointed at one end it splattered red droplets as it hit the ground. My heart sank as I realised it was my ear! I heard Tnie cried out in alarm. My knees gave way but strong arms held me, I felt the blood drain from my head and I felt sick and faint.
Serinae moved silently to the left to get a clearer shot, Tezrin moved to counter her, presenting less of him and more of me as a target. Łĩnwéé was turning his great battle axe slowly in his hands whilst shifting his weight from one foot to the other, he was shouting something in his own language, the look of rage upon his face was terrifying. The wound on the side of my head was stinging horribly as I felt my shirt sticking to my skin as if I had been immersed in water. 
Serinae said through the haze of my pain, “Tezrin, please release Mini, then let us talk about what you want.”
“What I want? Hah! You can’t even begin to guess Seri my darling, this moment I have planned for years ever since my clients so kindly offered me my greatest and most profitable commission. But before that I had managed to infiltrate the Keepers closed little sect,” he turned slightly as if using me as an indicator pointing towards the dead Keeper lying on the floor. “I gained access to the machine hall. Now that was an attractive qualification for my clients, they were willing to pay me anything and entrust me with everything they could offer, just for me to perform a simple task to access that place. They made me Gatekeeper. A great privilege for someone outside of their own. In fact a first and it was me they chose.” He was silent for a while, I could hear him gloating in the silence.
Serinae however had flinched at the word Gatekeeper, she seemed to be hesitating, her mind indecisive. She whispered. “The T’Iea’Neat’Thegoran.”
He chuckled and continued, “Seri, you can’t even begin to guess the power that awaits just the other side of this room.”
“You have been in the machine hall then?” Asked Tnie.
“Why yes of course, many times my Pnook friend, oh by the way I changed the lock. After all we wouldn’t want just anyone joining the party would we.”
At this he giggled to himself he dragged me along the wall at the rear of the chamber. He positioned his dagger under my chin again the point keeping me on my toes to stop it penetrating my bottom jaw, I was forced to hold my head high so that I was looking up at the roof of the chamber.
“Yes indeed, I have been busy getting to know the ins and outs of the Ancient Fathers great machine, how else do you think I managed to create my little army?”
I felt a jerk he did something with his other arm and I was aware of a low hum behind me. He kept repositioning me to stop Seri getting a clear shot, but I could see out of the corner of my eye that another portal had been opened in the wall.
Seri spoke softly. “So it is you that controls those abominations. But they are not really that effective are they Tezrin?”
He shook his head for I felt his breath move across the back of my neck.
“I’m afraid not Seri, sadly no. Unfortunately, without the remaining chips, I found I was quite limited in my creativity shall we say. They provided a necessary diversion. But as luck would have it I no longer need to concern myself with them, once I have the other chips my purpose will be fulfilled in a much simpler way.”
My legs were beginning to feel weaker and I found myself swaying, I would have fallen to the ground if Tezrin did not hold me in an iron grip.
“How are you feeling Minervar? A little out-of-sorts perhaps? Ah good, then the poison I so lovingly crafted onto my blade is having an effect. Don’t worry about the missing ear you won’t feel anything soon I can assure you.” 
Serinae gasped and released the tension on her bow. I felt dismay for I understood that Seri was my only hope, if she had given up then I was doomed, abandoned to my fate. I couldn’t believe she was doing this, I felt let down. I watched as she slowly removed her pack and retrieved from it the bag I knew contained the two chips we had, this she slid across the floor towards Tezrin, he tugged at me making me move towards the bag on the floor which he slid towards him with the toe of his boot. 
“Ah, thank you my kind and considerate my lady. Now the last one if you please.” 
Serinae glanced at Tezrin looking a little surprised. 
“Oh yes Seri, I know that four Biplextors are needed to complete the set. I found that out early on. One I have already, given to me by my clients, one I have gained from the necklace you so kindly aided me in obtaining, you have to admit Seri it was fun working together once more, like old times wasn’t it?” He chuckled close to my ear before continuing. “Now I suspect there is one within the pouch you have just given me although I do not know from where you got it. Perhaps sometime in your travels, perhaps the T’Iea in Tent Town? Ah, I see I have guessed correctly. Yes Seri I knew him Master Iolrreas, we met in TeraT’Inu’Itil in fact.”
Seri was seething, her anger would have boiled over if it wasn’t for me being held captive. “You have no honour Tezrin, you are no longer the person I knew. You arranged for the Ognods to ambush Iolrreas and his family didn’t you? You are responsible for Iolrreas’s wife’s death, aren’t you?”
“Alas that stroke of genius was not mine Seri, no. There is another who I had the pleasure of working with, a very experienced and very clever old assailant. He first gave me the idea you know. Seeded the first thoughts all that time ago. First made me realise my ambitions, opened all the doors for me. I have a lot to thank him for.”
Seri said slowly. “Who?”
Tezrin chuckled, “oh how you would love to know that snippet of information. But then I felt his mood change. “Come Seri enough toying, this conversation is at an end. I know you have the fourth and final Biplextor with you, in fact you’ve had it all this time haven’t you, ever since the witch gave it to you.”
Seri looked shocked for a moment but then immediately recovered her composure.
“Oh don’t look so surprised my dearest, yes I know, she was pleasant enough to my face, but she always thought our match was a bad one, she never trusted me. You on the other hand, you saved her life, provided her with a companion and travelled with her, you were always her favourite. Me, I was just a thorn in her side, someone who might entice her precious body guard away. We had a few heart to hearts the witch and I, she used to watch me like a hawk, had me followed by her servants everywhere I went. She knew I sort it, the Biplextor, even though I doubt she knew what it contained or even maybe what it was for, she was just tasked to be its guardian was she not? But she knew it was only a matter of time before I found it in her house in Amentura. I must say I find that a little flattering. But try as I might I could not locate it. There was only one other place it could be. She gave it to you for safe keeping and you have it still, don’t you Seri my dear. What did she ask of you Seri, eh? Did she warn you off me, did she tell you I sort the device and would use it unwisely? Such a shame your real mother was not around any longer, she liked me, she would have stuck up for me. Not like that witch, was she ever a replacement for your dear mother Seri?”
Serinae looked like she would explode, her eyes were that piercing green I had seen before when she was ready for battle, but this time the look of hate on the rest of her features was unbelievable.
“Don’t you dare Tezrin, how dare you pervert the feelings my mother had for you. Yes she loved you to begin with, but she died before you lost your mind. Even your own parents loved you once before they disowned you. Do you want me to describe to you how your mother grieved, how she felt? Do you know how much hurt you caused?” Seri tried to speak again but so much emotion stopped her words, she could not say any more. Once she had composed herself she managed to say. “You have no right to speak of good people, you gave up that right when you brought so much pain to them.”
“And you Seri, did I hurt you?” He smiled as he said, “you have it cleverly hidden somewhere. It must be a good place for I have never managed to find it to this day, very clever of you I’m sure.”
Serinae’s features changed, a sadness was in her eyes as she almost pleaded, “Tezrin why are you doing this, what do you hope to gain?”
“Ah my dearest, it is not I. My interest is purely selfish accomplishment. My clients however have a long standing goal, a goal they have coveted for millennia. At last it seems I have provided them with the necessary tools and expertise to realise that goal.”
I could imagine the smug look on Tezrin’s face, the look of triumph, as he relished his accomplishments. 
“They seek to have this world destroyed, they want to be able to start again in another world where they will be dominant and have total rule. I am but a pawn in all this. They have offered a kingly reward for me to stop you. Thanks to the Keepers who have proven; well, let me see what is the word, 'helpful' I guess. I have far excelled my remit. I have been able to offer my clients a solution to all their wildest dreams. I am a hero Seri. I am the Gatekeeper, exalted above all others, I can do no wrong in their eyes. I have found a way out to a safer place for my clients and myself, once my work is done. You know there is another world accessible through these planar voids, one just waiting for a superior race to take over and manipulate to their desires and without this world or the elder races there will be no opposition to them doing so. Guess Seri, guess who has the power to access that place? Guess who will become the Key to that world?” 
At this he laughed out loud before saying, “Ah Seri, with the power of the great machine at my command and the knowledge it holds, I will open the door to this other world and I expect to enjoy the results of my ill-gotten gains.”
He then paused and said, “Oh by the way it was very considerate of your eastern friend to play the hero. I must say I found some delight in my revenge on him after the embarrassments he caused me in Corbond last time we were there. Safe to say I have kept the wolf from your door!” This last he said with some amusement in his voice.
He then cruelly let these words sink in before saying. “You could come with me if you like, we were good together once Seri you and I, we were unstoppable were we not? No one could match my cunning and no one could better your skills with weapons. Just think Seri, we could be even greater if we were to join together now, the two of us back in business, just think of the fun we could have being masters over our own world, you would like that Seri, wouldn’t you?”
Serinae seemed to completely disregard Tezrin’s last comment and said with some venom in her tone and a look of disgust upon her face, “the dark brethren are mad Tezrin and now that madness I see in you.” 
Then her features changed, I could see some other look of appeal had replaced the revulsion as she said, “it’s not too late, it’s never too late, you could choose redemption instead of damnation Tezrin, you could help save this world and all its inhabitants, that would be a far more noble act.”
At this Tezrin laughed under his breath and then sighed. “You know Seri that is so typical of you, you lack imagination, you never understood true power did you, you were always content with lesser things. Well I am not so easily swayed; you have no idea, not one original thought in your mind. Your trouble dearest Seri is you have no ambition. I found you weak then, that’s why I had to move on and I still find you as such now.”
Serinae I could see was trembling; her hands shook by her sides.
Tezrin chuckled and placing his mouth close to my ear said, “what about you Minervar, are you attracted by infinite power and wealth? Would you like to live like a queen and be by my side? It is a beautiful place you know, my future realm. It lies empty at the moment; it’s former inhabitants had abandoned it long ago.” Then raising his voice so all could hear he continued. “Seri would like it, it is full of things she would just love to see if she only had the imagination. In fact it is probably the place that long bow of hers originated from, so much T’Iea culture and the ways of old, right up Seri’s street so to speak.”
I felt his breath move away from my neck, I assumed he moved his head to look directly at Serinae.
“Yes Seri it even has a forest like no other, a forest of giant trees. A forest of S’Apli’Baum, can you imagine?” Then in a softer voice, his hot breath once more caressing my skin, “I alone can cure you from the poison that even now courses through your body, there is yet time. Come Mini it’s tempting isn’t it?”
I found I could not answer even if I wanted to, I could just about move my lips but no sound came forth from my mouth.
“Such a shame, but then I suppose I won’t have to share any of it after all. NOW! Seri my dearest hand it over if you please. We are out of time.”
Serinae looked horrified as she looked at me, she looked crest fallen and resigned, her eyes looked into mine a look of great concern shone forth from them. She crouched down and placed her bow upon the floor in front of her. She then reached into her pack once again not taking her eyes of mine as she withdrew a silken cloth and unwrapped the little T’Iea statue, the bard that had played and sung so sweetly and happily for us. 
Tezrin chuckled. “Ah yes of course, silly of me not to have looked there, but then it was my gift to you wasn’t it, on the day that we finally both finished our training in the guilds. Funny how my gift was the only one you were given. Did our masters hate you so Seri? Did they hate what you were? I failed to even think that you would, or could have placed it there when I thought I knew the item so well.” He chuckled and whispered in my ear, “you don’t know half of it Minervar, you think you know my lady Serinae? Well you can’t even begin to understand her, you can’t even comprehend the hate our people have for such as her.”
I flinched as he shouted close to my ear, “HAND IT OVER NOW!” 
At this Serinae, keeping eye contact with Tezrin, slowly lowered the hand that held the bard and suddenly with a sharp movement threw the little statue into the air. I watched as it seemed to take forever to fly up high above our heads tumbling over and over, then suddenly the beautiful little man exploded, shattering into a thousand pieces, I gasped and looking at Serinae I realised that she had retrieved her bow from where it lay at her feet and shot forth an arrow. 
I heard a scream close to me, “NOOOOO”. Then the sound was cut off sharply.
I felt deeply saddened that the little man would play no more. But then I could not feel the blade at my neck any longer, and all I could hear was a gurgling noise close behind me, I felt a splatter of hot fluid all down the side of my face and neck, Tezrin’s iron grip upon my arm and the pressure of his other arm across my breast bone got less, his arm actually slid down to my waist and then relinquished its supporting grip on me altogether. 
I was released and staggered forward falling to my knees. I turned half expecting a knife to be plunged into my back at any time, but Tezrin was also kneeling on the ground behind me and slightly to my left. I fell on my side, my head felt heavy as it lay upon the floor, I just stared at Tezrin. His eyes were staring at Serinae, then I noticed that his breathing was laboured. My eyes saw a dark spot on the front of his neck, there was a jagged red hole just below the little lump that males have, there was a wetness all the way down the front of his clothing, a red pool of blood on the floor in front of him, for one moment I thought it might be mine. But the hole in Tezrin’s throat was spattering more crimson liquid down the front of his robes and onto the floor in front of him as his laboured rasping breath was let out. He dropped the dagger he had held to my throat and slowly brought his hand up and touched the spot, then he reached with the other hand towards Serinae, he stared at her with a deeply sorrowful look, it was as if he saw her for the first time. But his eyes glazed over, he managed to place one hand upon the floor in an effort to steady himself. But he was drowning in his own blood; he made an awful coughing, rasping noise before finally falling forward onto the ground where he lay still.
I just knew that he would not move again.


Chapter 43 The R’Alacry Fer’Def

Extract from ‘The People of the Void’ by Solin’De’Teinde.
There is a sadness in the race of the Keepers. Out of all the elder races they remain remote from the world. Something happened in their past, something that set them apart. I always thought it was the Ognods that were a race apart. But the Keepers aren’t just a race apart; they seem a race in banishment, not through the laws and penalties of others, but a self-imposed banishment. They almost feel afraid to me, unworthy perhaps to mix with others.
~

My muscles were starting to cramp up, my arms and legs were spasaming. I just about managed to look back at Serinae the side of my head and my hair soaked in blood, she had also slumped to her knees, her eyes were wet with tears, she let out a wail so forlorn I wanted to go to her, comfort her, she let her bow drop to the ground and her hands and arms just rested there by her sides as she began to sob, then raising clenched fists to her chest she cried out loud, her tears streaming through her closed eyelids. 
My whole body was reacting terribly; the pain was excruciating. I moved my eyes and gazed at Tezrin again, blood had pooled all around his head his eyes just stared in Serinae’s direction, but I could tell they did not see. Lying on the cave floor behind him was one of Serinae’s arrows, the shaft was shattered, she had loosed the arrow with such force it had struck Tezrin and passed clean through his neck and hit the cave wall beyond. I was aware of people moving around us, I felt hands grasp my shoulders, then my vision blurred and a wave of nausea struck me, I felt the contents of my stomach rushing up my throat, but the blurring turned to black and I just had a sensation of falling.
I hate that feeling in the pit of my stomach. When I was a child I had this reoccurring dream of running towards a cliff edge and however hard I tried to stop before the inevitable fall before me, I could not. Always over the edge I ran, I remember that initial feeling of fear as I plunged over the edge and saw some kind of black swirling mist below me, it looked oily with rainbow colours and seemed to swirl around and come back in upon itself. It almost looked like some writhing monster, it reminded me of the tales of the great dragons that I read about as a child. Always I wanted so badly to turn around and grasp the edge of the cliff, a last ditch effort to save myself before it was beyond my reach. I remember seeing a figure there with outstretched hand trying to reach me, to grasp me and pull me to safety, but this never happened and I continued to fall. I then had a feeling of resignation, I almost welcomed it because I knew the horrible feeling in my stomach would come to an end, nothing mattered any more, all that was left me, all I had to look forward to was the ending of that horrid feeling. But I always awoke before I fell through into the churning mist. But this time I thought this is no dream, yet that dark swirling mist was there in front of me rushing forward to engulf me all the same. I felt a moment of panic as it occurred to me that there was nothing to look forward to, no way of ending that terrible discomfort. What if this was it, and death was a never ending torment of that dreaded sensation. Then I started to think that perhaps at last I would find out what was within the swirling cloud before me. I looked, just blackness loomed ahead, but then a faint spark appeared, I thought it was just a trick of my eyes, but no it was definitely there and increasing in size. The spark grew and its light got brighter and seemed to split into a two separate lights, each moved slowly apart and became separated and distinctly individual. Then I realised they were figures dressed in white light, they were smiling at me, I tried to smile back but I don’t know if my features actually registered the movement. As they drew closer they slowed and eventually they kept pace with my fall. I looked into the faces, they were both looking into mine, just smiling. They looked very like the figure of Venetra, the representative of the Ancient Fathers that we saw projected in Solin’s house. I even said questioningly, “Venetra?”
Then I noticed that the falling sensation had gone. I thought in resignation, “well, that’s that then, I’m dead.” 
I must have said it out loud because one of the figures responded, maybe they spoke out loud, or maybe I just knew their thoughts in my mind.
“No Minervar. Death is here close by, but it has not claimed you yet. We will not allow it.” 
I then asked, “then where am I and who are you?” 
“You are at rest Minervar and we are merely messengers, we come at the bidding of the Askun-Hesbruunas to give you a choice.” 
I didn’t understand, but I asked, “a choice. A choice of what?” 
One of the figures pointed ahead and the other pointed behind. I looked in both the directions in which they pointed, but could see nothing just the oily mist swirling around. 
The first figure spoke, the one that pointed forward. “We give you a free choice Minervar, the choice to either continue onwards to your final rest, for a place has been set aside for you where you and your race belong Minervar, it is your right to return there and live out your days.”
Then the second figure spoke, still pointing in the direction I had fallen. “Or if you wish you can continue your toil and finish what you have started.” 
But what did they mean? What place where we belong? I asked the question, they just smiled. Then I thought rest oh! how good that would be, I could just give in, do nothing, relax, free from danger, free from responsibility, free from ……. But then I thought, no I wouldn’t be free. I remembered Teouso’s bravery and sacrifice for me and poor Jondris, dead upon the floor of the cavern, I remembered Serinae in tears kneeling helplessly on the stone floor. I remembered all of the gallant people I had met, I remembered my parents, my father still alive in the world. I remembered the task we had been set. I remembered Retta and her people, their struggle to survive. I thought of dear Dĩmmĩ in the beautiful city of Gwéldølĩn expecting us to return. I knew then I wanted to see it through, I wanted more than anything to see it finally to its end. I wanted to know that it had finished, I needed to know that not one single part of it could haunt me any longer. I wanted above everything to have it clear in my own mind that I no longer had any part to play in it. I wanted to be free of it, free of that responsibility and its hold upon me. So I made my decision, rest could come later, now I had friends to aid and tasks to perform and my own mind to settle. 
The figures in white seemed to understand my decision and nodding in what looked like approval one said, “then look to yourself healer,” and held out a hand towards me.
I lowered my eyes and looked at the hand, silvery and bright, its upturned palm inviting and I thought of my father’s hand as he used to hold it toward me so that as a child I could feel its warmth and safety. So I extended my hand towards the outstretched fingers. As our hands touched I felt a surge of warmth and light flood through me. It was like my brain had been switched back on, thoughts flooded into my mind, memories I had long forgotten. I remembered things that I had locked away in years gone by. It was like opening a book on my life and being able to read every page simultaneously, even those that I didn’t know I had.
I saw and remembered stars, billions upon billions of stars, suns, planets, gaseous clouds, vast nebulae, swirling galaxies. I saw and remembered a vast city where many of my people walked alongside Grûndén, Pnook, Keepers and yes, even Ognods.
Then I stood on high in front of a portal of sorts, I looked down upon a world ravaged and destroyed, where men were hunted mercilessly parts of them were surgically removed and stolen by machines.
I saw and remembered an enormous column of swirling matter, not unlike that which surrounded me now, it shot upwards from a great rend in the surface of the world. The pure arcane energy of which I knew it comprised spewing forth uncontrolled. I felt it, it made my skin crawl. I saw within it a terrifying face, it smiled at me from within the mass of swirling, oily substance, the face laughed hysterically, it had red coals for eyes, shaggy hair upon its face and twisted horns curled outwards from its head. It called to me, it knew my name.
I saw and remembered the red desert. I was flying low and fast, a mountain range quickly loomed before me, I rose up and over the pinnacles to see a valley in which was set a deep blue circular lake. When I flew over the lake I saw fire reflected in the waters.
Then darkness for a second or two before I saw a beautiful forest. The trees were enormous; their branches reached a thousand metres or more into the deep blue of the sky. The grass at my feet was warm and soft. I stood below the trees, I stood knee deep in colourful flowers, I could hear the large bees and other insects buzzing around me. I marvelled at the branches reaching far out over me, yet marvelled again that the nearest tree trunk was a hundred metres from me. I knew this place, I struggled to remember its name, I realised it was the same place that Tezrin had described. Anger rose at the thought of Tezrin and my thoughts darkened and changed.
Now I saw every deed I had ever done, people I had known flashed before my eyes, yet I could linger on their faces if I wished. There was my mother, there was Jondris and Serinae. True happiness flooded through me, contentment. I didn’t long for anything, I realised at that moment I had everything. In that moment I found a deep, deep feeling of complete satisfaction. I felt as if I knew myself for the first time, as if I completely understood who Minervar Tuenawii really was and is and even who she would be in the future. I saw every decision I had been faced with, I understood every result of every choice I had ever made and even the results of the choices I didn’t make. It was as if someone was showing me myself for the first time, someone who truly, really understood me was revealing all the things and facets of my being, every effect that I had or could have had in the world, all that I could never hope to have understood on my own. 
The book of my life, my past, my present and my future all the pages opened simultaneously, there each word, each sentence, each paragraph, all laid out for me to read without the hindrance of time. I lingered through the years with my mother, all the memories I had of her replayed before my eyes many times too numerous to count I wanted to stay there with her, but she waved me goodbye after kissing me gently on the forehead. There I was in the forests; there I was with my father’s sister and her family by the sea. But suddenly I became aware of something else, some malevolent force, it was trying to close the book, trying to shut all those wonderful thoughts out. I was angered that something was trying to separate me from all those private things, those personal things. I had to stop it, so I started to look for it, reached inside myself I hunted for it, oh how I hunted for it, relentless as a predator. I was the white wolf pack intent on running down the next meal for the cubs. I was the eagle impossibly high above the world but with the ability to see in intense detail everything that moved upon the ground far below. I was the enormous leviathan in the sea my calf by my side, long memory passed between us as she gently nestled against my body. 
I was in complete control, at that moment I had complete and utter command over myself, I feared nothing, there was nothing that could do me the slightest harm, for I understood everything, everything that had happened, was happening and would happen. I had infinite authority to change myself, whether it be then, now or yet to come. I had total supremacy of everything however and whenever I wished, there was no event that could surprise me or change me, for I had infinite versions of my own personal history to explore and play with. Time had no meaning; I would not give up this hunt until that evil thing within me was found.
I saw it, there deep within me a light was struggling with the darkness, these powers were locked in what looked like a mortal struggle, neither was gaining ground. They whirled around each other, each striking out but not harming the other. I watched in fascination as one attacked and the other repelled. Then I realised I needed to add to the light, aid it against its foe. Then it struck me, I had more light, much more light and with it, limitless power. I felt a great warmth flow into me and through me, I reached out with my mind towards the struggle going on in front of me. I just touched the darkness the smallest of caresses, a face, that same evil face I had seen in the oily maelstrom before spewing forth from the great rend in the world, the one with the horns. It snarled at me, the red coal eyes shone forth shooting a beam of energy. The beams hit me, I expected to feel great pain but none came. Instead I just gathered the energy and held it, then converted it into yet more light. The face seemed taken aback, confused, then it showed fear. I smiled for at that moment I knew it could do me no harm, however fearsome it looked it was weak for it held no presence. I recognised the fact that it was not a creation of the Maker. I took the light energy, I focussed it and threw it back at the face. Immediately the darkness recoiled as if in great shock, the light within me grew. The light swelled rapidly, unstoppable, the darkness shrank back in terror. As I watched in fascination it dwindled rapidly fighting all the time to regain what it had lost, but to no avail. 
I knew the dark could never have enough power; it was just so pitifully limited in its being. I saw it for what it really was, small, flawed and confined. It had a greatly limited intellect confined within the boundaries of its hatred. Its malformed mind understood nothing of me, but within my own unlimited enlightenment I understood everything. For the light was far stronger, always was, always is and always will be stronger. The light was formed in creation, by the Maker himself, where the dark was not. For darkness could not possibly have existed before the light, before anything was created, for it is an absence of light that allows the darkness to form, whereas an absence of the dark is impossible for the darkness is nothing, remove nothing from nothing and you have - nothing. Light can abolish the dark; darkness on the other hand having no substance cannot abolish the light. Even shadows, a weak manifestation of darkness can only exist because of the light. I thought of the words ‘separated at creation’ someone had said that to me, I couldn’t remember who. It took no effort at all to cast out the dark for it was utterly defenceless when faced with the true created power. I pushed and it was gone, as simple as that.
It was over, the darkness before me was gone, it had completely disappeared, not a trace of it remained , only light now dominated my field of vision. I again looked for the figure in white to give thanks, but they were just a glow in the distance, getting smaller as I watched.


Chapter 44 The Machine Hall

Extract from ‘The People of the Void’ by Solin’De’Teinde.
I can’t help feeling that the Keepers knowledge of the voids goes further, much further than the limited use they make of their skill today. I get the impression that their skill is not their chief racial trait, there is something more. I think they harbour knowledge so great that they see it as a curse. Their skills in travelling and their understanding of the principles of time and space are a result of something much bigger.
~

I awoke suddenly, my mouth wide open gasping for breath, my head pounded like a hammer upon an anvil, my chest strained at my exertions to breath. I became aware of bright lights surrounding me. I thought the figures had returned. As my eyes adjusted I indeed became aware of two figures sat on either side of me, a low humming noise filled the air, I could just sense that I was either outside in the open or within a vast space. When I looked up I could see far above me a number of bright globes of light, I counted them, six in all. I thought how lovely, I am back in Gwéldølĩn. I wondered if Dĩmmĩ knew I was back, I thought of her parting words to us, she would be sorely put out if she knew I was in the city and had not made straight to see her.
Then I heard a familiar voice say close to me, “hello Mini, thank the Maker you are back with us.”
I looked away from the globes thinking hmmm, day time and slowly as my eyes focussed I could see Serinae’s features looking down at me, I smiled and moved my head, on the other side of me sat Łĩnwéé, he also was smiling down at me. 
“Aye lass, ye had us a wee bit worried there for a while, but as ye can see Min, we found the other six eh?” He laughed as he pointed with his thumb toward the globes high above us over his shoulder.
I then asked, “where is Jondris?”
Łĩnwéé dropped his gaze, not able to hold mine.
Then I remembered, Jondris’s body lying on the cavern floor, I tried to get up, but a great dizziness came over me and I started to weep, gentle hands coaxed me to lie back down, Serinae’s voice whispered, “whoa, Mini just take it slowly.” 
Eventually I pulled myself together and with the help of Serinae and Łĩnwéé managed to sit upright. I had no recollection of the surroundings I found myself in. I thought I may be lost in the city, but it slowly dawned upon me that actually this was not Gwéldølĩn at all. Then my more recent memories started to return and I realised this was not the place where Tezrin held me prisoner either. A sudden thought made me raise my hand and feel for my ear, it was there, I felt the other one in case I had made a mistake, they were both there.
“Aye Min, the dangest thing, it grew back, all by itself like!”
I looked further around, the others, Retta and Tnie where across from us looking away at some low wall, this wall was covered in lights of all colours, some flashing some just shining forth. There were also some large glass window-like panels that I could see right through yet they had what looked like runes scrolling across their surface, other similar panels also had runes but these were just sitting there not moving, I could decipher nothing from them. As my gaze wandered I gasped, indeed we were in a vast open space, we sat on a highly polished rock ledge about one hundred metres across. This ledge curved around the great cavern and disappeared into the distance. Judging by the curvature of the ledge the cavern itself must have been more than ten kilometres across at its widest point and judging by the height of the roof above, about the same in height. Bathed in the reflected light from the great globes it was like sitting inside a vast ball. I made to stand, and my two companions helped me to do so.
Then with their support and guidance I was able to slowly walk across the ledge towards where Retta and Tnie stood. They were obviously in deep conversation about something. As I came close to them I could increasingly see over the edge of the ledge upon which we stood, there was no guard rail or anything to mark its edge. I slowly made my way closer and peering over the brink. There far below rows and rows of bright lights shone forth, it was like looking down upon the streets of Gwéldølĩn once again, but this was a far different place. There were vast criss-cross patterns of lights and amongst the lights I was able to see flashes and brighter lights running across the length and breadth of the cavern, some of the patterns looked although they were chasing each other from one part of the hall to another then back again. As my eyes scanned across the vista below I began to discern structures of some sort standing amongst the lights. I moved along the ledge towards my friends and I was able to see that Tnie held the bag of Biplextors in his hand and Retta was pushing her finger onto some pads set into the wall full of lights, in her other hand she held unravelled parchments. On the floor by her side stood the tube that she had been given in the Ognod city. As I got closer to stand beside Retta both her and Tnie turned to me and smiled.
Retta said, “hello Mini, I am glad that you are feeling better, and welcome to the machine hall.”
So this was the Ancient Fathers great machine, not Gwéldølĩn, not a city at all but a vast construction of unknown technology housed within the second great undertaking of the Grûndén as told to us by Ĝørtmûnd. Technology far beyond my ability to comprehend. I wondered if even Tnie was lost for words at the sheer size and complexity of the device, or devices for who knows what we were looking at. 
I asked, “what happened? I ….I….”
Serinae looked at me and then looking at Retta who nodded and turning back carried on with the task she was doing whatever that may be. Serinae stepped towards me and holding my arm guided me away from the others, back to the wall of the cavern. She gently lowered me to the ground and then sat beside me, we both leaned on the cavern wall watching Tnie and Retta carry on with the task at hand. Łĩnwéé slowly walked back and forth kicking his heels on the ground at each step, his arms folded in front of him.
Serinae was thoughtful for a while, but then turning to me she said, “Jondris has gone to meet his forefathers Mini, I’m sure you know that by now, I don’t think he suffered in death, Tez … at this she fell silent.
I held her hand tightly as tears welled in her eyes, then I too started to cry and we both sobbed into each other’s shoulders. After a while I calmed and felt able to talk again. I felt so much better, so I said, “seems we both lost something special today.”
She nodded in response. It was several minutes before her emotion had subsided enough and she was able to speak. Then in a slightly faltering voice she said, “you know Mini, I hated Tezrin for many reasons, but my love for him was stronger. It just goes to show the power of love, I really think I would have forgiven him everything, in fact I think I had forgiven him in my heart.”
“But how then could you ….” I felt I shouldn’t ask the question, but so much had happened I no longer felt afraid, I felt that I knew Seri well enough now. “You shot the arrow, it was you who …...” But I couldn’t bring myself to tell Seri that she had killed the one love in her life, she knew it, she had to cope with that knowledge and whatever other feelings she had inside, so I looked at the floor and remained silent.
She hung her head, “yes, but I could not let him kill you, and I could not let him carry out his perverted plans. I knew I had to kill him, I knew it had to be me. I had to save you and to save us all.” 
She looked at me, held my gaze and with a look of determination upon her face she said after taking a deep breath, “I had to save him Mini.” 
I looked at her for a long time, sorrow had returned to her eyes.
She remained silent for a while before she said, “I don’t know when he truly forsook everything to join the T’Iea’Neat’Thegoran. Perhaps I didn’t want to believe he had. If I’m honest I thought all along, I hoped, I foolishly hoped, he would come back to me. But I know now it wouldn’t ever have been so. I checked Mini, he had the mark, the brand of a high ranking official in the T’Iea’Neat’Thegoran, his soul was lost, both to me and to himself. He held the rank of the Gatekeeper.”
Again she was silent for a while. “You know he never tried to get me to convert, not like most would have, he hid it from me, he ran from me Mini, I truly believe he preferred my hate rather than have me join him in the dark brethren. If we were married and we had made that bond I would have gone you know, I think the bond between us would have demanded I support him in his choices regardless of how I felt. You know Mini that scares me. It scares me that it would have been so simple to choose the dark road instead of remaining in the light. Yet, I really believe he pushed me away, he purposely saved me from that decision.” 
I thought for a bit, from what she said I was reminded of the battle within me, dark against light, the way that they seemed identically matched in strength until I made the conscious decision to follow the light, only then the dark had dwindled for it had shown its true lack of strength, it’s falseness and its real weak futility had become apparent. Was that the way of all of us, equal amounts of both, light and dark reside within us all, for all of us have immense capacity to do good, but equally do we not have an equal capacity to undertake great evil?
Still clasping her hand I then said, “he must have loved you Seri.” I wiped a tear from my eye, “thankfully you didn’t join him, whatever the reasons behind it. I dread to think what would have come about if you had, for the T’Iea’Neat’Thegoran would have had such a warrior in you I think we would have been in a very different position to that we find ourselves in today.”  
She lowered her eyes to the floor. “You know Mini, Tezrin created the Startmektoken as a force of evil. He found out from the first Biplextor he was given, how to do terrible things, from that day he sort the other Biplextors and slowly he gained knowledge of all this,” she waved her hand around the machine hall. “But that was not all, he learnt also of places beyond here. This is just a start Mini, a hallway. There are other places further in that hold even more power and knowledge of that I am sure.”
I remembered Tezrin's words, how he had described a world, a world of wonder and great knowledge. “The home of the Ancient Fathers?”
She looked at me and said, “if he had gained full control of the machine the T’Iea’Neat’Thegoran would have had a terrible power at their disposal and I can’t bear to think what they would have done with it.” 
She then took my other hand and said, “I am so sorry about Jondris Mini, he was a good man, brave and true, he did not deserve death and he will be sorely missed.” 
I nodded in agreement, my heart ached and I would certainly miss him, I felt robbed in that I could not say a final farewell to him, thank him for all he had done for me, thank him for his perseverance and his guidance. But I did rejoice in the knowledge that I had known him well and he had blessed me with his friendship, his patience and his irreplaceable presence.
Just then the humming of the machine changed pitch and looking up we saw a circular glow form above a flat raised area to the left of where Retta had been at work.
Serinae smiled and said, “ah good, it seems that they have managed to gain access to the machine, at last the front door is open.”
This reminded me of something that I wanted to ask, “but the chip you had and hid in the little bard, didn’t you destroy it when you destroyed the statue?”
She shook her head, “no mini, the chip was never in the statue, it was hidden elsewhere. But so long as Tezrin thought it was within the statue and I had destroyed it then the loss of the little bard was not in vain.”
We stood and wandered over to where Retta, Łĩnwéé and Tnie stood, Retta was still pushing pads with her finger but the parchment that she was reading from was now placed on the floor beside her foot, she had obviously gleamed all the knowledge from it necessary to gain open access to the great machine.
As we watched the soft glow Retta took out the Biplextors from the bag they were in, she looked at Serinae who smiled. Then she handed one of the chips to Serinae with the words, “one from the T’Iea.”
One each she gave to Łĩnwéé and Tnie saying, “and one each from the Grûndén and the Pnook.
She kept the last for herself, “she looked at it, such a small thing in her hand before she whispered, “and one from the Ognods.” Then after a pause she continued, “the last time this was done was in the distant past, before the first age of this world. Mankind had all but destroyed themselves, the Elder Races had made a pact to help them recover. Each racial attribute was etched into these Biplextors, each of the elder races should be responsible for putting these back into the machine don’t you think?”
“What about the Keepers?” I asked.
Retta looked at me, “the Keepers were not here, they had retreated into their void home. One among them had betrayed the Elder Races, they had very little to do with the making of the machine. They were not present then and they are not present now.”
I wanted to ask more but Serinae motioned towards the soft glow, then grasping her chip, the chip that Retta had given to her, between thumb and forefinger offered it up towards the light, she motioned for us to do the same. As their fingers and the chips got near to the glow it seemed to extend forward four tendrils of light as if it sought to grasp the chips. Then all four tendrils of light gently enclosed around the four chips and the ends of the fingers of my companions, when the light touched each one of my companions it seemed to take on a new form. The tendril that touched Serinae’s finger formed into the shape of a vast golden tree. The light that touched Tnie changed into the representation of a Biplextor chip. The one Łĩnwéé attracted was now unmistakably showing a double headed war axe and lastly Retta’s showed a depiction of the twins Grouund and Gruoond as before sitting facing each other. 
But then the fingers withdrew back from Tnie, Retta and Łĩnwéé and the glow and the tendrils of light dimmed. The three chips they held were gone. Yet to our great surprise the tendril of light that held Serinae’s finger remained even though the chip she had held was gone. Serinae stood her eyes closed and a smile upon her lips. Several minutes past until finally the tendril of light that had touched her retreated and she sighed. “Well,” said Serinae, “now we have nothing left to do, hopefully the information contained within the four chips will integrate into the machine and eventually make adjustments so that it functions as it should do. Hopefully it will then detect anything that is not right and do whatever it has to do, thus ensuring the survival of this world.” 
I think I felt disappointment, after all these months of anticipation, we finally got to do what we all fought for, and some of us died for, yet that was it?  I was astonished, even slightly angry. Jondris and probably Teouso had died for this single moment, even Tezrin. There was nothing to balance their deaths against, no thanks, no acknowledgement of their sacrifice. But my attention changed back to the vast machine below us, it looked although the activity was increasing, the lights flashed and moved more brightly, many more had been added than when I first set my eyes upon the machine. The slight humming noise had increased and began to change in pitch as if someone was practicing a tune on some strange musical instrument. Lights then started to flash and come on all up the sides of the cavern wall; they looked like a star filled night shining above us. It looked and sounded for all the world that the machine was stretching its limbs and yawning, making ready to start a new day.
We all stood there and listened and watched the as the Ancient Fathers great machine slowly awoke.
 


Chapter 45 An Invitation

Extract from ‘Faith or Fact?’ by Solin De’Teinde.
Elit G’fedrel, a place thought to be linked to the voids but inaccessible even by the Keepers. Many T’Iea believe this place to be the gateway to the halls of Eny’Nin’Rel. A path that perhaps we all must tread, then again a path possibly closed to us permanently.
~

We lingered in the machine hall for a while longer, I didn’t think that any of us yet wanted to leave the sanctuary of that place, go back into the real world. In the time we were there the machine proceeded to increase its activity, the chasing almost playful lights I had seen before now became a blur of sequential patterns. The light show was amazing as it lit up the entire massive space that we were inside, the six great globes, the Brĩschlåûndérgré, shone high above. But eventually the time came when we were to make our way back. So we gathered our belongings as they were and I waited for I realised that I didn’t know where to go as I was unconscious when I was carried here to the machine hall.
Serinae smiled and said, “come Mini, this way.”
We all moved off towards an archway in the wall of the cavern, I had not noticed it before. Seri revealed a keystone; I had noticed she toyed with something in her palm before. She grasped it tightly and motioning toward us I grasped her hand on one side, Retta grasped her hand on the other. We stepped forward to face the archway in the wall. Immediately the inner portion of the archway began to shimmer and swirl, it got lighter and lighter and eventually a portal appeared. We walked forward again and passed through. I then recognised the anti-room where Tezrin held me captive. I dreaded the sight that I thought would befall my eyes once more. We were again in that same room where Jondris and Tezrin had died. Along with the innocent Keeper ‘Key’; there to one side lay three shapes draped in cloaks their heads and faces covered.
Serinae in her normal way said, “do not fear, I will arrange for them to be removed Mini, the Keepers will come and recover them.”
I then became worried, I didn’t particularly want to see Jondris’s dead body, but I became concerned that they may dispose of it and I wanted to fulfil a desire to somehow pay my last respects.
“It’s ok Mini, they will take them somewhere safe, I think that you and I should decide on their eventual resting place, I have already made my mind up and she whispered in my ear.”
She then turned and went back through the portal to collect Tnie and Łĩnwéé.
I stood there solemnly; Retta bent down and grasped my hand, she smiled at me. I didn’t even notice Seri return with the other two of our companions until Retta broke the silence. “We have to make a decision.”
We all looked at Retta questioningly.
“The five of us here hold a knowledge that no one else has, other than the Keepers of course, we have to decide what we will do with it.”
Then it dawned on me that she was right. We not only knew of the existence now of the machine room but also possibility of the legacy of knowledge that the Ancient Fathers had seen fit to make available to us, the knowledge freely given which Venetra had offered. Were we ready for it yet? Were we ready for that responsibility? Could we guarantee the sound and safe use of that knowledge? After all what would all that knowledge amount to? Would it change any of us for the better? I thought about everything I had learnt on this journey, all the people I had met, the trials that we had undertaken. I thought about who I was now and who I wanted to be in the future.
I looked towards Serinae; she was looking at me her intense green eyes burning into mine. I saw in her eyes the beauty and grace and knowledge of my people, I also saw the depth of culture of the T’Iea and all that we had stood for over the millennia of ages past. I saw all that had been gained and lost. All that had been learnt and forgotten. Reflected in her green eyes I saw my people for the first time in their entirety.
I said, “no the T’Iea do not need this knowledge, we have lived without it for countless ages past and I believe we can live without it into eternity. For some secrets belong to a higher authority than us, there are some secrets that are better left undiscovered and unsort. Some secrets are better left that way.”
Seri smiling broadly nodded her agreement.
Tnie was the next to speak, “well as things stand at the moment I do not have any hesitation in saying that my people would be better off without this knowledge at least for the time being, or at least until all the people are united again. Such knowledge in the wrong hands could have a catastrophic effect in the world of the Pnook.”
We all looked at Łĩnwéé. “Well m’ friends, the way I see it be that the Grûndén be happy as they are, we have no need for knowledge beyond the stars, we have everything that we need and the knowledge that defines our culture.”
Next all attention turned to Retta. She gave a deep sigh. “The Ognods are at the beginning of great change, our attitude to both the world in which we live and the peoples that live in it needs to change for the better. We have enough to think about, what would we do at this moment with all the knowledge of the Ancient Fathers? It would only serve to cause confusion, at worst it may pre-empt an attack by the Ognods upon the other races if we feel threatened by any additional knowledge that they may gain and use.”
Serinae smiled broadly she moved slowly towards me and embraced me in a hug. The others then joined us their arms around our shoulders and waists and there the company stood a deep understanding passing wordlessly between each of us. I final shared acknowledgment that we had finally come to the end, for we had truly succeeded in what we had set out to do.
As we finally dropped our embraces a movement caught my eye towards the side of the cavern wall just to our left, when I looked I could at first see nothing, but then I discerned a dark patch on the wall that seemed to be swirling and growing. It looked like a cave opening in the wall, it was pitch black and nothing could be seen beyond. I pointed at this thing and both Serinae and Retta looked to where I was pointing. Tnie and Łĩnwéé had their backs to this wall and Łĩnwéé must have seen the horrified look upon my face for he moved back towards me as he withdrew his battle axe from the leather scabbard across his back. Tnie levelled his ri’fal at the same time. My heart fell, if this was those dreaded Startmektoken coming yet to torment us and spoil our elations!
But just then a glow appeared from the previously black interior of the circle that had formed. The glow grew in intensity until it was so bright I found myself squinting at the intensity of it. A shaft of light shone forth from what I thought looked like a cave mouth. Then the light shimmered in two places and as we watched in wonder and astonishment two figures themselves seemingly formed from an even brighter light walked through the opening and stood in the room with us. I gasped, I had seen them or someone like them before it was the figures again, the ones that I had spoken to, the ones that said they were messengers and had offered me the choice. 
I gasped and said under my breath, “messengers.” 
Serinae looked at me quizzically, but then a broad smile shone upon her face.
Both the messengers were smiling and their features were beautiful, I could not say whether they were male or female. I looked at Seri she was staring at the figures a single tear ran down her cheek as she then bowed her head, the two figures also bowed and each extended a hand in greeting. Then I realised these beings were like the spirits we had seen in the forest they were R’Alacry’Fer’Def.”
I heard a voice in my head, I recognised it as being similar to the voices I had heard before offering me that choice. I smiled for I couldn’t believe that twice in one day I had been made an offer by these supremely beautiful beings.
“It seems Mini that we have been extended a special dispensation,” Serinae motioned towards the circular glow. Serinae strode toward the two figures until she was standing in front of them bathed in the light shining forth from the mouth of the cave. 
Eventually she returned and spoke with us. Indeed it was an invitation, the R’Alacry Fer’Def were inviting us to join them in their realm, they didn’t mention the name, but as a T’Iea I believed they spoke of Elit G’fedrel. They said the choice was ours, they offered us peace and healing for all the ills of this world, they offered to give any, or all of us who wished to go sanctuary and recompense in recognition for our labours. They were also very thankful to us for they also told us that their realm was where Tezrin and his T’Iea’Neat’Thegoran masters planned to have gained access to. The spirits seemed in no doubt that Tezrin’s planned invasion would have been put into motion once the destruction of this world was certain.”
I gasped and shivered at the thought and the depth of depravity of the plans that Tezrin had been a part.
Reaching out I held Seri’s hand and said, “But if we go will we be able to return?”
Seri looked at me and smiled. “I don’t know, perhaps it is only obvious once that person is beyond the portal and on the other side.” 
I was reminded of my own choice the last time the messengers were before me, I felt then that I had unfinished business in this world. I then thought all about the things I wanted to do here for the remainder of my life, I couldn’t think of anything specific, but I felt deep down that I still wasn’t ready yet to depart from it, there were so many things that I wanted yet from this life. I wanted to pick up the pieces; I wanted to enjoy the years of peace and tranquillity that lay ahead. I realised perhaps for the first time, I wanted also to visit two people who had come to hold a special place in my heart.
I looked at my companions, I silently asked the question, they all indicated that they would prefer to stay in the world and I felt I knew each of their individual reasons for doing so, for they were all honourable people. Yet Serinae remained eyes downcast, not seemingly able to look at me. Then it occurred to me. “You’re going aren’t you Seri, you’ve made up your mind already, you’re going through.” 
Serinae nodded and smiled. She came to me and grasped my hand.
“But what if you can’t come back?” 
“Well we won’t know until I go through Mini, I am willing to try.” 
She dropped my hand and looking down at her own she said, “You know Mini, someone far wiser than me said once, that you needed to be careful about travelling too much lest you lose your roots. Well I lost mine long, long ago, there is nothing left here for me, the task that was set before us has come to its conclusion. Now at last I feel tired, my long years on this earth have at last taken some toll on me it seems. I need a holiday, I need to rest. I need to find new roots again.” At this she giggled, “I can’t think of any other way to finish this and I kind of think this will be one last and final adventure for me.”
“But you have us Seri, we will all miss you, what if we have no contact with you, it would be as death, we may never see you again?”
“Dear Mini, I will miss you to, I will miss all of you, but you have your own life to find, this part of mine is coming full circle, with this done I’d only get bored anyways.”
She smiled, “death has no hold over me, I do not fear it, my faith in Eny’Nin’Rel and what he has done for us proves to me that death itself has been defeated, there can only be life and light beyond.”
I thought about the two spirits I had encountered before, how they told me that death was there waiting in the wings but they would not allow it entrance. They had command over it.
She held my hand and looking into my eyes placed something into my palm. I looked down; there in my hand were two items, one a Biplextor chip, the other a jet black shiny keystone. 
She winked at me a broad smile upon her face and said, “Tezrin had these, if you get a little bored Mini, go have yourself an adventure.” 
She continued to smile, hugged me and again winked her eye. Then she turned and the last words I heard her utter were,
“I do hope they have a nice cup of tea on the other side though.”
So there we stood, my companions and I at the end of our journey. We had already lost two of our number and we were probably about to lose another. Serinae slowly removed all of her gear. Her bow and sword belt clattered to the floor, her mail armour chinked as it dropped on top of the pile along with the vambraces from her forearms and now she stood there in just her leather trousers, boots and jerkin. Her cloak, chain mail, bow, quiver and swords, all her items of battle, lay at her feet, for she would not need any of them where she sought to go. She looked into the eyes of each of us, each saw peace and understood her feelings of love and friendship towards them, they said not a word. Then finally turning to me I ran over to her and she hugged me close, tears welled in my eyes. I wanted to plead with her to come home, to join me with our kin, I wanted to spend years of friendship, listen to her tales of adventure. I wanted her to be part of my life now that finally we could have peace. But I didn’t say anything further; the lump in my throat did not allow me. She let me go and with downcast eyes I turned to walk and re-join my companions, each was looking past me towards where Seri was standing.
Suddenly something occurred to me. Tezrin had accused Serinae of being something more than we knew, he said I would never understand her, he had even hinted that our people hated her. I gasped, I had to know, I turned to ask her as I shouted “Stop!” I was just in time to see her turn back she did stop momentarily, her eyes boar into mine and I thought she may wait, but she just winked at me and smiled before she turned and disappeared through the portal. She was gone and the portal was shrinking until it had disappeared. 
My companions and I picked up the items that Serinae had left and stowed them into packs and bags then silently we watched as six Keepers gathered up the bodies of Tezrin and Jon and their own, a seventh Keeper led our small procession back through the portal to TeraT’Inu’Itil and the temple. It was with heavy heart we returned to that place.
I blinked at the outside world, the sun shining down, the heat and the people strolling around the temple grounds. All seemed exactly the same as we left it, life carried on as it always did, people went about their daily business oblivious to what had just happened. But I knew that I would never be the same ever again.
 


Chapter 46 Homeward Bound Once Again

The great battle is done, the war is won
My life’s tasks I have striven to fulfil
Some good has come of all I pray
For this legacy I can now pass on,
To whoever may take up my rod.
For at last my labours have all but ended.
Nought is left for me, but the great journey.
One last final effort, before I rest eternal.
The ship has come hither to carry me home
The pure white sails are unfurling.
The light of the Everlasting shines forth.
Farewell all trials and tribulation
All I have I count nought in gain or loss
I return naked as the day I was born
All that I am I hold within me.
My heart of hearts is overflowing.
My friends I must leave you one last time
Do not mourn, for my passing is but a moment.
Until again we meet upon those sacred shores
See the white armada sailing forth born upon his breath.
I will wait for you, look to the sea for your coming
Do not weep for me, for I pass beyond the veil
Rejoice, for I am chosen for great reward beyond value
I receive at last what I have but hoped for in my dreams.
The Everlasting is calling me hither
I can linger no longer upon what I know.
The gentle voice I can no longer deny
For I see His path lined with silver and gold
The gates of gilded light are swung open wide
They welcome my return home from whence I came.
‘The Parting of the Chosen’ an ancient T’Iea poem - author unknown.
~

Over the next few decades the world did indeed return to a place of joy and stability. I don’t understand any of it, can’t even begin to comprehend what was being done and how, but the Ancient Fathers great machine and the knowledge it was endowed with, was indeed doing its work, the work it was designed for.
The Keepers did indeed take care of the remains of Jondris and Tezrin and they provided a funeral cortège to take their remains back and now both of them lie in the cemetery of the abbey of Dor’iesnal. I honoured Serinae's wish for Tezrin to be buried there and thought it only right that Jondris should lie alongside him. I no longer hold any bitter thoughts, Serinae had forgiven and so had I. But I have not been back there, perhaps I will one day, but for now I still feel that to see the abbey and the town of Corbond would be too much to endure, maybe it always will be.
We had journeyed back the way we had come, my remaining companions and me. Retta remained with her people and we stayed for a few days in the Ognod city. Retta related to her father the story of what had happened, he seemed to breathe a great sigh of relief. He seemed to diminish in stature both physically and mentally, and he told Retta that it was her turn to lead her people, she had proven herself more than capable and had gained quite a following after the tale was told of her part in the whole affair. To my great relief the right of Grun Hognak was waived as Retta had proven herself a more than capable leader through her recent acts. It seemed that this decision was the first time any Ognod leader had not had to go through this trial, a first reflection I hoped of the changing Ognod society.
Eventually Łĩnwéé, Tnie and I travelled south this time with an Ognod escort, they left us at the northern most point of the land bridge, they said they had been instructed not to cross in case the Grûndén on the other side misinterpreted their presence. We still had a way to go, even though I knew things were different, the rest of our people would take time to persuade.
My thoughts all the way back across the isthmus were melancholy. But a few days later we once again looked upon Tent Town and this brought happiness back to me. Our old friends and acquaintances welcomed us and again we stayed there for a few weeks. Łĩnwéé left us there, his plan was to return to Gwéldølĩn, he thought he owed his people an explanation of events, but not before he celebrated his return with several drinking bouts with his friends in the fortress tower. My last view of him was him going through the gates in the company of some of his old mates. I felt some envy, perhaps it was the simple life of the Grûndén that held its appeal.
Eventually though we left and Tnie travelled south with me I wanted some peace and it was my intention to break the journey south by visiting R’ealto’ Noac’ Trado the T’Iea fishing village on the coast of the Trad Ocean. I thought of the relaxation gained there as a child and it was my plan to stay there for as long as I wished. I was welcomed back there by my relations as was Tnie. It was there that he finally left with the intention of going back to Scienocropolis to see what he could do to aid in the Pnook gaining political stability. So one day he announced that he would leave to travel south to Amentura to gain passage to the Rust desert by the next available ship whether flying or sailing. I asked that he call on Solin to tell her of recent events and to let her know the news about Serinae. I was somewhat relieved that he agreed to do so. I gave him the journal I had kept of our journey; I thought it would give Solin an explanation of events. So it was I bade farewell to the last of my companions and I have not seen or heard from any of them since. I hope they are all well.
I found I could not settle in one place for any length of time. So eventually after about a year almost to the day after I had said my farewells to Serinae in that place that now seems a million miles away, I found myself in the T’Iea town of Ter’Fin’Ealle. Something drew me there, the memory of Serinae I suspect. I think I wanted to honour her wish to go back there, to represent her in some way. But I too wanted to see the bough bridges over the river Ealle, I wanted to see where she and Tezrin had played as children, perhaps where they had fallen in love. I wanted to know more about her, find answers perhaps to those questions I still had.
True to her word the town was magnificent, living wood indeed formed many bridges across the wide river, the boughs intricately interwoven in patterns, a fabulous exhibit of both T’Iea architecture and art. I wanted in some way to experience what she had experienced in that place, her growing up there with her family, the friendship with Tezrin’s family. But I did not find much trace of either family there. A few people had heard of the Timburs and some could remember the family individuals, but it seemed that the family Timbur were not a family of any great note. Then one day purely by chance I spoke to one man who in passing conversation told me that he knew an old comrade in arms, a fellow who was in the same legion regiment as himself who he remembered was distantly related to the Timburs. He gave me directions through the town to where he thought I might find this old soldier.
I found the house to where I was directed and hoped he would be there. He was and I was invited into his home. I asked the question and after some thought he said to me.
“Timbur, hmmm yes, I remember, by the Maker that name takes me back; didn’t the daughter become a ranger?” 
I laughed at this, I don’t know why, he looked at me a quizzical look upon his face. I apologised for my outburst and said that yes she indeed had. The old T’Iea smiled obviously pleased that he had got the fact right, but I could not summon the energy to say any more. As I turned to leave he suddenly gave a cry and asked that I wait a minute before leaving. I did so, he walked through a door and out of sight. I waited some time and coming to the conclusion that he had forgotten me, was just about to sneak out and close the door when the fellow returned. He smiled and handed something to me. It was a small picture. I looked at it, he said that I was welcome to keep it if I wished. I looked at him, then back at the picture, joy sprang into my heart for there looking back at me were three T’Iea. A female with a dark coloured longbow over her shoulder wearing deer skin leggings and a jerkin of the same material, a male in similar garb a longbow held in front of him, his arm around the female’s waist. I looked long and hard at the picture, tears filled my eyes as there standing between them, her father’s other hand resting upon her shoulder and with a big grin on her face, a small girl with long platinum coloured hair and deep jade green eyes. I turned the picture over. On the back, written in a flowing hand were the T’Iea words:
De’Et’Nial’De’Noun’e’Alle’Weh’ngrune’Ser’ngrune’entr’haaneun’juuone.
In the common tongue - To live, to serve. Brethren, Sistren take sanctuary within.
I knew this to be a common saying, almost a mantra used within the ranger guilds, a reference to a search for inner peace. It made me think even more of Serinae. So turning the picture over once more I could not take my eyes from the figures there, tears fell from my cheeks, I wiped them on the sleeve of my jerkin. I thanked the old man, he smiled back at me.
He took my hand and held it between his. He remained quiet for a while deep in thought, then he raised his eyes and looked hard into mine. A change seemed to come over him, he seemed to become someone else, someone who remembered much. Keeping my gaze his eyes flared as he said, “you know young lady, it does not do to dwell in the past for too long, even for one as long lived as a T’Iea. Think mindfully to the future my girl, for that is where your heart should lead you. The past is done and if we are wise we may learn much from it, especially the mistakes,” his eyes glanced momentarily down towards the picture I held. “Yet it is the past, it cannot be changed.” He pushed the picture gently upwards and towards me as if he wished to hide it, or perhaps he just made the gesture that I should take it with me. Then he said, “only the future can be changed and only by your own efforts and your own conscience.” 
Then smiling at me and letting my hand go he turned to sit down in a chair, I tucked the picture safely into my bag before saying farewell.
I left Ter’Fin’Ealle, but I had not really found what I sought there, I didn’t even know really what it was I looked for. I could have gone anywhere. I was free to do so. No, that wasn’t true, there were some places I could not yet go for they would rouse painful memories for me. Some wounds to my soul had yet to heal. So I finally went back and settled back in my own home town of K’Reselnare. My father was overjoyed to see me and I him. It had been too many years for us to be parted and we set about building our relationship from where we left off. At last I was settled and happy, well so I thought.
Then one day I had a visit from Solin, she quite suddenly announced herself by banging on the door completely unexpected, but I was overjoyed to see her. Jonas was with her, it was good to see him to. In fact they stayed for a couple of months, she said she was deeply happy to be with her kin folk again after so long. We spent many a long hour both day and night talking about all manner things, she seemed happy at the news of Serinae’s decision, although she said with some conviction I noticed, that she would need to find another travelling companion. She also wanted to elaborate in great detail all the facts I had noted in my journal, everything that had happened on our adventures, both before and after our stay in her home in Amentura. I suspect she wanted to write yet another book even though she said she would not have the time, using the excuse of old age and failing sight as the reason, but I thought otherwise.
Before she left she gave me an ornate ring with a single green gem set within a clasp fashioned in the form of a wolf with the gemstone within its open maw. She told me I was always welcome in Amentura, here she winked at me. She then suggested I should come and see her, and not too leave it too long. This remark and action puzzled me somewhat, but she never explained further. Then one day as quickly as she had arrived she announced she would be leaving. So I waved goodbye to Solin and Jonas. That last departure in a way signalled another chapter closed for me, another loose end had been tied. But sadly and with more than a little guilt I have to say I have not made that visit and have not seen her again since that day.
With Solin gone old feelings returned and I still found it difficult to settle. Ever since returning from our adventures it seemed my soul would not, could not rest. I had other plans forming in my mind, one final thing to attend to. I had something else to do. I needed to go back north. So as ridiculous as it sounds I journeyed there to try and tie another loose end that had been nagging at me for quite some time.
The reason I decided to go I think, was I had suddenly thought of the words spoken to me by the old soldier in Ter’Fin’Ealle, the one who had given me the picture of the Timburs, it had suddenly occurred to me that there was a lot of truth in what he had so wisely told me. 
Life is in fact far too short for some things, even if that life does indeed belong to a T’Iea.


The End.

Dear reader, I hope that you have enjoyed what you have read. Please, please take the time to help me out and place a positive review on the book’s page on Smashwords. All it takes is a couple of minutes! It will make all the difference to understand what you think.
Or if you so wish send me a note at: Solin.deteinde@btinternet.com
Originally I intended the whole story to be one book, but whilst writing ‘A Twist of Eternity’ the story line grew and grew. So the tale is continued in book two:
The book can also be found on Smashwords https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/377651.
So be sure to look out for:
‘A Twist of the Sands (The Second Twist)’
Time has moved on since the events that led to the recovery of the ancient father’s great machine. The machine has indeed restored equilibrium to the world and once again there is a time of peace. The Elder Races remain disparate, but at least there is now an element of trust and understanding between them. Minervar and Iolrreas are living with their people in the great wood, the forest of Gel’Te’Ertenya that covers much of the western half of the continent of Dahl’Ambronis. Tent Town is but a dream lodged in the past.
Iolrreas’s first born daughter Nar’Allia is no longer a child, she has come of age and is struggling a little with what it means to be a young woman in her society. Amongst all this uncertainty she is busy trying to decide what to do with her life.
Minervar has not heard anything from her travelling companions of old, the friends she made during the time of the first book - ‘A Twist of Eternity’. But one day a character from that past arrives on her doorstep unannounced bearing a surprising offer. What seems at first an innocent opportunity sparks Nar’Allia’s imagination and may just give her the breathing space she needs. Little does she know that grasping this chance will turn her world upside down. 
A legacy left over by an old adversary causes an unforeseen disaster. This single event thrusts Nar’Allia way out of her comfort zone. The resulting turmoil has her making discoveries of breath-taking substance beneath the sands of the Rust Desert and way, way beyond.
Once again old enemies are pitched against each other. Some of the discoveries made by Minervar turn out to be more relevant than first thought. Events unfold that force Nar’Allia and her companions to make choices of epic proportion with more than a few ‘twists’ along the way.


