



Absolution
By Louis Corsair
Book One of The Elohim Trilogy




Copyright © Louis Corsair 2012. All rights reserved.
Cover illustration by Timothy Lantz © 2012
Smashwords Edition

Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not ber e-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


Table of Contents:
Dedication and Acknowledgements
Foreword
Prologue- 1947
Chapter 1 - The Case
Chapter 2 - A Return
Chapter 3 - 6:00 AM
Chapter 4 - 6:28 AM
Chapter 5 - 7:00 AM
Chapter 6 - 8:00 AM
Chapter 7 - 9:00 AM
Chapter 8 - 10:00 AM
Chapter 9 - 11:00 AM
Chapter 10 - 12:00 PM
Chapter 11 - 1:00 PM
Chapter 12 - 2:00 PM
Chapter 13 - 3:00 PM
Chapter 14 - 4:00 PM
Chapter 15 - 4:28 PM
Chapter 16 - 5:00 PM
Chapter 17 - 6:00 PM
Chapter 18 - 7:00 PM
Chapter 19 - ???
Chapter 20 - 7:35 PM
Chapter 21 - 8:00 PM
Chapter 22 - 9:00 PM
Chapter 23 - 10:00 PM
Chapter 24 - 10:23 PM
Chapter 25 - 11:00 PM
Chapter 26 - 12:00 AM
Chapter 27 - 1:00 AM
Chapter 28 - 1:50 AM
Chapter 29 - 2:20 AM
Chapter 30 - 3:00 AM
Chapter 31 - Look Into My Eyes
Chapter 32 - 3:40 AM
Chapter 33 - 4:00 AM
Chapter 34 - 5:00 AM
Chapter 35 - Absolution
Epilogue: 1979
About the Author



Dedication:


This is dedicated to all of us who have ever received a Form Rejection Letter in the mail.


Acknowledgements:

Special thanks to: Melina Alderman, Veronica Ayansu, Jose Garcia, Jessica Lubofsky, Carol Mohle, and Eve Wittenmyer--all of whom read this horrible mess with many more flaws than it has now. Also, Brad Listi, Stephen Cooper, and Tyler Dilts--these gentlemen instructed me in the craft of fiction writing. And to my new friends across the pond, Franny and Silvia (who know who they are). And of course, Mr. Timothy Lantz.


 Foreword

All works of literature have flaws. This includes simple works of genre fiction like the one you have in your hands. It is inescapable. The writer is not perfect.
If you notice, most chapters cover a certain gap in time, one hour, thirty minutes, and less. This does not mean that the events depicted in each chapter perfectly fit into that timeframe. I did not act out the events and time them. 
There are other flaws, of course, but if you can get past them, I hope you enjoy the story of Raymond Adams.


Louis Corsair
February 17, 2012






Prologue:
1947




It was the middle of the night in January of 1947 and I was on my knees in front of the Municipal Ferry building in San Pedro. The docked boats were silent sentinels watching me, indifferent giants. I imagined God and all His angels the same way, looking down constantly, not really caring about the foibles of a sap like me. At least that’s what I hoped. 
“Sorry, Ray,” said Hargrove, my friend. In his hand was a smoking gun aimed at me. “Sansone knows about my secrets. You understand, right?”
I managed a smile. The funny thing was the bullet in my gut wasn’t what bothered me, not the betrayal either. The breeze from the Pacific Ocean in winter has a way of breaking down a bird, even one with warm blood oozing out of him. I was cold, just so cold. People think being a gumshoe is easy business, but dime-store novels don’t call us hardboiled for nothing. Mind you, at that moment I was having serious doubts about my life as a private investigator. The iron hard faces of the mugs standing over me didn’t help. 
Lieutenant Detective Hargrove was a copper with a nice square jaw and a suit that always looked slept in. Next to him was Lucky Sansone in a tuxedo, one of the gangsters that festered Los Angeles, the typical Italian with slick black hair, but peppered with gray; his goons were next to him, their pistols out. Trying to pinch Sansone didn’t look like such a good idea now. It’s what they called irony. I had tried to do something in the name of justice and look what it got me. 
“A priest,” I said. The lead pill hadn’t killed me right off. I might live if I could get to a hospital quickly. “Confession of sins... You gotta give me that.”  
Lucky pulled out his gun and pressed the muzzle to my forehead. Hargrove turned away. I raised my hand, but Lucky squeezed the trigger. Nearby, the docked boats watched without comment or judgment. The wind picked up, maybe to lament. And that was it. I was dead.
There was a great, black emptiness and I was feather-light, rising above it all. I remember looking forward to meeting God and all His angels before being sent to Hell for eternity. It’s a shame the afterlife wasn’t what I pictured.




**~~~**



**~~~**



I:
The Abstract Realm





Chapter 1:
The Case




I awoke in a replica of my bedroom, breathing heavy, thinking it was because of a nightmare. There was so much sweat on my face and body that I wanted to towel off. The moment passed and I settled down. I rolled over and curled into a ball, enjoying a moment of tranquility apart from the reality of being awake. But it didn’t last; a rush of anxiety hit me hard. I got up and looked around unsettled. Something was missing that was supposed to be there. And I couldn’t put my finger on what it actually was. 
The uncertainty nailed me so bad that I hadn’t noticed the time. It was almost nine in the morning and I was supposed to meet a client. I couldn’t keep a rich cat waiting. The shower and shave brought me back to life. Once out, I took a shot of whiskey and dressed in my best suit, which was waiting for me by my closet door. But there was a hazy quality to everything which wasn’t the result of the liquor. This tipped me off that something wasn’t right. My mind went to work.
And then I said the words aloud: “I’m in a replica of my bedroom.” If I wasn’t home, where was I? I leaned against the davenport taking deep, panic stricken breaths.  
“Here we go again, Adams,” said my shadow and then broke apart from me. 
This startled me and I considered that I might have gone insane. 
“What are you?” I said.
The shadow creature threw his hands up and let out a frustrated groan before saying, “You ask that every time! Every friggin’ time! And I’m tired of answering!” 
He considered me while I trembled like a child and then, for no reason, let out a throaty laugh.  Inconsiderate bastard. I had these flashes in my head. I had spoken to this thing before. He was a Shadow Monger named Harrahk. I had nicknamed him Harry. He was the only friend I had now who wasn’t part of a twisted scenario. We looked at each other and it all came back.
After Lucky Sansone murdered me I thought I would go to Heaven or Hell, but what I got was something else entirely. There was this mechanism Harry called the Process, which determined where souls ended up based on the type and quantity of spiritual impurities they had. 
Harry said my impurities were all Corruptive, as opposed to Destructive. So the Process sent me to the Abstract Realm, one of four realms in this plane of existence lorded over by a mysterious race of celestial beings. Here I would stay until the impurities in my soul were purged through scenarios meant to bring out my better self or some nonsense like that. 
The only reason Harry had told me all this and a multitude of other things about the afterlife was because I couldn’t overcome my detective nature. I had snapped out of every scenario before I could learn anything. Harry had met others like me and sometimes spoke to them out of pity...because with every failed scenario, a little bit of me was leeched out. In time, I would become a prop used to create scenarios for other souls stuck in the Abstract Realm. 
You must feel that knowing all of this so suddenly is overwhelming, but just think of how I felt remembering it all at once. It was mind boggling. Debilitating. 
“So you remember now?” said Harry and produced and smoked a shadowy cigarette.
I nodded. “Sorry...”  
“It’s alright, Adams,” he said. He offered a shadow-cigarette to me. 
The smoke it gave off wasn’t right, but it was better than just looking at him smoke. “What’ll happen to them?” I said and took a long drag.
“Hmm?”
“Humanity. Will they be alright?”
He laughed and patted my back. “Somehow, they’ll manage without you,” he said. Dumb bastard. He made me laugh. 
Looking over my bedroom I succumbed to grief, but not for the world. See, my memories had become a patchwork of knowledge and the only thing I remembered with any clarity was the way I had died. I could describe the tarry taste of cigarette smoke to Harry, but I couldn’t tell him the name of my mother. I could talk endlessly about the ins and outs of being a shamus, but I couldn’t recall any cases I had worked on. That’s what truly stung, not knowing about my life or what kind of man I had been. There were clues, like I had tried to take down a gangster, but nothing else. Death stunk. At least Harry fixed it so I never woke up again thinking I was still alive, like a sap. 
***
I awoke in a replica of my bedroom, which the Abstract Realm had probably created using what was left of my memories. I rolled over and curled into a ball, enjoying a moment of tranquility apart from the reality of being dead. But it didn’t last; a rush of anxiety hit me hard. I got up and looked around unsettled. Something was missing that was supposed to be there. Maybe they had moved or changed it, but I couldn’t put my finger on what it actually was. The uncertainty nailed me so bad that I jumped when the Shadow Monger spoke.
“Raymond Adams?” he said and stepped out of the shadow of the bed. He was thin as a noodle and stood there, statue-like. This wasn’t Harry and a primal fear came over me. “You used to be a gumshoe in Hollywood, right?” said this Shadow Monger and stared at me with a pair of beady eyes--or more like through me as if trying to figure me out. 
I nodded. “What’s it to you?”
He didn’t smile. “I have a proposition for you from the Realm Above,” he said and pointed upwards. “The son of a Pit Lord was murdered in Hollywood and the Committee wants to bring you back to life to figure out who did it. If you succeed they’ll immediately grant you the highest of rewards: Absolution.” 
I stopped him right there. Hope is a virus in the Abstract Realm. It exploited me when I heard the word absolution--it was a one way ticket out of this place and into the Collective Whole, where the Process sent the purest souls. But there were too many inconsistencies with the Shadow Monger’s story for me to believe it.
“So what’s the problem with some lordling getting a taste of the big sleep? Didn’t the Process send his soul back home to the Pit?” I said. “I’m sure he can gripe to his daddy about who murdered him.”
The Shadow Monger stumbled before he said, “How did you know about...” and stopped. “The lordling’s soul never left the Realm of the Living and it has not contacted its father in the Pit. Part of your task would be to find the missing soul and retrieve it.”
That was an interesting twist but I still had my suspicions. The Committee had a universe of resources and celestial beings it could use to solve this if it was real. Why go to all the trouble of bringing me back to life to do it? I couldn’t overcome this logic and I began to shake my head.
“You’re lying,” I said and backed away. “This is all another lie!”
“No it’s not, Adams,” said Harry’s familiar voice. He came out of my shadow and leaned on the davenport smoking a shadow-cigarette. “The people upstairs asked for you by name.”
“What?” I said. “By name? What does that mean?”
“You need to exit,” said the other Shadow Monger, tension in his voice. 
Harry rolled his eyes. “Who cares? This is it, your chance to get out of this hole. Don’t question it,” he said to me. 
“You’re asking the wrong person to do that,” I said.
“Good point,” he said and gave me a wide smile. “They probably know your nature.”
“Enough!” said the other Shadow Monger. “Make a decision now, Adams.”
“Alright,” I said. “I’ll need a week to do it and access to the resources of the Enforcers.”
“No,” said the other Shadow Monger. “If you agree, you’ll have twenty four hours to complete the task. Enforcers and other celestials are strictly forbidden from helping you or even approaching you. What is your choice now?”
That made things prickly. I had the knowledge of working two murder cases, but the particulars were lost to me. The Enforcers were the long arm of the law in the four realms and their help could augment my lack of experience. I thought about saying no. But I really wanted to get out of the Abstract Realm and find eternal peace. Maybe I could scare Sansone and Hargrove into helping me; for some reason, I had no craving for revenge. I still needed more time though. I had to talk to people, track others, follow leads, etc. To do all that in one day would be nearly impossible. 
“Why only one day?” 
They took turns telling me. I lost the urge to smoke. The apocalypse never looked as good as it did when compared to what would happen if I stayed on Earth even a second longer than twenty four hours. It was horrifying, like when you first realize that one day you’re going to die. 
“Fine,” I said. 
“Good luck, Adams,” said Harry. In a flash I was no longer in the replica of my bedroom. 





Chapter 2:
A Return




I was in a preparation chamber made completely out of light. I hovered like a cloud watching child-like celestials regenerate and reanimate my corpse. They didn’t bother with new clothes and simply fixed up the suit I had been buried in. When finished, they vacuumed me into my old body, a loving experience I could only compare to dying.
“Cold...” I said and my throat was dry like the Mojave in the middle of summer. They explained my body was mostly dead but this would improve as time passed. To help me with the shivers, the merciful celestials threw in a brown overcoat, shoes, and a fedora. 
“Gun,” I said. True I was dead, but the people I was going to deal with were not and I had a feeling they would want to stay that way. Protection was necessary.
They gave me a revolver loaded with ten Thunderbolt bullets. I also got a good watch to keep track of time, an enchanted magnifying glass, and a special rune to communicate with the Committee. The big people wanted regular updates on my progress. 
The celestials opened a portal to the Realm of the Living and sent me through it.



**~~~**


**~~~**


II:
Not My Hollywood





Chapter 3:
6:00 AM




The portal went to a part of Hollywood that was near the scene of the crime. The cross streets were Hollywood Boulevard and Western Avenue, somewhere east of the strip. The day was pleasant with a few dark clouds roaming the sky and the temperature at maybe seventy-five degrees. I wish I could tell you I got right to work, but I was a kid in a toy store. Everything had a mystical allure to it, in part because things here lacked the gloss of the scenarios of the Abstract Realm. This childish sense of wonder lasted as long as it took me to take a few steps.  
My joints ached and my muscles were stiff. But this pain didn’t stop my senses from exploring the world of the living. Near the trees that lined that side of the street, I kept getting whiffs of urine and feces in the air. My hands touched a pole and it was cold and wet and whatever had gotten it wet smelled putrid. And noise came into my ears in bursts, the noise of the vehicles that rocketed by in the streets, the noise of construction somewhere, the noise of people yelling obscenities at one another. The glare from the sun bit my eyes and there were tears and everything was blurry. Vertigo. Vomit. The wonderful taste of bile and stomach acid remained in my mouth afterwards. Here was a mystery: What in the world was I vomiting? I looked down and thought better of trying to figure that out. More vomit. 
I tightened my gut and remembered I wasn’t some tourist. This was my town. My body reacted accordingly. Breathing became easier and I got used to the offensive odors soon enough. The tears and pain caused by the sunlight stopped thanks to the fedora. I tried not to touch anything unless I had inspected it first. The novelty of being alive again made me clumsy and so I didn’t notice things.  
The businesses were all new and all the Stop signs were replaced by traffic lights that had more than just red-yellow-green. The rails for the street cars were gone. And nearly everyone young had things in their ears attached to cables that ran down into their pockets. I thought it was maybe to protect their ears from the obnoxious noises. Like I said, none of these things hit me the way they should have.
My first thought was to call up Sansone and Hargrove. I wanted to spook the hell out of them before asking for help. But when I came across a payphone, I didn’t find any money in my pockets. I cursed the celestials for that. But there was a store next to the payphone with a large gold sign that read, “Liquor” and below it in smaller letters, “Beer and Groceries” as if the two went hand in hand like a married couple. 
I walked inside. It was more a general store with the liquor stashed in the back. In a corner a television played the news. As I came up to the front, the Mexican working the counter couldn’t stare enough. I caught a reflection of me and I didn’t blame him. My skin was pale and somewhat wrinkled. 
“Halloween’s not until Monday, señor,” he said and chuckled. “That’s a good costume, man. You’re a zombie, right?”
“Can I use your telephone?” I said. The rasp that was my voice was more pronounced in the Realm of the Living.
He made eye contact with me for about a second and turned away, his face pale now. Not many of the living would be able to look into my eyes and not see and feel it: The pain of being stuck in the Abstract Realm and the misery that came with every failed scenario. The Mexican man pointed to the end of his counter where a black telephone sat. 
“Gracias,” I said and hoped my accent was as decent as it had been. No matter how many numbers I dialed, the robotic operator told me that they were either out of service or did not exist. “Something’s wrong with your telephone.”
The Mexican looked it over and tried a few numbers before putting the receiver down. “It’s working okay,” he said. He dug something out of his pocket and handed it to me. It was a device that unfolded to reveal a tiny set of buttons. “Maybe my cell phone will help.”
I fumbled around with the trinket, which made the Mexican smile. “Do I look like some dumb mug?” I said and threw the device back at him. “What kind of trick is this?”
Angry, I marched towards the door but then the television announcer said something about the President and a speech. The television set had a funny design too; it was flat like a pancake. I almost jumped when I noticed the pictures weren’t black and white, but a vibrant rainbow of hues. My jaw opened slowly when the President, a colored man, took the podium. And then I saw the date on the screen: Saturday, October 29th 2011. 
I’d been dead for over sixty years. This wasn’t my Hollywood. The world really had gone on without me. My feet couldn’t move fast enough to get me out of there. Outside, the odd environment made sense. The cars were things out of some science fiction novel that flew by without much concern for the people trying to cross the street. Maybe robots from Mars drove them for all I knew. And what were those portable devices everyone carried here? I found a bench where busses stopped and people got in and out, sometimes looking me over, but mostly ignoring me and one another. Slowly, I calmed down enough to think. 
Aside from the personal sense of doom I felt, there were more practical things that bothered me. Sansone and Hargrove were either dead or so old they might not know who I was, much less know about a murder. There were also the customs of the nation which had changed in sixty years; the election of a colored President was a subtle hint of that. And more importantly, I wouldn’t know how to make use of these odd machines and gadgets that were ever-present.
These were additional handicaps to deal with if I wanted to solve this case. Here my only friend would be a shot of whiskey if I could find money for it. Part of me wanted to give up and return to the Abstract Realm. But I would be damned if I let that place destroy me without a fight. And besides that, I was hungry for a challenge. 
I got up and walked towards the scene of the crime. 





Chapter 4:
6:28 AM




It was a suburb that had a few empty lots and small businesses. There were homeless people stirring in the tall grass of one of those lots, some who looked plain nuts, others down on their luck; they wore torn, dirty things. They were the mugs who had used the trees as bathrooms. I should have felt empathy for them, but I was numb to this version of Hollywood. 
The scene of the crime was a motel. It was two stories high and had an assortment of red and white flowers clinging to the rail on the second floor. It was altogether pleasant and clean and it made me feel conspicuous. The few people out were in casual things and there I was, hiding under layers of clothing. But I eased up when I came across a red container of newspapers right in front of the joint. I sifted through one of the papers inside. Nothing but smut.  
As I made my way up the stairs, I caught the scent of cigarette smoke in the air. It created a craving in me. I wanted to smoke. 
“Can I have one of your cigarettes?” I told the first person I saw smoking. 
He was a tough guy, I could tell, even though he wore his pants too loose and his ball cap sideways. The hoodlum sized me up. I sensed he wanted to rob or kill me. But one look into my eyes and he stumbled. Or maybe my corpse-like appearance nudged something in him. He dug out a pack of cigarettes and threw in a plastic lighter. 
When I reached the room I lit a cigarette and took a good drag off it. According to the Shadow Mongers, the murder had taken place about two weeks earlier, but yellow police tape lingered on the rail and door like shredded dreams. I removed the tape and for a moment, I stared at the door as if it would open on its own. I had no key. On a whim I tried the knob and heard a distinct click as the bolt unlocked. My celestial friends at work. With a smile, I walked inside. 
It was a plain room with one bed, a night stand with a lamp on it, and all of it pointed at a television set. It couldn’t have been more than one hundred square feet altogether, not including the bathroom. There was no chalk outline on the floor to tell me where the victim had died. As far as this room was concerned, nothing had happened here. I pulled out the magnifying glass and inspected the joint. This time the story was different.  
The enchantment on the glass gave me a glimpse of mystical energies, like the human soul and items branded with its essence, like blood. And there was the specter of blood on the walls, on the bed, on the ceiling and even on the windows and door. The victim, a Pit lordling named Giovanni Dixon, had met a gruesome end at the hands of someone strong enough to take down the son of a celestial and crazy enough not care about the wrath of the lordling’s father. I looked further, hoping to find a trail of the missing soul’s energy to follow.
There were small hints of soul splotched here and there, but it wasn’t the soul I wanted. Maybe some other sap had died there at some point in time. Aside from that, the place was clean. It was too clean. There should have been traces of Giovanni’s soul in the room. It was almost as if his presence had been removed. 
“Huh?” I said. With the magnifying glass I inspected a spot on the bed that let off a suspicious ebb of energy. But it was different. Harry told me every type of mystical creature leaves distinct traces of their stink wherever they go. This was more than leftover energy. It made my soul feel dirty. It let off the residue of the forbidden.
I followed other splotches of this mystery energy to a window. The killer had crashed through it; the window looked too new to be the original. Strange that this individual hadn’t used the door. Stepping outside, I found the trail again on a rail and then it was gone, probably the perpetrator had jumped onto the roof or down one floor. The second possibility was improbable since there was a giant swimming pool at the bottom. A collection of young men and women lingered there now, drinking beer and smoking. 
I put away the magnifying glass and went back inside. This was too little to start an investigation. I went to the bathroom to ask some questions. The mirror there would do and I checked it to make sure it had no cracks; only an unbroken mirror surface would serve my purpose. I spat on my finger and ran my saliva over the surface of the glass, drawing the communication rune given to me. Immediately, it lit up and in the mirror appeared the image of the Committee members sitting behind a round table. 
Looking at them you never would have guessed they were celestial beings who ran the four realms and oversaw the Process. There were twelve of them, all with the appearance of normal humans, and all in nice looking suits. But there were variations here and there. The four Pit Lords were in their late teens or early twenties and had lewd smiles and playful looks about them. The four Enforcers were stern, older men in their forties and fifties, who never showed a smile or the hint of joy. 
The four others were unlike the Pit Lords and the Enforcers. Two were members of the Enigma, the bastards responsible for creating the scenarios in the Abstract Realm; their faces changed per minute so you couldn’t pin down what they looked like. The other two were of the Angelus, child-like celestials who dwelled in the Realm Above, maintaining the Collective Whole; the Angelus had regenerated my body earlier. One was a dark skinned boy and the other a blonde and blue girl. Both didn’t look older than ten years old.
There was a member missing, the thirteenth celestial. Harry called this being the Executor and he was supposedly at the helm of the Committee. But his absence didn’t mean he wasn’t there. Maybe he was the table for all I knew. Beings that powerful wouldn’t bother with a humanoid form. 
It was interesting that there was only one dame in their group. And she and her soul were all dame. From what I understood, a female soul was something of a rarity among their kind. Unlike the souls of humans, celestials are born with souls that have a form of gender attached to them. Pit Lords and Enforcers are born male, with male souls. Only the Angelus and maybe the Enigma have the potential to be born with female souls along with male souls. 
“Adams,” said one of the Committee members though I hadn’t been paying attention. 
I cleared my throat. “I didn’t find any traces of Giovanni’s soul. But there’s definitely traces of a supernatural creature,” I said. “Maybe this thing was powerful enough to kill him and kidnap his soul. I can’t make up my mind about it just yet.” 
They grumbled and a few whispered things to one another. I was no head doctor, but I sensed a great tension in the Committee. The Pit Lords wouldn’t look at the Enforcers and the child-like Angelus fidgeted. I guessed it was because they were beyond busy overseeing the Process and giving orders to lesser celestials.
“Continue your probe, Adams,” said the girl Angelus with the pretty gold hair.  
“I have a problem,” I said.
“What is it?” hissed one of the Pit Lords. 
“You forgot to tell me I’ve been dead for over sixty years. I’m gonna need some help if you can spare it,” I said. 
Boy, let me tell you, the look they gave me would have been appropriate if I had stolen their first-born. How dare I, a puny human, demand something from the mighty Committee. Oh, the arrogance of me!
“Exactly what do you need?” said the Angelus girl.
“Information about the case, the victim, and all of that,” I said. 
“You were given a sufficient amount of information, Adams,” said one of the Enforcers, a bald man whose lips didn’t move at all. “My servants were unwisely asked to stall their investigation or they would have shared more with you.” He must have been the Enforcer Prime if he referred to the other Enforcers as his “servants.”
“Unwise, but fair until more is known of these queer circumstances,” said the Enigma. Both of them spoke with one voice so that you couldn’t figure out which one was thinking what was said.
“There is an air of suspicion in your tone that I do not like,” said the Enforcer Prime.
A very awkward moment followed as they whispered things to one another, probably not meant for me.
“It’s not good enough,” I said finally. “I need human information, like access to the case file the police have on the murder.” 
That sent the room in an uproar. A few Enforcers shouted insults about the uselessness of my private investigation. A few of the Pit Lords demanded that I be sent back to the Abstract Realm for insolence. But the Angelus girl hushed them down.
“In the interest of this bipartisan investigation, certain privileges must be granted to him!” she said.
“I shall agree to that under those terms,” said the Enforcer Prime.
“Agreed,” said every member of the Committee in turn. 
The Angelus girl turned to me. “Detective Adams, we will grant you the right to possess any human being you feel will help you attain the information you require.”
“How will that work?” I said. “I’m not gonna jump from body to body like a rabbit in heat.” 
Her tiny face brightened, but she fought a smile. “No, no. Simply tap on the man or woman you choose to have possessed and then think of the being you wish to possess them,” she said. “It must be a neutral party, however. We will prepare a few candidates for you.”
“Can it be a Shadow Monger?” I said.
There were grumbles and some suggested a member of the Angelus or even one of the Enigma, but all eventually agreed with my suggestion. A Shadow Monger, they said, was better suited for such work.
The Angelus girl nodded. “But why a Shadow Monger?” she said.
“I’m friends with one,” I said.
Her child lips formed a smile. “Very well then,” she said. “Continue your probe.”
I closed the channel and went back into the room. Looking at my watch, I noticed that time hadn’t moved while the communication channel was open. Oddly interesting. I enjoyed another cigarette while contemplating my next move. 
“Adams,” said someone from the shadows. 
I pulled out my gun and aimed it at a dark haired man in a pitch black suit; he walked out of a darkened corner. He wasn’t skinny, skinny, but I would say he had the build of a swimmer.
“Relax, stupid human,” he said with a real air of superiority. “I am a Pit Lord.” 
He told me his true name but I won’t say it here. Celestials like him have names derived from the original Word of Creation, so speaking or writing these evokes their presence. And unless you have some business with said celestials, you don’t want to summon them; they tend to smite you if you do. So I’ll instead refer to him as Lucifer. 
He walked up to me. We were about the same height, six feet tall, but he had a way of making me feel like an ant. His skin dimly glowed and there wasn’t a wrinkle on his pretty face, even when he smiled. And although I was two feet away from him, I could not tell you now the color of his eyes. The guy gave me the creeps. 
“What can I do for you, sir?” I said and put away my gun. 
“Yes, well,” said Lucifer. He removed some lint from his suit. “I want to know what you mean to do next. You didn’t tell the Committee very much.” 
“I’ll snoop around, look here, look there. That’s how it works with these cases,” I said.
“You don’t have a single idea, do you?” said Lucifer. He began to inspect his fingernails and actually pulled out a nail file.
“There is the case file that might have some leads, so I’ll look into it first,” I said, trying to defend my honor.
“No, no, no. That won’t do,” he said, putting away the nail file. He paced back and forth in the room, apparently thinking throughout. “I will need some more time to think this through. But I am at your disposal if anything comes to mind.”
I wrinkled my face. “Why’re you helping me?”
His eyes flared with honest to goodness fire. “Isn’t it enough that a Pit Lord is your friend?”
“Not really. Not when celestials are supposed to be staying away from me,” I said. 
He half smiled and walked towards the shadows. “Giovanni was my son. I had...special plans for him.”
I didn’t mean to chuckle but I did. “And you didn’t see this coming?”
He cringed and balled his well-manicured hands into fists. “You try to raise your boys as best as you can, but you have to let them experience things on their own, spread their wings, so to speak. But you can never help their acquaintances,” he said with an air of regret. He straightened out his jacket and tie, which he had ruffled ever so slightly.
“Definitely,” I said, trying hard not to laugh at his demeanor. He was something of a fop. “And you can’t tell me where his soul went?” I added before he disappeared into a shadow.
He snapped back towards me and let out this growl that made the walls vibrate, but I kept my cool even though I had nearly pissed my pants. 
He said, “If I could do that, I would have retrieved it myself!”  
The Pit Lord had some bite. I made a mental note not to expose any more of Lucifer’s shortcomings. He, like other celestials, just loved criticism from lesser beings. 
“I want answers, Adams!” He disappeared into the shadows. 
When I finished the cigarette, I left the room. The sun rose further and with it came all the other creatures that roamed that neighborhood. I quickly learned when to cross the street (running next to others) and that some places weren’t very friendly to birds with cigarettes in their mouths. A few people actually stared at me as if I had the plague and fanned away the smoke that wasn’t even near them. 





Chapter 5:
7:00 AM




Eventually, I spotted the type of person I was looking for: A copper. He stepped out of a strange vehicle with that familiar black and white pattern and I knew he was the law because of the uniform and gun on his belt. No one seemed to mind him and a few birds greeted him with smiles. He stopped by a shop busy with customers coming in and out in a hurry. The smell of coffee was thick in this place but it didn’t create a craving for it, not like the cigarette smoke had made me desire one. The officer came out moments later nursing a cup and a bag of something. He was about six feet tall and pale, with short red hair and a muscular build. 
“Morning to you, officer,” I said and read his tag. “Officer Brogan.”
He smirked but the smirk disappeared when he made eye contact. It took him two seconds to look away. 
“Morning,” he said and tried to walk past me.
I slapped one hand on his shoulder and he reached for his gun and was about to pull it out. Harry came to mind and in a second, the officer took a great gasp of air as if coming up from a long dive underwater. His eyes became dark, no longer green, and his skin became even paler. Those long breaths continued and steadied. 
Harry-Brogan looked around with these wild eyes as if someone had dared to wake him up in the middle of the night. He dropped the coffee and the bag of baked goods and looked his hands over. And then he found me. I greeted him with a grin and blew smoke in his face. He coughed and coughed but then took in the smoke.
“Adams!” he said, his voice shaky.
“I need your help,” I said and motioned for us to go to the police car. Harry followed and didn’t understand when I told him to get in the driver’s side. “Can you access that body’s memories?”
He nodded as he fumbled with things. “Strange,” he said. His movements became steady the more he tried until he seemed comfortable enough to sit there and listen.
I tested him by asking, “What is your body’s first name?”
“Connor,” he said without a pause. 
“Can you drive?”
He nodded, started up the car and drove west on Hollywood Boulevard. “What did you do, Adams? How can I be inside this body?”
“They let me have a little help. I need a file that only a copper can get his paws on,” I said and lit another cigarette. I offered that one to Harry and he took it.
“I’m not supposed to smoke,” he said as he took a long drag. “Connor’s not supposed to smoke.” He laughed and let out clouds of smoke through his nose. 
I stopped him when we got to the motel. He killed the engine and stared at me. 
“Here’s what I want you to do, Harry,” I said. “Look into your memories for a brutal murder committed at this motel about two weeks ago.”  
He looked around the motel before his eyes widened. “Connor remembers it and the commotion the journalists made,” he said. “He doesn’t know much else about it, but knows where they have the information you want.”
He started the engine again and drove off. It was good to have Harry there since I could ask him all sorts of questions. Some things he knew, like how long he could stay in that body (a few hours or more if the host was willing to play along) and some things he didn’t (what type of creature could leave the trace energy I had found at the crime scene). Besides that, his host, Connor Brogan, knew the rules of this society. It would help me understand the culture so I could fit in better. Also, and more importantly I should say, having Harry there made me feel like less of a stranger and it was good to chat with him while we drove. 
The streets were empty still and those fast moving cars became less interesting to me. Harry drove to a police station not far from the scene of the crime, along Wilcox Avenue. It was situated across the street from a couple of places advertising bail bonds. Real charming. He pulled into a parking lot where only police cars could enter. Harry told me to wait and I enjoyed a cigarette while he ran inside. 
The boys in their black uniforms came and went as did some folk in relaxed attire, other gumshoes if I had to guess. It was pleasant there but in a tense way, sort of like when you go to a dentist and sit in the waiting area reading a magazine. A few officers eyed me as they walked into and out of the station. The growing pang of anxiety reminded me that this wasn’t a common thing. I had no handcuffs and I was on the passenger seat of a police vehicle that sat in a restricted place. So I was either there for a reason or breaking in. 
This was when I had the first of the flashes. For a minute, the scene before me changed and I saw another police station with coppers coming in and out. The cars were older models, the kind from when I had been alive. What was going on? I thought maybe a relative had been one of the Johns and that had triggered a memory. I say a relative because there was a certain distance I felt when looking at their shiny badges and neat uniforms, like they were part of something special and I was not. No, not like that. In front of them I felt cheap, dirty, and used like a discarded stick of bubble gum. 
“Need any help, sir?” said one of the more curious officers as he leaned on the door. This brought me back to 2011. His eyes wandered here and there and back to me, but he stopped trying to make eye contact. He was a real snoop, this guy.
“Just waiting for a friend, officer,” I said. 
“What are you doing with that file, Brogan?” I heard someone say in the distance.
“Lieutenant Anderson asked me to get it. You know, just wants to look at it,” came Harry’s reply. 
“Don’t mean you have to mistreat the damn thing,” said the other voice.
Harry emerged from the entrance of the station, an apologetic smile on his face. “Have to run, man,” he said and walked over to us.
“There he is now,” I said to the snoop.
“He’s with me,” said Harry as he ran out with a folder in hand. “Ride along.”
“Oh,” said the other officer, the snoop, and walked away.
“Ride along?” I said.
“Yeah, they let civilians ride in cop cars sometimes to see if they have it in them to join the force,” said Harry. “I don’t think I was supposed to take this.”
“I pity poor Officer Brogan,” I said and Harry laughed. He handed me the case file and I looked it over. There was a general report about the crime along with photographs and written statements from a number of men and women involved. 
The information in it made things more complex and I began to have an idea of who the victim really was. Giovanni Dixon was an Adult film actor who went by the stage name, Gio. Harry confirmed that an Adult film was another name for pornography. Sure enough, Giovanni had been murdered in the middle of filming one of these Adult movies. The photograph they had of him in the file showed him to be one of those men who shaves his head completely bald and who likes to wear a suit and shirt without a tie, letting a few buttons loose so you could see his chest. He had the appearance of a colored man, but his skin was lighter and his face showed the same jawline and lewd smile of his father. 
And there was a second victim, his co-start, a woman named Maria Esperanza. They had a photograph of her before and after the crime. She had been a dark haired, dark eyed, Spanish thing, well breasted and erect. The look in her eyes was playful and the tiny smile on her face was pure sin. Like the Mona Lisa, she knew a secret and it tickled her to have you wonder what it was. I imagined it was the perfect look for what she did. A look to arouse an animal lust in men.
The seedy circumstances didn’t surprise Harry at all. All Pit lordlings did this sort of thing because being a Pit Lord required a certain amount of depravity and cruelty. This so they could torture souls sent to the Pit in the most horrible ways.
But there were surprises in that case file. 
“This might be over in the next hour,” I said to Harry and he eyed me strangely.
“How’s that?”
“The other victim can tell me who killed her and Giovanni,” I said.  
Harry frowned and then said, “How do you know the Process didn’t send her to the Collective Whole?”
I chuckled at that. “A hunch. They weren’t exactly baking cookies at the time of the murder,” I said. “I need a bathroom.”
In less than ten minutes I was inside a McDonald’s restaurant and in their bathroom. It was lucky that they were now so abundant, but something told me this wasn’t a good thing. Harry stayed outside the door as I opened the channel to the Committee once again. 
“Adams,” said the Angelus girl. “Contacting us so soon...”
“I made a break in the case. Giovanni was murdered alongside a human, a woman named Maria Esperanza. Can you tell me if the Process placed her already?”
The Committee went into thought as they searched the endless number of souls. 
“Yes. The soul in question is in the Abstract Realm.” They all said this at once, real creepy.  
“Let me speak to her. I bet she saw it all,” I said, my enthusiasm showing too much in my voice.
The Angelus girl shook her head. “We cannot allow you to do that. It is forbidden by our laws for a soul in the Abstract Realm to speak to anyone, much less a person in the Realm of the Living,” she said.
That annoyed me instantly. “She could tell us who did it,” I said slowly.
“Do you see?” said the Enigma to the others. “He does not understand as I have said countless times before.” 
Sneaky bastards. I would have loved to know which one of the two had said that.
“Please, please,” said the Enforcer Prime. His face was stern, but there was a sort of kindness there whenever he looked at me, similar to what I saw in the Angelus girl. “The human might surprise us yet.”
“What don’t I understand?” I said.
“The other murdered human is irrelevant.” They all repeated this in turn as if considering it and then coming to the same conclusion.
“How can you say so? She’s a witness!” I said.
My anger amused the Pit Lords and produced a wave of anger on the faces of the Enforcers and the other Committee members, especially on the faces of the Enigma. It dawned on me that half of these celestials were so ancient it had been thousands of years since they had spoken to a human and hearing one yell at them must have seemed unnatural. They must have thought very little of my efforts and simple logic. Maybe the Executor did so too and that’s why he hadn’t bothered to show up. It was really discouraging to tell the truth.
“You have not thought this through, Adams,” said the Angelus girl. “Suppose we did allow you to speak to her soul and suppose she had seen something, for argument’s sake. What would she tell you? Nothing rational. A human would not be able to make sense of mystical phenomenon. She would invent a ghost or phantasm or some other specter of whatever mythology she followed in life. Those are the explanations that make sense to the human, but in your investigation they are utterly useless. Do you see why Giovanni’s Earth life is irrelevant here? We need you to find his soul. It will be able to directly identify the being or beings who murdered his host body.”
I let out a deep breath and said, “Fine.” I closed the channel and walked out. 
“How’d it go, pal?” said Harry.
“They’re idiots,” I said and then shielded my face from the sky, expecting fire and brimstone to rain down on me. “Can they hear me?” There was a healthy amount of fear in my voice.  
Harry laughed and said, “They’re not omniscient or omnipresent like the Executor, so relax.” I didn’t relax and he laughed again. “Buddy, they don’t even know where you are until you open that communication channel. It’ll be okay.”
“Then the Executor knows,” I said. This ultra-powerful being was looking at me now. Every word said, he heard. Every action done, he saw.
“Adams,” said Harry and put a hand on my shoulder. “The Executor is too busy to care.”
That comforted and confused me, but then I thought of something. I had expected fire and brimstone to shoot down from the sky because of superstition, not logic. It was exactly what the Committee said us humans were fond of doing, which meant they were probably right about what Maria’s ghost would say. It was more a disappointment than a set-back. 
We had nearly reached the police car in the parking lot when I saw a familiar man leaning against its hood. Lucifer. He had wasted no time. 
“You surprised me in there. Speaking up to the Committee like that. You know most of them would rather you return to the Abstract Realm. But some of us pressure them to let you continue,” he said. This time he was in all skin-tight leather. He wore sunglasses that were almost as big as his face. 
“You heard it all?” I said. He was saying something and not saying it, but I hadn’t gotten a grip on it back then.
“Take a walk,” he said to Harry and Harry rushed off like a dog with his tail between his legs. Lucifer turned to me with a quizzical look coated with fury. “I share your anger.”
“Really?” It made me feel better that he wasn’t angry with me. “It was a good thought, though. Talk to a witness.”
He nodded and began to pace back and forth. He snapped his fingers suddenly and said, “I agree that the woman who died with Giovanni might know a detail or two.”
“True,” I said. I was too embarrassed to tell him why I thought the Committee was right. “But you heard the Committee. Fat chance they’ll let me speak with her. I have the case file now so I’ll look up some of the names in it.”
“Adams, Adams,” said Lucifer and smiled at me. “Use me. I am your tool.”
“My tool.”
“Yes!” he said and there was fire in his eyes again. The scent of something burning was in the air. “Your next move should be to speak with the ghost of the woman. I can help.” 
“Is that so?” I said with a hint of sarcasm. I so loved micromanagement. “How?”
“Perhaps a medium?” he said and removed the sunglasses, which had begun to smoke. He cringed and fanned them. “These are supposed to be high quality, polarized sunglasses with a titanium frame.” He threw them away. “I go through dozens of those.”
I tried to ignore that last part and said, “Isn’t it against the law to consort with a medium?” 
“Yes, but you seem like the type of man who wouldn’t be bothered with that,” he said and grinned. 
He had me. A fellah in my profession didn’t get by if he wasn’t willing to put his hand in the cookie jar when told not to. 
“The Committee won’t mind once you bring them results,” he added.
“And where would I find a medium?” I said.
“As it happens, there is a female medium not far from here in a nightclub. She’ll be there for the better part of the day.” He pressed his finger to my forehead and I had the location of the nightclub branded to my memory. “Make it happen, Adams!” he said and this time he sank into a shadow like a person going down an elevator.
Lucifer was beginning to bother me. His whole “as it happens” nonsense was too neat and tidy. But I didn’t hang onto my suspicion because it was too early in my investigation to nail anyone with it. 
Although it did give me an impression of the type of father Giovanni had to put up with. And I began to wonder, would it be too farfetched to assume that Giovanni arranged his own murder just to get away from dear old micromanaging dad? It would explain why his soul had not returned to the Pit.
Harry was there before I knew it and I filled him in. 
“We can get there in five minutes,” he said. 
“We’re not going to find the medium,” I said. “Not right now.” 
“But didn’t you say the woman’s ghost could tell you who did it?”
“Yeah, I know what I said but I don’t think that anymore,” I said with a sour taste in my mouth. I opened the case file to one of the last pages and showed him the photograph of a man, a mugshot. “The police have a suspect in custody and I would rather speak with him than go after some medium.”
“What?” said Harry. “Did you tell the Committee?”
I shook my head. “They would have dismissed it altogether. They want me to focus on finding Giovanni’s soul. So I told them I would.” I showed him the address of where we had to go. I laughed a little.
“What’s so funny?” he said.
“The Committee. They just don’t understand humans. Not one bit.”
Maybe they had a grasp on our superstitious minds, but not our deceptive natures.





Chapter 6:
8:00 AM




Downtown Los Angeles was a thing I hardly recognized with skyscrapers tall enough to do more than scrape the sky. There were more freeways here too, more than I remembered. The problem was that there were also more automobiles, tons more. Traffic was a sea of these new cars, with the incessant sounds of horns and too loud music. Just sitting there I wondered how anyone could put up with this nonsense for an extended period of time. Harry couldn’t and he used the empty lane on the far end to cheat through the worst of it.
Our destination was hidden in this new landscape. The place wasn’t far from Chinatown, Harry said. I tensed when I saw it. It had the look of a military installation. It was as welcoming as that. The sign over the building read “Men’s Central Jail,” so that you wouldn’t mistake where you’d ended up. And there were also the too-tall fences and the cigar shaped busses with the sheriff’s logo on them that gave away how close we were to danger. And I wasn’t happy that I had to speak with one of its tenants. 
“What’s wrong?” said Harry. He had parked five minutes earlier and sat there waiting for me to read through the case file.
“I need a cigarette,” I said. 
Harry dug in his pockets and pulled out an assortment of bills. 
“This is the currency they use here. Go buy yourself a pack,” he said.
“Not now,” I said and closed the case file. “In a bit.”  
We exited the car and sniffed around until we found the main entrance. The sheriff deputies who ran the jail didn’t put me at ease either. They reminded us that visiting hours started at ten, not eight. And after Harry convinced them that we were there as part of an investigation, they searched me with military efficiency. I was happy when they finally let us go. 
At least the walk was pleasant. The jail had gadgets and wonders around every corner, enough to make me stop Harry to ask.
“A camera that records people who come in and out of the building.”
“A computer and printer.”
“A copy machine.”
“I knew that one,” I said. I pointed to a small device glued to the ear of one of the people leaving the place. It was similar to the one the Mexican at the store had offered me.
“That’s a cellular phone. It’s like a portable version of that,” he said and pointed at a desk telephone. I wanted to gee-wiz him, but it would have been childish. And it would have made me stand out. “And you can’t call them Mexicans. Try calling them Hispanic or Latinos.”
“What?” I said. “I can’t call a Mexican, Mexican?”
“It’s not politically correct, pal. Maybe they’re from Central America or Puerto Rico. It offends them,” said Harry. He laughed at the confusion that must have showed on my face. “Think of an Irishman being called English.”
“Oh,” I said. That made sense to an extent. 
We signed in and asked to visit with the prime suspect: A thirty year old man who shunned his real name. He preferred his stage name, Craig Deluxe. I at first thought the name was a joke, but when I looked over his résumé it made sense. He was described as an “Adult film extra,” like the extras in moving pictures, but I guessed his roles were more involved. And this guy was a real nut. Some of the people interviewed claimed Craig Deluxe could be found most of the time with a machete or a Samurai sword in hand, talking about murdering animals or politicians or movie stars. 
You could say he was made for the role of the killer. And he had been at the scene of the crime filming Giovanni and Maria in the aforementioned smut film. Yet, the police had not found his fingerprints in the motel room. And as bloody as the crime had been, he had shed not a drop of his own blood and had suffered not even a scratch. I thought that at least the dame would have carved his arms or neck with her nails, but nothing. What the coppers had was his confession and the incriminating reports of others who worked with him.
We reached the visiting area and waited while one of the guards fetched Deluxe. When they brought him out, he wasn’t what I had expected. He had lost weight from the time they took the mugshot and he had shaved his head bald. Also, he had this dreamy look to him like he was having none of reality.
I pulled out the magnifying glass, which made the guard cringe and protest but Harry quieted him down. Looking over Craig Deluxe, I saw enough impurities of both types to send him straight to the Pit. I pitied the guy then knowing the tortures he would have to endure. He wasn’t the murderer though. For all its impurities, his soul was still human and a human didn’t have enough might to go one on one with a celestial’s son. 
“Do you mind if I ask you some questions?” I said. 
Craig shrugged and let out a chortle of laughter. “So many people have asked me questions in the past week, I don’t care anymore,” he said. He sniffed the air like a dog. “You been smoking? Can I get one?”
“I’m fresh out,” I said and put the case file down. “Why did you take the rap for something you didn’t do?”
The directness of the question had the desired effect. I saw the lie unravel in his face at that moment and knew my initial search of his soul had been correct. He let out some more chortled laughter and hit the table.
“I did it! I killed them with these hands!” he said and lifted up his hands for me to see. “I had the camera and they were getting it on and I thought, ‘Why can’t I get some of that?’ But Giovanni said I was only supposed to shoot the scene and my machete told me not to listen to him. Guess which one I paid attention to?” He grinned to reveal a nice set of blackened, yellow, smelly teeth. 
He didn’t betray his story so I tried a different tactic. “Did you know Giovanni Dixon well?” I said.
He stopped to think about it for a second. “Foreigner. Mexican? Indian? Maybe he was a terrorist! I couldn’t tell what he was. Dark skinned people make me mad!” he said. I wanted to point out to Craig that he was a colored man too, but I didn’t want to see his reaction to the news. “He was a mystery to many of us. A guy who hides behind a mask is funny.”
“How long had you known--”
“Maria though, there was a beauty!” he said without bothering to hear me through. “She was beautiful inside, unlike the filth we were. Unlike that Giovanni Dixon. I don’t know what she saw in him!” He put on a mask of anger and then it dissolved. He pointed his index finger at me as if he had made a great discovery. “Did you know she was the only woman that Daniel Painter didn’t audition? And he always auditions the girls wanting to work in his movies.”
I turned to Harry, confused. “Audition?” I said.
“He means that this Painter never,” said Harry and showed me with his fingers what ‘audition’ meant in their line of work. It was graphic and lewd so I made him stop.
“Understood.” I fumbled around the case file looking through the statements until I came to the right one. “This man? Daniel Painter?” I said and showed him.
He nodded. “He runs the whole shebang! Paid well too. I always got fifty bucks for my load,” he said. “And he always let me sleep in the production company. Good man.”
“He was one of the people who pointed the police in your direction. No hard feelings?” I said.
“I deserve to be here for what I did,” was all he said about that.
“So why didn’t he audition Maria?” I said.
“I asked him and he said he was struck. Struck! By that woman’s purity. Those eyes of hers sent his urges back into his pants. Never auditioned her. No, sir! It’s a tradition he bent only for her and never since!” said Deluxe.
Daniel Painter. My original idea about Giovanni staging his murder was looking better now. Maybe he had wanted to disappear to escape his father’s plans, but being a lordling he would have wanted a certain type of host, powerful, with money and privileges and depraved enough for others not to look too closely at his appetites. Daniel Painter was the right bird, I guessed. I was happy with this new lead and got up. Harry let the guard know we were done. 
“Thanks for your time,” I said.
“I only feel sorry I killed her!” shouted Deluxe as we left. “She was a good bitch!” I think he said, but I had closed my ears to him and his madness by that point.
“What are you thinking?” said Harry as we walked down the hallway that led out of the jail.
“Deluxe is a fall guy, too nuts to know any better. This Daniel Painter is the man in charge so I’m gonna pay him a visit,” I said. I stopped to let Harry catch up to me and the ground trembled. “Earthquake,” I said but I was wrong.
Behind us and in front of us, officers and civilians became muddled in a mist. A fissure opened in the air and out of it came a man in his late thirties to early forties. This brawny bird was in a tired-looking suit with the badge of the Enforcers pinned to his chest. His golden hair was in curls, a regular Caesar, and he was a few inches taller than me. 
If I had seen him walking around a police station, he wouldn’t have stood apart from the other coppers; he had that gruff look and stiff manner in his step. The difference was that up close, his eyes bore into you and there was a subtle halo behind his head. I tried to keep my composure but the impurities in my soul ached in his presence.
A sheriff’s deputy bumped into him by mistake. The Enforcer slammed him against a wall with one of his powerful hands. 
“Watch your step!” he said, his tone so commanding I wanted to step lightly too.
“I’m sorry,” said the deputy trying to read the Enforcer badge. The thing changed in a blur. “Captain. I’m sorry.” He rushed off and no one else there made the same mistake as him.
“Detective Adams,” said the Enforcer and his voice was as glorious as it was irritable. He spoke his true name and asked me to remember it as we would, by his admission, become “better friends.” I’ll call this celestial, Michael. “You have strayed far from the path! I am here to straighten your course,” said Michael.
I relaxed. He wasn’t there to hurt me, just lecture me. I looked for Harry but he wasn’t crazy enough to stick around. The Enforcer crossed his arms and I got the distinct impression that he was sizing me up. 
“How’re you going to straighten me out?” I said.
“If Absolution is what you seek, then abandon the advice of the Pit Lord,” he said, this time his voice was full of wrath. “I won’t be coy, Adams, no one in the Pit or the Realm Above thinks much of this investigation. There’s gossip about why Enforcers weren’t allowed to take part. Gossip I don’t like.”
I shook my head and a great smile was on my face. These guys had a lot of nerve. 
“Aren’t you supposed to be staying away from my work?”
He let out a frustrated groan and he became less immaculate. “The Committee forbade me from investigating the crime, but after seeing you speak with Craig Deluxe, I knew you were following the wrong path. An Enforcer cannot stand idle while an injustice festers!” he said.
“Then you’re my sidekick?” I chuckled.
“You think I’m here to play a game?” he said. Michael was face to face with me in a split. “Seek out the culprit responsible for the murders instead.”
“I would if I could,” I said.
“Truly, must you show me how incompetent you are?” he said. His face softened and became fatherly with concern and pity. “Forgive me, but I’m used to speedy results.” He squeezed my arm in a friendly way. “I have gone to the trouble of finding a real lead for you to follow. A banished Pit Dog named Frank Marr has a bar not far from here. He’s connected to Giovanni in more ways than one. I have a hunch that he committed the murder and is holding the missing soul as a trophy.”
He branded the location of the bar in my memory. “Alright,” I said. It did sound interesting, his lead. It would make sense for a disgruntled employee to seek revenge on the management or their children. And a Pit Dog had the strength and cunning to pummel a lordling.
“Anything else?” I said and then something occurred to me. “Why not follow the lead yourself?”
“I’m not here and I never told you anything,” he said and disappeared. “Speak my name if you need further advice!” That time, his voice had come from the walls.
“So it’s off to the bar?” said Harry. He’d been waiting for me nearby. 
I shook my head. “Nah. Let’s go find the medium and then we’ll go after Painter.”
Harry laughed and we walked out. “Just to put the Enforcer on the edge?”
“He’s already on the edge. Guys like that...” I shook my head, my lips hungering for a cigarette. “Even the Pit Lord had his charm. This guy rubbed me the wrong way. Look at how he spoke to me and all that,” I said. “He could have at least said ‘please.’”

“Alright, Adams,” said Harry. “If you say so. But if you think a celestial being is ever going to say ‘please’ to you...”
“Relax, pal, it’s early and we got plenty of time to check out the Enforcer’s lead,” I said.
I didn’t tell Harry that it bothered me that so many celestials wanted to help me with the case. It meant there was more to Giovanni than the Committee was telling me. 





Chapter 7:
9:00 AM




I thought the gas station attendant was joking when he told me how much a pack of cigarettes cost. Just for the tax he charged me I could have bought a week’s worth in 1947. I thought it was because of sixty years of inflation. But I learned there was more to it. Harry said there was a movement in this time period to prevent the use of tobacco. I joked with him about how a similar thing had been tried in my day, namely Prohibition. But according to doctors today, tobacco was responsible for a number of deaths, more so than the combined total for murders (and he assured me the murder rate today was far greater than what I had known), alcohol related death, and other causes. 
There was more awareness, he said, of the vices that humans used and because of that, people were trying to eradicate them. Humans were also eating healthier and exercising more and trying to stop cars from shedding so much smog. It was a more progressive world because of it. That stunned me, and I was tempted to put out my cigarette but the detective in me noticed things that simply didn’t add up.
“So what are they doing about the decay of society?” I said and pointed to a pair of thugs using paint canisters to write on a wall and an assortment of men and women coming in and out of “Liquor Stores” and more homeless people in alleys and forgotten youth passing around narcotics and those mysterious birds in the “Adult Videos” stores. It seemed to me that in this Hollywood they had it backwards; saving the human body is not the same as saving humanity.
Harry laughed and said, “They would love you here, Adams, they would!”
Maybe I had been a moralist while alive. I smiled and then thought better of it. It was very self-righteous in a nasty way. We mused about that until we reached our destination, a night club called Tommy’s that was near the intersection of Sunset Boulevard and La Brea Avenue. The sign below it read, “Girls, Girls, Girls, Live Exotic Dancers!”
“What does she look like?” said Harry and it was a good question. Lucifer hadn’t given me anything other than a location on a map. What do mediums look like anyway?
“I don’t know,” I said and we exited the police car. The bum working the door let us in but only after Harry slipped him a twenty dollar bill, excessive. 
The whole place stank of the putrid sweetness of cheap perfumes, colognes and the all too familiar smoke. We picked a table not far from three stages with fireman poles erect in each. One girl was already on the stage farthest from us and she was a scraggly dame if I ever saw one. Her makeup created a mask of death, literally I mean, because it was some kind of Halloween show. But she was fidgety and her body was skeleton thin and her hair was like dead hay. 
“Drinks, boys?” said a blonde waitress. Her breasts were bare and she gave off the scent of cotton candy. My body didn’t react to her displayed womanliness the way I thought it would, but I remembered what the celestials had told me. Later it might react the way a man ought to, but I wouldn’t be back.
“Shot of whiskey, sweetheart,” I said.
“On duty,” said Harry mechanically when she turned to him. But I could tell by the way he adjusted his legs on the chair that she had an effect on his body.
The waitress came back with a watered-down glass of whiskey that made my stomach turn. Two more dancers got on stage, a colored girl and a Hispanic gal, and the music changed for them into what I recognized as folk music. I searched them with the magnifying glass in case their souls had some marking left over by Lucifer. No luck with that and the two new dancers left.  
Three more dancers entered the stage and one of them came over to us. She was a looker, maybe in her early twenties, a slender kid with black hair and eyes. The other dancers had been middle aged women worn around the edges. The only thing this girl had in common with them was the wild look of someone on dope. While she danced for us, I got this silly-sweet feeling, like I had known her. I looked at her with the magnifying glass but I didn’t recognize her soul. What I had felt might be Lucifer’s calling card so I pegged her as the medium.
“Private dance?” she said with a coquette smile and one hand on the string that held her bikini top in place. 
“No thanks, doll, but maybe we can have a word with you,” I said and urged her outside. 
She laughed like I had told her a joke and then strolled away without saying anything else. It was abrupt. The music hadn’t even ended.
“That’s her,” I said.
“How do you know?”
“I just do,” I said and stood up to go to the bar. Harry followed next to me. We planted ourselves in barstools. The thick bartender came to us. 
“Another drink?” said the bartender.
“Listen,” I said to the bartender. “Did you see the girl who was just with us?”
“Yeah,” said the bartender and scratched his bald head with really thick, bulbous fingers. 
“We wanted some of her time but she just ran off. Can you call her back?” I said.
“Did she? I apologize for that, sir. She’s new. We try to accommodate our guests.” He gave us a once over and must have decided something because he said in a stern voice, “But if you’re gonna cause trouble, you’re gonna have to leave.”
“We just need to talk to her, alright, pal?” said Harry with his hand on his gun.
The bartender’s brown face became grave and he said, “Anything for the law,” and walked behind the bar where the dame had retreated to. A moment later, he came back to us and said, “She’ll meet you out back.”
We did as the bartender instructed and walked out to the back lot. Two minutes later, a dancer emerged, one of the middle-aged dames with paint on her face. At the same time, I caught sight of our girl driving slowly out of the front lot. 
“She flew the coop!” I said and we ran to the police car.
We drove off just in time to tail her. Harry kept his distance, but if I was right and she was doped, she wouldn’t notice. She drove like a maniac making sharp turns and avoiding hitting pedestrians by mere inches at times. She honked her horn and hollered the foulest things at cars that didn’t move fast enough for her. It was frightening just following her. 
She parked in a church lot and entered it, just off of Fairfax and Fountain. I thought it was to throw us off so I told Harry to hang around. We went in after a while. 
It was a small church with all the trappings of Catholicism neatly displayed for all the churchgoers to see. This at least hadn’t changed in the time I had been dead, although I had never been religious, not that I remembered. There were only a few of the pious in there and the priest spoke to them in turn.  
Minutes later, she was alone with the priest, who up close turned out to be an equally young bird with blonde hair and glasses. She had donned a pitch black sundress that showed off her bare shoulders and breasts. But the wild in her wasn’t gone; she had cowboy boots on her feet. The priest tried not to let his eyes wander, but sometimes, when she wasn’t looking, he caught glimpses of her cleavage. I chuckled wondering how many Hail Mary’s he would say later to rid himself of that sin. In the middle of this, we scooted closer and got wind of their conversation.
“I just want the visions to go away, father,” she said, a little desperation in her gentle voice. “I don’t like seeing the end of the world when I sleep.”
“You told me about speaking with the dead and I tried to understand...but visions?” he said. His face changed; he aged before her. He advised a therapist and a clinic. He blessed her and sent her on her way though she lingered. After, he disappeared into another room behind the altar. 
The kid came straight at me and wanted to get by but I stopped her.
“Excuse me,” she said not really looking at me. 
“Just a minute, doll,” I said. 
She gave me a look and tried to get by again. Then she saw Harry. Her eyes bulged open and she froze. “I don’t have anything on me!” she said and dumped the contents of her purse on the ground.
“Relax,” said Harry. “We’re not here to book you.”
Her dark eyes gleamed under the light of the church. “What do you want then?”
I wasn’t in the mood for subtleties so I sprung it on her. 
“I need you to speak with a woman who was murdered.”
She half smiled but it went away quickly. Her dilated pupils focused on all the pretty ornaments in that church before they came back to me. 
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” she said and started to pick up her things.
“You can talk to the dead. They ask for stuff but most of the time they just like to talk. The dead are funny that way,” I said and gave her what I hoped was a knowing smile. 
“This isn’t funny,” she said. “Father Mathews!”
He came out and walked up to us. “What’s wrong?” he said. She told him. “Leave or I’ll call the cops, sir!” he said to me.
“That’s not a costume he’s wearing,” I said and pointed to Harry.
“We just need to ask her some questions,” said Harry.
The priest looked over Harry and his uniform must have satisfied him because he said, “This is the sign you need, child,” to her. 
She crossed her arms and took turns staring at each of us, but she gave in. We escorted her out of the church and into the police car. She fought us when we took her purse. I’ll say this for her, she had some fight. 
“I can explain everything!” she said and then cursed some filthy things. When we didn’t pay attention to her, she kicked at the clear divider that separated the front from the back seats.
“Can’t you do anything?” I said. She was too out of control for me to make use of her.  
“I’m not good at consoling people, Adams,” he said.
“I meant about the drugs in her system,” I said. “She’s no good to me when her head’s not on straight.”
“Oh. I have no power here,” said Harry and he gave me this look.
I knew what he meant. I spoke Lucifer’s true name and he appeared next to her. He was in an outfit that made him look like a pirate, complete with ruffled sleeves. She screamed and tried to get out but he gripped her arm and spoke a soft phrase in a tongue that sounded like gibberish. She calmed down and went to sleep. 
“Ah, there she is,” said Lucifer while playing with her pretty hair. 
“There she’s not,” I said. “I need her sober. Can you manage that for me?”
Lucifer smiled and put his hand on her forehead and spoke another soft phrase. This time, she convulsed like a fish out of water and woke up with another scream and then collapsed again. She curled into the fetal position up against the Pit Lord’s leg.
“I am happy you finally trust me enough to use me,” said Lucifer and gave me a sly smile. He considered the medium. “Keep your hands to yourselves, boys. She’ll be out for a few.” The door flung open for him. He stepped out of the car and leaned against my door. “Be sure to let me know what the woman’s ghost tells you.” 
“No problem,” I said, never mentioning Daniel Painter or the parental advice from Michael. Those things the Pit Lord didn’t need to know about. He disappeared into his shadow and I turned to look at the medium sleeping peacefully. Some part of me kept screaming to pay attention, but I didn’t know if it was in alarm or joy.
“Let’s go talk to Daniel Painter,” I said.
Harry saluted me and drove off. 





Chapter 8:
10:00 AM




Harry drove methodically through busier streets and onto another freeway that headed west towards Santa Monica. The ocean grew larger and larger in the horizon, larger than I ever remembered it. Sights like that brought me peace and for an instant, I got a flash of the Pacific Ocean I had known. I remembered walking near the surf. A collection of seashells was in my hands. I saw small prints in the compacted sand. A child must have made them. There were people around me, not as many as there were now, and life was simple and happy. And then I saw the child who had made the prints in the sand. A little girl with reddish hair handed me a fist full of seashells. And then that world was gone. This world returned and I was bitter that the joy had been snatched from me. I wanted a cigarette.
Harry pulled into a neighborhood near the Santa Monica Pier, which had become as flashy as Hollywood and as densely populated. Painter lived in a building full of condominiums that would have cost a pretty penny in my day. The place was sterile, festive, with cool ocean air filling my lungs. Families played in the sand and in the surf; the Ferris wheel on the pier went round and round. The neighborhood didn’t give away how depraved some of its members were. We sat in the car once he found parking. I had to prepare for a possible encounter with a lordling who didn’t want to be found. 
I left the holster to my revolver open, but closed it again. This was foolish. If Giovanni became angry after being discovered and killed me, then I would have all the proof I needed for the Committee to nab him. With that in mind, I was ready. But I didn’t get out, even though Harry waited. 
“I don’t think you should go,” I said.
He stared at me, his mouth half open. “Why?” he said finally. He turned to the backseat where the medium had begun to stir. “Afraid she’ll run away? Don’t be. These cars have special doors that won’t open from the inside.”
“It’s not that. I don’t know how to explain it. Call it instinct. But Daniel Painter’s type, they don’t open up in front of the coppers,” I said. 
“Hey...” said the medium.
“Alright,” said Harry. “I’ll babysit.”
“Hey!” said the medium. She pressed her face against the clear barrier. “Am I under arrest?”
We both turned to her. “Do you remember what I asked you before?” I said.
She withdrew further back into the seat and crossed her arms. Even ruffled up as she was, the medium gave off a sort of sensuality. She was the perfect damsel in distress except she was no damsel. 
“Are you serious?” she said. She turned to Harry. “Is this a police investigation?”
“Sort of,” I said. “Off the books, if you know what I mean.”
She nodded. “A few cops have talked to me before, but it was mostly about sex. This is a change of pace,” she said and let out some more of that easy laughter. “Okay, I’m game.”
“Right now I was hoping you would help us with a different matter,” I said. “Be a doll and come along with me on a visit.”
“You’re crazy!” said Harry. “Maybe you should have had me possess a female police officer!”
“Maybe,” I said. But putting Harry in a female body wouldn’t have been right somehow. Call that my prejudice.
“Who’re we visiting?” she said, her eyes wide open, full of mischief and life. She laughed again and slammed her hands against the barrier. I pressed the case file against it, which was open to the page on Daniel Painter. She looked over the page and then said, “Why are we going to see him?”
“A question better left unanswered. I need you for arm candy,” I said and got out. If Painter ran a decent-sized operation then he was no patsy. Having her with me might lower his defenses. “Promise to play along and my friend here’ll forget about the dope he found on you.”
I saw the gears in her head working over and over the circumstances we found her in. Had she left any of it in her purse? Where was her purse? How long had she been out? 
“Where’s my stuff?” she said.
“In the trunk,” said Harry.
“Give it back first,” she said. 
“Only if you promise to behave,” I said.
“Promise,” she said with a smile. “Girl Scout’s honor.”
I opened her door and she pranced out like a kitten. After Harry dug out her purse, she spent several minutes putting her hair in place. I tried to hurry her up but she cursed at me with that filthy mouth of hers. When she finished we walked together to Painter’s building. 
I stopped her at the front door buzzer. 
“Listen, kid, I got a feeling this Painter isn’t what you think,” I said trying to protect her sensibilities; even a dame who used dope was still a lady.
“Someone who shoots porn?” she said, a blank expression on her face. 
I ate my next words and they didn’t taste very good. “How did you know?” I said.
“Are you kidding me? His company’s name is Dirty 69 Productions,” she said.
That she noticed at all made me laugh. The dame’s mind was sharper than I had thought so I made a mental note of it. I found Painter’s name on the register and buzzed him and then buzzed him three more times before he answered. 
“Yeah?” said a man with a silky smooth voice. 
“Is this Daniel Painter?” I said.
“Can’t you read? That’s what the tag says,” said Painter. His silky voice had a little more venom that time.
“My name is Raymond Adams. I wanted to talk about Giovanni Dixon,” I said.
“For decency’s sakes, it’s ten in the morning!” There was a pause. “You with the cops?” he said. 
“I’m a private investigator.”  
The door buzzed open and we went up the stairs, towards one of the many units in the building. The medium pranced in front of me and then behind me with this grin on her face.
“What?” I said.
“You’re a private eye?”
“Yeah.”
An explosion of laughter. This was apparently the funniest thing she had ever heard. She looked me up and down once more while I let out some cigarette smoke. 
“Oh my god!” she said. “You’re a walking cliché!” She tried to handle my coat and then the fedora, but I brushed her off. “Did they make you buy a detective hobby kit or what?” 
I blew some smoke in her face and that made her stop laughing. She made me have second thoughts about bringing her with me. But she was there and we were in front of the right door. 
“Behave,” I said. 
She tucked her hands behind her back and put on an innocent face. A few knocks later, we were in front of Daniel Painter. He let us in. His place was clean and well furnished, with a nice view of the ocean. He had an open bottle of liquor on a table and a half-dressed blonde babe keeping watch over two glasses full of the stuff. The man was thick with muscles, tall, and dark haired; he wore a robe with too much of his chest hair sticking out of it. 
Across the room was a fellow with what looked like a camera in his hands. He was tall and sinewy, with a European face and a five o’clock shadow, Spaniard maybe but he could have easily been British or Italian. This bird was a walking contradiction. He wore a pair of well-pressed black slacks and a long sleeved, black button shirt; a relaxed attire. But he was far from cool. There was a grave look to his face that froze his lips into a thin line. I couldn’t see his eyes because he wore sunglasses. 
Painter explained they were in the middle of a job interview of sorts. What had he said about it being ten in the morning? This was one of his famous auditions.
“Told you they weren’t cops,” he said to the blonde. His silky voice was more potent up close. “Those pigs don’t bother to knock anymore.” He eyed the medium up and down. “Brought me a prospect?” He slithered over to her and offered his hand. “Daniel Painter, miss...”
“Jenn,” said the medium and I was a little guilty that I hadn’t bothered with her name.
“Jenn,” said Painter and tasted the name in his tongue while they shook hands. “Ben, wasn’t she just what we were looking for this week?” said Painter to the quiet fellow in the corner without turning his head away from her.
The European man, Ben, nodded and the camera turned to them. Before things became difficult, I pulled out the magnifying glass and looked Painter over. He chuckled throughout but I got a good look at his soul. He was a sick individual, about the same as Craig Deluxe, but Giovanni wasn’t hiding inside him. I put the magnifying glass away, not happy with the setback. In the very least, he could give me information.
“Never mind the dame, let’s talk about Gio,” I said.
He offered us a seat and shooed away the blonde babe. Ben remained in the corner, on his feet, unmoving like a statue, an unnerving display of obedience. Painter said, “Just pretend Ben’s not here,” and continued with the courtesies. I got to taste some of his whiskey (it was whiskey in the bottle). He turned out to be a good host, all things considered. All the while, Ben fiddled with the camera, the lens “accidentally” finding Jenn several times. I motioned for him to put it up, but he didn’t answer. 
“None of that,” I said and made eye contact with Ben. 
He didn’t flinch or look away, but while wearing sunglasses it was hard to tell what he was looking at. Those thin lips of his formed a smile I didn’t like. I pulled out the magnifying glass and was astonished. His soul barely showed through the saturation of Destructive Impurities clinging to it. This human was so filthy he made Painter look like a saint. It was suspicious and unnatural. Destructive Impurities are so named because they corrode the soul until there’s nothing left but an empty vessel. With the amount he had, I was surprised he was still standing. But there was nothing mystical there, which was even more disturbing. He was an ordinary man. My stomach turned just wondering how he could have earned that many impurities while still being relatively young.  
Painter waved to Ben and the camera disappeared. “Your eyes are sick!” said Painter to me. “You guys wanna make a quick hundred bucks?”
“How?” said Jenn, playful curiosity in her eyes. 
“Let Ben here shoot you two as you get to know one another better,” said Painter and urged Ben to bring out the camera again. 
Jenn actually gave me a quick looking over before I put up my hand and said, “Giovanni Dixon. Do you mind?”
Painter laughed a hearty laugh. “I don’t mind talking about Gio. He was real.” He gave me a wolfish grin that flashed all his pristine teeth. “He was real profitable. It’s a shame what happened...He was bigger than John Holmes, you know?”
The kid giggled while Painter flashed me his grin. I didn’t get it and I stopped her from explaining it to me outright. 
I pulled out the case file and found his statement. “It says here that on the day of Giovanni’s murder you saw Craig Deluxe hacking away angrily at one of the life-size dolls you use as a prop. This before sending him with them to shoot a film?”
His face changed and I knew what it was immediately. He was organizing facts in his head. A truthful man would just answer.
“Craig...” he let out this Oscar worthy sigh. “I let him stay at our place in the Valley. He’s homeless, you know. Craig was worthless in front of the camera, never blowing it where you wanted him to blow it and always late or early. But Craig could shoot a scene like a pro. I had to use the guy somehow, right?”
“Why do you think Deluxe did it?” I said. “He was halfway insane when I spoke to him earlier this morning.”
“I thought about that,” he said and jiggled his knee. “Desperation. He’s one of these guys who comes on the scene with a flashy name, bragging about how big he is. But it’s pathetic, you know? And besides that, he freaked out the ladies. You can’t ruffle the women and expect to have fun. I’m thinking that he tried to put himself on the scene that night, but Gio didn’t let him tap Maria,” said Painter and his voice had become silky smooth again. It was almost exactly what Deluxe had told me earlier. I wanted to congratulate him on being able to manipulate a mad man. Instead I let him simmer.
Painter had taken up a small towel and began to wipe off the sweat that glistened on his chest. He inspected me without making eye contact. “What else did he say?” he added in a nonchalant way.
I pretended to page through the statement and then said, “Nothing much. It makes sense, now.”
He clapped in triumph and poured us all another drink, all the while that wolfish grin spread on his face in a filthy display of arrogance. I honestly got the urge to wash myself, but I fought it for the next volley. 
“What about the doll Giovanni was with when he was bumped off?” I said as he handed me a refilled glass of whiskey. I took a sip and watched him. “What do you know about Maria Esperanza?”
The grin on Painter’s face disappeared and he sat down. 
“She was a lowlife, even by our standards. And what a hypocrite! She talked on and on about feminine superiority, but look at the profession she was in!” he said. The bitterness in his voice dissolved the silkiness that had once been there. “I felt sorry for Gio. She may as well have had a collar on him the way she dragged him around. He was her little bitch.” 
“How long was she with Giovanni?”
He shrugged and savored a gulp of whiskey. “From what I hear, they hooked up a year ago, long before I hired them. He actually brought her into adult films, I think. Gio was inseparable from her, which was costly. If you hired him it was assumed you would hire her.” He shook his head and slammed down the slug of whiskey. “I had worked with him before and it had been fine. With her though...”
“I didn’t mean to upset you,” I said.
He shook his head. “No problem.”
“Funny thing,” I said and chuckled to myself.
“What?” said Painter.
“Deluxe said she was something else. He seemed pretty mesmerized by the dame. But you’re telling me she wasn’t exactly likeable,” I said.
He half chuckled and coughed and then began to do circles with his hands. “I didn’t mean that she wasn’t likeable. I can totally see what Craig meant. What I meant was she got Gio all whipped. A man don’t think straight when he’s like that. Why else would he get all caught up in her coven or whatever those witches call it?” said Painter. He poured himself more whiskey and swallowed the slug in his glass hard and poured himself another. What he wanted to drown with the whiskey I didn’t know.  
And then I thought back to my last moments with Craig Deluxe. What had he said? “She was a good bitch.” But I hadn’t heard that too well. Had he said ‘witch’ instead of ‘bitch’?
“If I wanted to find Maria’s group, this coven, where would I go?” I said.
He went behind his desk and fished out what looked like a postcard. “You hear about them in the news for all the wrong reasons. Mostly young chicks running away after they had their fill of dancing in the woods naked,” he said and handed the thing to me. 

It showed a lush wooded scene. In the middle of it was a faceless female, glowing, a naked deity. Her arms were raised high above her head, almost forming a crescent. Illuminating her was an effervescent moon. The caption read, “Sisters of Night.” There was contact information in its rear and a name, Nadia Faber.
“Cute,” I said and put it away. And when he sat back down I hit him with it. “Is it true you never auditioned Maria?”
I may as well have smacked him with a baseball bat. He was off balance for a moment before he put his face together and answered. “Is that what Craig said?” he said and then added, “It’s true. I never touched her.”
“Why?” I said and he went into thought. I threw him a little help. “Was it because she was high and mighty?”
“No, but tons of guys hit that. Tons,” he said with fiery anger rising in his defensive voice. I had crossed a line here, pressed a nerve. “I just don’t like Mexicans. Too loud. She was an obnoxious one too, playing that Spanish music for everyone to hear. I don’t touch them, but you know...these immigrants have money too and money has no race or prejudices. So I hire a few of their kind to make films for their appetites.” 
He tried to give me the same wolfish grin, but it was marred by something I had seen before: An injured pride. It was an ugly thing. 
“That’s what Craig Deluxe said,” I said and put away the case file. There was no point in confronting him with a suspicion. So I got up and signaled Jenn it was time to go. I left him to his vices.
“You really got to him with that last question!” she said when we were outside, excited as a little girl. 
That she noticed surprised me as much as her performance inside. She was very observant, like I said before, and also quick witted. 
“How’d he look to you?” I said. 
“Like a scumbag...but cute,” she said and grinned.
I shook my head. “You mind keeping us gentlemen company for a while longer? I wanted to visit the Sisters of Night and I might need you,” I said. I showed her the postcard. “And who knows. Later we might actually summon the dead.”
She shrugged. “I got nothing better to do,” she said. 





Chapter 9:
11:00 AM




Harry had driven away from Painter’s place and slowly made his way back to the freeway. I caught him up on what he had missed. At the mention of Maria’s coven he laughed like I had told a joke. I pulled out the Sisters of Night postcard and showed it to him. He studied the thing briefly and gave it back. 
“Kinky,” said Harry and laughed again and Jenn just had to have another look at the thing after he said that.
“I think Maria was more than just a human,” I said. “She may have been a practicing witch.”
“Witchcraft?” said Harry as he drove. 
“That’s what I’m thinking,” I said. 
“Actual witchcraft?”
“By your tone I’m guessing there is no such thing,” I said. 
He thought for a moment, looking dead ahead as cars whirred by. “There are humans who can tap into the mystical, like our friend back there,” he said and motioned towards Jenn. “She might’ve been called a witch long ago. But they’re rare. Most of the time, talk of witchcraft is a reference to the days of Elohim and the Great Ones. They were super celestials who were amused with some humans and allowed them favors, miracles and other displays of power. POOF! Witches and wizards!” He laughed. “It doesn’t happen as often these days. The Executor is the last of their kind and from what I hear, he doesn’t get amused by anyone. But it’s not unheard of that a celestial from the four realms will make a pact with a human.” 
He laughed and it wasn’t so funny. The picture that was beginning to take shape wasn’t a pretty one. If Maria Esperanza had made a deal with a celestial, it was possible she had used the favor to murder Giovanni; the right celestial would be more than a match for a lordling. But it didn’t make any sense. She was dead and in the Abstract Realm. Why make a deal that would get you murdered and dumped in that place? And where was Giovanni’s soul? 
“You think she’s a witch?” said Jenn.
“No,” I said.
“Good ‘cause that’s a dumb idea,” said Harry. Never let it be said that friends aren’t willing to mock you when you’re wrong. “Let’s stop to eat,” he said suddenly. “This body is hungry.”
“This one is too,” said Jenn and laughed. 
“We don’t have time to eat,” I said.
“Aren’t you hungry?” said Jenn.
I wasn’t. “It’s only eleven in the morning and I need to spend more time on this,” I said and turned to Harry. “My future depends on it.”
“Important case?” she said. “It has to be if you guys are considering witchcraft.” 
She laughed. I didn’t. She was putting two and two together in ways I didn’t like. I had been right about her, very observant and curious, trying to hide it all under the guise of play. Honestly, I didn’t want to stop since the investigation had taken a positive turn. Painter helping to frame Deluxe sounded good to me, now all I needed to do was figure out why. I didn’t want to stop my momentum. But I gave in to Harry and Jenn because I wanted to consider my next move.
“Alright,” I said. “Not for too long though.” 
Harry drove us to one of a number of burger joints in the area and walked inside to order and I sat there with the medium. Jenn was cheery as always and tried to make jokes that I didn’t understand. Looking around, there was an enormous amount of colored families and Mexicans. Some of them had Spanish music blaring so loudly you could hear it halfway across the parking lot. It made me tense, like they were violating my privacy. Yes, I remembered what Harry said about Hispanics and Latinos, but these folks had the Mexican flag on the windshield of their car; it followed that they were actual Mexicans. There was hardly a White face around. It made me think about what Painter said regarding Mexicans. I turned to Jenn with an idea.
“Painter not liking Mexicans, is that a common thing these days?” I said.
She turned her head sideways and leered at me. “What do you mean by ‘these days’?”
I chuckled. Saying that had been sloppy. “I’ve been hiding in a cave for about a hundred years, kid,” I said and took a drag off my cigarette. “Should I be concerned that Painter seemed ashamed of not liking Mexicans?” 
She still leered at me. “You’re lying,” she said firmly. She considered something and then let it go with a shrug. “People today aren’t liking Mexican immigrants as much as they used to. There’s movements and laws everywhere now to send them back to Mexico. But this is still Los Angeles, so saying you don’t like Mexicans is a bad thing.”
Scenarios ran back and forth in my head but I needed to know more.
I almost turned red asking Jenn this. “Does the smut industry share in those sentiments?”
She laughed. “Like I know,” she said and then quickly added, “What Painter said is partly true. Money may be without prejudice, but lust is completely and absolutely prejudiced. People have fetishes of every kind and men like Painter know this. They like to give a buffet of options to their customers, but those customers only satisfy their fetishes.”
“And how does a darling like you know that much?”
She laughed bitterly. “Even the oldest and ugliest dancers have their special set of eyes that only find them. I have a few who follow me.” She gave me a devilish smile. “Okay, maybe more than a few. You should see my Twitter page.” 
She laughed again like it was the funniest thing in the world. 
“Since you seem a little wise about this, let me ask you something else: Painter told us that Giovanni and Maria were a package deal and that the two were in love. Following me?” 
“Right,” she said, real attentive.
“Okay, then this part doesn’t make sense. Giovanni had to have known about Painter’s auditions and that he would want to audition her. If I’m right and Painter auditioned her, why would Giovanni let that happen if he was in love with her?”
She laughed at this so hard it made me feel like a dullard. “What makes you think these people believe in monogamy?” she said and laughed some more. 
Her answer was interesting, and it made me feel real ancient, but it wasn’t a knowing answer. Harry came in with a bundle of burgers and French fries and soda pop in proportions that were enormous. I had never seen that much food in one place. Jenn ate like she hadn’t eaten in a month as did Harry. I only nibbled to maintain appearances. The kid was noticing too much and it would have seemed odd for me not to touch food. While they ate, I thought of what I wanted to do next. 
“When we get done, can you call this telephone number?” I showed Harry a page in the case file that had contact information for a woman who worked in Adult films under the stage name, China Skynne. She was one of the three people who had fingered Deluxe as the killer. 
“Don’t want to go see the witches?” he said with a grin.
“You keep that up, Harry, and next time I’ll have you inside the body of a dog,” I said. He almost choked on his burger laughing. Jenn raised her eyebrow. “I need to know a little more about their line of work,” I said and chewed on another French fry. My other reason was that I had to know why Painter hadn’t audition Maria or if he had, why he was refusing to admit to doing it. As a detective, I was going nuts over it. 




Chapter 10:
12:00 PM




We stayed on the 10 freeway heading towards Malibu until it became Highway 1, what they now called the Pacific Coast Highway. My stomach tightened with each new breath of salty sea air. It reminded me too much of what I had experienced while in Santa Monica earlier. I could still see the little girl with the seashells when I closed my eyes. I noticed Jenn eyeing me and I snapped out of it.  
The Pacific Coast Highway had so many cars strolling through it that I was amazed we managed a mile an hour. At one point, Harry turned on the sirens mounted on top of the police car and that made everyone get out of our way. I was glad we had only taken a brief lunch. But we arrived eventually.
“Should’ve brought my bikini,” said Jenn. She had taken off her cowboy boots and walked barefoot on the sand, at one point forcing me to carry her stuff. I had a good mind to leave her there. She was something else.
The sun created enough warmth and light to allow a few men and women to pass the time by the water. The place we stopped at had its fair share of women so close to nudity that their bathing suits seemed irrelevant. I asked if maybe they were in the film that China Skynne was working on. 
“I don’t think so, Adams,” said Harry. Jenn only chuckled. “That’s the fashion.”
“Seems lewd,” I said and Jenn slapped my arm.
Her smile disappeared when she noticed I didn’t smile back. “You’re serious?” she said, her tone aghast. “No television in that cave you were in?”
I didn’t answer and instead led them to a two story beach house nestled on some of the finest rocks Malibu could provide. Trees had been placed there, but I sensed that they were like the act of love making in one of Painter’s films, just pretense. They were probably imported from somewhere else. Near the front entrance was a gathering of young men, maybe in their mid-twenties, carrying equipment into the house and a cooler full of green bottles that I guessed were alcoholic.  
They gave Harry second looks as we passed them before settling their eyes on Jenn and then ignoring us completely. There was a poster on the door with the following written on it: 

Malibu Babes 13
China Skynne Cums To Town!

There was a small photograph of the woman we were there to see, China Skynne, along with the name of Painter’s production company. No one gave us trouble as we went through the door. 
It smelled like a whorehouse in there, thick with odd fragrances and the odor of lubricants. The cameras were set up in a room overlooking the ocean. We went there. A scene was in progress. I won’t go into the wild details of it, but it involved China, two other dames and a husky, brown man, maybe he was a Latino but I couldn’t tell. Harry and Jenn watched with interest. Old Harry was so focused on the intercourse that I began to wonder if Shadow Mongers had urges too. Sick bastard.
China Skynne was a tiny, Chinese doll, with skin so golden I guessed it wasn’t natural. And she was robust, making livid movements with a smile so wide it disturbed me.  
“If you’re in the scene you better undress now,” said a cat with blonde hair and a great grin. Jenn giggled and it made the cat bold. He looked her over and then put on a grin that reminded me of the one that Painter had worn. “I’m kidding. Just trying to get you naked,” he said and she laughed. 
“Beat it,” said Harry.
“Hold on,” I said. “Did you know Giovanni Dixon?”
“Everyone knew Gio,” he said.
“How about Craig Deluxe?” I said. “And Maria Esperanza?”
His smile disappeared for a fraction of a second and then returned. “Yeah. We all knew them,” he said and walked away. 
Everyone else I asked greeted me with the same apprehension. I thought maybe it was because of Harry in his police uniform, but it didn’t seem like it; a few of the women had flirted with Harry before I started asking questions. But being there gave me a look at the lifestyle they led. There was ample groping and naughty talk. A few went as far as undressing and engaging in sexual acts with little provocation. Another bird cooked steaks in the kitchen while drinking a beer and groping another young broad. There was also the sharing of what I guessed were recreational narcotics and also of prescription bottles. Overall, the atmosphere was playful, unrestrained. Ironically, when it came to Craig Deluxe and Maria Esperanza there was a blanket of silence here and no one dared to poke their heads out of it.
China finished her part in the scene and they congratulated one another. After she toweled off the variety of oils, creams and other things on her body, she came over to us. She gave us less than friendly looks, except for Jenn whom she was affectionate with, going so far as to brush her shoulder after shaking hands. She didn’t shake any of our hands. 
“Sorry, but I don’t like pigs touching me,” she said with a gentle smile that said she wasn’t sorry at all. “What do you guys want? I said all I had to at the station,” she said and threw on a robe. “Gotta go! Gotta go!”
One thing that struck me right away was that when she spoke, her English was without accent. During the filming of the pornographic scene, however, she had spoken with what one might call a mock Chinese accent or something of the sort. It had been an act, like so much of their work was. And here I thought the Abstract Realm was the only force that made props out of human beings. 
“We need to go over your statement one more time,” I said. 
“You guys bug!” she said and let out a frustrated hiss. She crossed her arms and tapped her watch. That other cat, the one who had been all flirty with Jenn, approached us.
“She’s gotta run. We got another shoot in the Valley in an hour!” he said. The concern on his face was false, another example of the type of acting these men and women did. 
I pulled out the case file and went to her statement. “It says here you overheard Craig Deluxe talking about killing someone.  This was supposedly on the night prior to Giovanni’s and Maria’s murder,” I said. She nodded and I let out a cloud of smoke as I read her every move. “Why did you lie?” 
There was a mixture of emotions on her face. She tried a smile that dissolved into pure anger. Then she said a few things that were nonsense.
“What?” was the first thing she said that made sense. “Are you calling me a liar?”
“Yes,” I said. She tried to slap me but I held back her hand and Harry kept that other cat from jumping me. Soon, there were four other men in there, each stabbing daggers into us with their eyes. I held onto China’s slender wrist and said, “We’re not really from the police. We’re here because we want to know what happened to Giovanni and Maria.”
“Yeah right! Let go!” said China.
“He’s telling the truth,” said Jenn. She whispered a few more things in China’s ear, words of comfort that slowly dissolved the anger in the other woman. 
China relaxed and I gave back her hand. “Who sent you?” she said. 
“Giovanni’s family,” I said. “They want to know what really happened. So far all I got is that Craig Deluxe didn’t do it.” We locked eyes and she blinked and turned away. “We really could use your help.”
China put her hand over her mouth and motioned for us to follow her. The cat who had been helping her said, “We gotta pick up Merc and be in the Valley in an hour!” and then more desperately, “Don’t get mixed up in this, China! It ain’t worth it!”
She didn’t stop to respond and led us up the spiral stairwell to one of the bedrooms not occupied. The door slammed shut and she threw off the robe. 
“You don’t mind, do you?” she said. She didn’t wait for an answer and she pranced around the room, picking up discarded clothes and putting them on. Harry fumbled with words before he walked away, but I was immune to her display.
“Not at all,” I said and pulled out a fresh cigarette.
She urged me to give her one and I did. “Thanks. So what? Why do you think that sick fuck didn’t do it? He was there shooting them and he’s violent. Violent!”
“You’ve seen Deluxe. He’s messy and yet not one of his prints landed in that room. Impossible.” I wanted to get a better look at her pretty face so I came closer. “Did Painter put you up to it?” She let out a bitter chuckle and continued to smoke. “Craig Deluxe is a fool...” I said and noticed it this time, how she covered parts of her privates at the mention of the name. “But he’s not a murdering fool.” And then, with my mouth half an inch away I whispered, “But he did something to you, didn’t he?”
Her eyes betrayed her and her mouth opened to protest. I thought she was going to cave in but she didn’t. 
“No, Danny Painter didn’t put me up to it,” she said, her words ice cold. She shook her head and something sinister crossed her features. “What I said isn’t a lie. Maybe I was motivated to talk instead of keeping my mouth shut like I would have for anyone else, but that crazy bastard did everything I said he did in my statement.”
That wasn’t a surprise at all. Craig Deluxe seemed like the kind of nut to talk murder whenever possible. This time it had gotten him into trouble and would possibly cost him his life. China remained reserved, never offering anything else about her feelings for Deluxe. So I pried in a different direction.
“How well did you know Giovanni and Maria?” I said.
This softened her up. “I loved them both,” she said with a genuine smile on her face. “Gio was...he was so smooth, but not in a chauvinistic way, not like Danny. He could listen and feel things for you. He was gentle and sweet. I worked with him before he hooked up with Maria and those were some of the best shoots I’ve done.” She snorted and her eyes wandered off to some faraway place. “Maria was pretty cool too. She was tough and street smart, but she loved life. I can still hear that roaring laugh of hers she let out during shoots. And that look...it made guys go crazy for her.”
“Painter said she kept Giovanni on a short leash,” I said.
She smirked. “She was assertive.” She went no further into that.
I pulled out the postcard from the Sisters of Night and China looked it over. She shrugged and I said, “Maria was involved with this and so was Giovanni.”
“I’m not into cults. If they did that it was before we became friends,” she said.
That was a good enough answer. “Anyone else mind that she was a Mexican?” I said.
The confusion that appeared on China’s face was answer enough for me. She walked over to a drawer and pulled out a photograph. I looked it over. It had six people in it, of which I recognized three: Giovanni, Maria and China. Behind the people in the photograph were a variety of motorcycles and hefty, bald men in leather and helmets. Above them was a sign for the establishment they had been in: Marr’s Place. It was a name that sent vibrations through my spine. I remembered Frank Marr, the ousted Pit Dog who Michael thought was responsible for the murders. 
“When was it taken?” I said, trying to draw her out. 
“Just after Maria and Gio signed up with Danny. We were celebrating that, actually. God, how I remember that night.” She laughed and said, “Gio and Maria took me and Chucky there cause they knew Frank, the owner, and we caused this big bar fight! But Frank broke it up and was pretty chill about it. We were all a big family, no racism or any of that shit.” She laughed a wistful laugh. I asked her who the others in the photograph were, three men, a Latino, a Chinaman, and a White man with long hair. “Chucky Lee, Victor Martinez, and Lady Chris,” she said while pointing them out.
“Lady Chris?” I said. She had pointed to a broad shouldered, muscular man, with chiseled features. He was the White man with the long hair and, on closer inspection, make up. 
“Transvestite. Her real name is Christopher Agretto. I know, it’s not obvious when she’s not in drag. She’s one of Maria’s friends from way back. I think she’s a prostitute,” she said. “Gio, Maria, and Lady Chris were pretty tight with Frank.” She leaned closer to me and her warmth was gentle. “All the bikers didn’t give Chris a second look ‘cause of Frank.”
“You mean ‘he’? Lady Chris isn’t some dame,” I said.
She chuckled. “You call Lady Chris a ‘he’ and she’ll swing at you,” she said.
Before that thought molested me any further, something I had forgotten slapped me in the face. 
“Chucky Lee?” I said and she nodded. He was the third person who had fingered Craig Deluxe to the police. “Do you know if he’s around to talk to him?”
“Only if you wanna dig him out. He’s six feet under,” she said. “He was gunned down in a drug deal last week.”
Right after he gave his statement. It was too much of a sinister coincidence and I asked her this on a hunch: “Was he an actor too?”
She shook her head. “He was Painter’s number one camera man up until he died. That guy, Ben, took his place,” she said.
Just as I had thought. And it followed that Chucky Lee would have known for sure if Painter had auditioned Maria, maybe even filming the ordeal. 
“Did Painter audition Maria?” I said without meaning to.
The alarm that covered her face was revealing. This was a touchy subject for her too, maybe for everyone involved in Painter’s production company. 
“I don’t know. Danny says no, but that party he threw to celebrate their coming over to us was pretty wild. Things get out of hand during those parties,” she said with a knowing sadness coming over her pretty eyes. “Chucky would have known though.” A grim horror froze her face as she said the last word of that sentence, probably piecing together what I just had. “You don’t think...” She got up suddenly and forced a smile. “Sorry, but I gotta get going.” She kissed Jenn in the lips. “Call me sometime,” she told Jenn and disappeared.  
“Harry,” I said and the big lug appeared there. I swiped the photograph she had shown me and put it in my coat. “Let’s go.”
“Why are you taking her stuff?” said Jenn as we walked on the sand outside. She seemed half annoyed by it.
“This,” I said tapping the pocket with the photograph in it, “is going to tell me a story.”
I was guilty at how quickly China had turned and ran from me. It was a strange thing to feel guilt, true guilt, not the hints of it. She kept insisting that they would be late and there was traffic and they still had to pick up someone else. I felt so bad that I asked Harry to turn on the sirens again. China and her crew followed us through the Pacific Coast Highway at over eighty miles an hour. Jenn called me a nice guy and said it would come back to haunt me someday. All I could do was laugh.
The heat was progressively climbing up to the 80s, making me strip off the overcoat and forcing Jenn to make cracks about my self-restraint. She had a point. Everyone in this era was more casual. 
“I wanna see what a witch looks like,” I said.
Harry laughed and then stopped. “You’re serious, aren’t you?” he said.
“Yeah. I am.”





Chapter 11:
1:00 PM




We were at the edge of civilization, where the canyons and woods met the limits of extravagant living. It was pleasant as only money can make things pleasant. The woods nearby were just a prop, like the hills were a prop, all to create the perfect setting away from the trash at the bottom of their hills. It was only an accident that Mother Nature had played along. Harry told me that here in the Upper Riviera the places cost in the tens of millions of dollars, amounts so crazy I was flabbergasted. 
Nadia Faber’s house was one of these numbers overlooking the canyon. It had an unusual shape, cubic but bent at the front at an awkward angle. Two garages belonged to her and had easy access to the small road we were on; a car was parked outside of each. One was a hulking shinny truck with what I recognized as the Cadillac emblem. Jenn made a comment about how much the second car cost, but I think she was joking--a modest house couldn’t cost as much as a car.
A pair of young palm trees decorated either side of her front door. I knocked several times but no one answered. We retreated back to the police car.
“Get her on the line and see if she’s home,” I said and Harry called her on Jenn’s portable telephone.  
“Miss Faber is not available,” said the woman on the other end of the line. No matter how much Harry insisted, this woman wouldn’t surrender much information. 
“She took a drive to Palm Springs and won’t be back until later,” said Harry. “Now what?”
“She’s here,” I said, pointing to the shiny cars. “I doubt the servants own those.” I thought for a moment and then looked Jenn over.
“What?” she said.
“Do I look old enough to be your father?” I said.
“Try older brother,” she said and let out more of that easy laugh and Harry did too after a while.
“Come on,” I said. “You’re about to join the Sisters of Night.”
This didn’t please her, I could tell, but she got out of the car and played along just the same. I knocked on Nadia Faber’s door again and then pounded on it when no one answered. 
The door peep opened and there appeared the chubby face of a woman I was tempted to call Mexican. She had indigenous features that made me think otherwise. 
She eyed me and Jenn and then said, “Miss Faber is not home.” 
“Hot damn!” I said, “We really could’ve used Miss Faber’s help.” I played with my hat in the most nervous way I could, looking around the neighborhood from time to time to present the image of anxiety. “My sister, see. She has visions and we heard that Miss Faber knows of these things...” The bolt unlocked and the door opened. 
“I tell her,” the servant said and caressed Jenn’s pretty face. She ran off into the house.
“Hot damn? Really?” said Jenn and shook her head. She chewed on the inner part of her lip. “I don’t want some witch knowing about me.”
“You heard Harry. There’s no such thing as witches,” I whispered. The round servant came back with a White dame, well-bred by the look of her walk and posture. It was her boss, Nadia Faber.
“Oh...she is so lovely, Roberta,” said Nadia. Her well-manicured nails caressed Jenn’s cheek in the most motherly fashion. “I am Nadia.” She shook Jenn’s hand.
“I’m Raymond Adams,” I said. “My sister here is Jenn.”
“A pleasure,” said Nadia and shook my hand for the briefest of moments.
She was a dark haired dish, voluptuous, with alluring grey eyes, and not too worn around the edges. She was probably pushing fifty but up a very steep hill. A plain robe wrapped around her body. It was vanilla, a dull color that complimented the meek expression on her face. She cringed when she made eye contact with me. She urged us towards the interior of the maze-like first floor. 
“Please excuse the mess,” she said and tied her robe tighter. “I was in the pool, relaxing when Roberta fetched me.” She turned to her servant. “Water, please, for all of us. And some of those darling cookies you make, dear.” Roberta stormed away wearing a great smile and we were left alone with Nadia.
In her living room, a wall of glass facing west offered a view of the Pacific, the wooded canyon I had seen outside, and mountains that provided a wall of protection. I would be lying to you if I said it didn’t impress me. She offered us a seat and I admired the hardwood floor and mock fireplace that had a screen playing an image of burning wood. Roberta came back later with a tray and some pleasantries in it. I had water and Jenn tried the cookies, which she said were delicious. The first few minutes, Nadia went on and on about the home and its earth-friendly features.
“Solar panels on the roof power the house.” 
“Organic gardens out back and fruit trees.”
“A salt water infinity pool for recreation.” 
The list went on and on. After that minute passed, she fidgeted while looking at me. It was cozy in there, pristine actually, but not friendly; she was alone aside from Roberta and in silence, not listening to music. Nothing. 
“Nice paintings,” I said. The walls had canvases as big as six feet. All of them depicted a female deity, and I recognized a few from Greek Myth, Venus, Hera and some from religions like Christianity and Hinduism. Maybe I had been a scholar. Who knew? On the biggest of these was a faceless female deity, like the one on the postcard Painter had given me. In the painting, She wore a white dress made of clouds. Her arms reached up to the sky and She held the full moon in Her delicate hands, like I would a basketball. Looking closer at it, I noticed something interesting: The name of the artist was Giovanni Dixon. The murdered Pit lordling had more up his sleeve than a cheat at a poker game.
The place gave every indication of normality, but she had some fetish for necklaces. There must have been a hundred different types of them on padded displays, smooth black velvet decorated them. A few had ancient pendants on them; these were in crystal cases. 
“May I?” I said and she hesitantly agreed. I looked one over with the magnifying glass. There was nothing suspicious about them except the hints of what might have been a few drops of blood. I put it back and hid my concern. “Beautiful piece! All these magnificent pieces!”
“What can I do for you?” Nadia said when I tried to inspect one of the older necklaces. 
“Ah, yes,” I said, fumbling with words. “It’s a delicate matter, you see.”
“Of course,” said Nadia and turned to Jenn. “Will you tell me, dear? I would like to be in your confidence.”
Jenn turned to me with menacing eyes and I said quickly, “Why don’t you tell us about your organization first? My sister is very reserved, shy really. Understandably so, you see? A very delicate matter!” I laughed the best nervous laugh I could bring up.
“Of course,” said Nadia. 
She stood up and led us to some stairs that descended to a different part of the house. It was several floors below where we had been. The whole house inclined down to the wilderness of the hills instead of up. She opened a door and we were inside what looked like a chapel. It wasn’t a chapel exactly, but it had the trappings of one. There were seats in rows leading up to an altar. Instead of windows there were small statues of many of the female deities I had seen in the paintings above. 
Encased in a shrine at the altar was a life-size, silver statue of that faceless, nude, female deity--with real life trees and plants around her. Her arms were raised upwards, forming a crescent and a crystal moon hung from the ceiling above her. It was so elaborate I was surprised they hadn’t stuffed a few deer and chipmunks and thrown them in there. 
The statue wasn’t the only thing that stood out. I spotted a few ritualistic items, the most disturbing of which were a collection of worn out books with runes drawn on their covers and a golden knife with a pearl handle. The blade was ceremonial and used for a number of blood rituals. None of that had been on the postcard and I wondered if this was what the Sisters of Night were all about.
“What is that in the air?” I said, sampling the spicy aroma.
“Incense,” she said. “Do you like it, dear?” she asked Jenn.
“Making me lightheaded,” said Jenn and fanned herself. This pleased Nadia.
“You were saying?” I said.
She frowned. “As I was saying... The Sisters of Night is a religion and I am a priestess. We are dedicated to the worship of the Mother,” said Nadia and her hand gestured towards the statue of the faceless deity. “She gave us life as our own earth mothers did. However, we do more than that. Here we have faith in the Sacred Feminine. The rituals we practice show our appreciation for feminine beauty and the gifts the Mother bestowed upon us.”
“Like what?” I said. My hand reached for a cigarette, but Jenn stopped me. 
“Like the things that set us apart from men. Among them are the sexuality and fertility of a woman,” said Nadia and her eyes became hungry. “We perform Spring fertility rituals.”
“So you’re saying that once a year you all come together and...” I said.
The last part of that thought lingered in the air. There was the silence that usually accompanies such a revelation. Jenn kept her hands tucked behind her back, innocent as you please, while Nadia played with her hair. Here was the thing that stood out. While Nadia spoke of all that Sacred Feminine stuff, she had done so with a sort of detachment, like a professor lecturing. When the Spring ritual came up, she became animated, the way preachers sometimes do during a sermon. It was odd. 
“Why the moon?” I said, trying to change the subject.
Nadia smiled. “Science will not support this view, but our menstrual cycles are connected to the phases of the moon, Raymond,” she said.
“That is an interesting thing, indeed!” I said.
This pleased her and the smile didn’t leave her face. “Did you know that in Romantic languages, the moon is referred to with a feminine article? In Spanish she is called Luna with the feminine ‘la’ attached to it. And rightly so. La Luna is in synch with one of the biological processes that mark a human for a woman,” said Nadia with an air of humility.   
She brought us closer to the statue and I noticed that it had a necklace around its neck too, a bejeweled thing attached to a golden chain.
“That’s an interesting piece around the statue’s neck,” I said, looking it over with the magnifying glass. There was nothing mystical about it. 
“It is, but it is only a placeholder,” said Nadia and led us away from it. 
“A placeholder for what?” I said and she shied away. “Don’t mind me, I’m a real snoop. Tell her, Jenn.” I patted Jenn’s arm.
“He’s so nosy sometimes,” said Jenn. “One time he looked in my purse without asking my permission...” She hissed that last part out.  
“Oh, Raymond, you are terrible!” said Nadia and laughed a snooty laugh.
“It’s just a curious piece,” I said.
“I don’t mind the question,” she said feigning a smile. “I have my eye on a pendant that would accentuate the Mother’s form. It’s just been very difficult acquiring it. The owners don’t wish to part with it.” She took Jenn’s hands into hers. “Dear, do speak to me. I will not judge. I am not here to judge.”
We sat on one of the benches there and Jenn huffed and then sighed. “I see things,” she said. “Spirits...and visions. I thought maybe you would know about them.”
Nadia studied Jenn and her lips pursed. But the hunger that was there before lingered. 
“I thought it was too much of a coincidence that you two arrived here in a police car after a police man called. For your sake, young lady, I heard you out, but I see my trust has been misplaced,” she said and stood up.
“Ugh, I’m telling the truth,” said Jenn, but Nadia wouldn’t stop. She led us back to the living room upstairs.
“What is this really about?” said Nadia, her face pruned in fury. If I had seen her like this for the first time I would have guessed her age was beyond sixty. She was an ugly thing angry.
“I’m looking into Giovanni and Maria’s murder,” I said, giving up the farce. 
Nadia nodded and chortled bitterly. “I knew it,” she said. “My lawyers will have a field day with your department. I already gave a statement.” 
That was a lie. There was no statement from her in the case file. 
“What was your involvement with Maria and Giovanni?” I said.
“Maria was one of my sisters,” she said. She quickly broke down in tears. Jenn offered her tissue and Nadia took it gracefully. “I’m sorry...I don’t mean to be rude. But to speak of them after the fact seems a great tragedy. Uh, Giovanni was her friend, a lover. Sadly, they became distant when they entered Daniel Painter’s employment, only messaging me at odd intervals.” 
That made her break out in fresh tears. The display of emotion was pretty, but I wasn’t as touched as Jenn. 
“What exactly did Giovanni do in a club for gals?” I said. “I mean beside paint goddesses for you?”
She leered at me as if accusing me of peeping too much. “Men can also join this ‘club’ as you put it.” She crossed her arms but put on a tender smile. “He was a gentleman. He was one of the few men who understood us. He would join us and our sisters during ceremonies, like the aforementioned Spring fertility ritual.” 
“And that was it?” I said.
Nadia nodded. “I have appointments to keep, detective,” she said and let her hands point towards the door. I nodded and took the hint. “Don’t mind me saying this, but I think you would be a welcome asset to our sisterhood,” she said to Jenn.
“I’m a stripper, so maybe not,” said Jenn. “Nice place, by the by.”
“Don’t let that discourage you. The line of work Maria sought made her undesirable to most religions, but I cherish these things,” she said and gave Jenn an uneasy smile. “Sexuality is not something to be ashamed of. Maria was a vivid thing and she never distinguished between work and play. She may have been taught this as a prostitute, but she never did say.”
“No thanks,” said Jenn and blushed. 
“Maria was a prostitute?” I said.
She gave me a look that said I was intruding again. She hesitated before she spoke. “It was ironic. Her family has some money and yet she ran off to parts of the world where money and privilege only exist in television shows,” she said and pruned her lips, like a mother remembering a particularly difficult child.  
Lady Chris! I pulled out the photograph I had swiped from China Skynne and showed it to Nadia. 
“Do you know anyone in this photograph aside from Maria and Giovanni?” I said, but she shrugged it off. I repeated my question and forced the photograph to her line of sight.
“Really, Detective Adams, I have such little time,” she said and took the photo. She looked it over for a moment. She nodded. “Lady Chris. Maria brought that creature here more than once,” said Nadia. She laughed a second while shaking her head. “Maria wanted me to accept him as a sister.” She looked the photograph over again and said, “Victor.”
“You didn’t know Frank Marr, did you?” I said, hoping she would be forthcoming about what she might know.
Without looking up from the photograph, she said, “The name is familiar, but I don’t have a face to go with it.”
I nodded. “Do you think Craig Deluxe killed them? Did you know the man at all?”
She looked up and her years showed a little in the way her forehead wrinkled. “I don’t understand.”
I explained that they had a suspect in custody, the camera man who had filmed them that night. She didn’t react to the news very well. She shook her head repeatedly.
“I don’t understand, detective,” she said. “Victor was the camera man that night. Maria and Giovanni only let Victor film them. They were a team. Daniel Painter had to take Victor when he hired Giovanni and Maria.”
I had guessed that something like this was the truth, but if detectives in this era were anything like they had been when I was alive, they wouldn’t have looked into it once Deluxe confessed. Why bother?
“Find Victor, detective,” said Nadia. Her face had changed. There was genuine concern in her pleading eyes. “Please. He must have some information that can help you...And I worry about him.” Roberta was at the door, holding it open for us. Nadia wandered over to Jenn. “You are always welcome here. The Sisters of Night are your family.”
“Speaking of, where are your sisters?” I said.
She pruned her face and the hunger left it. “Our membership is very low currently,” she said. 
“Too many girls running away?”
She gasped at my impudence. “That’s a cheap way of putting it,” she said. “Little girls join us to experiment or to anger their rich fathers. But their moods pass and they leave.” Her face flushed and I sensed she wanted to damage me in some way that was unnatural. “You have a real boorish way about you, sir, and I had a mind to strike you just now.”
“My apologies,” I said. “I have a bad habit of mouthing off observations.”  
“That’s certain,” she added. We were a few feet away from the police car when Nadia said, “You’ll let me know if you find Victor, won’t you?” 
“Ma’am?” I said.
“Ma’am,” Nadia repeated in a sarcastic whisper. She cleared her throat and added, “Victor was a warm soul. I do worry so about him. He was very genteel.”
She had said that already. If Nadia was really concerned for Victor, telling the police would have been the best way to keep him from mishap. But she hadn’t and they wouldn’t be looking for him any time soon. Why wouldn’t she want them to find Victor?  
“I’ll be in touch,” I said and tipped my hat to the old dame. We entered the police car and I pulled out a cigarette immediately. Jenn slammed the door when she came in.
“You alright back there?” I said to Jenn when I noticed she had her arms crossed. But she didn’t say anything. This bothered some part of me and my brain thought I should apologize. The case came back into my mind soon after.  
“What’s wrong?” said Harry.
“This case isn’t getting any easier, just more tangled,” I said. “Maybe I should just go to Marr’s Place.”
He shrugged. “Your call, Adams. Where to?”
There was no information about Victor or Lady Chris in the case file and since Chucky was dead, I couldn’t chase him down.  
“Maybe Lady Chris has a public record for prostitution,” I said, but didn’t want to follow up on the idea. Visiting the copper station again wasn’t something I wanted to do since Harry and his automobile had been absent. Jenn pressed her face to the clear divider and stared at us.
“Look Lady Chris up on the cop computer you got there,” she said.
“Do what now?” I said.
“The computer,” said Jenn, pointing at a hunk of machinery on the dashboard of the car; it looked like a typewriter without the writing part. “Look her up, dodo.”
“Oh,” said Harry. He typed in a few things into the main machine and the screen came back with green letters. “Yeah he’s got a file.”
I wanted to slap Harry over the head. “A telephone number? An address? Any of that too?” I said. 
He glued his face to his screen and nodded. “Several addresses, several phone numbers, none of them look any good,” he said. 
He went over them one by one. Most of the addresses Lady Chris had given were to homeless shelters in town. I picked one and Harry drove us there on our way back to Hollywood. We arrived in a few minutes. I looked around the barren place, full of desperate faces, bearded faces, faces suffering from malnutrition and drug addiction. They reached for me at times or tried to look away from us as they stood in line for something to eat. A few of the daring begged for some change. I picked one decrepit old woman and tried to talk to her, but I couldn’t. My voice stalled.
“Ray?” said Jenn. She came up to me and so did Harry.
I sat down to watch them and I had another flash of my past. I had been witness to this. I had lived through this type of tragedy. I had lost to this. The ghosts of what had once been strolled alongside the specters of today. Men with slumped shoulders and torn clothes in long, long lines trying to get a bite to eat. I had a flash of a man, my father, looking over papers, paperwork for a business, I think. He had lost too. I had lost something, some part of me that made me human. This time, there was a stinging pain in my soul that I couldn’t shut out. 
“Let’s go!” I said in the middle of the flash. I couldn’t make it stop and it made me delirious. Being there made it go on and on...
“What happened?” said Harry once we were back in the police car.
I shook my head. The pain had slowly stopped, but my face still gushed sweat. “I don’t know, but we need to try something else,” I said.
We studied Lady Chris’ rap sheet again. There was one name that kept popping up, Will Ulrichs. Harry told me he had a record for carrying narcotics, but he had stopped years earlier. Jenn searched the name on her portable device and told us that Ulrichs had gotten a master’s degree in counseling and was now a volunteer counselor at the Los Angeles Gay and Lesbian Center. We called, but he was busy and couldn’t see us today. As soon as we mentioned Lady Chris, he had all the time in the world for us. And that’s where we went.  





Chapter 12:
2:00 PM




We took Santa Monica Boulevard east until we bumped into West Hollywood. The place was near the intersection of Hollywood Boulevard and Schrader Boulevard. The building had a modern look to it complete with all glass windows and not a single brick in sight. Hanging from a few decorative columns were banners with bright colors, red, orange, yellow, purple, green, blue, and red again. It had an obnoxious flair, like it was trying to defy the conservative buildings next to it. There was a hostel across the street where young birds walked in wearing too-tight jeans that hurt me to look at. Some went in together in pairs. 
Harry cursed at the parking meters. The cheap bastard left the police car there without putting in a single coin. 
“We don’t want to attract attention, Harry,” I said. 
“Ah, come on,” said Harry. 
Jenn walked back and put in a few coins. “You’re supposed to be the law,” she said. 
The walk through the center was less eventful than I would have thought. Harry was all the folks had eyes for. In one room full of those computer things, young men and women came out just to see us walk by. Will Ulrichs was out of his office too. Ulrichs, a balding man, was conservative in a dress shirt and tie and slacks.
Next to him was a Caucasian person with long, blonde hair, breasts, and a yellow sundress; the face said male, but his body moved like a woman. This was such an unusual thing that I lost the urge to smoke. Ulrichs thanked the man with the breasts for coming and then made plans for another appointment next week. He urged us into his office and closed the door.
He shared the office with someone else. On his desk was a set of photographs, one of which had him next to Lady Chris; he wore slacks and a button shirt while Chris was in heels, a tight, tight shirt, and a skirt so short you could see his panties underneath. Ulrichs asked us to sit and we did.
“Is Chris okay?” was the first thing he said. 
“I hope so,” I said. “We need to talk to him. Any chance you can help us with a location?”
“What is this about?”
“We’re looking into the murder of Giovanni Dixon and Maria Esperanza. I think Lady Chris has information we could use,” I said.
“I figured as much. The reporters were up my ass in the days after that mess. I don’t know if I can help,” he said. 
“Why were reporters here?” I said. 
He wiped sweat from his forehead with a white, white handkerchief. “They found out Maria was friends with Chris and when they figured out he pretends to be a cross dresser, they went with it,” he said and let out a chuckle that had no humor in it. “The media just loved that angle.” He chuckled again.
“They compared him to Buffalo Bill,” said Jenn. Harry laughed and Ulrichs didn’t. I was confused about the reference so I didn’t add commentary.
“Why do you say Chris is only pretending to be a cross dresser?” I said. I pointed at the photograph on his desk. “He looks very cross dressed there.”
Ulrichs leered at me. “Appearances are just appearances. True cross dressers are more complicated than that. I spoke to a man who said wearing pantyhose under his jeans helped him get through his awkward teenage years. The man is a father of three now and loves his wife, but he still wears certain articles, like I do. I still put on panties to work,” he said. “Others take it further. I like to think these men are attracted to femininity and wish to emulate it. For some of us there’s something sacred about being a woman that we don’t find in our male bodies and if we can grasp that for a little bit, we’re better for it.” 
He let his voice trail off with that last thought and then said, “We don’t endorse prostitution and violence. We’re a peace-loving community. But Chris is different, more confused than anything else. He’s the mirror image of his father. I think he wears women’s clothing to hide that.” His eyes watered with tears. “He told me one time that when he put on makeup, it made him feel like his mother.”
“What about the prostitution?” I said. 
He nodded. “He came here to escape his father’s abuse, but he wasn’t right for the silver screen. Men were more than willing to give him cash for sexual acts. Chris had never had sex with a man before he came to California. He is not a homosexual like the majority of homosexuals who are born. I think being a prostitute changed him, and he interpreted this change as homosexuality. Who knows how many of those male prostitutes down Santa Monica Boulevard are like him. No one bothers to look at them any closer than they have to.”
“Situational sexual behavior,” said Jenn. “It happens in prisons where some inmates are forced to perform sexually with other men in order to survive.”
Ulrichs considered this and nodded. I turned to Jenn and looked at her as if someone else had spoken. She caught me staring and grinned. She knew that I knew she had shown me some of who she really was. I tucked that away for later use. This wasn’t the time or place for it.
“So what you’re saying is this Chris is a bigger oddball than I first thought,” I said. “Maybe not even human.”
Ulrichs about threw a paperweight on a table at me. Good. That’s what I wanted. The professor act was great, but I needed the man who had spent time with Lady Chris in the street.
“Once I got my shit together, I asked Chris many times to come join me, to get off the streets. I could take care of him, love him. And even though he never takes me up on my offer, I still know he’s there somewhere. He’s as much a human being as you are, sir,” said Ulrichs and got up. He wanted us to leave, but I wasn’t going to.
“Tell us where to find him,” I said. 
“And why should I? You’re just like those reporters,” he said. “You’re chasing after a movie monster and he’ll do.”
I laughed at that. He didn’t know how close he was to the truth.
“We need to clear him,” said Harry. “He’s not in any trouble.”
This time it was his turn to laugh. Ulrichs said, “You have a suspect in custody already.”
“Alright, you caught us,” I said. “Giovanni’s family sent me here to find out the truth. They don’t believe for a second that Craig Deluxe killed him and Maria Esperanza. I think Lady Chris can fill in a few blanks in the story I have so far.”
He considered this and sat back down. “Okay,” he said. 
“What do you know about Giovanni?” I said.
“He was the most interesting bisexual man I have ever met,” he said. 
That didn’t sound right. “Bisexual? How do you know that for sure?”
“We had...encounters,” he said. His face flushed and I knew why. I want to say that it didn’t surprise me that the lordling was trying out all the possibilities while on Earth, but it did catch me off guard. 
“Anything else?” I said, trying to bury the image my mind had created just then.
Ulrichs smiled and went on, “I told you Chris tries to hide that he’s so much like his father. He had that in common with Giovanni Dixon. But Giovanni hid it in other ways.”
I had guessed that Giovanni had hated his constrictive father. “What about Maria?”
“Chris’ friend,” he said. “She came here several times to speak with me. This is where Chris met her, actually.”
“Why was Maria speaking with you?” I said. 
He shifted in his seat. “I can’t disclose that information. Privacy issues, detective,” he said. I tried again and then Jenn tried and then Harry tried to force it out of him, but the bastard said that it wasn’t going to happen without some kind of court order.
“I’m sorry,” he said after all that.
“Where is Chris?” I said frustrated. “You got his telephone number or address?”
He shook his head. “Chris is at the same place he’s been this whole time. The only difference is he has moved up from being the employee to the employer,” he said. 
“A tranny pimp?” said Jenn. 
“Don’t use that term, please,” said Ulrichs. “He is slowly shifting to more dangerous things. The last time he was here he offered joints to me and some of the people in the computer room.” 
“Thanks,” I said. I had heard enough. 
We got up and he followed us all the way out of the building. “Hey,” he said, his face unsure. “If you find him, tell him I didn’t mean what I said last time. I do want to see him again. We had a fight and...you say things in anger you don’t mean. It’s been a year so it’s time I forgive and forget.”
I nodded and he went back inside. He was living in a fantasy world where men like Lady Chris could come back from the gutter. He had done it early enough, but Chris was too far gone. In the police car, I considered things.  
“You know what we need?” said Jenn. 
“Luck?” I said.
“Slushies!” she said.
“Damn right,” said Harry and drove off. He pulled into the nearest gas station. 
“You better stay with the car,” I said. I gave him a look and he understood. He waved me off and I waited for Jenn to come around the car. “Listen, kid,” I said.
“You talk like a black and white movie,” she said. 
“Listen,” I said. She crossed her arms. “I’m sorry about earlier with Nadia Faber. It must be hard to talk about the things you can do, especially to strangers.”
“I’m used to jerks,” she said. “But I didn’t like being used. I’m not just some item to help your investigation.”
“I didn’t mean it to come off like that,” I said. “I’m not adjusting fast enough and I’m missing some things. I’m sorry.”
She leered at me again. “I know you didn’t. That’s why I haven’t ditched you,” she said.
Fair enough. We went inside where a dark skinned man of an ethnic origin unknown to me served us. The drinks Jenn bought were ice cold and flavored like fruits, but the taste was synthetic. I wanted to comment that nothing in this era was authentic, only pretending to be something it was not, but it would lead to questions I didn’t want to answer.
In the car, she and Harry slurped the things down with child-like delight while I thought about the case, Lady Chris in particular.  
“Ulrichs said he hadn’t seen Lady Chris for a year. Giovanni met Maria a year ago, according to Painter.”
“You think there’s a connection?” said Harry. 
“Naturally, my dear Harry,” I said, doing my best Sherlock Holmes voice. “Nadia told us that Maria used to prostitute and Ulrichs just confirmed that Chris manages girls now. I don’t think a lordling would go around a street corner to pick up a working girl. What if Lady Chris facilitated that meeting between Giovanni and Maria?”
“That would mean Giovanni knew about Lady Chris being a pimp,” said Jenn. She was sharp and educated. I really wanted to confront her with this. 
“Yes. And if Ulrichs is right, Chris graduated to drug pushing. Maria might have helped with money and clients, but she wouldn’t have been a part of it. A rich girl who turns to prostitution for fun wouldn’t be too interested in running that type of operation...” I said and a thought occurred to me. “Chucky Lee was murdered during a drug deal. Maybe Painter graduated to drug pushing too.” 
“It’s not uncommon for lordlings to put together things like that,” said Harry. “Their fathers encourage it.”
I pulled out China’s photograph. “Maybe Giovanni working for Painter was just a cover. The lordling may have connected Painter’s pornographic operation with Lady Chris’ prostitution ring and Frank Marr’s drug trafficking. It might have led to a power struggle.”
What if Lady Chris, Painter, and Frank Marr had double crossed Giovanni in an attempt to gain control of the entire operation? Giovanni might have been genteel with the dames but maybe not so much with the men. It would also explain why Painter was reluctant to speak about auditioning Maria. If Giovanni had been a hard ass, then maybe he put his foot down when Painter tried to audition her and maybe he had done it to make a point about who the big dog was in their pack. To men of power, this would have been a gigantic slight and naturally, a lie had to be created and spread around. 
It was a beautiful theory. Frank Marr. Daniel Painter. Lady Chris. I didn’t want to visit Marr’s place just yet, not before speaking to Lady Chris and getting his take on Craig Deluxe. But where was he? If only we could find one of Chris’ working girls. Call me old fashioned, but the last thing I wanted to do was go fishing for a prostitute in a police car. But it was the only option left. 
“Uh,” said Harry, lifting his eyes up from his drink. “Uh,” he said again and pointed outside.
I looked up and in front of the vehicle were three men in gray suits. They had the appearance of humans, but their skin glowed a little, like Michael’s had. And like Michael they wore the badge of the Enforcers on their clothes. Their grim expressions told me they weren’t there to cheer me on. Not exactly what I wanted to see. I stepped out of the car and they were around me.
“The Committee wishes for you to come with us,” said one of them. Unlike Michael, these Enforcers spoke with their minds. Their mouths remained shut.
“How did the Committee know where I was?” I said, remembering what Harry had said.
“It was not easy. They had to appeal to the Executor,” they said. “You must come along.”
“Why?” I said. “You’re not supposed to help or hinder me.”
“We are here to do neither.” That time it was a combination of all their voices. “Another Pit lordling was murdered. This second soul did not leave the Realm of the Living either and it has not contacted its parent in the Pit. The Committee wants you to investigate it too.” 
“Tell me all the details,” I said. And slowly all the information I had begun to take new shape in light of this turn of events.
“The crime took place in another city not far from here called Santa Monica. This time there were more victims, but also two survivors. One of them knows you. She asked to speak to you as soon as possible,” they said.
“China Skynne,” I said. And that meant that another lordling associated with Painter had just been murdered and his soul was missing.





Chapter 13:
3:00 PM




The Enforcers had branded the new location into my and Harry’s minds. We raced there, sometimes going so fast the speedometer on the police car went to the very edge of it. Of course the sirens were on. I appreciated that thing more and more as time passed. It was during this wild drive that I caught a glimpse of my face in the mirror. I could almost pass for a healthy, living, breathing adult. My lips were not so pasty and chapped now and my skin color had improved. 
“Your voice sounds different too,” said Jenn when we arrived. She was something of a snoop too and must have caught me looking in the mirror. 
I smiled, not daring to go further into it. We were in a more isolated part of Santa Monica with buildings full of condominiums, not like Painter’s building; this was nowhere near the beach or the pier. We entered the place and in the lobby were groups of men and women chattering. They all turned to us when we came in, neighbors most likely. I was sure one or more of them had called the coppers.
“Come,” said the Enforcers and they led the way up a flight of stairs and to the door of one of the condominiums at the very top. Mercutio, the victim, they told me, had bought the penthouse suite with all the money his dad had given him. “Mercutio’s father found the bodies. He notified the Committee immediately.” 
“Can you keep the human authorities away for a while?” I said when we reached Mercutio’s door.
“We cannot deter them indefinitely,” they all said at once. “The survivors are in there, though the woman refuses to acknowledge the other.” They pointed at the closed door. 
I nodded and walked inside. Jenn followed behind and I put my hand out to stop her. She didn’t like this and pushed her way in, got a glimpse, and ran back out. I last heard her retching out her lunch. Harry and the Enforcers came in instead and closed the door. 
I could have used a little vomiting myself when I saw what was behind that door. The expansive living room had bodies everywhere and in pieces. It was like a mannequin workshop, except these were humans and none of them would make a living being when put back together. And there was so much blood we had to watch where we stepped.
In the middle of the mess was Craig Deluxe, a machete in one hand, a Samurai sword in the other. He didn’t mind the blood so much and amused himself by poking at the lifeless body of the bird I guessed was the lordling. I pulled out the magnifying glass and confirmed this and then looked over Deluxe. He was still human and still insane. 
“Craig,” I said as I pulled out my revolver. “Craig...”
He turned to me, looked me in the eyes and didn’t flinch. There was less madness and more understanding, calmness. He smiled and said, “Hello, Detective Adams.”
“What’s he doing here?” I said to no one in particular.
“He escaped three hours ago from the place where they held him,” said the Enforcers.
I turned to Harry with such ferocity that he flinched. “Why didn’t we hear about it?” I said and realized we hadn’t heard a peep from the dispatchers all day. “When did you turn off the radio?”
“Sorry, pal,” said Harry, scratching his head. “It was bothersome so I clicked it off.” 
I wanted to say something but I swallowed it, along with my rage. This wasn’t the place to deal with that. I also couldn’t blame the Shadow Monger. He was in the body of a copper, but wasn’t one. Harry lacked the instincts and good sense. 
Craig laughed and looked up at me. 
“It was an honor meeting you,” he said between bursts of laughter. “He told me everything.” And then he began to shed tears. 
“What are you talking about, you loon?” I shot back.
“You’re a herald of the world of tomorrow!” he said and laughed and shed tears in a ball of madness. “He said so. It’s going to start tonight!” He eyed the Enforcers. “And even they won’t be able to stop it!” He reached up at me, but I slapped his hand away. “I got to meet you! I’ll let everyone in Heaven know it!”
“Who let you out?” I said. He laughed and laughed so I smacked him with my gun. “Who let you out?” I hissed. He spat blood and laughed some more and began to cut lines across his forearms with the machete. 
Disgusted, I put up the gun and walked away from Deluxe. I wanted to study the crime scene. Bullet holes were a fresh addition to the décor of the walls. I counted four. Where was the gunman? The other bodies I recognized in a fashion. They were members of the camera crew who had accompanied China in Malibu. I looked at each to see if they had the gun. The victim with the piece was clear across the room. Poor bastard. At least his body was in better shape than the others. I picked up the gun and pulled out the clip; it was empty. That meant at least four other bullets were missing, possibly in the killer. I pictured what took place. 
We had helped China and the camera crew breeze through the busy highway and so they had gotten here early. They came up and found the murderer inside. From the bruising on Mercutio’s fists, I concluded that there must have been a fierce struggle, possibly because the killer had not caught this victim with his pants down, literally. I imagined that the crew tried to help out Mercutio or something of the sort. The cat with the gun had been the last to die. He had first shot from across the room before the killer focused on him. In those last moments, he had emptied his magazine into the killer. It was too silly to think that a gun would have more effect than a lordling’s might. But the combination of the beating the killer got from Mercutio and the bullets must have driven him off. 
I looked over the lordling again with the magnifying glass. There were no traces of his soul, but I spotted that mysterious energy again. The taste of the forbidden licked my tongue and I was tempted to spit. I followed this new trail out of the balcony doors that were broken down and onto the rail where it disappeared. The drop was several stories to the street below; the roof wasn’t that far away. I guessed the killer had used the rooftop like before to make his escape.
Something didn’t add up. Why hadn’t Mercutio called his father’s true name when the fight turned sour? And why hadn’t this lordling used more than his strength? I mean, Harry sometimes harped about lordlings shooting flames from their hands and rays from their eyes and flying and some could lift things with their thoughts. A few could even perform miracles. But there weren’t any signs of miracles here. Was Mercutio inept? 
“Adams,” said Harry. “China’s in the bathroom.”
I left them and went to the bathroom. China sat between the toilet bowl and the five-man bathtub. The jeans and top she wore were a parody of the room outside, tainted in red. Poor China had seen happier days. She shivered and I didn’t think it was because she was cold. Her eyes were wild, darting from the floor up to me and back to the floor. 
“Is it gone?” she spat out.
“Tell me what happened,” I said gently.    
She stared at me for a few moments longer, maybe unsure if I was really there. “We-we came in and Merc was in trouble...then it turned on us...the guys got in its way and I ran in here,” she said and sobbed. “Is that thing gone?”
I remembered how her crew had come to her aid in Malibu and I was touched. Here I had thought that they were less than human, but when it mattered, they showed their true stuff. I began to hope that maybe what makes us human couldn’t be leeched away, only put to sleep until it’s needed.
“What did you see?” I said.
She started to shake and buried her head in her knees. “Gui,” she said. “A demon. Like the kind my grandma used to tell me about when I was little.” She let out this desperate laughter. “Listen to me...shit.” She looked up at me and said, “It was a monster. I think it was a werewolf,” and then hid her head in her arms and chest.
That was wonderful. She just didn’t understand, like the Committee had said, and made sense of it through myth. But this was something I could lean on a little. 
“I can’t stop it unless you talk to me,” I said. She was in shock and less likely to lie. I hated prying when she was like this. “You understand?”
She looked up, her neck barely able to hold up her head, and she nodded. 
“Deluxe wasn’t the camera man that night. It was Victor, wasn’t it?”
She nodded.
“Why did you finger Deluxe?”
She gave me this sorry look that begged me to back off. The fire that had been there a couple of hours earlier had disappeared, replaced by the horror of what she had witnessed.
“Work does get out of hand sometimes,” she said and sobbed.
I nodded and pictured the scenario. “You don’t mess with boys. I saw that in Malibu. You always stayed away from the fellah but didn’t shy away from the women,” I said. 
She managed a shaky half smile. “You see too much. But yeah, I’m a lesbian and Deluxe knew that. He knew!” she said with pained fury in her sad eyes and quickly put a hand over her mouth. “Danny had me working one of those mass orgies with a dozen other actors. I didn’t know that son of a bitch would be there or I would have said no. I bent over to start on one of the girls and he was on my back humping me like a dog.” She wiped herself off with one of the towels there but she wasn’t wiping away blood, just cleaning her already clean hands. “No one helped ‘cause they thought it was part of the act. The police laughed when I told them I had been raped during an orgy scene. I complained to Danny but Craig said he hadn’t known...”
I took her hands into mine. It didn’t feel like I could provide her any comfort, but she was warm and they comforted me. Her hands gripped mine tighter. Slowly, she stopped shaking. 
“I don’t blame you for what you did. No one would,” I said. “Tell me where to find Victor and Lady Chris. I need to get to them before that thing does.” It was a lie, but one she was inclined to buy into. 
“I don’t know!” she said and began to tremble. She went into thought and then looked up at me. “Lady Chris might still be working Santa Monica Boulevard in WeHo.” 
Ulrichs had told me that already. 
“And Victor?” I said.
“Find her and you’ll find Victor...” 
“How’s that?”
She rolled her eyes like the answer was obvious. “They’re on and off. A couple. But Victor backed off after Gio and Maria were murdered,” she said.   
“The police will be here soon,” I said disappointed and walked away.
“Don’t leave me alone with him!” she said.
I wasn’t going to. I looked down at Craig Deluxe. The loon had gotten bored of slicing his arms and now drew crude things in blood. I turned to Harry and the Enforcers. 
“We need to take him. He’s seen something,” I said. 
Harry ran to Deluxe and tried to lift him up but the crazy bastard slashed at him with the Samurai sword. 
“Shit!” said Harry and nursed his hand.
I hadn’t thought Deluxe would come along like a puppy. And I wasn’t going to fight him or get all bloody by handling him. So I turned to my Enforcer friends to do some of the dirty work for me.
“Can’t you teleport him to another place?” I told the Enforcers.
“We would need clearance from the Committee to teleport him to a safe location,” said the Enforcers.
Great. More red tape. “I need you make a field decision.”
The Enforcers shook their heads together. “We understand your frustration, Adams, but things are not as simple as that. Teleporting a human involves teleporting their soul too. Only the Committee can manipulate flesh and soul simultaneously and this only with the help of the Executor.”
“But you guys do it all the time!” I said, sensing a lie.
Harry stepped in and put his hand on my shoulder. “They’re celestial beings,” said Harry. “Their funky names do more than just give them identity. They encompass the fabric of their flesh and souls, everything they are. This allows them a different kind of existence, which is why their names make them appear out of thin air when you speak them.”
“So celestials couldn’t have brought Craig Deluxe here on their own?” I said.
The Enforcers leered at me and their postures became defensive. “We do not like your line of thinking, Adams,” the Enforcers said at once. A few showed signs of anger. “To answer your question: Assuming a celestial had a part in his escape, no. It would be impossible to teleport the human here without the help of the Executor.” 
That was a curious thing. I looked down at Deluxe. The guy wasn’t capable of finding this place on his own, much less escape from a well guarded jail. A celestial had helped him escape, of that there was no doubt. But a celestial wouldn’t have bothered with a car to bring him here. And if a celestial hadn’t transported him, then a human had.  
“Go ask the Committee then,” I said and they disappeared.
“Come look at this,” said Harry. He was by a window looking down. “We got some serious problems.”
I walked to him and saw a dozen more police cars downstairs and the coppers in them running into the building. We had maybe two minutes to leave. Otherwise, Harry would need a hell of an explanation and we might end up downtown. Craig Deluxe didn’t even bother to look at us as we left him.
Jenn was still outside in the hallway sitting next to a mess that had once been inside her. “We need to hide!” I said. 
The elevators were coming and I could hear men running up the stairs, probably securing them and closing them off. A maintenance closet was our only hope and we ran into it. I heard the police burst out of the elevator and the stairs. They knocked first before they broke down the door to Mercutio’s condominium. They shouted instructions at Deluxe and then I heard what could only be described as a war cry. Someone shouted “Stop.” A dozen shots went off and Deluxe screamed and then there was silence. 
Jenn cringed next to me. There was a frenzy of shouts from the police, but I didn’t hear anything else from Deluxe. And then I heard China screaming for help and the police cried out more commands.  
In the confusion that usually follows such an event, we walked back down to our car and drove off, but not far. I needed a mirror quickly. 
A simple coffee house nearby was good enough. We caused a commotion by bursting in and taking the bathroom. Harry guarded the door as I opened the channel to the Committee. And they sat there and watched me, the tension was ever present and I sensed it was not because of the strain of their job. 
“Adams,” said the Angelus girl. I won’t say she sounded happy to see me, but there was relief in her voice. “Did you investigate the new murder? We were unable to grant your request for a teleportation in time.”
“It doesn’t matter,” I said. “This second crime scene was like the other one. There were no traces of Mercutio’s soul. But it was the same assailant. I found traces of his energy again.”
“I see,” said the Enforcer Prime. There was a burst of discussion. 
“We must abandon this farce and allow the Enforcers to conclude this task,” said the Enigma, showing as always their love for me.
The Enforcer Prime said to the Enigma, “It pleases me that your confidence in us has returned. I disagree, however.” 
“As do we,” said one of the Pit Lords and leered at the Enforcers.
The Enforcer Prime turned a stern eye at me, which softened. “Detective Adams. How confident are you about the progress of your investigation?”
“Just give me a chance,” I said. I detested the looks they gave me.
One of the Enforcers turned to the Enforcer Prime and said, “Master, I agree with the Enigma. This farce has only brought shame upon us. The Enforcers must take up the call!” 
“Oh, how convenient that would be for you!” said one of the Pit Lords and the others hissed similar things.
“What exactly do you mean? Are you accusing us of something here?” said the Enforcer Prime. There was no kindness in his face when he said this. “If you are, I will not suffer it!”
“Please!” said the Angelus girl and then turned to me. “Give us more details about your work.”
“I have two good leads I can follow and in a few hours I can show some definitive results,” I said. This pleased the Angelus and the Pit Lords. I didn’t like the way the Enigma eyed me. “Giovanni and Mercutio were involved with a human named Daniel Painter. This human facilitated certain appetites of theirs and they helped him by being actors in his pornographic films. They also provided this human with a link to a banished Pit Dog named Frank Marr. My guess is that Painter and Marr double crossed the lordlings and kept their souls as trophies. I’ll investigate this further and contact you immediately when I find their souls.” They nodded and before they could scrutinize me I closed the channel.
It was as good a lie as any to tell them. The truth was that I wasn’t sure at all. The second murder muddled my theory about a power struggle between Giovanni and the others, unless Mercutio had been a part of it. What really nagged me was that Deluxe had said something was going to happen tonight. And what he said about me being a herald...
I had to speak to Victor. If Nadia was right, Victor was a confidante to Giovanni. He might have told him things about the mystical. That was all I had really. I walked out to Harry and Jenn and then to the parking lot.
As expected, Lucifer waited by the police car. This time he wore a completely white suit and shoes. The only flair came from the peach polka dot necktie he wore, the pencil thin mustache over his lip, and the eyeliner surrounding those nonexistent eyes of his. His face told me he was less than happy. Harry grabbed Jenn and the two left me alone with the Pit Lord. 
“You’re wrong, Adams,” he said. 
It was another lecture, then. I pulled out a cigarette and lit it. Smoke left my nostrils and swarmed around him, but with a wave of his hand, it floated off; I noticed his fingernails were completely black.
“Why do you say that?” I said.
He came closer to me, closer than I wanted. “Let me tell you something that is a secret, the reason behind your work here.” His breath smelled of mint. He looked around the parking lot and then spoke again. “The Enforcers are not a happy bunch. They can’t stand that our children commit what they see as crimes. You understand our lot must be cruel to those who enter the Pit and that cruelty isn’t as inborn as some of us would like. The things the Pit lordlings must do while here are...necessary. I mean, would you prefer a kind Pit Lord or one who can create unspeakable tortures for the souls who end up in the Pit? You do believe that those who end up in the Pit deserve it?”
I nodded while thinking of Craig Deluxe laughing like a lunatic as he raped China. 
“Then we are of one mind,” he said, a smile on his face. There was definite tension on that wrinkle free face of his. It made the smile look forced. Forced? “There is a rogue element in the ranks of the Enforcers who don’t agree. They won’t admit to it, but we Pit Lords know. These rogue Enforcers have taken things further and become vigilantes. They’re making a point. They’re probably laughing somewhere with our children’s souls captive. This is why the Pit Lords in the Committee stopped the Enforcers from investigating Giovanni’s death. We don’t trust them. This is why we put this whole thing together.” 
“Why would they go to all that trouble?” 
“To start a revolution. They want the Process to judge the souls of lordlings before they go to their respective realms,” he said while shaking his head. He wiped his suit as if I had dirtied it and started to walk away. “Speak to the ghost of Maria and maybe the ghosts of the other human victims. They’ll tell you that they saw an Angel come down from heaven and kill them. I’m sure of it.”
That’s not what China had seen. It was pointless to argue with him so I nodded and he disappeared. At least I knew what the Pit Lord had been holding back before, a hatred for the Enforcers that according to him, other Pit Lords shared. 
Harry and Jenn were there and they looked at me as I pondered things. 
“Are we talking to ghosts?” said Harry.
I shook my head. On the other end of the street, the paramedics had begun to wheel down the bodies of China’s crew. The poor bastards. What if Michael was right and instead of looking for Marr and the culprit, I was wasting my time? That bothered me and it made me change my mind about what to do.
“Let’s go knock on Frank Marr’s door,” I said. If Frank Marr was up to something big, there would be evidence of it in his bar. 





Chapter 14:
4:00 PM




Marr’s Place was nestled in a lonesome corner of downtown Los Angeles where cars were as rare as people. It had the appearance of a slum from those old pictures of the turn of the century...the turn of the 19th century. It was just as menacing and ancient; metal things had thick coats of orange rust and anything wooden was rotted. If I had to picture the perfect dwelling of a Pit Dog, it would be this. 
The building was four stories high and I doubted the bar used up all four. In front of it were five motorcycles slanted in place. I had expected a dozen at least. Not that it made the place seem any safer. The headlights of the motorcycles looked at me as if warning me to stay away. That wasn’t just a feeling in my gut. There was some force here that pinched me in the most subtle way.
“We’re going in there?” said Jenn. “Dude...”
My sentiments exactly. I pulled out the magnifying glass and saw the runes drawn on the bricks. Harry said they were meant to ward off, but he couldn’t say what. Because of these protective runes, the magnifying glass couldn’t tell me if there was something inside that ought not to be there. I hassled Harry and he went into more detail. Everyone had to be invited inside by the owner. If not, there were consequences. Humans would feel a drawn-out headache and anxiety, which I imagine would make them leave quickly. Celestials and other beings not from this realm wouldn’t be able to come inside at all without an invitation.  
“Why put that thing here, in the middle of downtown Los Angeles?” I said.
“They don’t like to do that, usually. They like to keep things segregated as much as possible, but there are slips. We always have a good laugh in the Abstract Realm about the explanations humans create for these slips. My favorite is the one about Santa Claus,” said Harry and laughed. He pronounced “Claus” like Klaus. He slapped his knee. “I know one of the Enigma likes to come down from time to time to leave giant footprints in forests ‘cause he gets a kick out of reading those sasquatch theories in the newspapers.” 
He started laughing some more. “That guy! This one time, Adams, he put on this sasquatch suit and walked up to a couple of guys riding horses by a creek to try and scare them. But they surprised him by pulling out a camera! He chafed his arse trying to walk away!” He banged on the steering wheel and turned beet red with laughter. “They still show that video in the Pit, I think.”
“Harry...” I said and shook my head. “Is this one of those slips?”
“Sorry but it’s hilarious,” said Harry calming down. He considered the building. “That’s not a slip though. If they banished a Pit Dog to this place it’s for a reason.”
“I don’t like why that might be,” I said. 
“I don’t either. I won’t be able to come in,” said Harry quickly. 
“I wonder if I can go in at all,” I said.
“I’ll get him to invite you both in,” said Jenn with a sweet grin. 
There was never a moment when her radar wasn’t at work. She was a snoop and I’m being real honest when I say that I understood why many people don’t like a snoop. You had to watch everything you said. 
“Come on, Harry. I’m not going in that place alone,” I said.
Sweat had formed on Harry’s forehead. “I can’t come in,” pleaded Harry and eyed me with big puppy dog eyes. “There’s mystical energies in the bricks of that building, more than the runes. They’re meant to do more than ward off. They’re creating a barrier of some sort.” He turned to me with genuine fear in his eyes. “It’s like a prison in there.”
“Great,” I said. “You two wait for me here, then.”
Jenn pounded the divider. “I got your back!” she said.
I let her out. It might be handy to have her there. I hoped the trick that had worked at Painter’s place would work with Frank Marr. Yet, it might not. He was a Pit Dog after all, cruel, whose only purpose was to inflict pain on others. Painter sought the direct opposite and tried to provide pleasure to his clients.
I hesitated in front of Marr’s door but willed myself to knock on it once. My hand went numb. The feeling disturbed me and I asked Jenn to knock for me. She pounded on the door and it creaked open. A man who had to be over six feet tall poked his head out; he was in mostly black leather things. He eyed us both from behind sunglasses, his thick golden beard and shaggy hair concealing most of his face. 
He scowled and said, “Come back during business hours.”
“We wanted to talk to Frank Marr,” I said.
He gritted his teeth and craned his neck back inside. “Someone’s here for you,” he said. 
“Who?” came this hollow voice from inside. 
“A friend of Giovanni and Maria,” I said.
A booming laughter came from inside. The shaggy fellow moved aside and the door spread open all the way. There were five other men inside. Four of them wore things similar to the bird by the door, heavy set, some with shaved heads, most in sunglasses, and a few wearing chains as accessories. The fifth man was different. But from where I stood I couldn’t tell you how he was different. There were enchantments clouding him. 
“Come inside, friend,” said the man with the hollow voice. “And bring your woman with you.” This was Frank Marr.
“I’m not his woman, buddy,” said Jenn. The bikers laughed. “I’m nobody’s property!”
A part of me, the sensible part, screamed not to walk through that threshold, to stay outside in the light. But there was too much at risk for me to chicken out. I led Jenn inside.
The air became thicker and it was difficult to breathe. It was dark too, not because he had the lights off--the lights were on. Night. It was nighttime inside. I looked back and the sun was no more. The Pit Dog hadn’t just been banished. The Committee had built a prison of perpetual night to keep Marr inside.
“Sit, friends,” said Marr. 
Once through the threshold the enchantments that clouded him disappeared. His bulbous form was behind the bar mixing drinks. Those fingers of his were like giant spiders, more dexterous than I would have thought. His arms were as thick as Jenn’s legs and he had to be about six and a half feet tall, maybe more. On his face was a thick handlebar mustache and his eyes were tiny beads of celestial flames or what some call Hellfire.  Marr was a strange creature that made you tense all over. I didn’t like him right away.
His gigantic hands brought us Martinis. The other bikers hovered behind me and Jenn as we sat down on a table Marr had selected. I pulled out the magnifying glass and looked the place over. But something wasn’t right. Everything looked exactly the same. 
Marr boomed with laughter. “That won’t work here.”
He knew, maybe about the investigation and everything else. It was better that I found out sooner than later.
“This is good,” said Jenn and sipped the Martini.
“Thank you, miss,” said Marr. His voice was thick with glee, like he had just won the jackpot at a casino. “My clients don’t often compliment the work.” He looked over the five men behind us. “And it is tricky work, I assure you.” There was a sardonic sophistication to the way he spoke that made him seem out of place. But he was common with common tastes; he had a liter of beer in front of him. Where Lucifer had a sort of grandeur to him, Marr lacked it. Both were creatures of the Pit, but only one was a Lord. 
I took a gulp of the Martini and put it down. It really was tasty. “So what got you banished and imprisoned?” I said. It seemed like the reasonable place to start.
“Cruelty,” he said and chugged some beer. He slammed the glass down and drool and beer left the sides of his mouth in streams.
“How cruel do you have to be to get kicked out of the Pit?” I said and laughed. The taste of alcohol lingered in my mouth.
Marr laughed too and the table vibrated. “The Pit Lords thought I should follow their rules, stick to their hierarchy,” he said and had one of his bikers bring him another liter of beer. “They have us Pit Dogs torture the strongest souls in the Pit so that those souls can torture the weaker ones and they in turn can torture the souls weaker than them, etc. But I always preyed on the weak. It’s a delight of mine. What fun is it to torture someone like myself?”
“None, I imagine,” I said. “But that doesn’t seem reason enough for all this.” I motioned with my hands at the elaborate prison around us.
His face created a devilish smile and those fiery eyes burned like the sun. It was a disguise meant to cover up the bitterness in his voice and the anger. 
“A young Lord tried to discipline me, a newly Ascended dummy who wanted to assert his power. It was his mistake. He didn’t know what we are capable of. You strike an angry dog, sir, and it will bite you even if you are its master. And I did. And the other Pit Lords arranged for the Committee to take action,” said Marr. The glee returned to his face. 
“Why are you so happy about it?” I said.
“So many questions...You are not here to discuss me, are you, sir?” he said.
“Doesn’t hurt, Frank,” I said. “Here’s another one for you, why not just throw you in the Pit if you were a bad dog?”
He laughed and this time slapped his knee. “You really are amusing! I will indulge you, sir. Do you know what dogs do best? Form packs,” he said with pride. “I am something of an alpha Pit Dog and if they had kept me there, I would have been trouble for them. It’s an honor that they had to throw me out.” 
“Fair enough. Tell me about Giovanni,” I said. “What drew him here?”
“He saw the injustice of what I have to endure and took pity on me,” said Marr. “He was a good man. And destined to become a great Pit Lord.”
“Feed me a better one, Frank,” I said. “Better yet, just tell me the truth.” 
“He was one of ‘em metrosexuals!” said one of the bikers and chuckled. “Tell him how his Pappy dragged him here to help him grow some balls.”
“You shut your goddamned mouth, Moose!” said Marr and pounded the table with such force that it cracked it. Marr launched the empty glass of beer at Moose which shattered when it collided with his skull. Moose collapsed and no one went to see if he was still alive. 
I have to be honest, the display of anger terrified me. He had some kind of unnatural hold on the bikers. It must have been the alpha in the Pit Dog.
“What’s a metrosexual?” I said when I got my voice back.
“A man with feminine traits, dresses fashionable,” said Jenn. “They’re sometimes confused with homosexuals, but they’re not.”
Marr put on a smirk as if the whole thing was part of the plan. 
“See, you weren’t telling me the truth,” I said.
“Sure. A man has to have loyalties,” he said. He eyed Moose’s limp body once again with a bubbling rage and then returned to me. “His father brought him to me. He had it in his head to make Giovanni learn cruelty from someone who was intimate with the trait. My reward would have been a return to the Pit.”
That made more sense. “So Giovanni wasn’t cruel?”
He eyed me with those fiery things. “You could say that,” he said carefully. And then he smiled and broke out in more laughter. “It makes no difference now. I at first thought Giovanni was a pansy. Effeminate, like your woman said. But he was more complex than that. The lordling could charm you with well knitted words and his smile. He was the kind of man that other men love to follow and women fall in love with.”
“Huh?” I said. “You almost sound like you miss the guy.”
His fiery eyes became wide as he reflected on something. I had dug something real here and I loved my job for a moment. 
“I won’t lie, sir. He had his charm, like I said, and he did become my friend in a fashion. But the lordling didn’t have what it takes to become a Pit Lord,” he said. “He knew it too.”
“And so it was your job to toughen him up. How were you going about it?” I said.
He shrugged. “I wanted to squash all sympathy in him. But to answer your question, to become cruel you must act it. With his father’s permission, I had him undertake a few...activities.”
“Of the criminal kind?” I said. 
“Are there any other type that make a man cruel?” said Marr. 
“There are also the immoral kind,” said Jenn. 
“She’s correct,” said Marr and licked his lips.
I shrugged. “My guess is you had Giovanni team up with Lady Chris to enlarge a criminal organization,” I said and lit up a cigarette.  
Marr laughed. “Lady Chris introduced him to more than what I wanted,” he said. “But it convinced me there was no helping Giovanni.”
“Maria. She had him by the genitals, right? What did you think of her?” I said. 
He asked for a cigarette before answering. I gave him one and he lit the thing with his eyes. The clouds of smoke that Pit Dog produced were like the clouds of smog over downtown Los Angeles. 
“There was an interesting creature. Maria put ideas in Giovanni’s head. It was because of Maria that he went to Nadia Faber,” said Marr. 
“So what led to a friendship?” I said, letting the skepticism show in my voice.
“That was the most surprising thing. Aside from his training, there was no reason for him to visit me. But he did. And we found more common ground than I would have thought. Eventually, he brought Maria and that Lady Chris here too. I’ve seen all sorts in the Pit so they were nothing new to me.” He laughed a little. “He called me his friend and I believed it. We were all friends. But one day he would go to the Pit and...I’d still be here.”
“Is that why you killed him?” I said. “Where’s his soul, anyway?”
That booming laughter filled the place. “Just how would I kill a Pit lordling? I can’t leave, remember?” he said. Hey, it was a valid alibi. No way he was leaving his prison, which more or less meant he hadn’t done it. And there was no reason to believe one of his bikers could do Giovanni in.
Marr kept giving Moose’s limp body dirty looks and I wanted no part in how he disciplined these men.  
“Thanks for talking to me,” I said and got up. But a strong hand sat me back down. I looked up and the four other bikers were there. “What?”
“Get your hands off me!” said Jenn.
“Calm her down, Adams,” said Marr. “You two are going nowhere.”
“Off me!” said Jenn and smacked the biker’s face. 
Everyone had a good laugh about that. Jenn continued to struggle with the biker. I pulled out my gun and pointed it at Marr. He laughed and the whole place vibrated.
“You know plain bullets can’t kill a Pit Dog, right?” he said with so much glee in his voice it was sickening.
“Thunderbolt bullets,” I said. I pulled back the hammer.
The smile disappeared from Marr’s face and there was growing concern. “You’ll get one shot. My men will kill you before you can get a second!” he said. 
“One shot’s enough with this,” I said, “for a little Pit Dog.”
“Maybe the enchantments on these walls won’t let its power through. Maybe they will. You a gambling man, Adams?” he said.
“How did you know my name?” I said and smiled. Marr didn’t.
A shot went off next to me. The biker who had put his hands on Jenn flopped over and fell. A pool of blood formed under him. She had an automatic pistol in her small hands. It was the black one Harry carried on his belt. Her face had sprinkles of blood.
“Shit! Shit! Shit!” she said and wiped her face with a napkin. “I just wanted to hit him in the shoulders!” Her hands trembled when she saw the blood, but she didn’t let go of the gun.
I got up unhindered and led Jenn towards the door. No one tried to follow us. I wasn’t about to touch the door again and let Jenn open it and step out. But when I tried to leave, nothing happened. The door slammed shut.
“This place won’t hold her, but you...” said Marr and laughed. “You’re not a creature of this realm. You can’t leave while the enchantments are in place.”
A door on the floor opened, revealing a set of stairs that descended. A young man came out and looked around. It didn’t take me long to recognize Ben. He still wore the relaxed garments and the sunglasses.
“Isn’t Painter going to miss you? He might be auditioning someone else,” I said to Ben.
Ben smiled and shook his head.
“Go back down, Benvolio,” said Marr.
“Benvolio?” I said. 
“Ben, Benvolio, what is the difference, friends? I heard the blast of a firearm, which alarmed me,” said Benvolio. He had a thick accent. I couldn’t identify it except that it was European and antiquated. It went nicely with his face and I understood why he had been mute before. He turned to look at me and held my gaze. “This is another one of those lost souls asking questions. They are becoming bothersome, like flies. Painter wants you to deal with him.” 
“What?” I said.
“No!” said Marr. “He’s not like the others.”
“He is the one, then?” Benvolio brightened up. “This is good fortune. Where is she?”
“Go back down!” said Marr. “I have this under control.”
“I wish to help,” said Benvolio and a sickening smile filled his meek face. 
“I don’t need your help!” said Marr and those beads of sweat filled his face again. He was afraid... “Let’s just take him downstairs.”
“Yes,” said Benvolio. “Let the corpses of the others keep him company until it is time.”
“What are you gonna do with me here, Marr? I’m horrible company,” I said.
Marr let out a burst of that booming laughter. “I am tired of this hole, Adams. I am tired of darkness day in and day out. And I am especially tired of only being able to torture humans with poor service. You are my ticket out of here, sir.”
“How do you figure?” I said. He became as mute as Benvolio.  
The bikers crept towards me. There had to be something I could do. I couldn’t shoot all of them. The Committee might have the Executor track me down again if I was absent long enough. I didn’t want that since it might waste hours. And then it came to me, mirrors. If I could scribble the communication rune on a mirror, the Committee would know where I was. But Marr kept not a single shard of one on his walls. If I could run to the bathroom...
I tried, but two bikers caught me. Hey, it was worth a try.





Chapter 15:
4:28 PM




I’ll say this for Benvolio. He wasn’t a kidder. When they opened the door, I got a flash of the room. Two men hung from the ceiling, ropes around their necks. The condition of the bodies and the stench told me they had been there a week at least. They pushed me down the steps and then waited by the door, probably to make sure I settled down. This would have been a setback if not for the stiffs in the room. I wanted to know who they had been and why they were there.
The bikers shut the door and darkness spread. I had to fumble around to sit on the ground.  
I dug through my pockets and pulled it out. The lighter was my only source of light. With it, I found the bodies again and began to search them. It was like searching the pockets of a statue. That was a pleasant endeavor but it resulted in some clues. One of the two had a secret compartment in his shirt and in it was a laminated identification card. John Marshall. He had been a shamus, like me, and a retired police detective at that. The other one had been younger and had no such identification card, but he did have a mock badge that said, “Bounty Hunter.” I laughed at it. It was amateurish, a play thing. But I had to give the boy credit. He had found Marr just like his more seasoned counterpart. Right?
No, that didn’t make sense to me either. The shamus had the right experience to track down Marr, but not the boyish bounty hunter. Maybe the young lad had been sent here after John Marshall had come up short and gotten a rope for his troubles. That made more sense. With the lighter I looked over their bodies some more. Fingers were broken on both and their faces were pulp meat. They had been down here a while undergoing Marr’s brand of cruelty before they got it. I pitied the two. 
Thinking it over, it didn’t make sense that Marr had killed them. The Pit Dog wasn’t a fool but killing humans was as foolish as you could get. It would attract attention of the wrong kind. Certainly, their families would get curious and call the coppers. The human dicks would sniff around and more would have to disappear. And then if the Enforcers learned about it, how much worse would they make Marr’s prison? So it made me wonder why they were here and what questions they had asked to push the Pit Dog to do something this stupid.  
I snapped my finger. Deluxe had said that something was going to happen tonight. If Marr was a part of it too, then he wouldn’t care about a few dead humans or their families. I had to get out of here.
I searched them over one more time. Neither had a mirror, but one did have a shiny flask with Brandy in it. I tried to draw the communication rune on it, but it was no good. It would only work on a mirror. But the Brandy in the flask gave me an idea. I looked around the basement and sure enough, there were crates of liquor around. Some were in cases and some lying around, probably used up by whoever had hung the two dead men. I checked the labels of these. The one with the highest proof would do, something called Everclear.
The lighter came in handy again and I crept to the door. I could hear them clearly on the other side. They were having an argument.
“Have your men fetch her!” said Benvolio’s queer voice.
“No! I told you already, I’m in charge! You better--” said Marr. 
They moved further away so I couldn’t make out the rest. I needed them to come after me so I made light scratching sounds and breathed heavily. That didn’t work so I banged on the door.
“He’s listening!” said someone on the other side.
I backed away from the door. It opened and they burst in. The electric light from outside stabbed into the darkness. Marr decked me and the world became fuzzy. It was a light punch, but I carefully rolled back down the stairs and landed flat at the bottom. In the darkness of the basement they didn’t see me break the top of the bottle of Everclear, giving it a new, wide mouth. The Pit Dog was on top of me right away. He lifted me up with one hand and brought me face to face with him. My gun lay on his belt. He pulled it out and put the barrel to my face. 
“I told you to sit still!” he said.
“Why are you holding back your punches?” I said. With his strength he could have knocked my head clean off. 
“Shut up!” said Marr. 
“Make me!” I said and doused his face with Everclear. 
Those Hellfire eyes of his did the rest of the work. The liquor whooshed alive. He screamed, let me go and dropped the gun all at once. I picked it up and used the jagged edges of the bottle to burst through the bikers. 
In the confusion and darkness I was able to crawl back outside. I ignored the male bathroom and ran into the female one. It was a filthy mess, but I had guessed correctly. To maintain appearances, Marr had to have mirrors installed for the dames.  
I moistened my finger and drew the communication rune on the glass. The image of the Committee appeared before me. The bikers and Marr and Benvolio stopped at the door when they saw them. It was a delicious reaction. The mysterious Benvolio actually ran down to the basement.
“Adams?” said the Angelus girl. 
“Open the front door to this place!” I told them. 
The members of the Committee turned to my surroundings and scowled. Their whispered voices came again and I just knew they didn’t like where I was.
“What are you doing in there?” said the Enigma members.
“Minding my business,” I said. Marr wouldn’t come closer but he growled like a mean dog and his fiery eyes burned so bright they illuminated the room. His face was charcoal black and the handlebar mustache was gone as were his eyebrows. “This is the banished Pit Dog I mentioned earlier.”
“Is he the culprit?” said one of the Pit Lords. 
“No,” I said. “But he has a mind to keep me here unless you open that door.”
The front door must have burst open because slivers of sunlight tore apart the gloom in the bathroom. I ran out of there and Jenn and Harry were waiting for me outside. The door slammed shut, but it opened again. The enchantment would hold Marr, but not his bikers. The four still standing came out with an assortment of weapons, including guns.
We all had guns out by that point too and we slowly crept back to the police car. Harry sped off and gunshots tore into the back of our car. 
“They’ll probably follow us on their bikes!” I said.
“No they won’t,” Jenn said. “I flattened their tires.”
It was such a random thing to do, I laughed at it. She was actually quite handy to have around for a stripper. I didn’t say this aloud, of course, for fear of what she might do. 
Haunting my memory were the corpses. I still had the identification card and the flask that had saved me. John Marshall and the unnamed kid. I drank to their health.
“Where to now?” said Harry.
“Lady Chris,” I said. “We have to find him and Victor.”





Chapter 16:
5:00 PM




It was exactly the way I had pictured. No one wanted to get close to the police car. We would approach a dame we suspected was a prostitute, but they would back off or greet us with ignorance. But there were a few daring specimens who came up to us.
“I’ll polish your badge for ya, officeh,” said one pale skinned bird with an obvious blonde wig and too hairy legs. He adjusted his shirt to show off a padded bra as he played with his short skirt.
I asked Jenn if she had any tips for us, but hadn’t paid attention to me. Her expression was dark and she was deep in thought. She wouldn’t look at me when she spoke. The discarded gun near her seat told me what was wrong.
“It was self defense,” I said. She raised a skeptical eyebrow. “More of an accident. It wasn’t something you intended.”
“What’s this?” said Harry.
“She fed lead to one of Marr’s bikers. He didn’t get up after the meal,” I said.
“I thought you just wanted that thing for show,” said Harry. “They’ll tie Officer Brogan to it if the body’s ever found.”
“I wanted to shoot him in the shoulder,” she said. She buried her face in her hands. “I killed him instead. I killed a man.” 
A burst of sympathy came over me. “It was more his fault than yours, kid. He put you in a spot and got what was coming,” I said. “Look at me.” She glanced at my face and I remembered she couldn’t look me in the eyes. 
“Just forget it,” she said. 
She took a deep breath and the smile returned to her face. It was as if nothing had happened. She laughed and made a joke about the prostitutes. This worried me, but I wasn’t qualified to deal with it. What could I tell her? Some cautionary tale about how if she ate all her vegetables and went to church she wouldn’t burn in hell? I didn’t even know if the Pit had flames. That priest she knew might help her later if he could keep his eyes on her pretty face. 
I’ll admit now that while I mused over Jenn, I didn’t notice the other car following us, not until after we spoke to the third prostitute. I only noticed it because of its unusual windows; they were completely black so you couldn’t see inside of it. It was a silver colored thing that kept its distance and would disappear into turns and then reappear behind us. The driver knew what he was doing. I pointed this out to Harry.
“What do you wanna do?” said Harry.
“Let’s take them on a joy ride,” I said.
From Santa Monica Boulevard we turned north and then onto Sunset. Our tail kept up pretty well, surprising us once by appearing ahead of us and letting us pass them.
“This isn’t cool, guys,” said Jenn. 
I agreed and told Harry to drive somewhere isolated to deal with them. 
“What’s your plan?” said Harry.
“We joust,” I said. A Thunderbolt bullet would put an end to it, but first I wanted to confirm that it was a danger to us, not just a tail. 
The police car sped off into a lonesome side street that had a variety of apartment buildings on either side. Harry hit seventy driving down it and then pulled a U turn. I told him to use those sirens to scare them off. The other car came up on us and they must have known that we knew. It was their move.
As they approached on our left, four machine gun barrels poked out of its darkened windows. Harry had just enough time to toss the police car sideways. I jumped out and opened Jenn’s door as they layered the police car with bullets. 
I grabbed Jenn and we dove, using the bullet-free side of the car as cover. They emptied their magazines and then drove off, their tires screaming and the smell of burnt rubber and gun powder in the air. 
“Holy shit!” said Jenn several times.
“Are you okay?” I said and she nodded. I got up and made sure the other car was well and gone. “Harry...”
I ran to him and found him with his head bent over the steering wheel. I opened his door and a stream of blood hit the pavement. Harry had five or six holes in him and he was coughing out blood while trying to speak. 
“Hurts like holy hell,” he said.
My first thought was, how long had they been following us? Maybe they had picked us up at Marr’s Place or maybe since we had left Mercutio’s place. I didn’t know. Someone had been waiting for us somewhere. Maybe they had dumped Craig Deluxe at the murder scene for the coppers to find. 
“Just hang on,” I told Harry. 
Several men and women were on their devices contacting help. Of course, my concern wasn’t for Harry. He was a Shadow Monger and would return to the Abstract Realm when released. But poor Connor Brogan wouldn’t be so lucky. I couldn’t handle the thought of his family mourning him because I had chosen him to get into this mess. “Harry,” I said and those dark eyes turned to me. “Keep Brogan’s body alive so they can help him.”
Harry blinked once, which I took to mean yes. Jenn was next to me and I grabbed her arm and forced her away from the fallen copper. She fought me and I’ll say this for her, she was a strong one. 
“He’s your friend!” she said. 
“He’s fine,” I said. She shook her head and then slapped me and called me an insensitive jerk. I turned back to Harry and saw him convulse as more blood erupted out of his mouth. He wasn’t going to make it unless there was some kind of intervention. The Pit Lord wouldn’t care, but the Enforcer was a do-gooder. I dragged Jenn to an alley and spoke Michael’s true name. 
The Enforcer appeared there immediately and Jenn tried to run away. I held onto her this time. Michael still wore the same outfit as before, but he was so menacing I thought I might have interrupted him in the middle of a bowel movement.
“Can you help him?” I said and pointed to Harry.
Michael turned an indifferent gaze at Harry. “Why? The Shadow Monger will return to the Abstract Realm.”
“But Brogan’s family might want him around for a while longer,” I said.
The Enforcer wore a triumphant smile. “Good,” he said. He turned his attention to Harry and focused on him. He blinked and Harry’s convulsions stopped and he seemed to stabilize. “There. He’ll live to a ripe old age if he stays out of the path of bullets.”
“What?” said Jenn alarmed. “What did he do? What are you people?”
“Why not just heal him altogether?” I said, not minding Jenn.
He chuckled. “And why not announce my involvement to the Committee too? Really, Adams,” he said. “Did you follow my lead?” 
If I said yes, I had a feeling Michael would share more of his leads with me or reprimand me for not nabbing Marr and the evidence. Either way I would lose face.
“No,” I lied. 
“And that’s obvious. Another lordling lies dead and his soul is missing,” said the Enforcer. “And now this...” 
Those eyes of his focused on me and his mouth clamped shut. I wasn’t up for the lecture, especially when I was suspicious of him. 
“Maybe you can help me clarify something,” I said. His mouth shut tighter and I asked, “What can you tell me about a rogue set of Enforcers out to make little Pit lordlings pay for their many, many overlooked crimes?”
He laughed a humorless laugh and crossed his arms. “The Pit Lord’s venom has found your ears again,” he said. He locked eyes with me and I couldn’t handle his immaculate nature. I looked away. “You mean to accuse me...” He marched up to me like one male animal challenging another for dominance and gripped my arm until it hurt. “You’re a bigger idiot than I imagined!” 
I brushed him off. “Right, because an Enforcer breaking the law is unheard of,” I said.
“What I’m doing here is justified!” He stood upright, majestic with rage. That halo behind his head shone bright. “I refuse to talk about this with you.”
“No! Tell me now if what the Pit Lord said is true,” I said. 
He smacked me across the gums and I folded backwards onto my rear end. It surprised me more than it hurt. The Enforcer had a short fuse but I hadn’t thought it was that short. It occurred to me that Michael wasn’t like the other Enforcers. They had been cool and distant, not even talking with their mouths. 
“You’ll not take that tone with me, human!” he said, spitting out the last word. 
I reached for my revolver, but he had a hand on his own. Michael shook his head. We were in a standoff for what seemed an eternal amount of time. The outburst did give me an appreciation for his celestial reflexes. He was bull strong when he wanted to be, but not as fast as I would have thought. But maybe he was just holding back, which meant he might beat me to a draw. An Enforcer’s gun fires Celestial Atonement. Harry didn’t know what that was and I wasn’t eager to find out. I spat out blood and let go of my gun.   
“You have a knack for saying the stupidest things,” said Michael, covering up his gun. “It will get you killed.” 
“Too late to worry about that,” I said, rubbing my chin.
A tiny smile formed on his angry face. “No such element exist. It’s not in the nature of the Enforcer,” he said, but there was guilt in his eyes. He offered me a hand. I took it and his brow knitted together. “I hope I didn’t hurt you.”
“It’ll take more than what you can pack to put me down,” I said. I laughed about what I said later on, but it was the only thing that came to me. “Now if you’ll excuse us, we have some work to do.”
I urged Jenn to follow me and she did. She touched my lip, which probably had a nice lump on it, but I shrugged her off. I looked back at the alley and Michael was gone. An ambulance had just arrived along with several more police cars full of coppers who would likely want to speak with me. The case file was still in the car. Without that, I had to make do with what I had left.
“Let’s get out of here,” I told Jenn but she didn’t move. “I need to find a car somewhere.”
“No,” she said and crossed her arms. “You want me to keep helping you, you gotta come clean.”
The police began to gather people to question. I nodded and we wandered out of the area and into one of the gas stations. 
“Look, sweetheart, this isn’t the time to get curious. There’s things going on that even I don’t understand yet,” I said. 
“Like people popping out thin air?” she said. “I didn’t imagine that earlier. Or why you care so little about your friend dying?”
“Maybe we should part ways for your safety,” I said. 
She let out a roaring, “Ha!” and began to tap her foot on the ground. “Don’t try to get rid of me,” she said. She stood there, studying me. “You need me anyway.”
That surprised me. “How so?”
“I got a car and know my way around. I haven’t been in a cave for a hundred years,” she said. She pulled some keys out of her purse and jangled them in front of me as one might a carrot in front of a rabbit. 
“About that... I didn’t literally mean I’d been...”
“You’re like them...” She pointed a shaky finger at me. She gasped. “Oh, my god. I’ve lost it. You’re all ghosts!” She backed away and then went into thought. “But that wouldn’t make sense. The cop car got shot up, so it was real. But you,” she said to me. “What are you?”
I thought of the many ways to break this to her. She wasn’t a total stranger to my new world. She might understand better than others in her situation.
“I was murdered in 1947 and I went to a place called the Abstract Realm. I’m not doing too well there. This,” I said trying to find the right word. “All of this is my last chance to get out of there, to gain forgiveness for the errors I made in life.” I put in a fresh cigarette and let it dangle. “Harry’s fine. He’s a creature from the place I was trapped in so he’ll go back to it. And the person who came out of nowhere healed the copper’s body enough to make it through.”
“That’s a start,” she said without the slightest hint of surprise or shock. My guess was she had pieced some of this together herself and was waiting for confirmation. “And they’re called ‘cops’ now not ‘coppers.’ I swear, you stick out like mayo on French Fries.”
I smiled and motioned for her to come along. 





Chapter 17:
6:00 PM




The kid was a good sport about paying the cab fare back to the church where her car was. Here I got another taste of inflation. The ride back was hardly two miles, but it cost her enough to buy a carton of cigarettes. She seemed excited about going along, which is probably why she didn’t notice. I wasn’t sure she understood how dangerous a hole we had gone into. 
My guess was that Painter wasn’t thrilled about us poking our noses into his business and contacted someone to take care of us. Maybe Marr’s bikers, but that was unlikely. The driver of the car with the darkened windows was too cool and professional; a biker didn’t fit that mold.
Once in her car, the drive wasn’t very pleasant. There was a reckless streak in her like she didn’t care, which had nothing to do with narcotics. She and others drove like they were in a hurry and had to get somewhere, maybe death, but who knew? It was also discomforting because of the size of the car. This thing hardly sat two and if she collided with anything bigger than a bicycle it would kill us both. She said it got good mileage for the gasoline, but what did that matter? 
But Jenn wasn’t all reckless. There was a sort of logic to the things she did. She took well-lit streets full of other cars and weaved in and out of lanes, a smart move that made it more difficult to follow us. She also took a less direct route back to Santa Monica Boulevard. I kept an eye out for the other car since it was too good to assume that they were done with us. 
We were on the strip. Jenn took the time to point things out to me almost like a tour guide. I wanted to say she might do tours for a living, but I didn’t think she would like that. 
At Grauman’s, I had another one of those memory flashes. I was in my Hollywood. Men and women from my era walked around with broad smiles on their faces. I was among them in a nice suit and tie. A red haired woman walked beside me and I got the distinct impression that she was with me. The little girl with the seashells wasn’t there. But I just knew this moment held some significance. I wanted to focus on her, but there was fog. Before I figured out why, the world returned. All those people I had seen were dead. Forgotten by this fast paced era with its technological wonders as if we had never been there at all. 
“Hey?” she said.
It snapped me back in place. The case. “Sorry, darling. Reminiscing.”
“What about?”
And I explained to her what the boulevard had been like in the past.
“Street cars and stop signs?” she said with annoyance. 
“And less cars,” I said. She let me reminisce about a few more things, adding the proper “Ooh!” and “Ah!” in the right places. I have to admit I didn’t mind the attention.
At a traffic light she smiled and said, “Tell me about Giovanni.”
“What?” I said. She had pulled the same stunt I had with Painter; get him comfortable, let his mind wander and only then stab him with questions. It wasn’t so swell when she did it to me.
She laughed that easy laugh of hers and said, “You should see the look on your face!” 
I let her have it, the victory while I looked for ways to tell her about Pit Lords and the Pit. She had been in a Catholic church so maybe that belief system would help her understand. 
“Do you believe in Hell?” 
She stopped laughing. “Not particularly.” 
I wanted to tell her that I thought she was lying. She had gone to that church for something and I didn’t think it was the holy water or the young priest.  
“You should,” I said. “They,” I added and pointed upwards, “call it the Pit. The ones who run the Pit have children here on Earth. Giovanni was one of them and someone murdered him. His soul didn’t go home to Papa so they sent me to find it and figure out who did him in.”
She chewed on this for a moment. “Why do they have kids here?” she said.
“That doesn’t matter and honestly, I don’t think I want to know why,” I said.
She asked me a dozen more questions but I was done answering them and my curt and sometimes blunt answers let her know this. I offered her a cigarette to make friends again and she took it and held it in her mouth without lighting it, the way I did, which was amusing. 
“Monkey see, monkey do,” she said. Ha! 
Jenn ventured off of Hollywood Boulevard and onto Santa Monica Boulevard and headed west. She called this the “boulevard of broken dreams.” It was getting darker now and a transformation was underway. There were groups of men walking back towards Hollywood Boulevard or to the restaurants and other places there. And there were other groups there too. Cars pulled over and spoke to young men, good looking birds actually, and these young men would lean into the window of some car and after a few seconds enter it. More of the men in women’s clothing where there too, but these were of a different kind. The ones we had seen before were trashy, really obvious. 
This second wave was more difficult to tell apart. Jenn actually had to point out that the person I was talking to was a man. Another fellah was so much like a dame that even Jenn didn’t know it until he spoke. In his voice was the truth and it startled us to no end. They all walked back and forth along the boulevard, never stopping except to proposition. 
What did these man-women dream of? Did they dream at all? Maybe they were like Pinocchio, hoping a fairy godmother would turn them into real women. Or maybe they dreamt that if they dressed like women long enough, something special would rub off on them, like Ulrichs had said. That’s a big dream. 
When this many people dream big, the dream becomes a living thing that has a definite shape. In this part of the world the dream creature was up high for all to see: The Hollywood sign. I was livid that I remembered some of the history. Hollywoodland it spelled back then, to advertise real estate. What did it advertise now but misery in flashy letters? What did it offer those birds who transformed into dames every night?
I know. I know. I’m turning out to be a real self-righteous bastard. 
“You think so?” said Jenn. I must have been thinking aloud.
“I talk too much and a lot of what I say is nonsense,” I said. 
She laughed, but not like before. “I don’t know anyone who I can talk to like this.”
“No one?”
“Nope. The people I party with don’t give a shit. Mom is too busy making ends meet to take care of my grandma,” she said. 
“And dad?”
“Not in the picture.”
That was what I expected. I couldn’t see a father letting his daughter wrap herself around a pole. 
“When did you start seeing them?” I said.
She smiled. I had intruded. “I was six years old. My grandpa came up to me and said he was sorry he had spent so little time with me,” she said.
“He was dead.”
She nodded. “Had been dead for two years. I told my grandma about it, but I don’t think she believed me. My mom sent me to therapy,” she said and laughed. “One of my friends, a cop, was shot a few years back. I still talk to him sometimes.”
I instinctively turned to scan the car. “He’s here now?”
She laughed and didn’t say more. Despite the melancholy in the air, we continued. We found more prostitutes. They were more eager to approach Jenn’s tiny car and make small talk before offering a “good time” and calling us a “hot couple.” As expected, nobody knew a Lady Chris. A few just gave us odd looks before wandering onto another street, saying they weren’t “looking to get no one in trouble.” But one bird who was maybe twenty-something made a crack about Lady Chris’ temper and I knew that he knew and wasn’t afraid. I told Jenn to follow him as he walked down the boulevard. He was another handsome one with golden hair, tall, and with the build of one of those men in the Sears catalog, real slender. 
“Probably an actor or was an actor,” said Jenn. “He’s pretty hot.”
We followed him down the street, but I asked Jenn to park somewhere to watch him. It was too obvious just following along. Our target propositioned one car and then another and then a third. He got into the third car and we followed. They didn’t go very far, just to a dark street. 
I got out and walked up to the driver’s side window with my gun out. They were in the middle of fellatio. The revolver tapped the glass and the colored man inside looked at me with fear. He promptly pulled up his pants. “Let him out,” I said.
“Get out!” said the driver to the prostitute. He said this with such passion that our target jumped out. The car drove off, never looking back. 
“What did you do that for?” said the prostitute.
“I really want to talk to Lady Chris,” I said. 
“You just cost me fifty bucks, asshole!” he said.
I pulled out some of Jenn’s money. “We’re not with the law. Cut us some slack, sonny.” 
He looked us over with ferocious eyes and then swiped the cash from my hand. The back door of Jenn’s car opened and he was inside giving us directions. Jenn drove off Santa Monica Boulevard and onto the smaller streets, less bright.
The youngster made small talk. He confirmed Jenn’s suspicion about being an actor. He wasn’t looking for work in movies, but in something called a Reality Program. That didn’t pan out so he tried being a film extra. Apparently, looks were too common in Hollywood these days. Not everyone handsome or beautiful had a shot. Many, the boy said, turned to pornographic movies or to prostitution. His drug addiction and the size of his manhood made him an undesirable candidate for the likes of Daniel Painter. 
“Here,” he said and showed off fresh needle marks on his arm like they were the dandiest things. He was a real hoot. He was like me, just wanting someone to pay attention to him for a while. 
A hotel hidden in that darkness was our final destination. Jenn parked and we got out of the car. Our guide was hesitant about going further and asked me for a cigarette, which I gladly gave him. He looked here and there and everywhere while smoking it. I checked out his eyes and the pupils were dilated like fried eggs. It explained the anxiety. 
“Well?” I said.
“Room 104,” he said. “Ask for Lady Chris, but don’t mention me, okay?”
“I don’t even know your name,” I said and the prostitute got out. 
“What a pity,” she said looking at him run off. 
“Why? He wasn’t any different than the others we saw on the boulevard,” I said.
“Are you kidding me? Did you see those eyes and that face? Gawd!” she said and sighed. “He could have been my baby daddy!” She laughed that easy laugh of hers.
I chuckled. I knew what she meant. It was always a shame to see the pretty things decay like that. The whole world could fall apart, but it was only a tragedy when it happened to the beautiful. Such were our prejudices. 





Chapter 18:
7:00 PM




The parking lot of the place was full of activity. Men and women were in their cars, and men and men, some smoking and listening to music and others engaged in sexual activity without the slightest care for how obvious it was. A few tried to cover it up with windshield guards or by being in the backseat, but it was a wasted effort.   
I adjusted my hat if only to prevent my usually curious eyes from wandering. This made Jenn chuckle but I shushed her. After a brisk walk around the perimeter of the hotel, we discovered room 104 wasn’t on the first floor. We climbed some stairs and found the right door easy enough. I knocked twice and a colored man opened.
“Come back at midnight,” he said with a sleepy voice, his eyes bloodshot. 
I put my foot in the way as he attempted to close the door. “I was actually hoping to speak with Lady Chris,” I said.
He looked me over and Jenn too and then grimaced. The door opened wider and he urged us in. The cramped room was obnoxiously warm and there was a table with several thin rows of white powder. A card game was underway and the aroma of marijuana was thick. Music blared, but there was no singing to it; a man with a deep voice rhymed lines to the rhythm of the tune. Two other men were there, one had slanted eyes and the other was White, each had this effeminate manner about them. The White one was in lady’s garb. I thought maybe that one was Lady Chris but he looked nothing like the photograph. The door closed behind us. The game stopped. Everyone’s attention was on us.
“What do you want?” said the man in women’s clothing. His voice was gentle and soft and I thought to congratulate him on that. But it was down to business.
“Lady Chris,” I said.
“I’m she,” he said and played with the hair on his wig.
“No, you’re not,” I said and pulled out the photograph. I pointed to Lady Chris. “Can I speak to this person?”
He laughed this ridiculous laugh sugarcoated with feminine delight. He urged the others to laugh too. He stood up and walked over to me and I saw he wore heels. Those were some ugly feet.
“Baby, I’m sorry. You ain’t no dummy,” he said and caressed my shoulder. There was a death cloud of a dame’s perfume about him. “But what business you got with Chris?”
“I’m his Uncle Ray. I got a birthday present for him,” I said.  
He put out his hand like he wanted me to talk to it. “Everyone thinks they so funny these days. You think you’re funny, baby?” he said. I blew smoke in his face. His effeminate hands attacked the cloud like it would kill him on the spot. “Stupid pig!” he said while coughing. “I don’t want none of your secondhand smoke!”
Guns flashed out. I showed off mine too, and everything was tense. But I wasn’t going to let this go that way. 
“Lady Chris will want to see me,” I said. “I just had a talk with Frank Marr about Giovanni Dixon and Maria Esperanza.” 
The guns disappeared at the urging of the man-dame. “You should have said so in the first place. You’re Adams, right? She’s been waiting for you,” he said, this time he made no attempt at coloring his voice with a feminine flair. He was more male then, the makeup flustered on his young face. He motioned for the colored fellah to come. “Follow him. Lady Chris is in the other room.”
There was laughter and the sounds of a television set coming from the other side of the door the colored man led us to. I felt Jenn’s hands on my shoulder, using me to guide her. She was tense and I couldn’t say I was too eager to go further into that hole. The door opened and it was dark inside, the only light coming from the television set I had heard. A giant man of a race I couldn’t identify got up.
“He wants to talk to Chris,” said the colored man and walked away.
“Oh, yeah?” said the giant. He motioned for me to come further and I felt Jenn’s hand holding me back. I should have paid attention to her instincts. 
The giant’s fist swung as I came closer and slammed into my gut. All the air I’ve ever breathed came out and I doubled over. That enormous fist hit me in the back of the head. Jenn screamed and that was that.





Chapter 19:
???




I awoke in the replica of my bedroom the Abstract Realm kept sending me to. My gut and the back of my head still hurt from the blows; that’s how hard the bastard had hit me. Turning over onto my side, I waited for something to happen. I expected something to happen right about now. Something always happened at this exact moment. Right after contemplating the reality of being dead. 
Nothing happened.
I had died and failed and now I was back in the Abstract Realm. At least that’s what I thought happened. Any time now the Committee would send for me and scold me for my vast failure. The other Shadow Monger would come most likely. 
Nothing happened.
Satisfied that no one was coming for me, I was free to tend to my thoughts. This version of my bedroom was different. There was less mental fog. I got out of bed and looked around, not unsettled, but with childish curiosity. My mind was trying to figure something out.  
I always returned here and awoke in my bed. Before now, I assumed it was the Abstract Realm that sent me here. But what if that wasn’t the case? The familiar anxiety grew in my stomach, but I wasn’t unsettled. 
I was anxious because I knew something was missing. And I had to figure out what. Sadness grew like a fungus in me. It was the saddest thing in the world that I didn’t know what was missing. I touched a few things. The seashell-shaped clock that always woke me with its ringing. There was warmth to it. There was also warmth in the Venetian curtains on my windows. And the way the suits were neatly arranged in the closet sent a new fist into my gut. The missing element was in all these things, hiding. 
This room represented something. I was convinced now that I kept waking up here for a reason. It was almost a desperate longing that drove me back here. Yes. It was like that. There was a scent in the sheets I hadn’t noticed earlier. I was so close to it now. I knew that if I remembered this one thing, then everything would come back and I would know the type of man I had been.
And then it hit me what it was. The woman with the red hair? The child with the seashells? The answer had always been there and I was the happiest man in the world for knowing it. But that joy turned into bitterness and horror when it all hit me. I wanted to shed tears. Really, I did.
“Don’t let your mind wander too far, Adams,” said Harry. He had a fresh shadow-cigarette in his mouth. “There’s still the lordling’s untimely demise you have to deal with.”
Poof! Whatever I had known disappeared again.
“Am I dead?”
He leered at me and then broke out in laughter. “You know you were dead before you entered Hollywood, right?” 
That dumb bastard...I laughed. “That’s not what I meant, Harry. Did that brute kill me?” I said. It was all a big joke to him. 
He shook his head. “You went down like a prize fighter in the third round. Not dead, just out,” said Harry and laughed again. I missed that. “You can’t kill what’s already dead, Adams.”
“Why not just say that instead of mocking me?” I said, but this made him laugh even harder. “Is this some kind of dream?”
“Not really, buddy,” he said. “Being dead, part of your consciousness swirls into the Abstract Realm when you aren’t awake.”
“Oh,” I said. “I don’t think I can solve the case.” I sat down. I was on my bed again and the seashell-shaped alarm clock was in my hands. It was comforting.
“Cheer up!” he said and offered me a shadow-cigarette. 
I laughed and we lit up. Neither of us said anything as we smoked. There is a comfortable amount of silence that friendship tolerates. No pressure exists to create conversation and it doesn’t matter if what you eventually say is impressive or sophisticated. Harry helped calm that part of my soul that wanted to solve the puzzle of the bedroom. And rightly so. Absolution was what I was after and once I gained it, nothing else would matter. There would only be peace.
After what seemed ages, I said, “How do I go back?”
“You just do,” he said.
I remembered Jenn. She was down there in danger thanks to me. Her hands had tried to stop me, but I had been too dumb to listen. She was a smart kid. Jenn... That silly sweet feeling in my stomach I had felt when I first met her, the butterflies, were stronger here. 
“Jenn,” I said. “It’s funny.”
“What is?”
“We haven’t even bothered with Maria’s ghost!” I laughed thinking of Lucifer waiting somewhere for me to give him information. 
“I think right now you need to worry about Lady Chris,” said Harry. “Go help Jenn.”
I was aware of her presence. And she screamed in pain. Yes. Jenn had just screamed in pain. And my body remembered pain. Pain. Pain. Pain. All my muscles ached. It was agony. Waking up was the agony of living.





Chapter 20:
7:35 PM




My arms hung above me when I came to. There was the stench of mold and it was cold in there. Another basement. It was dark for the most part, with only one ceiling bulb that flickered. My head and gut ached. I tried to move but it brought more pain. This was the part of being alive I hadn’t missed. And then I remembered I was in danger and kept my eyelids shut, peeking out of tiny slits. The giant who had smacked me was nearby, standing like a golem, a shotgun in his hands. And the other cat in women’s clothing was there too, giggling like an idiot. But I wasn’t the center of attention. 
Not far from me was Jenn, tied up in the same fashion. In front of her was a man in a leather miniskirt, tall black boots, and a vest of the same leather as the skirt. He wore too much eyeliner and his lipstick was black. You could tell that his long hair wasn’t a wig. 
It was Lady Chris. He was as muscular in person as in the photograph. In his large hand was a knife that he played with, a feminine thing with a two inch blade and a silver finish. The things he said to Jenn were not gentle. And unlike the giggly cat, Lady Chris’ voice lacked any feminine pretense.
“No smartass comments or I’ll cut you!” said Lady Chris. He had China’s photograph in the other hand and he pressed it to Jenn’s face. “How did you get this?”
“She. Gave. It. To. Us.” Jenn pronounced each word for effect as a teacher might to a dumb student. 
The answer sent Lady Chris into a rage. “China wouldn’t give it to you! This here’s a treasure!” He grabbed Jenn’s dark hair and pulled it. The poor kid cringed but she kept her dignity. “A treasure, you hear, tramp?”
“Fuck you!” said Jenn. Her eyes burned with defiance. 
“I like her, she’s sassy, Chris!” said the cat in the women’s clothing. He was real excited, jumping up and down practically.
Lady Chris pulled on Jenn’s hair harder and began to run the knife down her navel and between her legs.  
“Oh, baby,” said Lady Chris, this twisted look in his eyes. “I can do that if you want. Ride you like a train.” He looked over to the giant. “How about it, Derek, you want some of this too?” Derek, the giant oaf, lowered the shotgun so it was in front of his crotch and he pumped the thing repeatedly. They all laughed at Jenn’s terror. “You’re gonna talk, cunt or you won’t get out of here alive.” 
“Ask me some of those questions,” I said. 
“He’s awake!” said the excited cat and ran over to me. Lady Chris came up behind him and pushed him aside.
“I told the last son of a bitch who came here I’d cut the next one of you into pieces,” said Lady Chris. The excited cat giggled with glee.
“Others?” I said, feigning ignorance.
“You’re not the only dick who’s poked around,” said the excited cat and laughed and laughed. 
“Shut up, Tina!” said Lady Chris. He studied me with morbid curiosity. “You gonna play dumb, pig? Marr told me you saw the bodies.”
“Piggy, piggy!” said the excited Tina and straightened out his bra. 
“He is a piggy,” said Lady Chris and smiled. “Answer me! Why are you playing dumb?”
Frank Marr had told Chris some things, but not everything. That was an advantage at least and it told me something about their relationship. As fun as the revelations were, I still wanted to go free. 
There were exactly two ways I was going to manage that. One was the easy way, call Michael or Lucifer and have one of them decimate Lady Chris and his playmate. That was no good since I wanted to know more about the other “dicks” who had “poked around.” That left the second option, my silver tongue.
“I was born dumb,” I said. “Others have come asking questions?”
“I ask the questions!” said Lady Chris. 
That meant yes. I had a thought. “They bugged Craig Deluxe too. Wanna tell me why private investigators would chase after nice people like you, Marr, and Deluxe?”
He slugged me in the gut. I wanted to spit out my stomach. It was still tender and hurt like nobody’s business. I don’t think my body could’ve handled the punishment if it wasn’t already dead. I’ll say this for Chris, he had a solid fist. Lady Chris tugged my head up by the hair and gritted his teeth.
“Don’t mention that name!” he said.
“He didn’t kill Maria or Giovanni,” I said and he tugged my hair harder. “Stop that!” 
“An angry piggy, aren’t you?” 
“He’s real angry, Chris!” said Tina. 
“Piggy, piggy...you’re a lost piggy if you think that bastard didn’t kill Maria. And Danny Painter sent him to do it,” he said and ran that knife’s edge over my cheek. Maybe he thought it was a feather. “Real lost...”
He and Tina were having too much fun. I needed to knock him off balance. 
“About as lost as a man who dresses up like a woman,” I said. I spat at his face.
I expected another shot to the gut, but Lady Chris broke out in laughter and so did Tina. It was madness. 
“That’s a nasty mouth you have, piggy,” said Lady Chris and wiped away the saliva with his finger and tasted it. He put the edge of that knife to my face again and it found my ear. The point scratched in and then down. There was only the smallest pain but I felt the blood trickle down. “Oh, my! You do bleed like a pig!” He pulled away from me and said to the giant, “Shotgun.” Derek came closer and tossed the shotgun to Lady Chris. “Marr wanted me to send you back to him, but he already got to kill two of you. It’s my turn to have fun...”
This wasn’t good so I used what I had left. “You know as well as I do that Deluxe was just the dummy they got to take the blame! Victor was there that night, not Deluxe! Maria told you too, didn’t she?” Lady Chris put the barrel to my face. It was murder in his eyes. “Don’t you wanna find out who the real killer is?” 
“Shut up!” he said. He pumped the shotgun and put his finger on the trigger. 
“No!” I said. “You owe it to Maria and Giovanni, damn you! You owe it to Chucky! You were their friend!” His finger started squeezing the trigger. “You owe it to Will Ulrichs who still thinks you’ll come around!”
His eyes bulged open. “Shut up!” Lady Chris screamed and smacked me with the butt of the shotgun. His hands trembled and he stormed away from me. Tina went to him and tried to comfort him with whispered words. “He won’t shut that dammed mouth of his,” Lady Chris would say. He was in tears, the shotgun discarded. “What do you know about Will, anyway?”
“He said it’s time to forgive and forget,” said Jenn. “He wants to see you.”
Lady Chris considered this while his face sat flat on his hands. 
“Help me,” I said through the bruises on my lips. “I’m trying to solve the murder.”
“Liar!” said Lady Chris. “Shut up!”
“Who sent the other detectives?” I said. “Was it Daniel Painter?”
Chris walked up to me, but the rage was gone from his face. His eyes were still soaked in tears, smearing black mascara everywhere. 
“Did Will send you?” he said. I shook my head. “If it wasn’t him, then who?”
“Giovanni’s family,” I said.
He laughed at this. “He had no family here,” he said.
“Then you know,” I said. “Look in my eyes.”
He did and held firm for about five seconds. “Shit!” he said and wiped his eyes. He took up the knife again. He slashed the ropes and my hands were free. Tina untied Jenn and for a moment we were all a big happy family. I didn’t move, still tense from all the excitement. The pain in my wrists, my head, my mouth and every other battered part of my body kept me frozen too.
“You didn’t know Victor was there that night?” I said.
“So what if I knew?” said Lady Chris. “It’s not like I can do anything about it. So who’s responsible? Is it Danny Painter?” 
“I don’t know, but the killer would have to be strong enough to kill Giovanni,” I said while nursing my wrists. 
Lady Chris nodded. “Giovanni could do stuff...he lifted the ass end of a car one time while we were high. He blew out its tires just by looking at them. I thought I imagined that stuff, but he wasn’t normal.”
“Who sent the other detectives?” I said.
“Nadia Faber,” he said and his face cringed when he did. 
That made no sense at all. “Why?” I said.
“You’re not very good at what you do, honey,” said Chris. His voice gained a hint of feminine sensibility. “They all came looking for Victor, Marr and me. She thinks one of us three has it.”
“Has what?”
“A necklace she loaned Maria before she got...” 
“Jewelry?” I said. I thought he was telling me a joke, but he was serious. “Did they ever say what was so special about it?” 
“All they did was ask questions, man,” said Chris.
“Victor has it?”
“He was there, so probably. I’m pretty sure Frank Marr doesn’t have it,” he said and sat down. He called for some water. With worried eyes he said, “Is Maria in heaven or did Gio take her with him like he said he would?”
That took me back. The innocence on his face was more disturbing to me than the gash that now spread down my ear. 
“Giovanni never went home and Maria’s somewhere in the middle, if you know what I mean,” I said.
He nodded and there was sadness there. “It’s all messed up, man,” he said. He ran a frustrated hand through his long mane. “I loved that girl.”
The photograph I had stolen from China came out again. I nodded along dutifully as he recalled fond memories of the dead woman. There was a sense of history, more than just a life of crime, but other things. Here I got a sense of the types of dreams men like him clung to. 
When appropriate I said, “I need to know some intimate details about the two.”
“Anything to help,” he said and his eyes were sincere.
“Did Painter sleep with Maria?”
“That’s random.” He laughed. “What does that have to do with anything?” 
“My personal need to know,” I said. “Did he?”
He nodded and a sly smile slipped in and then hid away. “Yeah, he did and he got more than what he bargained for.”
“What does that mean?” I said. “Why doesn’t he want anyone to know?”
Tina had a wicked grin on his face and Lady Chris did too. 
“Chucky knew,” said Lady Chris. “And look at what Danny did to him.” 
“Painter murdered Chucky?” I said, though I knew the truth.
“Painter takes care of his people, but Chucky got greedy. He found out Danny was getting a big payout this week for something going on tonight,” he took a sip of some water. “From what I hear, he showed up at Danny’s house and slipped the recording of the audition into the player. Painter didn’t like what he saw and Chucky must have asked him for money to keep it secret. China kept telling him not to do it, but Chucky was a dumb ass.” He laughed. “Trying to blackmail Danny Painter.” He shook his head. 
“Let me guess, Giovanni wasn’t just a porn actor. He was actively drug trafficking with Frank Marr and was looking to expand his operation through Painter. Chucky must have seen the bigger flow of money and got greedy,” I said. I wanted Lady Chris to admit he was a part of this ring. But all I got was more laughter.
“You’re really a lost piggy!” said Chris and he and Tina had a good laugh about that. “There were no drugs being sold. Not by me. Sure, we used the stuff and we passed it around. But it was Marr’s stuff. Gio might’ve been involved with drug trafficking along with Marr before Maria, because Danny kept trying to push Gio to hook him up with Marr. Gio didn’t do it and that’s why Danny got involved with the Chinese mafia. I’m telling you, Gio was a different man after meeting her. Those two were in love.”
“What was your connection to Giovanni?” I said. “Did you introduce him to Maria?”
“That I did. Very good,” said Chris and smiled. “He came to me because he wanted a piece of my action. I deal in girly men. Flesh. Gio wanted to help me expand. But...” He thought for a moment and a warm smile came to his face. “Gio was something else. He was commanding, but in this really weird, messed up, sweet way, like one of us.” I think he said that last part as sarcasm because he gave me this look that suggested it and Tina chuckled. When I didn’t laugh, he went on. “He was falling apart when I met him. I suggested he let Maria entertain him. She was real good about that. Everyone loved her.” He made a heart with his hands. “Instant, man. The chemistry was in the air when they met.” He laughed and it was a pleasant laugh. 
“So Frank Marr was his patsy?”
“Frank ain’t no one’s patsy. But I don’t know. I never saw Frank outside that bar of his. Gio told him he would take him back home when it was his time to take his father’s place,” he said. He had begun to clean my blood off the knife and I have to tell you it was driving me nuts to see so much of it on that silver surface. “Now that I think about it, that wasn’t it. I think Frank thought Gio would do it for the hell of it.”
I nodded. It more or less went along with Marr’s story. When the Pit Dog’s training failed, Giovanni must have made him a new offer. 
“They weren’t friends? Old Frank thought they were. Thought you were his friend too,” I said.
Lady Chris shrugged. “That is true. Gio really thought of Frank as a friend. As far as we went...we’re as friendly as people in our line of work can be,” he said.
“So where’s Victor?” I said. 
Lady Chris laughed and got up. He slapped his hands together and said, “Tell you what, I’ll give you the address to where Victor is. He won’t see me for obvious reasons. Namely that he thinks everyone is trying to kill him for seeing what happened to Gio. But if you get the necklace for me, I can make a buck off the rich gal when I give it back to her.”
“What’s in it for me?” I said and urged Jenn to get ready.
“I’ll tell you why Painter doesn’t want anyone to know that he auditioned Maria.” He dug out a card from a purse and gave it to me. “Victor’s homeboy owns the place, but nobody knows he’s there except me. Not even his family.” There was pride in his voice when saying that last part. He urged Tina to come over and told him to clean us up. 
Behind the card was a set of numbers. “What’s that?” I said.
“My number. Call me when you have it,” he said. And then, Lady Chris let slip, “Tell Vic I still love him, yeah?”





Chapter 21:
8:00 PM




“I don’t like that Nadia lied to me,” I said on the ride back. I scratched the bandage that hid the stitches on my ear. Tina turned out to have been a nurse and for a terrifying few minutes, he stitched me up then bandaged me.
“She didn’t lie,” said Jenn. Her face was fine. Lady Chris knew where to hit without leaving bruises. On a dame it would have stuck out, on me it was part of the costume. “She just didn’t tell you about it.”
“They all know more than they’re telling,” I said, frustrated. “Even Lady Chris.”
“You think?” she said. Sarcasm?
“For every fact he told me, he hid five,” I said. “Like, why not just go to Victor and get the necklace from him?”  
Jenn parked a block away from the place since parking had become impossible to find. I thought the neighborhood was for crowds of businessmen since there were quite a few cats in suits, but the atmosphere was all wrong. Scores of colorful, very colorful, groups walked past the place on their way to other establishments, some in Halloween costumes, all having a great time. 
The card Lady Chris gave us was for a restaurant/bar in West Hollywood called Twelve (12). It had the look of a bank, conservative, straight angles, with a few tables outside covered by large umbrellas. I gave the bar a good once over with the magnifying glass. A strange glow came from inside that no natural light could have created. I immediately wanted to know what it was. Harry might’ve come in handy at that moment. I put a cigarette in my mouth but she warned me not to light it.
My head went to work. Was it possible that this Victor was the culprit? It might explain why he got away clean while Maria and Giovanni did not. Victor might be another lordling who had befriended Giovanni and double crossed him for reasons that I couldn’t guess at. If he was the killer, the stink he left at both crime scenes would be here too.  
“Ready?” I said.
She looked herself over in the mirror of her compact and then said, “Okay.” As soon as we reached the door, a shirtless, muscle-bound bird handed us a flier. It was for an upcoming event in the restaurant. He gave me this weird smile as he eyed me up and down. I was somewhat self-conscious about the bruises my face must have had and the dried spots of blood on my suit and my fat lip and the bandages on my ear and nose.
“What are you supposed to be?” said the bird.
“Zombie,” I said.
“That blood looks sooo real!” He laughed and let us in. 
The bar was shoulder-to-shoulder full, mostly with well-dressed men who nursed drinks in their hands as they talked to other well-dressed men. There was an area cleared out in the middle of the front lobby that I guessed was for dancing, but was now just desolate. In time, the gentlemen at the bar and those coming in later would be in that emptiness, filling it. Everywhere, the floor, the walls, the bar counter, had a dark wood finish which gave the place a tasteful, even sophisticated look; the music in the background had an energetic beat. Jenn was one of a handful of women there. She couldn’t giggle enough and she danced a little. 
I wanted to ask her how she could do that after the experience we just had, but let her go on. Hell, one of us should enjoy themselves at least. I pulled out the magnifying glass and saw the strange glow coming from further in the joint, where the waiters disappeared to. We walked up to the bar.
“Do you know where Victor is?” I asked the bartender.
He was about Jenn’s age, and wore a dark outfit with the bar’s logo on it. His head was bald and shiny and I guessed it wasn’t from age. 
He studied us before he said, “I don’t know who you’re talking about.” There was a frailness to his voice but it was nothing like the exaggerated gestures of Tina. It was almost like he couldn’t make up his mind about whether he wanted to sound like a man or a woman. “Can I get you two a drink?”
“You mean he’s not back there?” I said and pointed to the rear. “His lady friend wanted to talk to him.” I looked over to Jenn who massaged her curves for him.
The bartender laughed. “Nice try,” he said. “Victor’s gay.”
“So you do know him,” I said.
This made the bartender uncomfortable. He signaled a beefy guy wearing all black over to him. They spoke and the beefy guy came up to us. He snatched the unlit cigarette from my mouth.
“What’s the problem, sir?” he said, crushing the cigarette.
“No problem,” I said and stepped away.
We retreated towards a wall and the bartender watched us while trying to hide the fact. Seconds later, the bartender got away from the bar and walked towards the restrooms. He spoke to a few people while there, a waiter and another beefy guy in black. With the conversation over, the waiter nearly sprinted towards the kitchen. I urged Jenn to come along. The bartender was in the bathroom and the beefy guy was too busy with guests to notice us following the waiter. 
The kitchen was alive with aromas, of beef, of sweet things, of soups and other dishes. There was so much steam that it curled the hair in my nostrils. My stomach growled and it surprised me so badly, I almost jumped. As we followed the waiter, I snatched part of someone’s dinner. The cooks eyed me and Jenn, but they didn’t speak up. With all the bruises on my face, who knows what they thought. The waiter met with another cook, whom I guessed was the head cook because his hat was different than those worn by the other cooks. There were two other men with them who didn’t look like part of the kitchen staff. 
One number in particular caught my eye. He was a fidgety, Hispanic hombre, short in stature and with dark wavy hair that poked out of the hood of his sweater. Even though he disguised his face with sunglasses, I still recognized Victor. He exchanged words with the waiter before the waiter rushed away with the other men. The head cook went back to work. We hid under a tray with desert dishes and watched them pass us. Victor wandered further into the kitchen area. The magnifying glass told me the glow was coming from him. And it also told me his soul was human, with a small number of Corruptive Impurities. He wasn’t the culprit. 
I signaled Jenn to follow me. Victor was in a room within a room, an office of some type; both doors were unlocked. I walked in casually, a fresh cigarette in my mouth. 
“This ain’t part of the club,” he said without looking at us. He had removed most of his disguise and was left in a shirt and blue jeans that were skin tight. He turned and got a good look at me. This fellow nearly bounced off the walls trying to get away. 
He was stringy so I manhandled him easily, even as busted up as I was. All the while Jenn kept telling him things like, “We’re just here to talk.” That did no good, so I slapped him around until he stopped trying to get away. He calmed down enough for me to let him go. I sat him down and he tried not to make eye contact with me. 
“Bum a smoke?” he said and motioned for a cigarette. I tossed him one and then a light. “What do you want, bro?”
“Victor, right?” I said. He nodded. “Talk to me about the night of Giovanni’s murder.”
“You a cop?” he asked. I shook my head. “Why then? They got the killer already. I saw it in the news.”
“You were there that night, not Craig Deluxe,” I said. “Lady Chris, China Skynne, and Nadia Faber told me so.”
Sheer terror bleached his face. I wondered which one of the names frightened him most.
“They know I’m here?” he said slowly.
“Lady Chris sent me.”
“She still cares about you, Victor,” said Jenn.
Victor let out an effeminate chuckle and his forehead grew beads of sweat. “She knows I’m here...” he said. “You gonna whack me, bro?”
“We’re not here to kill anyone, just talk. What happened that night?” I said.
“You’ll think I’m crazy...” He fidgeted some more while smoking. 
“Try me,” I said. “Why film the pornographic movie in the motel room? Why not one of those big houses Painter owns?”
He looked at me with fear in his eyes. “Danny was angry that we hadn’t brought him anything in weeks. We used up his houses, his drinks, his money, but Gio and Maria wouldn’t shoot the scenes he wanted,” said Victor. “They were playful like that. But Danny paid for the motel room and told us he’d cut us loose if we didn’t bring him anything.”
“What happened next?”
“We were shooting a scene in which Maria played a tenant who couldn’t pay rent--”
“Skip the details and get to the part where Giovanni gets murdered. Who did it?” I said.
His breathing became noticeably strained. He swallowed hard and said, “It was a monster. It was...it was el Chupacabras, bro! I barely got away while he was killing Giovanni and Maria...”  
What he said made no sense, like China’s account. Jenn giggled and I couldn’t blame her. He was no good as a witness. 
“Are you like him?” Victor said in a whisper.
“Like the killer or like Giovanni?” I said.
He was hesitant. “Gio. Your eyes remind me of his,” he said. “Intense!” I nodded and urged him on. “The way he looked at you made you feel special. But he could change and talk like a prophet. If he talked to you long enough he could make you believe anything. He was something else, bro. Stupid me, I thought all that weird stuff he was into was nonsense.”
“What weird stuff?”
“Like he would have me shoot scenes with him and Maria without telling Danny, but they would cover themselves in markings. Sometimes he would have me shoot them in the desert and they would cut each other with razors while having sex and drinking each other’s blood. Weird things they copied from this magic book,” he said. “Pura brujeria.”
A book of enchantments and blood rituals. I began to understand things better and said, “Did they use the necklace?” 
“What necklace?” he said and his cigarette ashes fell to the ground.
“Nadia’s necklace. The one you’re supposed to have. Do you have it?” I said.
Victor became fidgety again. “Nah, bro,” he said and he almost buried his hands in his pockets, but at the last moment remembered the lit cigarette.
“Try again,” I said. He wouldn’t look at me and it was as good a confirmation as any. “Did he ever tell you why they did those rituals?” 
“No...” 
I wanted to jam my gun into his mouth for lying. “Did he know Mercutio? Work with him?”
He thought a moment. “In passing. I think Gio knew who Mercutio was,” he said.
I twisted my head and knitted my brows together. “Was? How did you know he’s dead?”
“My bad, bro,” he said and chuckled again. “I’m a little high.” I wished the people involved with this case had a poker game somewhere. The dough I could make off of them and their poor poker faces would be enough to retire me. If I had still been alive.
“But you do know of the necklace?” I said.
Reluctantly he said, “Yeah.”
“Why does Nadia want that necklace back so badly?” I said.
He shrugged. “Expensive, I think.”
Another lie. Lie. Lie. Lie. I grabbed his collar and brought him closer. “Maybe Lady Chris should ask you. He’s a little more persuasive than I am,” I said and let him get a gander at my ear, which he stared at with eyes bulged open. 
“Nah, bro! Don’t!” he said.
“Why are you afraid of Lady Chris?”
“Adams, come on,” said Jenn. 
“You think I like getting my ear sliced open? Having some nut put a shotgun to my face?” I told Victor. “Talk! Do you have the necklace?”
“Yeah...” he said, shying away from me. “But you can’t have it. I swore I wouldn’t give it up.” I didn’t need it right away so I let him keep it.
“Why are you afraid of Lady Chris?” 
He looked up at me like I had just hit his dear old momma. “I’m not afraid of him!” he said, his voice armored in steel. “Call him...her...we’ll deal with this now. It has to be tonight.”
“Why tonight?” I said, but he didn’t answer. I gave up. “Call Lady Chris,” I said to Jenn.
She did, but before we went outside, we prepared a few things. 





Chapter 22:
9:00 PM




All parties involved called for a neutral location to meet. Jenn suggested the parking lot of a local drug store, called a CVS. The one she had in mind was north-east along Santa Monica Boulevard, half a mile away from 12. We arrived first in Jenn’s car. Victor rode in another car with several of the beefy men from the nightclub and the bartender. I told the beefy men to back off and hide nearby. 
Honesty, I wished the parking lot hadn’t been what it was. There were only a few other cars and it was underground. The familiar smell of urine hit me. In a corner I spotted a bird in a torn set of clothes and too long beard relieving himself.  
“What do you think’ll happen?” said Jenn.
“Nothing good. Stay in the car and keep it running,” I said. 
“What if I don’t want to?” she said.
“You’ve been good so far, don’t ruin the image I have of you in my head, sweetheart,” I said. She started breathing heavy, probably angry. “No arguing. It’s for your own good and mine. We might need to rush off in a flash.”
“Fine,” she said and went back in her car.
“He won’t gun us down in plain sight,” said Victor. He was less effeminate now, his features were somber. 
“Why doesn’t Painter want anyone to know he auditioned Maria?” I said. It was a cheap shot, but maybe he would actually tell me for once. 
“You friends with Danny? Why do you care about that?” he said with an air of suspicion. He sank his hands into his coat pockets. “Did you ask Chris?” 
“Sure. And he said he would tell me after I got the necklace,” I said. “You got it?”
He nodded and pulled out a necklace with a delicate chain. The pendant was silver like the moon, and rustic. This thing was imperfectly round, like a tear drop, and ancient, weather beaten. I looked it over with the magnifying glass and it nearly blinded me. So instead, I examined it with my hands and eyes. It had a rough texture and its metal was shiny, like the old coins one might keep in their pockets. On one side was a crude drawing of a faceless, nude woman, her arms raised upwards in a crescent and the moon was above her. The Mother.
“What is this?” I said and rubbed it between my finger and thumb. It was warm like something left in a car during a Los Angeles summer day.
Before Victor could answer, two cars pulled into the parking lot. Driving one was Lady Chris. Tina was on the passenger seat. The other car tried to conceal the fact that it was with Lady Chris by pulling off into the shadows. But it was too late. It was the same car that had gunned down Harry. Things began to add up in my head and I understood why Victor was afraid of Lady Chris and why I should be too. 
Lady Chris and Tina were more conservative now in jeans and unpadded shirts. Chris still wore jewelry and the hints of make up while Tina had his hair in a ponytail and looked like the proper college student. Chris walked up to us while Tina sat on the hood of their car.
“Hey, baby,” said Lady Chris to Victor. “Got something for me, Adams?” He laughed and put out his hand. 
I pulled out a necklace from my pocket and handed it to him. It was a different necklace, one the staff at 12 had been happy to provide for Victor’s sake. Chris quickly looked at it and then put it away. By this time Jenn had wandered over to me and put her hand on my shoulder. She had probably seen the car and was wondering if I had too. 
“Why doesn’t Painter want anyone to know he auditioned Maria?” I said.
Tina clapped and said, “He’s persistent!”
“He didn’t tell you?” said Lady Chris and eyed Victor. “Maria wasn’t a woman. He was born a man and doctors made him into a woman. His real name was Mario Estrada.”
My first thought was that this couldn’t be right. The case file should have mentioned something of the sort. Just talking to Maria’s parents would have brought that out. And then I remembered there were no statements from the parents. And the information about Maria was superficial.
I turned to Jenn. “Can they really do that?” 
She nodded. I thought back to the photographs of Maria Esperanza. She had... He had been a beautiful replica of a woman. My head began to ache as I remembered reading of such operations being performed somewhere in Europe. But even with that, I couldn’t fathom that the end results could be so realistic. It made sense though. Painter, a macho man, may not have known about Maria until after the fact. Maybe Chucky Lee had told Painter all about it and it had enraged him even more. It explained what Maria was doing with Ulrichs. He had probably been counseling her after the operation. It all fit snug. 
“That’s not why, Chris, and you know it!” said Victor. “Danny was fine with it!”
“Shut up, Vic!” said Lady Chris. 
“You more loyal to Danny Painter?” said Victor. “Is that why you got them with you?” He pointed at the car with the darkened windows. 
When he did this, the car with the darkened windows turned on its lights and slowly crept towards us. Lady Chris stewed in his own juices.
“What’s the real reason, then?” I said.
“Danny was wasted that night at the party. He didn’t just audition Maria. She and Gio auditioned him. Together. And Danny thought he had screwed only Maria until Chucky showed him the video,” said Victor. “He couldn’t handle looking gay.” There was a little triumph in his eyes and rage.
“Shut up!” said Lady Chris. “Get in my car and we can talk about it later!”
“No! I’m tired of hiding from you and him,” said Victor and pulled out a trembling hand from his sweater’s pocket. In it was a silver plated automatic pistol, a tiny thing. “Why did you stab Maria and Gio in the back?”
“Baby...” said Lady Chris. Tina screamed when Victor raised the gun and pointed it at Chris. “You’re right! I did Maria and Gio wrong. But I’m gonna make up for it. Promise.”
“Don’t lie to me...” said Victor.
“It’s true! I let him live and he’s gonna get whoever killed them!” said Lady Chris.
“It was Danny!” said Victor. 
“Tell him!” said Lady Chris to me. “Tell him Gio was special and Danny couldn’t have done it!”
“He’s got a point,” I said to Victor. “You know he wasn’t from around here.”
“You don’t know what’s going on,” said Victor. He pulled back the hammer of the gun. 
No I didn’t and I wished he would have said more. I saw Victor’s crew turn on their headlights and head towards us too. By now the car with the darkened windows had started to honk its horn and Lady Chris put out his hand, which stopped them.
“Why did you do it?” said Victor. “Danny I didn’t trust and neither did they. But you... How could you?” He was in tears now. His hand steadied and fired a shot into Lady Chris’ abdomen.
“Baby...” said Lady Chris and held his stomach. Tina screamed and screamed. But Chris still held out his hand, stopping the car with the darkened windows. “You idiot! They’ll come kill you if I’m not here!”
“Why, Chris?” said Victor and he sobbed a little. “They loved you...” He shot Chris in the shoulder.
Lady Chris collapsed and Tina drove off in a mad fury of screeching tires. The car with the darkened windows screeched towards us too. But the car with Victor’s people slammed into its rear, sending it into a spin. The machine gun barrels came out again. I pulled out my gun and pushed Jenn towards her car.
“Meet me at 12!” I said. 
She stared at me with disbelief but she nodded and drove away. The machine guns went off, pummeling Victor’s crew. Someone in the other car must have been alive still because they popped off a volley of bullets into the car with the darkened windows. There were screams and the machine guns went off again.
Victor hovered over Lady Chris with the gun pointed at the fallen man’s head. 
“Why?” said Victor. “Why!”
“They left me alone with Painter and Marr...” said Lady Chris and in a rage added, “I’m not strong enough to take on them both, okay? So, I played along. I’m sorry! I had to look out for me. For us!”
“You should have been stronger,” said Victor. There was nothing effeminate about him then.
Lady Chris spat out blood and began to sob. “Do you think they’ll forgive me?” he said and Victor shot him in the head. 
“We have to go!” I said to Victor. 
Victor didn’t listen and stood there transfixed by the body as the car with the darkened windows sped towards us, the machine gun barrels still out. I gripped Victor’s collar and I dragged him up towards the entrance of the lot. Out in the open, I hoped those crazy birds would just drive away. But when we reached the open traffic of Santa Monica Boulevard, they did the opposite. 
They plowed into Victor, tossing him aside like a doll in the middle of the street; I had gone along with him, but he got the worst of it. The idiot hadn’t bothered to move, like he wanted the thing to hit him. I got up and dragged Victor to the sidewalk. The silver car stirred up traffic by driving on the wrong side of the street and then circling around. 
It aimed towards me. I got in a shooter’s stance and pointed the pistol at it. Tires drew smoke as it accelerated towards me. Other cars crashed into one another trying to dodge it, some successfully, some not. I squeezed the trigger. The shot went through its windshield, leaving a nice hole there. 
The Thunderbolt bullet didn’t slow it down, but I didn’t move. The silver car got to about ten yards from me before it happened. The night sky opened up and a long finger of lightning descended, targeting the bullet in the car. Natural lightning would just roll off the vehicle because of the metal frame, but this was mystical lightning with one purpose: To destroy. There was a thunderous explosion as lightning struck the silver car, flipping it over on its head.  
Mayhem. Dozens of people ditched their cars and ran away from the street. I rushed to the destroyed car with my pistol out and looked over the wreckage. One man crawled out. It was Benvolio with thick shards of glass sticking out of his neck and chest. He looked at me with stunned silence and then collapsed. Everyone else in the car was no more. 
“Hey!” said Victor. He had propped himself against another car, but he had blood coming out of his mouth. One of his legs was in a twisted angle and he held his ribs.
I ran back to him. He wasn’t in the best shape but he was alive. Around us, the staff of the drugstore and other curious eyes had gathered. Victor still had the gun so these folks kept their distance.
“Hang on,” I said to him. “I’m sure one of these people called an ambulance.”
He smiled and dug out the necklace and offered it to me. “Take it. Your burden now,” he said. His eyes were so disillusioned that I felt sorry for the guy. 
“What is it?” I said.
“Magical... Gio said so. He would wear it whenever they did the blood rituals,” he said. 
“He wore it?” I said confused. “What was he trying to do?”
“Gio was a good guy,” he said. “He was trying so hard to stop the bad guys.”
“Stop who from doing what?” I said.
“The people he had been working with. I never knew who. Tonight. It’s going to happen tonight,” he said in a panic and dug into his pockets. “You have to stop it. Gio said four things are going to happen tonight. Two already happened.” He gave me a crumpled piece of paper. 
I looked over the beautiful handwriting on the paper. Legible were three names; Mercutio, and two others I didn’t recognize. The names had times written next to them. I didn’t make sense of the list. 
“You mean these two other people are going to die like Mercutio? What was the first thing?” He cringed in pain and I tried to prop him up. “Stay with me, pal. Come on.”
Victor took a series of deep breaths and steadied himself. “Gio’s death was the first thing.” He smiled and began to convulse. “That other dude was the original target before they found out Gio wanted to stop them,” said Victor.
“So there’ll be another murder. That’s three. What’s the fourth thing?”
“I don’t know,” he said. “He talked about a man he called the Destroyer. His coming would end the world as we know it.”
That disturbed me. All I needed now was talk of four horsemen or something. “His father,” I said. “Why not tell his father to help him stop it? He’s more powerful than Giovanni.”
“I don’t know. But I think it was because his father wanted nothing to do with him after he started hanging out with Maria. He cut him off completely, no cash, nothing,” said Victor. 
Down the street I could hear the sirens of police cars. An ambulance came into the parking lot. He stared at it like a convict staring at the electric chair. The ambulance boys rushed to Lady Chris first and I expected them to pull him out with a sheet over his face, but no. Chris was still in the Realm of the Living. 
When they went to Victor, I put the necklace away and started walking back to 12. People urged me to stay until the police arrived, but fat chance of that. The list was warm in my pocket and the implication in the names. 
I pulled it out for a moment and admired the handwriting. The earliest time was probably for the target that Giovanni had replaced, but it was odd that it was supposed to have taken place at midnight, ten hours earlier, not two weeks ago. The time of Mercutio’s death was there too. Whoever was responsible was right on schedule with that hit. The next target would get it right before midnight tonight.
When I was out of sight of the drugstore, I sped walked and then ran. Most streets were alive with men and women, and dead with homeless faces lost in dark corners, and dangerous because of the drug pushers and prostitutes. I found Jenn after searching for her near 12. 
“Drive,” I said. It was a firm command she didn’t question.
A block away she said, “What happened?” and I told her about the necklace and Ben being in the car with the darkened windows. She wanted to know if there was more to the revelation about Painter, but I said no. “Really? That was it? Painter was gang raped by the two...that’s what we almost died to find out?”
I shared her frustration. How long had I been after that fact about Painter? Since the time I had spoken to Craig Deluxe. The information had no relevance to the case, except that it explained an unsolved murder and odd behavior. And with the things Victor had said, much of what I had gathered so far also seemed irrelevant. 
A sense of anxiety began to haunt me. Outside my windows lights became blurs and people less than shadows. What if this was all some elaborate ploy by the Abstract Realm to test me? This case with its many twists and turns, some which turned on themselves, was like the impossible cases the Enigma had created for me. But no. This world was too elaborate. The desperation was too human. The love was too warm. The Enigma’s scenarios lacked all of that. 
There were two possibilities left. Either the case was so complex, so out of the ordinary that it would take a superior mind to encompass it, to solve it. Or...
“Yes,” I said and smiled. “That makes more sense.” 
“What?” said Jenn. 
“Someone’s been giving me false leads,” I said.
When she was safely away from the latest shooting, I dug out the paper and asked her to park. The third name read, “Roderigo (Rod) Anderson.”
“It’s time I call the Committee so they can bring in the heavy hitters,” I said. “But first I want to know who this cat is.” I explained the list and the times.
She pulled out the compact telephone. “What’s the name? I’ll google it.”
I didn’t know what that meant but I trusted her. “Roderigo Anderson,” I said. 
She typed a few keys and waited. “Nothing. There’s something about Shakespeare but I don’t think that’s what you want.” 
I thought this over and suggested she input the shortened name, Rod. She typed into the tiny keyboard on the device again. She frowned and said, “There’s a dozen million hits.”
“I don’t know what you’re saying.”
She rolled her eyes. “Many people have that name. Is there any other information I could use to track down the right one?”
I snapped my finger. “The victim would have to be nearby. My gut tells me the killer is moving around like we are,” I said. “Rod Anderson is probably seedy too. Maybe another Adult film actor involved with Painter’s production company.”
She typed this new information and her eyebrow went up. “Here,” she said and showed me the small screen on the device. There was a photograph of a colored man, erect and muscular, in a police uniform. “Lieutenant Detective Rod Anderson of the Hollywood Police Station. His name comes up when you search it with Daniel Painter’s name. He’s in charge of Giovanni Dixon’s murder investigation.”
“Anyone else?” I said. A cop didn’t fit the mold of a Pit lordling. 
“No one,” she said. “It can’t be a coincidence...”
“No,” I said. 
“So what does it mean that he’s a cop?”
“Bad news,” I said. “They’re going after the son of an Enforcer.” I hit the door. “Get me to a bathroom, a mirror.”




Chapter 23:
10:00 PM




“Maybe he’s a dirty cop,” said Jenn. Her driving had become considerably more erratic the darker the night became. 
“Just the job of a law enforcer would be undesirable to a Pit lordling’s family,” I said. “But maybe we’re wrong and this isn’t even the cat we want.”
She laughed. “You keep saying ‘cat’...”
“How’s that funny, kid?” I said.
“Dude, listen to yourself.” She laughed again. I shrugged like it didn’t matter, but it annoyed me whenever she said I was some kind of cliché. 
Hollywood again. It had come to life in a new way, oblivious to the crimes committed by powers they wouldn’t understand. Jenn would have fit right in with them. I noticed she eyed them too and I wondered if she had second thoughts about coming along. Part of me wanted her to become lost in the crowd, ignorant to what she had seen. But even then she would still know of the supernatural. 
Without really saying much, I got out of the car and asked her to watch the gas station bathroom door in case anyone else wandered over to it. Inside, the smell of feces and vomit was so strong I was tempted to hold my breath. The mirror was filthy too with smudged fingerprints and what I guessed was blood or some other bodily fluid. But it had not a crack on it. 
I wet my finger and put it to the glass, but on contact the surface shattered into a hundred pieces. That bothered me and I left that bathroom and went into the female bathroom and tried again. The mirror cracked the same way on contact. I looked at my finger as if the answer was there. A cigarette comforted me as I thought about it.
They were watching me. The people responsible for this whole mess were keeping close tabs on me. There was a sense of triumph in that. If I was important enough to use this type of enchantment on, then I was onto something they didn’t want me near. Sadly, this also made me suspicious of everyone. 
I left the gas station bathroom and hoped whoever was after me would at least let me travel. Jenn eyed me when I sat down and said nothing. More than likely the culprits had been listening all along. That was a sour thought since I shared everything I had with Harry and Jenn. 
“What’s up?” she said.
“We’re on our own,” I said. There was no point in playing dumb. If they had heard everything then they knew I would want to contact Lieutenant Anderson. I told Jenn where to go and she stared at me like I had lost my mind. There was only one way to talk to a copper, err, cop: Go to one of their clubhouses. She shook her head and drove on. 





Chapter 24:
10:23 PM




I remembered how Harry had come out of that door almost twelve hours earlier with the case file in hand. He might have helped with the cracking mirrors, but I wasn’t going to let him and me down. Outside of the station, there was a flurry of activity. Police cars came in and out in a hurry, their sirens going off as they drove away. I was a little guilty since it was in no small part thanks to me that several people were dead.
“So you’re just gonna walk in there?” said Jenn. “And tell them what? ‘Hi, I’m a dead P.I. and I wondered if you’ll let me talk to Lieutenant Anderson so a monster doesn’t kill him and steal his soul.’”
She made me laugh. “They’ll want to talk to me. I’m a desired party.” I didn’t want to explain any further with someone listening. “Here,” I said and let her have my revolver. “Don’t come in with it unless you hear something unnatural.”
“Like the monster Victor was talking about?” she said.
“Exactly,” I said and got out. I glanced back and she had placed the gun on the passenger seat and covered it with her purse. 
A few of the boys in uniform eyed me as I walked up to the sergeant at the front desk. He looked me over and said, “Let me guess, you got mugged and wanna report it?”
I pulled out a cigarette and shook my head. I lit it and said, “I know who shot Officer Connor Brogan.”
That stunned him and for a queer second he tried to do several things at once. He called a few other cops while trying to get my basic information and handling telephone calls. One of them was the snoop who had asked Harry what I was doing in his police car. 
“Yeah, that’s the guy,” said the snoop and proceeded to describe what had gone on earlier. He’d make a fine detective one day.
They escorted me to an “interview” room with a piece of paper. I was supposed to scribble down my version of events. There was no hiding where I was, an interrogation room. The dicks were going to work me over until I sang the tune they wanted. But I had other plans. So when the two detectives assigned to the Brogan shooting came into the room, I offered them a blank piece of paper. 
“We wanted you to write what happened, Mr. Adams,” said one of them and offered the paper back to me.
“Mr. Raymond Adams, we’re going to conduct an interview that’ll be recorded,” said a bulky cop with a crew cut. He had his hands wrapped around a mug of coffee and offered me a cup.
“Not yet,” I said.
“Let’s start with your name, sir. Raymond Adams, and your occupation, a private investigator,” said one of them. “Do you have your license?” This one was a bald headed fellow, a few inches shorter than me. He chewed a piece of gum with the intensity of a prostitute trying to finish off a difficult client. 
I patted my pockets and said, “I forgot it at home.”
This didn’t please the cop with the bald head. In between chews he said, “Do you have any form of identification? The date of your birth you gave us can’t be right.”
“No,” I said. “But I know my own birthday.”
“So you were born in 1912?” said the bald cop and chewed and chewed on the gum. “That would make you over ninety years old. Come on. Do we look like idiots?”
“I want to talk to Lieutenant Rod Anderson,” I said and blew smoke in their faces.
“Raymond,” said the thick cop. “We’re only trying to find the truth for the sake of Officer Brogan. He’s a good guy. He didn’t deserve what he got.”
“Sure, sure. Cops don’t deserve that sort of thing,” I said. My tone must have been playful because the thick cop backed off. “I really believe that.”
The cop with the bald head rubbed it some before he came close to me, close enough for me to see the prickles of white in his mustache and that the gum he chewed was pink. 
“You look a little banged up, Raymond. Wanna tell me what happened?” he said.
“I’m clumsy,” I said and smiled. “I bump my head all the time. You should see me when I go out for drinks with friends.”
“It’ll be easier if you cooperate, Mr. Adams,” said the other cop, the nice one. I knew this routine and they didn’t play it well. There was too much restraint in their actions that was no doubt the result of the video camera recording their every move.
“We know you two were working this case,” said the angry cop chewing the gum. He slapped the old case file of Giovanni’s murder on the table. It was torn, with sprinkles of Officer Brogan’s blood on its pages. “I know Officer Brogan. He’s ambitious in a bad way. Looks to me like you gave him a lead and he went alone to check it out.”
“That must be it! You gentlemen are too smart for my own good. All the pieces look in place to me,” I said.
“So you did give him a lead,” said the nice cop. “Who shot him?”
“I’ll tell that to the Lieutenant, if you don’t mind,” I said. I noticed he glanced back to the wall of glass behind us. They were watching us. “Tell the Lieutenant I have information that pertains to his safety.”
“What?” said the angry cop and the gum flew out of his mouth and bounced on the table. “Did you just make a threat?”
I turned around and faced the mirror. “They’re coming for you, Lieutenant,” I said. “We need to talk before that happens.”
“Sit down!” said the angry cop and tried to handle me. 
I slipped away from him and moistened my finger. I started to draw the communication rune on the see-through glass. It shattered before I could finish the rune. 
“What the hell did you just do?” said the nice cop, an automatic pistol in his hand.
The other cop had gripped me by then. It took no effort to slam me against the table. New aches came over my face. The cold steel of handcuffs wrapped around my wrists. 
“You’re under arrest!” said the angry cop. But before he could finish speaking, a voice came from the loudspeaker in the room. 
“Harold, Dennis,” said the voice. “Give me a second and I’ll be right there.”
The door to the interview room opened and the Lieutenant stood there, menacing with rage, his silver eyes trained on me. He was just a few inches shorter than Frank Marr. 
“Uncuff him,” said the Lieutenant.
The angry cop did that and let me stand up. I pulled out the magnifying glass, which sent the two detectives in an uproar and looked Rod Anderson over. He was the one. The part of his soul that was celestial-made shone apart from its human half. 
“It’s nice to meet you, Roderigo,” I said. 
“Leave me alone with him,” said Anderson.
“Come on, Lieutenant, it’s our case!” said the angry cop.
I felt bad for the two detectives. They had just been doing their job, even if my head ached. So I threw them a little help. “They might wanna have ballistics match up the bullets from the Brogan shooting to the shooting that took place at a nearby CVS around 9:40 tonight,” I said and gave him a rough address.
The two detectives looked at me and then at Anderson. “You heard him,” said Anderson. “Get forensics on it.”
“He’s not all there, Lieutenant,” said the thick cop. “You sure you want us to leave you alone with him?”
“It’s alright,” said Anderson. “I got this.”
They left me alone with the lieutenant. He sat down and stared at my eyes. He didn’t flinch at all. 
“Any chance we can go to your office?” I said and shrugged towards the shattered mirror. I had a feeling he wouldn’t want anyone to know about his other life.
“In a minute,” he said. He surprised me by putting down a few pages on the table. “Why did you tear off those pages from the Giovanni Dixon case file?” 
I looked over the pages. They included statements from Maria’s parents that confirmed that he had been born a man. And a statement from Nadia, the one she had mentioned. Current Addresses for Victor, Maria, and Giovanni were there too. All that along with several pages of information I didn’t understand then. It was a treasure trove of insight. 
“I’m a little curious about that too,” I said. But the information there didn’t matter. “They’re coming after you.”
“Who?”
“We need to talk in private,” I said. 
He glanced at the mirror and said, “That ends this interview. This is not a person of interest,” he said. “I’m taking him along with me to verify the information he gave to Detectives Harold and Dennis.” He motioned for me to follow him.





Chapter 25:
11:00 PM




The office had neatly arranged book shelves filled with information about criminal activity. A photo of Anderson from his days in the police academy hung from a wall along with certificates. His desk had a computer with a white set of keys. There was so much scattered paperwork around the machine that it was impossible to make sense of it. One thing stood out, books about the occult. They were the kinds of silly things you could pick up at any book store. 
“The desk is a mess but I know where everything is,” he said. 
The good Lieutenant had the decency to bring us a couple of cups of coffee, which I drank greedily. I was hungry and the chunks of food I had grabbed at 12 were a memory. I chased the coffee with a cigarette and I sat there with the Lieutenant looking at me. A half dozen of his men had wandered over to his office, trying to speak to me so I might give them more information. The bodies they had found at the CVS drug store had created a frenzy of activity.
“The captain’s with Officer Brogan at the hospital. He’ll be here in a few to tear me a new asshole. So before he does that, wanna tell me what this is about?” said Anderson in a voice too calm for the occasion. “The world’s going to Hell it seems. We have Triads shooting up cops. I got three cars looking like Swiss cheese, one of them blown up to pieces. Talk to me.”
“I don’t know what’s going on exactly, but I do know that you’re part of it,” I said. I pulled out the list and showed it to him. 
He wasn’t impressed and handed it back to me. “So what? Names and times. My name is coming up. Who’s behind it?”
“A supernatural power,” I said. 
“You mean like the occult?” he said, this time with genuine curiosity. 
“How much do you know about your father?”
He shifted in his seat. “I was raised in an orphanage. No one ever adopted me,” he said. “When I was old enough, I started poking around. I looked up my momma and found her in a convent, you know. Wouldn’t even speak to me. I never did find my father. Thanks to the Boy’s Club, my life got somewhere.”
“But you do have clues, right? Otherwise, what I did with the mirror back there wouldn’t have impressed you.”
His face became softer. “I have these weird dreams...they start out with me here, but I see myself floating up, up into the clouds. And my father’s up there, but I can’t see his face.”
“Nothing else?” I said. I had expected his father to have contacted him and explained all this himself. But then that was why he was a target. His loose ties to his father made him easy to pick apart.
“I’m stronger than all of my friends and faster--” He took a coin in his hand and bent it to a ninety degree angle. “See? Nobody else can do that. And when I get an adrenaline rush, forget it. I’m Surperman. Nobody comes near me when I got the rock in hand. Could’ve been a baller.”
“A what?” I said.
“Basketball player, professional,” he said.
I nodded and made a comment about how it was great that they now allowed colored players into the sport. His lips shut tight. 
“Not from around here, huh?” he said. He explained that using the word ‘colored’ to describe someone of his race was a good way to, as he put it, “get bitch slapped.” 
I instinctively steered the conversation in a different direction. 
“You didn’t become a basketball player because you’ve always had this deep need to do right,” I said.
He nodded and his face relaxed. “Yeah. Even when all my friends were getting into gangs and drugs, I couldn’t. My coach in highschool said I should focus on b-ball, but it wasn’t right, you know? It’s like I’m programmed to do this,” he said and opened his arms wide to encompass the whole department. “Who’s my father?” His voice had the desperation of a child trying to know.
“He’s a member of a race of celestial beings who have control over everything in the universe,” I said. “He’s part of a subgroup called the Enforcers. They make sure other celestials follow the laws.”
He clapped and laughed. “A cop! I’ll be damned,” he said with a proud grin. “Yeah.” Concern grew in his face. “Why do they want me dead? Is it to get back at him?”
“I don’t know. I think I do, but it’s too fuzzy still. Two other people like yourself got it already. It’s all part of someone’s master plan,” I said. 
“Giovanni Dixon,” he said in a snap. “That other porn actor, Mercutio?” I nodded. It was always a pleasure to watch a quick mind at work. “We caught the suspect at the second crime scene. Red handed, you can say.”
“Craig Deluxe didn’t kill them. He wouldn’t have been able to,” I said. “Giovanni was just like you. Think one of your friends could kill you?” 
He shook his head. “How about we get my pops on this too? I wouldn’t mind working alongside the old man on a case,” he said. 
There was a small mirror discarded on his desk and I tried to draw the communication rune on it. The thing cracked like the others. 
“I tried calling the big people for help but the culprits won’t even let me do that.”
“Would have been nice.” His smile disappeared and disappointment took its place. “And yet they let you come here to warn me? Doesn’t make sense,” he said. I smiled. “What?”
“Isn’t it obvious? Without the help of the celestials, they don’t think I can do a damn thing to stop them from getting to you,” I said.
That thought disturbed him, I could see it in his regal face. He was actually a handsome man up close. The glint of the celestial was in his bronze skin and too-square jaw. I actually felt sorry that someone was going to kill him.
“What else?” he said.
“They’re also going to steal your soul,” I said and smoked the last of my cigarette.
He half chuckled. “You’re not kidding?”
I shook my head. He started to say something but stood up and opened his door. There was a commotion outside. Uniformed officers set off in a rush. Some detectives got their things ready too. Anderson gripped one of them.
“What’s going on?” he said.
“Some bikers just went nuts inside a Starbucks. They shot two and then went to the strip and shot a few more,” said one of the detectives. 
“Dispatch is going crazy! There’s more of them bikers burning up homes in Beverly Hills,” said another detective after putting down a phone. 
“They’re trying to copy Devil’s Night,” said someone else.
“Shut up about that!” said Anderson. He turned to me. 
“Yes. They’re related,” I said. Marr had sent his boys out on the town. “It’s a distraction. If I were you, I would keep as many guns here as possible and I would ask for support from the other stations around.”
“Call up the sheriffs and ask them to send anyone they can spare over here!” said Anderson to one man. “Call the captain and get him to call in the reserve strength. Tell him Lieutenant Anderson requested it!” he said to another man. They all went into action.
While Anderson gathered a shotgun, some shells, and a protective vest, I walked out of his office and towards the exit. Fortunately, Jenn had noticed the burst of activity. She was in the doorway with my gun in her purse. 
Behind her, walking casually as you please was Benvolio, minus those bloody holes he had worn so well earlier. He had on a simple hooded robe now and there was glee on his face.
“You’re supposed to be dead,” I said.
“I can say the same of you, friend,” he said in that thick accent. “But we are not always as we seem in the light.”
I looked him over with the magnifying glass. Like before, his soul was still thick with impurities, but these had transformed. The Destructive Impurities flowed somehow, a viscous substance like petroleum, changing the makeup of his soul; it let off angry slivers of energy that fell everywhere he went like mist. The trail was just like the trail of taboo energy at the other crime scenes. All along I had thought the killer had used the rooftops, but since Benvolio was near invincible it seemed, he had just jumped and met his drivers. What was he?
Benvolio threw off his hood as he walked further into the station. With each step he took, there were explosions here and there as electrical gadgets, the ones meant to record his image, blew apart. He eyed me with a strange smile.
Victor’s words haunted me. The Destroyer had come. This was bad, bad. I pushed Jenn back towards the station. Benvolio was on a league far above my own and I wasn’t stupid enough to try and tackle him alone. It was time for the cavalry to come. I tried to speak Michael’s true name, but some invisible force choked me, making it impossible to pronounce the mystic syllables. I tried Lucifer’s name next but got the same. Of course, these people had thought of everything. It was up to me to stop old Ben.
The pistol was in my hand and this made the cops running around go nuts. Only Anderson could stop them from tackling me.
“Him!” I said and pointed at the too cool Benvolio. “That’s the assassin!”
“Stop!” said Anderson and pointed the shotgun at Benvolio. Other detectives came by and so did a few officers in uniform. 
They all had their weapons pointed at Benvolio, ready to put him down. But Benvolio kept walking. A few more commands were shouted and then an explosion of bullets. The wiry frame of Benvolio folded over and fell. Cops rushed to him. And then the lights went out. The men who had gone after Benvolio’s body shouted words at one another. A great animal growl quieted them down. And then the screams began. Their guns went off in the dark and I got glimpses of something jumping on them and pinning them down. This thing let off terrible roars as it attacked.
A minute later there was no more screaming. No more guns going off. No more animal sounds. Silence.  I felt it, the forbidden stench that made me feel dirty, sinful. It was everywhere now.
“What the hell was that, Ray?” said Jenn and placed a strangle hold on my arm. I shushed her down and tried to pry her nails off me.
The lights flickered on again and then flickered off. They repeated this pattern. No one moved. All guns pointed in the general direction of where Benvolio’s body had been. And we were all tense. The guttural purring of a big creature came from places we couldn’t see. 
“Oh my god!” said Jenn and pointed at one of the desks in the distance. 
I only caught a glimpse of it coming out of the shadows underneath the desk. It had black and slimy skin, eyes blood red, a tail, and a prehistoric set of pointed teeth. This thing had the body of a canine, about the size of an above-average Great Dane, but it moved like a cat. I could see why China Skynne had thought it was a werewolf; she must have got a glimpse of Ben transforming.
The creature leapt upward and landed on all fours. The cops shot at it again but it didn’t stop. Hell, it moved so fast I thought they had been lucky to hit it at all. A few more leaps and it snatched one cop by the neck with a gruesome bite and dragged him into the shadows. The poor sap’s screams stopped shortly after. 
I tried to aim at it whenever it came out, but it was difficult to do because of the flickering lights and its blurring speed. The others fared no better. I retreated with Jenn and Anderson to his office. One by one, the creature popped out and snatched the other cops away. When it finished with the rest, it circled around the desks and growled. It got tired of this and crushed the furniture with those long teeth.
With my gun in hand I ran to meet it, but Anderson, that stupid fool, stopped me and tossed me back inside with Jenn. He went out instead. The lordling and the beast collided against a wall, putting enormous dents on the surface. He was doing well for a lordling without much knowledge of his power, slamming it against desks and breaking them apart. But I wasn’t going to let Anderson go at it alone. I regained my bearing and ran out, but paused when the lordling had nearly beaten the thing to a pulp with echoing blows to its head. 
I foolishly thought it wasn’t much of an assassin. But in a snap it opened its jaws unnaturally wide to reveal a secondary mouth made of pungent black energy. My own soul stung when the creature bit the lordling’s soul, chomping on it, consuming it. 
Roderigo let off this god awful cry that made me want to break out in tears. He went down and it got on top of him. After a few seconds, the lordling stopped moving. In less than a minute. That was why Mercutio hadn’t called his father or used his other powers. The monster had played possum. 
I was in shock. Never had I heard even rumors of a creature that could eat a soul, much less a lordling’s soul. It seemed impossible. But the impossible turned to me and Jenn, who was next to me by then. 
She tugged at me, trying to get me to run away, but I knew there was no escaping that thing. I pushed her aside and stood very still. It was the only way to steady my aim. As the creature lunged forward I let him have a single shot to the head, knocking it sideways. An angry growl followed. It shook its head furiously and then stood up, bearing its teeth and growling some more.
“I don’t think it’s gonna die!” she said sheepishly. 
“Wait for it,” I said. 
The rumbling and the crack of thunder came. As the beast lunged towards me again, a bolt of lightning tore through the roof of the police station and found its target--the bullet lodged in its head. The thunderbolt finger tickled its cranium and whipped it into a wall with enough force to break through the building and into street traffic, creating a new door.  
I ran through the fresh hole and looked for the carcass. But no dice. In the street were mangled cars with their desperate occupants screaming. 
“Did you kill it?” said Jenn, when she caught up to me. 
“No.” 
With the magnifying glass in hand, I rushed back inside and inspected Anderson’s limp body. There were no traces of his soul anywhere. The creature had completely eaten it. I kneeled and closed his eyes. He died trying to save us, an Enforcer lordling to the end. The adrenaline rush went away and I was left with my failed investigation. The culprits weren’t taking the souls, they were destroying them. It was a crime against the Process and on a grander, more sinister level, against nature. 
The bodies of the fallen police officers littered the station and I wondered how long it had been since it was this quiet. They wouldn’t go unnoticed for too long. Someone would be here soon looking to avenge them. But I wanted to do something for Anderson. Maybe solving the case would be enough. I grabbed the missing pages of the case file. 
“Let’s get out of here!”
Before we got too far away, I made her stop at a fast food restaurant. I ran into the bathroom and tried to draw the communication rune. The glass didn’t shatter, as I had expected. They had succeeded and there was no further need to stall me. 
“Adams!” said the Angelus girl.
“I just witnessed another lordling being murdered,” I said. “His name was Roderigo Anderson. He was a Lieutenant--”
The Enforcer Prime stood up and said, “What? You speak the name of my son!”
“Are you sure?” said the Angelus girl.
“Tell us where it happened,” said an Enforcer. 
I told them where and the four Enforcers disappeared and reappeared moments later. The Enforcer Prime trembled with rage. 
“It is true,” said the Enforcer Prime. His hands were on the table, holding him up. He said, “This is clearly an act of vengeance...”
“The Pit Lords have gone too far!” said another Enforcer. 
The Pit Lords didn’t take this too well and started shouting accusations. 
“They didn’t do it!” I said.
“Quiet!” said the Angelus girl to the rest of the Committee and then turned to me. “Tell us all you saw.”
I explained things as best as I could, about the shattering glass and the list of names, carefully omitting the two celestials who had been helping me. But when I reached the part about the creature that ate the lordling’s soul, they stopped me. The Enforcers demanded proof, something to corroborate my story. The Pit Lords shouted insults at me and wanted to know if I truly thought them fools since the creature I had described didn’t exist. I tried to explain that I had seen the culprit at Marr’s Place but they were quick to remind me that I had earlier told them he had nothing to do with the crimes. And that was it for my credibility. They shouted more insults at me before they turned on one another.
It was utter chaos. They were in the middle of full blown shouting matches. Threats flew easy. The Pit Lords were on their feet and threatening military action. The Enforcers were the ones to quiet everything down at gunpoint, which further angered the Pit Lords and the Enigma. They stopped abruptly and turned to me.
“Your work in the Realm of the Living is done,” said the Enigma. 
“I do thank you for bringing me news of my son, Adams,” said the Enforcer Prime. That grave face of his had returned, but it was betrayed by the subtle hints of tears in his eyes. 
“We must give this more time!” said the Angelus girl. The other Angelus celestial agreed with her, but no one else did.
“It is done!” said an enraged Pit Lord. “Our united families will convene to determine what action we will take against the Enforcers. We will sponsor this investigation no more.” The four Pit Lords disappeared.
“Detective Adams,” said the Enigma with giant smiles on their faces. “You are to return to the Abstract Realm immediately.”
“No!” I said. “I’m not done.” I closed the channel and walked out. 
The night had become darker and the world lonelier. With Jenn next to me, we ran to the parking lot only to find it surrounded by four Enforcers.
“You must come with us,” said their collective voice.
“The hell I will!” I said and pulled out my gun, but it flew out of my hand and into the hand of one of the four. I tried to run, but they were in front of me. Their powerful grip kept me in place and for a second I thought that was it. 
And then, a hand appeared over the shoulder of one of the four Enforcers. It was Michael. He pummeled one and then another. His victims flew many feet away and crushed cars when they landed. My defender fought with a raw passion that gave him an edge. 
With the fight over, he came up to me. His celestial face was flushed. But there was something else there, concern.
“Look at me!” he said. “Look at me and tell me you can finish this in the time remaining!”
“I can,” I said, bearing the pain of looking him in the eyes.
He bit his lip and nodded. “Frank Marr,” he said. “Return there and put an end to it. I may even help you.”
“You’d put yourself at risk?”
“It doesn’t matter now. You saw the Committee. It’s about to fall apart unless I do something to stop this folly,” he said. “Here.” He offered me my gun back. “I can only keep them away from you for so long. If they ask the Executor to find you and he answers, there will be nothing I can do to stop them.”
“He doesn’t always answer?” I asked, forgetting the mess I was in.
He shook his head. “You truly are a curious fool,” he said. “Go on. We must both flee before they find them here.”
I ran with Jenn to the car and she hit the pedal so hard that the smell of burnt rubber followed us for miles. The missing pages from the case file were in my pocket and I dug them out. I wanted to see where Giovanni lived. But I also wanted to know what the necklace was.
“I hope Nadia didn’t leave,” I said.
“Why?”
“Because we’re going to pay her another visit,” I said. I was angry with Nadia. Maybe if she had been truthful, some of the men at the police station would still be alive. But as I pointed my finger at her in anger, it pointed right back to me.  





Chapter 26:
12:00 AM




Reading Nadia’s statement, I couldn’t help the frustration that congested my chest. She made no mention of Victor as the camera man. She did, however, talk about the necklace. It wasn’t in the effects the police had found on the victims and in the motel room. She left her address along with several telephone numbers she could be reached at in case they found it. 
And that wasn’t the only thing. There was a record of telephone calls she had made to telephone numbers that belonged to Maria and Giovanni. Their portable telephone numbers I assumed because she had even called them on the night of the murders. These records were the reason the cops had come across her in the first place. It was a desperate attempt to reach them. 
According to her, she had called to retrieve the necklace that for some reason or other they had neglected to return to her. It was a valuable antique she had loaned Maria and which she now needed back. She had wanted to send it to a jeweler to detail before the Winter Solstice ceremony the Sisters of Night performed annually. It was fishy but the detectives didn’t have time to question this before the others turned on Craig Deluxe.
“Think that’s a lie?” said Jenn.
“I think she really does want it back. She’s willing to sacrifice two lives to get it,” I said, and remembered the two private investigators hanging from Marr’s basement ceiling. “I don’t trust the reason.”
I had to stop Jenn at a gas station to eat something. My stomach had gone wild with only coffee in it. The hotdogs she bought me were the best I’d ever tasted and the soda pop wasn’t too bad either.  
The only drawback was that it made me sleepy. I kept fumbling with the radio to try and find a station that played upbeat music, but all I could find were odd sounds I couldn’t keep up with. 
“What’s wrong?” she said.
“I’m tired. Eating took it out of me,” I said.
“Are you serious?” she said and laughed. “After all we’ve been through...eating?”
She had a way of making me feel like a wuss. “It doesn’t help that it’s midnight and we’ve had a long day and I’m aching like a woman after childbirth,” I said. “Aren’t you feeling it?”
She shrugged the way she always did, so dismissive. “You haven’t had a long day until you go out with your friends to party and then go to work the next day!” she said and laughed.
Deer wandered onto the road that led to Nadia’s neighborhood. They weren’t hiding anymore. It was starting to cool down. Jack-O-lanterns were on many houses going up that hill, their fire-lit faces mocking me with their smiles. Some homes had more than that, scenes of Halloween fun, ghosts and goblins and mock spider-webs. But very few people were out. Not that I blamed them. With all that was going on in the city below them, these folks locked their doors and kept them that way until morning. 
I pounded on Nadia’s door until the peep slide opened and Nadia said, “If you’ve brought me more young ladies, I’m not interested.”
“I want to continue our discussion,” I said. 
“I’ve said all that I will to you.”
The wallet belonging to John Marshall was heavy in my pockets like sin so I pulled it out. I slapped it on the peeper and she got a good look at it. 
“What is this?” she said.
Her denial made my stomach turn. “I know about the necklace. You sacrificed two men to try and get it,” I said. My mouth pressed against the peeper. “Open this god dammed door now!”
“You’ll not take that tone with me!” she said. “I haven’t sacrificed anyone!”
“Tell them that. John Marshall and that other sap are hanging dead in Frank Marr’s basement,” I said.
She opened the door and gasped, my appearance probably. Her robe was a silky thing that revealed she had no underclothing beneath. She must have been cold because it showed through the silky material, like the tops of skyscrapers showing through the clouds. Without saying anything, she let us in.
“Speaking such things with so little care...people will talk, Mr. Adams,” she said.
Roberta wasn’t there but Nadia wasn’t alone. She had three college age gals in similar silk robes waiting for her in the living room. Wine glasses holding red liquid were discarded on a crystal table. One of the babes admired the many necklaces around. They eyed Jenn like an addition to their party.
“Tell me about the necklace,” I said before she could act cordial and offer me and Jenn anything. I wasn’t in the mood for it. As before, she was hesitant and then rage flashed in her eyes and brow. I had intruded, like I had with Painter earlier. “Let me tell you what I think. It’s the piece that should go on that statue you have downstairs. It has some power and Giovanni was using it for who knows what.”
“It’s just a valuable heirloom. I told the police this already,” she said.
“That’s a lie,” I said. “It’s value can be measured in blood.”
“Don’t be so romantic, dear,” she said and chuckled. The girls giggled and each in turn took sips off their wine glasses.
I remembered what Painter had said about ruffling the women. I kicked the table over. This sent the dames in an uproar. Jenn put her hand on my shoulder, maybe to calm me down.
“Ray,” said Jenn.
“I’m tired of lies,” I said. “You hired two investigators to find the thing. You didn’t tell the police about Victor and Lady Chris and Marr because you think one of them has it. And you want to be the only one who gets her paws on it.”
“So what?” she said and shooed the girls away to another room. She became more menacing then. Guarded. “I didn’t know until today that they were dead.”
“And yet you act like you don’t care,” I said. I pulled out a cigarette. She tried to protest but I lit up. “Why?”
“What do you want me to say? I hardly knew them!” she said. She took a big gulp straight from the wine bottle. 
“Victor said the necklace is magical. Is that true?” I said. She whipped towards me, her eyes like a hawk’s. “Yes, I spoke to him and Lady Chris and Frank Marr.”
I had cornered her. She began to breathe heavily. “I never meant for anyone to get hurt,” she said. She collapsed on a couch and sobbed. This time, Jenn wouldn’t go near her. “Those men had families? Yes. They must have. I will do all I can to accommodate them.”
“The necklace,” I said.
“Let me ask you this: If I told you all about the necklace, how will that help you with your work? It seems hardly relevant as I’m sure you’ve figured out by now,” she said. “Frank Marr and Daniel Painter are responsible for their deaths. Seek them out instead.”
“More lies,” I said. “According to Victor, Giovanni wore it while performing rituals with Maria. He, Marr, and Painter were involved in some mess that’s going to take place tonight. Except Giovanni changed his mind and tried to stop it. Was the necklace helping him do that?”
“I think so,” she said reluctantly.
“We’ll get to the ‘how’ later. Tell me about the necklace,” I said. 
She nodded. “My...mother, she showed me the pendant when I was a child. She said it was divine though she lacked enough knowledge of it to tell me why. As I grew older, I did research on the pendant and learned what made it so special. My goal was to honor it with the proper rituals. But when my mother died in a car accident and orphaned me, it was not among its possessions. My apologies, her possessions.
“I learned from her business partner that she had entrusted the piece to her lawyer, a woman named Chase Carlisle, who was also her lover...Chase sold it off to a woman who had ties to occult groups. From that moment forth, it traveled across the world, changing hands from woman to woman. I have scoured the world looking for it. It’s the only proof I have of divinity. It is my birthright to some extent. 
“I did find it again, but only after much heartache, only after many ill acts had been committed. You can understand why I’m so protective of it.”  
“Was your mother in one of these occult groups?” I said.
Nadia nodded. “She used it for ceremonies like I do. Before her death, she admitted that it would not work for her.” She picked up a tipped-over glass and filled it with wine. “It never worked for me either.” She drank like a child on a tit. “I confided in Maria once about its otherworldly properties and about my failure to use it. She met Giovanni and brought him to me and the necklace. He assured me that its power was there, dormant. He asked me to let him use it to benefit humanity.”
“But they stopped him and now the necklace is gone,” I said. “And if you couldn’t access it’s power, there’s no point in asking you how it works.”
She nodded again. “Who are you?” she said.
“The good guys,” said Jenn.
Nadia laughed so hard I thought she would lose her head doing it. 
“There are no good guys in this world. There’s only men and women,” she said. 
“In a few more hours it won’t matter who we are,” I said.
This shook her. “Why?” she said. 
“Did he mention what was supposed to happen tonight?” I said.
“I’m sorry. He was very hesitant to speak of his business,” she said. “Not in an insulting way, mind you. He was very reserved.” She put her hands together. “Could you retrieve it for me? He would have wanted that. If Frank Marr has it, he’ll give it to the people he works for.”
“Frank Marr,” I said.  
“We can still get it,” said Jenn. “Just help us.”
Nadia nodded. “I don’t know what help I can be,” she said. 
“Did Giovanni ever show you books with rituals?” I said. 
“Yes!” she said. “He had an assortment of books, but there was one with a butterfly on its cover. That book had all the rituals. If you had the necklace, you might be able to perform them!”
I nodded. “Where would he have kept this book?”
“His house,” she said quickly enough for me to believe her. “He kept everything important there. He had some confidence about its security system.”
“Enchantments,” I said. “If we bring this book and the necklace, might you perform the ritual to stop whatever is going to happen tonight?”
She thought a moment. “The rituals require a male and female. If you helped, then I could,” she said. I could tell this was not a pleasant thought. 
“Then we better hurry,” I said. 
“I will prepare what’s necessary,” she said. “Thank you! I have so much to do!”
She ran about like an animated toy. Jenn was next to me watching her too. We left her house. Michael, I was sure, was too tied up to help. And I wasn’t sure about Lucifer. Had Michael spooked him and that’s why he hadn’t shown up after I spoke to the Committee? I shrugged that off. Lucifer was amongst the Pit Lords convinced the Enforcers had gone rogue. 
“Okay, I played along, but now you gotta tell me: Why didn’t you show her the necklace?” said Jenn.
“You never show your hand too early,” I said.
“What? She might have needed it,” she said with the slightest hints of concern. 
“If you must know, I don’t like that Victor was hiding that thing from Nadia,” I said. 





Chapter 27:
1:00 AM




We followed turn by turn directions from a talking box mounted on Jenn’s dashboard until we found the right neighborhood in Beverly Hills. Giovanni rented a house there. With all the accumulated wealth his family had, he could have easily owned a house somewhere more exclusive. But Victor had been telling the truth about Lucifer cutting off his son. This was what he could afford with the money he made from Painter. 
The street lamps either didn’t work in this neighborhood or nobody wanted them on. Up ahead, the flashing lights from the fire trucks warned me that something was wrong. We came across the problem as the firemen and their big trucks were leaving. Giovanni’s house had burned down. Neighbors had gathered to watch the fire consume the home. 
“What happened?” I asked one gentleman who was out of place in a three piece suit and tie. He was noticeably upset, both hands gripping his hair. He confessed he was the owner. 
“According to a neighbor, the blaze had been going since a few hours ago,” he said. He let his hair go and produced a small portable telephone. He glued it to his ear. The insurance company was on the other side. “Crazy fire. It wouldn’t spread anywhere else and burned hot. The neighbors across the street told me they were sweating from its heat.”
Celestial fire.
“Was it an accident?” I said.
He shook his head. “Arson,” he said and then spoke to the person on the other end of his telephone. He covered the mouthpiece and turned back to me. “The neighbors heard those obnoxious sounds from motorcycles. Some bikers came by and set it ablaze. The person I rented it to was murdered two weeks ago.” 
“You don’t think someone was trying to burn evidence?” I said, feigning curiosity. He nodded. “But wouldn’t his family have taken his things already?”
“I haven’t heard from his family. I was actually going to box up his things and put them in storage,” he said and excused himself. He was done there. “I’ll wait in my car for the police.”
“Those bikers are running amok tonight. Heard they shot people at a coffee place. Maybe it’s better if we all get out of here!” I said. “Fine time I picked to pay my aunt a visit!”
“I heard about the shootings,” he said. “Hadn’t thought they were related...” He patted my arm. “Maybe you’re right.”
He got into his car and Jenn and I pretended to do the same. He drove off in a hurry, but we stayed. I had a feeling the police wasn’t going to show up for a long time. It didn’t surprise me much that Marr and Painter would destroy any conceivable evidence of what was going on. They had done it to stop me from learning more, I thought. And it was somewhat poetic when you thought about it. I had charred Marr’s face and he charred evidence I needed.
“Do you wanna go?” said Jenn.
I sat on the hood of her car looking at the wet ashes, the darkened remains of a home. My brain began to muddle the world around me. It was no longer this unknown era, but the place I had died in. Another flash. There was melancholy in the air and the rhythm of a soft tune played. I was sad. I was so sad. I was in a house like this one. The woman with the red hair was there with me and the child who collected seashells. Were they my family? There was also a fourth person, another woman who kept pointing things out. We were looking at a home to buy. Why was I sad? 
“Ray,” said the woman with the red hair. I tried to get a better look at her, but it was all muddled.
“Ray?” said Jenn.
My head began to hurt, as did my spirit. It ached like when that creature had bitten into Roderigo’s soul. Without answering, I pulled out the magnifying glass. The good news was that most of the enchantments were still in place. Some of the runes were incomplete, but they still held mystical power. I walked up to the remains of the house. The soggy ground made my feet sink about an inch, creating these great sucking sounds as they came up. She followed behind. There was a cigarette in my mouth I hadn’t lit. It didn’t seem right to smoke in the ruins. 
In the house not everything was ash and cinders. A surprising number of things survived thanks to the enchantments in place. The living room was a complete mess. We looked around. Near a window sat a charred easel with a large canvas on it, an unfinished piece whose subject was the Mother.  
The painting-in-progress was a near-perfect replica of the one in Nadia’s house. But there were differences. The Mother was high up in the night sky, but She was almost nude. Clouds wrapped around Her body, forming a risqué skirt that showed off Her legs and hardly concealed Her nipples and pubic mound. The full moon was a brilliant orb in Her hands. And in this version, She also had a face. I got a closer look at the canvas and recognized the features. But it didn’t make sense. 
“Look,” I said to Jenn. I hoped she would tell me I wasn’t seeing what I thought I was seeing.
She stared at the thing for a few seconds before she said, “Why would Giovanni paint his face on the Mother?” 
“I don’t know,” I said. With all the cross-dressers in this case, I expected Giovanni had joined in on the fun. Yet painting his face on a woman’s body was far away from prancing around in a dame’s skirt. But why not? Maria had pulled it off with an operation.
Giovanni’s bedroom had taken massive damage. But I still recognized the remains of women’s clothing, wigs of every color mounted on mannequin heads, and heels. The smoldering remains of a book shelf were nearby. There was book after book on androgyny. And there were other types around. 
I picked up a book cover made of pure leather, an item that was probably several hundred years old if I had to guess at its age. The blackened remains of similar books were nearby. 
“What is it?” said Jenn. “Are they the ones we came looking for?”
“These are books of rituals,” I said. All of them had a butterfly on the cover; but these had been drawn recently. “It could be any one of them. I would give my left toe to know which one he was using.”
“None of them,” said Jenn after she looked over the one I had been looking at. She looked over the others as well.
“Why do you say?”
She offered me the spine. “This is so old that if he had used a page a lot, it would show on the spine. There would be an indentation there,” she said. “The other ones are like that too.”
I nodded. Very good. It was true that humans who owned rare books would care about the spines of these books, but not a lordling trying to make use of the information in them. Looking around, the sheer number of tomes gave away what had been going through Giovanni’s mind. There was an excessive number of them. And none of them showed the proper wear to suggest extensive use. Maybe the one he had found most useful wasn’t even here. These had to be decoys.
“He was after some ritual these books didn’t have,” I said. “Maybe Nadia helped him find the right one. She should have come with us.”
“How do you think it would have stopped what’s going to happen?” she said.
That was a good question. “I don’t know. He may have wanted to use the right ritual to gain enough power to stop the celestial responsible,” I said. 
“That part doesn’t make sense to me,” she said. 
“Why?”
“If he wanted to stop someone more powerful than him, why not just tell the people you’re working for? Aren’t they more powerful together?” she said.
I chuckled. The same idea had crossed my mind. “For now let’s assume that he didn’t think the Committee could help, but this ritual could,” I said. 
She shrugged. “Cool.”
“I have an idea.”
“What?”
“We summon Maria and ask,” I said, leaving out the pronoun for Maria. 
The kid became pale. “Okay,” she said. “Where?”
“Here,” I said. 
“Okay,” she said and sat down. 
I asked her what I could do to help but she didn’t answer. She was doing whatever it was that she did to summon them. I had expected a table with people holding hands, but for her it was more natural than that. 
“She’s here,” said Jenn. 
I looked around with the magnifying glass and spotted a misty form not far from her. This thing had no definite shape and when it spoke it was the echo of a living voice. 
“Detective Adams,” said Maria. 
That startled me. I pulled out the necklace and this time startled her.
“What is this?” I said.
A misty limb tried to grip the necklace but couldn’t. Maria moaned in the most horrible way and it made Jenn shed tears and I just wanted to cover my ears. But I fought that urge to listen.
“Forgiveness,” said Maria. “For all of us.”
“What does that mean?” I said, but Maria didn’t answer. “Tell me what ritual Giovanni was trying to perform with you.”
“There...” Maria raised a misty limb and pointed to a damaged wall behind the bed. 
“How was this going to help him stop his enemies?” I said and raised the necklace again.
“Giovanni...” said Maria. “He was going to sacrifice himself. A gift for us all. Forgiveness, for all of us.”
It was the same song. Maria moaned in that horrible way again and it made my eyes water with tears. The ghost was being vague and I didn’t like it. 
“Tell me what Giovanni was after!” I said.
“Forgiveness,” said the ghost. “For all of us.”
I was asking the wrong questions. “Was he sacrificing himself to stop Benvolio? To stop the Destroyer?”
“Benvolio is not the Destroyer,” said Maria.
That wasn’t what I wanted to hear. “Who’s this Destroyer then? Painter? Marr?” 
“No...” Maria hissed. “You! You! You!”
“What?” Jenn and I said together. I backed away from Maria, confounded by her words. 
The ghost wouldn’t go into any details and instead chose to wail and moan until I had had enough. The effect ended and I was again left with more questions than answers. I walked to the wall she had pointed out. The magnifying glass told me it was covered in protective runes. How I was going to open that, I didn’t know. But when I touched it, the runes gave way. 
That spooked me so much I wanted nothing to do with what was inside. But I had a job to do. With the runes out of the way, the wall was hollow. My foot kicked right through it. Inside was a black safe. Without the combination, whatever was inside would remain there. I tried the handle and the locks whirred and opened. That wasn’t unusual. If the runes had known me, then the safe would too. 
In the safe were several notebooks, simple things, and another tome full of rituals. This one had a butterfly drawn on the cover. I looked it over with the magnifying glass. It revealed an invisible word written on the inside cover in a hand that was boorish. That wasn’t all. There were runes in front of it and after it meant to null its power. If the first and last runes were ignored, what was left was an oral command of some kind, a mystical name. I was tempted to speak it to see who it summoned, but I wasn’t that stupid. I put it down because it burned my hands to hold it. This wasn’t a human book. It was part of a celestial’s library. 
The notebooks contained information in Giovanni’s pretty hand. There was an estimate of the number of celestial families in the Pit. Also there was an estimate of the number of Enforcers and their families. They were pretty even. There were also bloodlines and a ranking system to show which families had the most power and which were well known. The Enforcer Prime’s family was the most powerful of the Enforcer families. 
The Pit lordling that didn’t get murdered was there too. His family was by far the most influential in the Pit. The murder of that lordling would have ruffled a few feathers. Missing was Lucifer’s true name and a description of his family. Giovanni wouldn’t have put that there, not if he was still on the same side as the culprits when he wrote this. And I had access to it. Maybe in the end, Giovanni suspected they would turn on him and prepared things for me. But why had he gathered the information in the first place? 
I scanned the notebooks again. These were figures that could be used by military men. It was as if someone was sizing up the Pit Lords and the Enforcers. To take them on? Not likely. I continued to search. In another notebook I found a timetable that was revealing. The original date for the murders was Friday, December 21st 2012. I pulled out the list Victor had given me. I had assumed the times were for tonight, but the culprits had intended for this mess to take place next year. Why the rush?
“Why did Maria call you the Destroyer?”
“I don’t know. Maybe it was nonsense,” I said. 
But it wasn’t nonsense. In another notebook was what I dreaded to see: My name. Below my name was basic information, like who my parents had been and on what month and time I had been born. Also there was a detailed history of what I guessed were the scenarios I had undergone in the Abstract Realm. The rest of the notebook was dedicated to the trials and there were several hundred pages. The dates on the entries went as far back as 1955, in handwriting that wasn’t as beautiful as Giovanni’s. The last entry was about a year earlier, supposedly when Maria had met Giovanni and talked him out being a part of this mess. 
My jaw opened slowly. The earliest records stated I was making progress in the Abstract Realm. I hadn’t been snapping out of the scenarios. I made it as far as giving up any desire for revenge. That explained why I never considered vengeance when the case started. And then, the scenarios changed. They became mock cases that brought out my detective nature. That’s when I started to figure out the scenarios weren’t real. Progress slowed and then stopped. I no longer tolerated the scenarios and snapped out of them within moments. 
These bastards had tampered with the scenarios. But why? My hands trembled with rage. I put the thing away quickly and rummaged through the others. I found notebooks with the names of other men in them. They too were in the Abstract Realm and in each book was a detailed history of the progress they had made while there. These victims had been gumshoes like me. The culprits had also tampered with the scenarios of each man. There were a dozen of them, but for these other birds, the tampering had stopped in 1991. Why? Another mystery.
Jenn picked up the notebook with my name in it and started looking through it.
“Nonsense?” she said and showed me the same notebook.
“I don’t know,” I said.
“You can’t ignore this!”
I shot her a look but she didn’t shy away. I wasn’t angry with her. She was worried about me. “I need the whole thing wrapped up first. That’s what will get them to listen; the truth behind Giovanni’s murder and evidence to support it,” I said.
I wanted to find Benvolio’s name and maybe a description of what he was. But the other notebooks were more cryptic. In them were drawings of medieval engravings with short descriptions like, “More proof of his presence in England,” and, “The ritual is similar suggesting the presence of one in Yugoslavia.” The engravings depicted men in their death beds. Other men were at their bedside holding their dying hands while others prepared a tray of food and drink. 
“Ray,” said Jenn and held a page open from the tome with the butterfly on the cover.
In it was a drawing of a man and a woman side by side, participants of the ritual described. The drawback was that it was in a language I didn’t understand. The page also had sections underlined and every available blank space had personal notes in Giovanni’s fine handwriting. They were adjustments. But for what? Despite the burning I flipped through the pages, finding a few more with Giovanni’s handwriting. 
“Any chance you know how to read this?” I said.
She shook her head, but then raised a finger. She put that small telephone up close to the page and it let off a flash of light. Then she pressed a few buttons and waited.
“I think it’s Aramaic,” she said and showed me the tiny screen on her device. “See, it’s like the writing on these other old books.”
She was right, it matched up pretty well. “What did you do?” I said, somewhat baffled.
“Photo search,” she said and put away the portable telephone.  
If I remembered correctly, Aramaic was a truly old language. But so what? Like everything else in this case it opened up a world of more questions. I grabbed the notebooks and the tome, wrapping it in my coat first. 
“We need to go talk to Daniel Painter,” I said.
“To confront him?”
I shook my head. “He’s the only one who can stop this. I’m betting he has no idea what he’s gotten into. Maybe I can convince him that it benefits him and humanity to help us.” 
“And Nadia?” she said.
“Nadia was wrong,” I said. “The way Giovanni scribbled all over that page tells me he didn’t know what he was doing. And if he didn’t know, Nadia won’t either.”





Chapter 28:
1:50 AM




The second drive to Painter’s condominium felt shorter, even with traffic growing more convoluted. That was almost impossible to believe, but Jenn said the dance clubs were closing and all the young folk were rushing out. True enough, there were young men and women in cars hollering, and thick groups of them interacted on the sidewalk. 
Painter’s neighborhood was the same as when we left it, but now it was nearly empty; families were no longer by the beach, only teens and drunkards. I readied my gun in case Painter wasn’t cooperative. 
“Stay here,” I said, but when I got out, Jenn got out too and I wondered why I had bothered at all.
I buzzed Painter’s number but he didn’t answer. That was no small surprise. I figured he didn’t want to see me again. I thought to wait for someone to go in or out, and if no one did after twenty minutes, a Thunderbolt bullet would let us in. 
“You’re wrong,” said Jenn.
“What about? I’ve made more mistakes tonight than I’d care to count,” I said with a smile.
“Giovanni had to have known what he was doing,” she said. “If not, why bother killing him at all?”
I laughed. It was a really good point. “You’d make a fine shamus, kid,” I said. “You would.”
Jenn beamed while we waited. Not long after I had buzzed Painter, I heard the distinct click-clacking of a dame’s heels. Out of the door came the blonde babe Painter had been auditioning. When she saw us she shrugged back but I got a grip on her quick. She hardly put up a fight at all.
“Where’s Daniel Painter?” I said. She stayed mute so I put the barrel of the gun to her face. “Start talking or my friend here squirts metal!”
“Okay, okay!” she said. “He’s gone! Left like fifteen minutes ago.”
“Where did he go?” I said. She shrugged. I pulled back the hammer of the gun. She began to tremble.
“Ray!” said Jenn. She tried to get in my way.
“He got a call and took off!” said the blonde babe.
“Any names?” I said.
“He mentioned a Frank!” she said. “Marr! Frank Marr! It was something urgent. Please! That’s all I know!” I let her go and she ran to the parking lot.
“Marr’s Place,” I said to Jenn. 
We reached her car and she drove off. The wind felt good hitting my face and running through my hair, but I closed the window to talk to her.
“Listen, Jenn,” I said. “You can drop me off at Marr’s Place and get yourself home.”
She grinned. “This is fun!” she said. “We have a good cop, bad cop thing going!”
“Dying isn’t fun and I got a feeling the chances of someone being murdered will be high when I see that Pit Dog again,” I said. She eyed me. “Didn’t it seem like really good luck that the blonde babe came out at just the right time for me to catch her? This stinks of a set-up.” I pulled out a cigarette and lit it. “I don’t want you in the middle.” 
“Nice time to get chivalrous,” she said. The grin left her face. “What about when we went after that thing at the police station? Or when Lady Chris had us hanging like beef? Or when the Chinese mafia did a drive by?” 
“Okay!” I said. She was right. I had been putting her in danger all night and I only now began to see it. “But follow my heels. If things get hairy just beat it and forget you ever saw me.” 





Chapter 29:
2:20 AM




Marr’s Place had become a popular watering hole since the last time we were there. And conversely, the lonely nature of this part of downtown Los Angeles had only increased. The bright lights of the skyscrapers were distant things, so close and so indifferent. 
There were now about twenty motorcycles parked in front of the joint, all with their tires full of air. Men in black leather jackets, some old with gray hair, some young and troublesome, walked to the motorcycles and back inside or just stood near the door to smoke, drink, and converse. They were celebrating something. I wondered how many of them had been out in Hollywood destroying things and killing people. Jenn showed good sense and didn’t stop there. She drove a block away and parked. 
Boy, let me tell you, we were a sight for angry eyes. As soon as the bikers spotted us, they stopped whatever they were doing. We were the uninvited guests at their party. They didn’t come after us but you could just tell they were itching to do it. And then we were at the door with the enchantments on it. I needed evidence to offer the Committee. It was in there. Without an invitation, we walked through. 
Inside, night reigned still and stale air greeted us along with a rowdy crowd. As we entered, a few leather-bound bikers nailed another biker by a jukebox because the song he picked had not agreed with them; they promptly threw him out. Other disagreements were handled in the same fashion. The conversations, as well as the horseplay stopped abruptly. Someone cut the music and the cheer. We were once again the main attraction and dozens of eyes found us. To say I was tense was an understatement. There were no customers here, only Marr’s men who would gladly kill for him. 
I looked for Painter but hadn’t expected to see him out front. But I did spot the Pit Dog. Marr was once again behind the bar. One word from him and the music resumed and so did the festivities. His face had no bandages and was for the most part healed, except where the mustache had been. Like a bull, he charged towards us, but not to attack. 
He said, “Move,” to the heavyset bikers who had been near us and they moved, fear showing in their ferocious faces. “Detective Adams,” he said, his tone jovial. “This is a blessing, but I still have to ask: Why are you here?”
“Life, death,” I said and lit a cigarette, “creatures that can eat souls, that sort of thing. How’s Benvolio? Hope the Thunderbolt bullet didn’t kill him. I have to apologize to the man for thinking he was here to destroy the world.”
The Pit Dog broke out in booming laughter. “He’s looking forward to talking to you again,” he said. The smile disappeared and I sensed several bikers behind us. “You know that I can’t let you go.”
I nodded. “Let me talk to Painter,” I said.
“Thought you’d say that,” he said and eyed me. “You’re gonna try to escape again, aren’t you?”
“I have to try, Frank. This time, don’t leave liquor around and watch your eyes. You know what happens when kids play with matches,” I said with a grin. 
His fat face became sweaty and he shifted nervously, looking at his bikers. Mocking him in front of his boys was probably a bad idea. The good-natured Pit Dog didn’t bite me for it. He motioned for us to follow him and we did. He led us to that door on the ground that went down to his basement. It was as dark as before so I moved slowly. The door slammed shut and everything became pitch black. 
The air grew thick with the stench of the forbidden. I wanted to pull out my gun but I had to see where this went. There would be no other chances to speak to Painter, not before my time was up. I froze when the lights came back on. Next to the light switch was Benvolio. He was deathly pale and had a nice bleeding gash on his forehead from the Thunderbolt bullet. Dried blood was thick on his black robe. I was about to say something when the distinct sound of someone cocking a pump-action shotgun made me turn around. 
“Well, well,” I said as I stared at the wrong end of the barrel of the shotgun. Behind it was Marr.   
“Don’t take it the wrong way, but I dislike having my face coated in flames,” said Marr. His burning eyes were beads of triumph. He pushed me forward with the shotgun.
“That’s the second time tonight someone’s put one of those to my face,” I said. “It didn’t do them much good.” I shrugged towards Jenn. “Say, how about we let the dame go?”
The Pit Dog turned to Jenn and looked her over again. He shook his head. “You’ll forgive me, miss, but you really should know better than to spend time with people like him,” said Marr.
“You’re not my daddy so don’t act like it,” Jenn said and moved along. 
I lit another cigarette. “We can’t talk about it?” I said.  
“Not with me. I have nothing more to say to you, sir,” he said and pushed us forward again, but I resisted and he pushed harder and I resisted harder. “Don’t be a child, Adams.”
“Just answer me this: Why betray Giovanni? You betrayed him right? I mean, you liked the guy enough to help put the murders together for him and hide the assassin. Why turn on him?” He didn’t answer. “And here I thought dogs were loyal creatures.” I blew smoke in his face, which he didn’t like. He put the barrel right up to my nose, like he wanted me to say hi to it. I dropped the cigarette and raised my hands. “Perfectly good cigarette,” I said and shook my head. I smiled at him again. He reacted by nearly squeezing the trigger.
“Let me tell you something about that son of a bitch. He used rhetoric and friendship to put us all together for tonight, against our better judgments too, and when it came time to execute, he goes rogue and doesn’t tell us. He swindled us for a whole year pretending everything was okay. And for what? A woman who was once a man?” said Marr and spat. “He got what was coming to him.” 
That was so funny that I laughed. “You’re angry Giovanni didn’t include you when he turned on your master? What are you, his bride?”
Marr didn’t like that at all. “He was supposed to be my best friend! He was supposed to get me out of here! He owed me loyalty! I stopped the training when he wanted me to, not when his father said to!”
“Stop talking to him, Marr!” said Benvolio. His voice was strained. “We are not to speak with him. That was the order.” 
“Benvolio’s right, Frank,” said someone with a silky voice I recognized. It was Painter. He emerged from the shadows in jogging gear and with an automatic pistol in hand. 
“Just the man I wanted to see,” I said. “You’re more involved in this than I thought.”
“Talk comes later. First I’ll collect what Victor gave you,” said Painter. 
“Victor who?” I said.
Painter dragged Victor out of the shadows. A few hours earlier, he only had bruises from where the car hit him. Now his face was bloody and blue. 
“The hospital wasn’t too happy about letting him out early, but I was very persuasive,” said Painter. “He confessed he gave you the necklace.” 
“Who cares about a necklace!” said Benvolio. “Let’s call him so we can get our payment!”
“Quiet!” said Painter and turned to Marr. “If we trade them, we got a sweet deal, but if we trade them and the necklace, we’ll be set.”
“Just because he let you come here doesn’t make you our boss!” said Marr. But those Pit Dog eyes burned brighter suddenly. “Why would he care about some necklace?” 
“It’s special,” said Painter. “I bet we get double.”
“What’s your angle? I thought you liked Giovanni,” I said.  
Painter showed off his wolfish grin. “I liked that he was profitable. And money’s always been my angle. It’s the only pure thing in this world, friend,” he said in his silky voice. 
“Free of prejudices,” I added with a smile.
“And it doesn’t care what you do for it or how you attain it,” continued Painter. 
“And it always forgives,” said Jenn. She shook her head.
“Gio laughed at my idea to create a partnership between me, Marr and Lady Chris. It forced me to turn to other criminal organizations. The Triads guaranteed me a percentage of their take for a minimal role, but they’ve reneged on the deal and now they threaten my ability to continue to profit. Our current employer promised me money and to take care of the Triads for me. With that necklace, who knows how much more he’ll give. Right, Frank?” said Painter. “Not a bad deal at all.”
“You’re sure he’ll want the necklace that bad?” said Marr. 
“Yes,” said Painter. “The necklace,” he told me venomously. 
“And if I refuse?” I said. Marr cocked the shotgun and pressed it nicely against my temple. “You’re not loopy enough to do me in, Marr. Not that you can anyway. I’m already dead!” 
“Is that so, sir?” Marr said. “Good thing our friend over there doesn’t care if you’re alive or dead when he eats your soul...”
Okay, that did give me something to think about. Marr and Benvolio began to laugh. It was downright sinister. 
“I’m working for the Committee, and you know their power,” I said, my smile turning into a giant grin. 
“No mirrors around this time,” said Marr. “No mirrors means no Committee.” He put his finger to his lips and winked.
“Let’s call him already!” said Benvolio. He almost stumbled to the floor. “I don’t have much time!” 
Marr ignored him and wiped off the beads of sweat on his forehead. “The way I hear it, the Committee’s on its way out anyways, so it’s best to keep my favors accessible to those taking over,” he said. But I think he said it more to himself.
“That’s crazy talk and you know it, Marr! Nobody’s rubbing out the Committee,” I said and laughed. “Stupid Pit Dog! Next you’ll say the Executor’s resigning!”
Two of the bikers broke out in soft laughter. Marr snarled at them like a beast and then smacked me right in the gut with the butt of the shotgun. I nearly blacked out. On the ground, I spat out blood for a good ten seconds.
“Dammit, Marr!” screamed Benvolio. 
I looked up and Marr had the barrel on my face again. 
“We have toyed enough with you, sir. No offense, Painter, but Benvolio’s right. Let’s call the master and get this over with,” said Marr.
He walked away from me, but his bikers remained behind. There was a door there that was rusted and had enough dust to choke us all. I probably hadn’t seen it before in the darkness. The Pit Dog spat on his finger and drew a rune on it. The door opened on its own revealing the darkness of a hallway. I could just barely make out the stairs at the end. It was a way out. That’s how Benvolio had gotten out. The celestial involved had given the rune to them, which meant he or she had access to such runes. 
“Go call him,” said Marr to Benvolio.  
I saw a look on Painter’s face that told me he didn’t agree. Sure enough, as soon as Benvolio marched through the door and Marr turned his full attention to me and Jenn, Painter shot him once in the back of the head. Benvolio spun around and Painter shot him in the chest. The Pit Dog and Benvolio hit the floor. The bikers ran past me to get to their boss, but Painter shot one in the face and the rest froze. There were only four now. More than one would get it if they came at him and nobody wanted to be the lucky one. With the music blaring above, no reinforcements would arrive until it was too late.
Painter turned to me wearing his wolfish grin. Victor cowered on the floor but he slowly crawled towards the open door. I didn’t even bother to pull out my gun. 
“I hate sons of bitches too good to make a few extra bucks,” said Painter. “Now to our business. The necklace, please.”
“Listen to me, Danny,” I said. “You don’t know what’s going to happen tonight. They promised you all the jewels in the kingdom, but they won’t mean anything come morning.”
He laughed and turned to Jenn. “I can see why you’re with him,” he said. “He’s charming in that stupid way that cops can be with their talk.”
“Something supernatural is going to happen to the world,” I said. “With your help we can stop it.”
“Really?” he said. His grin told me he was mocking me still.
“Do you even know what the necklace is?” I said.
“All that matters is that I get paid,” he said and pulled back the hammer. That wolfish grin was on his face. “The world could end tonight for all I care.”
“Why so bitter? Is it because Giovanni and Maria violated you?” I said.
If his eyes had been able to shoot fire, they would have. His lips pursed tight, tight. He swallowed slowly. And then...he laughed. 
“Think I care about that? I would fuck my mother if it was profitable. But Chucky thought I cared and tried to blackmail me!” he said and chuckled. “I killed him more on principle than anything. No, Detective Adams, I played the part of a man trying to keep that information secret. It was a request from my current employer. He said you like your puzzles and you bit into that one good!” 
“I sure did waste an awful lot of time on it,” I said. “How did you get Lady Chris and that Craig Deluxe to play along?”
“The tranny really thought I killed Chucky because he knew about it and tried to blackmail me. Craig was a parrot who would repeat anything I asked him to. It was almost a shame to do away with him,” he said. “But like I said earlier, you can’t ruffle the women and expect to have fun. And if the women aren’t up for a little camera play, I can’t make money. You saw how easily rumors travel. I couldn’t risk that idiot raping another star like China Skynne so I framed him. The dummy even liked the idea because it’s just so sexy these days to be a natural born killer.”
“So you won’t reconsider? Save the world and all?” I noticed the smallest hint of movement on the floor. 
“Not unless it offered me a good payout,” he said.
“What if I can offer that?” I said. Nadia’s fortune would have to be sacrificed. “Nadia Faber might give you the payout you want. Would you consider helping me then?”
He shook his head and smiled. “If you’re pitting your hopes on her, then you’re already screwed,” said Painter. 
“Alright, but I tried.” There was no persuading him, so I let it go. “By the way, you do know that plain bullets can’t kill a Pit Dog, right?” 
“Kill a what?” said Painter. 
From the ground, one of Marr’s thick legs kicked Painter’s groin. Painter flew up and crashed on the ceiling, then flopped back down. The Pit Dog picked up the body, his eyes spewing fire, and tore it to pieces as Painter let off one final scream. 
Marr turned to me, but I already had my gun out. Not that it mattered. He let off this deep guttural growl that brought a dozen bikers down into the basement armed with crude weapons. They swarmed me and Jenn and tried to disarm us. Things didn’t look very good for us; I didn’t have enough bullets for all of them. But the bikers stopped, frozen by something behind me. 
I turned. Benvolio. He hadn’t gone through the door again, but lingered in the hallway. The tar-like impurities on his soul slithered out of his wounds, healing them. Only the hole made by the Thunderbolt bullet remained open and bleeding.
“No, Marr,” said Benvolio. “We’re too close now.” 
Marr got on all fours and rushed him. The Destructive Impurities on Benvolio’s soul poured out and transformed him into the creature. It dodged Marr and lunged at his throat; the bikers scrammed. The Pit Dog gripped the beast, but his efforts were useless. Benvolio as the creature was just too slippery and fast for him. I didn’t take any chances and aimed my gun at its head as it devoured Marr’s soul. But quick as a snake it turned on me. It jumped and nearly pinned me. I rolled out of the way and together with Jenn, we headed for the hallway. 
It came after us and leaped towards me like a dog. It was on top of me. I couldn’t fire with its claws digging and tearing into me. The only comforting thought was that it wouldn’t dare eat my soul, not if it wanted its payment. 
My eyes bulged wide open as its jaws opened unnaturally and I was helpless before its second mouth. Maybe I had been wrong. But it hesitated, like it didn’t really want to do it; it gave Jenn enough time to act. With Marr’s shotgun, she fed the beast lead and tore off part of its shoulder. It was enough to get it off of me. I took aim and put another Thunderbolt bullet in its chest. I grabbed Jenn and raced up and out of the stairs. 
I wished I had bet Marr. The thunder came shortly after and tore through the enchantments to find its target. Victor was outside amidst a sea of motorcycles riding away.
“Stay here!” I said to him.
Out of morbid curiosity, I walked towards the basement again. Jenn tried to stop me, but eventually followed behind. The stairs leading down were still intact but not the hallway. It had caved in. On the wreckage lay the charred body of Benvolio back in his human form. I walked down to him.
He looked up at me with some strain, as if he was hanging onto life with all his will. 
“He promised to free me...to take all the sins away...he promised...” said Benvolio.
“Sins?” I said. “What did he promise you exactly?”
“A special death...the Collective Whole...no more eating the sins of the aristocrats...”
Of course! The overwhelming amount of impurities on his soul. The engravings from medieval Europe showing the ritual being performed on a rich man’s death bed. The feeling of the forbidden that accompanied Benvolio wherever he went.
“Sin Eater,” I said. The transformation tome made sense now. “So Giovanni changed you?”
He nodded. His kind was extinct according to Harry. They were called Purifiers, humans born with the ability to eat the impurities of a human’s soul through a ritual. According to his story, they were popular until one of them ate the impurities of Rasputin, a Russian, and allowed him passage into the Collective Whole. This caused an outrage in the four realms and the Committee outlawed them. The Enforcers and Pit Lords hunted them down all over the planet. Benvolio must have escaped only to be found by Giovanni and whoever was behind the assassinations. The lordling used one of the transformation rituals to allow the Sin Eater’s massive amount of Destructive Impurities to take the shape of a beast that could corrode and eat the souls of others. It was disgusting, like a Dung Beatle at work.
Benvolio stopped fighting it. His eyes closed and he breathed no more. When we walked up the stairs, the kid seemed a little frightened. I tried my best to comfort her, but she shrugged me off and put on her brave face. I wondered what had troubled her.
Outside, Victor was waiting for us. 
“Why didn’t you tell me about the Sin Eater?” I said. 
His jaw opened. He had lost the jovial look on his face. “I promised him I wouldn’t tell anyone,” he said. “Gio wasn’t proud that he made Ben like that... Danny sent Ben after them that night.”
That made me pause, but I had to press on. “How was a ritual going to help him stop what’s happening tonight?” I said. “It looked like a lot of vanity to me.”
Victor shot me a vicious look. “Not vanity,” he said. “He was going to do something miraculous. He was going to save us all.”
“What?” I said. “What was he doing?”
He shrunk then. “I don’t know. He couldn’t get the magic to work for him.”
I already knew that. “What was this miracle? He had to have mentioned it!”
Victor shook his head. “Bro, he talked about so much while I was high...” He looked up at me with pleading eyes. “Can you stop it?”
“No,” I said. 
“But you have to try!” said Victor.
“Beat it!” I told him. When he didn’t move, I pulled out the gun and he hobbled off. 
“Where to?” said Jenn. 
I looked at the watch. There was little time to waste and much to figure out. I only wanted to sort through the mountain of information I had. 
“Anywhere to think,” I said.





Chapter 30:
3:00 AM




Sitting there, in Jenn’s corner of the house, I knew I couldn’t stop what was brewing, especially since I was supposedly the Destroyer. It made me jittery thinking about why I had been chosen by the people responsible. That was the big question. Michael could come in handy with that and he might even identify the tome. But I needed that Enforcer to keep the flies off of me. My only bet was to talk to the Committee with a convincing story.
“Who owns this house, by the way?” I said. 
“I do,” she said.
“Right. And I own the Brooklyn Dodgers,” I said and chuckled. “Normally, a host keeps her guests in the living room, not her bedroom.”
She laughed that easy laugh of hers. “Okay, you got me! I haven’t been very honest with you. I’m not a stripper,” she said. “I’m in the same line of work as you. I was at the nightclub because the owner wants me to figure out which one of his dancers is offering more than lap dances to his clients. That’s why I laughed when you said you were a private eye. You’re a carbon copy of Phillip Marlowe and Jake Gittes in Chinatown.” She slapped her forehead. “You don’t know who Jack Nicholson is. Oh, and if you’re in my bedroom it’s because I didn’t want you to see my Criminal Justice degree that’s hanging on a wall and the photos of my tour in the marines. You notice everything…” 
“How old are you?” I said, sensing a lie. 
“How old do I look?” she said and laughed. “Twenty-nine, but I always get carded when buying wine.”
“You weren’t in the Marines or else shooting someone wouldn’t have bothered you so much,” I said. Her smile disappeared.
She thought for a second and then spoke. “I’ve never shot anyone. I did join the Marines, but I got kicked out after a year for insubordination.” 
I didn’t know how I felt about what she said. Since women got the vote they were going everywhere men went. But a female Marine? And a female gumshoe?
“How long you been a professional snoop?”
“A few months…” she said. She was as green as the kid hanging from Marr’s basement, the one with the bounty hunter badge. “It’s tough, but the investigator I apprentice with says I have talent.”
How wonderful of him. “Is this his house?” 
She nodded and looked down. I felt bad for the kid. 
“Why were you high when we found you?” I said. It wasn’t an accusation or a judgment.
She produced this gentle smile. “If you want to catch a shark, you have to go in the water. More than likely you’ll get wet. I would have stood out if I didn’t take a hit.”
I would have laughed at that if it wasn’t the truth. 
“I totally had you fooled, huh?” she said with a grin. 
I shrugged. “I figured you weren’t one of those lowly strippers. You can afford all those gadgets. The portable telephone. The talking box that tells you where to go,” I said. It hadn’t made sense that she owned such wonders unless she had a decent flow of income. The stripper joint hadn’t looked that swell.
I could tell she wanted to laugh. “This?” she said and held up the portable telephone. “I got it free a year ago with a two year contract. It’s time for an upgrade, actually. That ‘talking box’ comes standard with most new cars.”
That was amazing, a world where such technology was readily available. Maybe they had solved world hunger and stopped all wars. I doubted that. There were too many homeless scrounging after a meal in Hollywood. Nothing had changed. Humans were still humans. 
“Let me run this by you,” I said, trying to bury that last thought. 
Marr had been too zealous with Giovanni’s cruelty training, which made the lordling guilty and bitter. So when a celestial approached him with an offer to destroy the Committee, he agreed. Giovanni brought together Marr and someone with connections to other Pit lordlings in Adult films, Daniel Painter. They found Benvolio and transformed him using that tome with the butterfly. 
But the lordling changed his mind, most likely because of the love he had for Maria. He kept the Pit Dog and the others in the dark, probably to make the celestial in charge think that all was well, hoping that he would have enough time to perform whatever ritual he wanted to perform, tweaking it desperately to suit his needs. He failed miserably. 
“The celestial in charge had Giovanni murdered because he double crossed him,” I said. 
“Who?”
“His father. Only someone as obsessive and controlling as Giovanni’s father could make and execute the sort of plans involved in this case,” I said.
“Okay, I can see that,” she said. “What do you think he wants with you?” 
With the little time left to me, I couldn’t worry about being subtle. 
“Let me ask him,” I said. “Maybe he’ll tell me the truth for once.” Jenn stared at me, waiting. I chuckled. “You need to leave.”
“Like hell,” she said. “We had this talk already.”
“If he is the culprit and I corner him, he’s going to go after you and I won’t be able to stop him,” I said. “I’m liking you too much to let him do that, kid. So if you don’t mind…”
She didn’t say it, but she was hurt. There was hurt dignity in her pruned up lips and sour eyes. “Don’t trash the place,” she said and then walked out the door to her room and then out of the house.
I spoke Lucifer’s true name. The Pit Lord came out of the shadows in a dark suit like the one he had been wearing when we first met. I went up to him, face to face. 
“I was in the middle of a very important meeting!” he said, his fiery eyes burning with hatred. I just stared at him. “What do you want? You’ve failed me and my son. I see no reason to continue speaking to you.”
“I thought maybe you’d like to have a final chat with me for old times’ sakes,” I said. 
“This is not amusing and I have a mind to call the Enforcers,” he said.
“You won’t,” I said. “Calling the Enforcers will let me sing what I know to them before you can use me.”
“Pardon?” he said.
“You suggested my name to the Committee,” I said. “You pointed me to the medium. You’re behind all of this.”
“You believe I had a hand in my son’s murder?” he said. He laughed and stopped. His face distorted and became a terrible mask of rage. “The only reason I don’t call the Enforcers now is because I detest them more than you at the moment. Do hope that doesn’t change, but if you continue to bother me, I’ll have no choice!”
“Did you suggest my name to the Committee?”
“Yes,” he said. “So what?”
“Why did you have Giovanni murdered?” 
“I did not murder my son or have any part in his death!” He wanted to hurt me bad. I had to be right or else he wouldn’t show that kind of restraint. My guess was he was trying to see how much I knew before doing anything drastic. 
“You had gone to the trouble of arranging that special cruelty training with Frank Marr, but he ditched it like a bratty child,” I said.
“You...watch...your tongue,” said Lucifer. “My son was not bratty...my beautiful son...”
“But that wasn’t it, was it? It wasn’t the rebellious streak. Hell, I like to think you would have admired that in your soft-spoken, girly boy. So it wasn’t that. And if it wasn’t that...”
“You are an incompetent fool! You have no idea why I was at odds with Giovanni!” said Lucifer. His jacket began to smoke and his voice had become thunderous.
I chuckled in a mocking manner. “Then you admit you were at odds with him,” I said. I pulled out a cigarette. “You didn’t like the acquaintances he had near the end. He was already gentile, effeminate, but that Maria made him a pet. And they put ideas in his head. Ideas you didn’t like. Ideas that burned your fatherly pride and made you turn against him with such animal ferocity that you completely annihilated all that he was.”
“I’m warning you, Adams,” said Lucifer. His eyes were blue flames. But he was still showing restraint. Good.
I went on as if he hadn’t said a peep. “So you cut him off. They roused up his guilt and he drew enough courage to try to stop you,” I said. I brought out the tome. “Don’t deny that this isn’t a part of your library. It’s a celestial’s book. And only a Pit Lord could get his hands on something that depraved. Did you give it to Giovanni to change the Sin Eater? It must have burned you that he then used it to hurt you. That’s why you had Daniel Painter tell you where he was that night. He betrayed your grand plan to destroy the Committee. And it was poetic to let the thing he created eat his soul!”
I didn’t have time to do anything before he was there, with a fireball in his hand. He was truly the Pit Lord then, with cruelty in his features. I feared him, but I knew I had him.
“Do it,” I said. “The Process will send me to the Abstract Realm and then the Committee will snatch me up.”
“Fool,” said Lucifer. He let the fireball burn out. “I had nothing to do with his murder.”
This bothered me. “Then why shun him?”
He bit his perfect lip. “You were right about one thing. I really hated his friends, especially that Maria. They convinced him to do something incredibly stupid.” 
“What was it?”
“That book you showed me is a forbidden manuscript. How he acquired it, I don’t know. But with it a celestial can perform transformation rituals,” he said.
“Yeah, he changed a Sin Eater, a Purifier, into a monster,” I said. “What else? What was he trying to do?”
“I didn’t know about the Purifier or I would have found it and destroyed it!” He glared at me, but continued. “When I confronted him about it he was trying to perform a ritual to alter what he was...to help him become a woman...” Lucifer’s eyes became pools of sadness. 
The cigarette almost dropped from my mouth. “That makes no sense,” I said. “Why not just go to a doctor and do it the way Maria did?”
“A doctor wouldn’t be able to change the gender of his soul.” Lucifer shook his head. “The souls of our children have definite gender. Pit Lords are always male. Enforcers are always males. Humans have androgynous souls and the Angelus sometimes have female souls. If he changed his body, his soul would still be male,” he said and spat as if the words were disgusting. “The ritual he chose doesn’t do that exactly, but he was trying to adjust it. Giovanni had the nerve to ask me to help him figure out why it wasn’t working.”
Lucifer collected himself. He tightened up his jacket and regenerated the burnt pieces of cloth. I wanted to ask him about the necklace and what role it could have possibly played, but it didn’t seem right. He would have taken it to the Committee. For reasons I didn’t understand, that felt immoral.
“But...” I tried to organize my ideas again. “Why not just tell you who he was trying to stop?”
Lucifer looked up at the ceiling. “I pushed him away so badly the last time I spoke to him, when he explained the ritual,” said Lucifer. “He might have told me if I hadn’t been so enraged... I wanted so badly for him to become me. He was too soft for the job we have to do, but out of pride I couldn’t let go.” He strained to look up at me again. Tears evaporated on his cheek. “So it’s true then? He’s gone completely?” His eyes still held some hope but I squashed it by nodding. “What is this about, Adams? Why did they destroy my boy?”
“He was working alongside the celestial who is responsible for these murders, but he double crossed him. He knew enough to stop him and tried to,” I said. “He was using these rituals to stop him.”
“He wanted to become a woman, Adams! How was that going to stop anyone from destroying the Committee?” he said. “For that matter, how can any celestial destroy the Committee?”
“Frank Marr said it was going to happen,” I said. But Lucifer had a point. No single celestial could destroy the Committee. There was too much power in the Pit Lord families and those of the Enforcers. But with them going at each other’s throats, it might not be too difficult to...a horrible idea came to me. “You need to talk to your Pit Lord buddies. They’re about to play right into the hand of the people responsible for Giovanni’s death.”
“How so?” said Lucifer and stood up.
“Don’t you see? What you said is true. But if they can force a battle between the Enforcers and the Pit Lords, they can deplete the Committee’s strength enough to take over. Here,” I said. I gathered the notebooks and showed them to him. “The culprits know Pit Lords don’t exactly love Enforcers, which is why they went after Pit lordlings first, to enrage them. And then, they executed the son of the most powerful Enforcer to make it look like a retaliation.”
Lucifer looked these over at the speed of thought. His beautiful face became grim. He dropped the notebooks and leaned against a wall and slid down slowly. The Pit Lord was so human then that I wanted to comfort him. 
“Oh, Giovanni...it pains me to see how far he went with this...this farce,” he said and shook his head. “Good work, Adams. Though it will shame my family for generations to come, the truth must be known. I will inform the Pit Lords to convene the Committee again. And then I will find the people responsible and deal with them my way.”
“No, you shall not,” said a voice I recognized. The door burst open and Michael was there, a pistol pointed at Jenn. He shoved her over to me and pointed the gun at Lucifer.
The Pit Lord snarled. “I knew it!” said Lucifer. “A filthy Enforcer.” He looked at the Enforcer’s gun and laughed. “You’re a fool if you think you can use that on me and get away with it. The Committee will know immediately it was your gun that fired.” And then his face became dark, darker than I’d seen it. I blinked and a tiny revolver appeared in his hand aimed at the Enforcer. “Or perhaps I shall take matters into my own hands. A taste of Celestial Torture from my gun? Hmm?”
Michael swallowed hard. They circled each other like crabs. Lucifer smiled and his playful face returned. He would do it. The Pit Lord wouldn’t care if they both shot at the same time. To stop this, I pulled out my gun and pointed it at the Enforcer. 
“Put it down,” I told Michael. 
“I told you to avoid the Pit Lord’s poison,” said Michael. He laughed. “What do you think a Thunderbolt bullet will do to me?”
“Two guns against one is always a winner,” I said.
The Enforcer laughed. “But you’re on my side, Adams,” said Michael. His grave face changed too. He glared at me with a sort of delight I didn’t like. “You’re my creature.”
I got a flash of a face. A woman’s face. It was the red haired dame from before. She was young, in her twenties, wearing an Army Nurse Corps uniform. She was beautiful, like Jenn. Actually, the two could have been sisters except Jenn had dark hair and eyes like my own.
It was like an icepick had sunk into my skull. The gun became a horrendous weight. I lowered it. 
“Ray?” said Jenn and tried to comfort me.
“Yes, Adams,” said Michael. “It’s time you remember her.” 
More flashes like that followed. I saw this same woman, but in an evening gown. We were in Hollywood, on the strip. This was the scene that had flashed earlier, when I was near Grauman’s with Jenn. 
This time I knew I was on a date with the redhead. I was all dressed up too in my best suit and tie. It was our first date. And we were laughing, just having a good old time. Another flash. One of Bogey’s movies was playing. Casablanca. I was in a dark theatre next to her. My hand found hers in the darkness.
“What’s going on?” I said, trying to fight the flashes. It hurt like hell to see those things, to feel it all at once. It was worse than anything I had experienced today. It hurt worse than all of the pain together.
“What is it, Adams?” said Lucifer. “Adams?”
“It hurts to remember, doesn’t it?” said Michael and laughed softly. He was enjoying this. And for some reason I only had ears for him. 
“What’s wrong?” said Jenn. I must have been a sorry sight. She found the shotgun and gripped it. She gave Michael this fierce look. But she didn’t do anything.
The scent of lavender hit my nose, but I knew Jenn wasn’t wearing it. I got more flashes and more flashes. The woman who was like Jenn...her name was Cairenn. She had such an odd name, I always called her Karen. I saw Karen in a white dress, a wedding dress. We were in a chapel. It was our wedding day. I was so happy. She was happier. 
Madness... Madness! Every muscle fiber. Every nerve cell. All  of me ached. And the flashes didn’t stop. I saw an apartment. I saw a crib. In it was a child, a girl, the little girl who loved to run in the wet sand and collect seashells. Our daughter, Samantha, named after Karen’s mother. Our baby. Our Samantha.  
“Make it stop!” I said and tried to claw out my eyes. Jenn stopped me. I was on the ground trembling.   
I hadn’t taken a breath. I took a long one now and said, “No.” The weight of it hit me, the weight of my humanity. I remembered my wife now, like she had been there all along in the back of my head. And I understood what had been done to me. It was necessary to let go of the living once dead and the scenarios in the Abstract Realm were going to help me do that. But Michael had tampered with the scenarios so I wouldn’t forget Karen and Samantha. And that’s why it always felt like something was missing in the replica of my bedroom, because something was. It was her loving embrace--the embrace I had woken up next to for so long.  
Jenn said, “Ray? Talk to me.”
“Tell her,” said Michael. “Tell your great granddaughter who you are.” 
“What?” said Jenn.
We both turned to him. Could she be? Yes. She was six years old in 1991, when she first discovered her power. It must have set me apart from all the other candidates and that’s why Michael had stopped tampering with their scenarios. She turned pale and she searched my face, as if the truth was there. 
Lucifer sighed and when I looked into his eyes I saw pity. Why did he pity me? More of my life came to me. More flashes. It was all very revealing.
Jenn had called me a walking cliché earlier and she was right. In life I had been the typical protagonist of a pulp detective novel. But this wasn’t an accident. I had tailored my life to fit that cliché. More things unfolded in flashes and after each, a wave of memories came.
Our family had been well to do because of my father’s accounting practice; it was my fate to take over the family business, my duty. I turned eighteen in 1929, the year the stock market crashed and destroyed the only world I had known. I was lost until I picked up a copy of The Maltese Falcon. Sam Spade helped me replace the broken dreams with fantasies about being hardboiled. More flashes. I had taken up a job as a cop in an attempt to become a homicide detective. That didn’t pan out. I turned to private investigations and I had a knack for it like my idols, Spade and then Marlowe and then Humphrey Bogart. Hell, I hadn’t taken up smoking until after I became a shamus. In short, I would have made their writers proud. I became the ideal dime-store detective. A cliché. 
But the mold had not been perfectly cast. I had met Karen during the early days of the war and after marriage came our daughter. Karen put up with me and my stupidity but not all was well. With the growing realities of married life, I sunk deeper into my fantasy. And because my family didn’t fit into the solitary life of the ideal private eye, I often ignored them. 
Oh God, how could I have done that to them? Another flash. Hargrove needed help nabbing Lucky Sansone and goaded me into luring him out. It was the type of case they wrote novels about. I was hooked. 
I groaned and bit my lip until it bled. The guilt was horrific. And when the flashes stopped, a morbid curiosity came over me. 
“How did they pass?” I said. Lucifer turned away.
“This is the best part,” said Michael and he grinned.
“My grandma, your daughter, is old but alive. She stays with my mom.” Jenn was taking it better than me.
“And Karen? What about my wife?”
“Oh god,” she said and tears shut over her eyes.
She wouldn’t tell me so Michael explained it to me. Hargrove covered up for Sansone well and neither did time for my murder. It had been too much for my wife to bear. So she dumped our daughter on her mother’s lap and went after Hargrove and Sansone. She walked into Hargrove’s house one night and filled him full of shells. His wife came out of their bedroom and in a rage Karen killed her too. She found Sansone at one of his casinos and lured him to the bathroom where she killed him. But Sansone’s goons heard the shots and retaliated. She took two of them out, but the others got to her. She died in a hospital later. 
Perfect. Just perfect. That meant she hadn’t balanced out the impurities the murders left on her soul. Murder for vengeance was something the Process seldom forgave. But the murder of someone like Hargrove’s wife was unforgivable. It was a one way ticket to the Pit. I shook my head slowly, thinking Karen could be there enduring endless torture for avenging my death. How had she known about Hargrove and Sansone? Had I told her? Yes. I remembered.





Chapter 31:
Look Into My Eyes




I awoke next to her in the bedroom of our apartment at around ten that night. The soft fragrance of lavender came from her. It had brushed off on the sheets and on me. She loved the flowers and wore them with her clothing. I rolled over and curled up next to her. The reality of buying a bigger house, and a mortgage, was there. Our daughter was older now and she would need a house. A family needed a house and a father provided it. That meant I had to have a steady source of income. The detective jobs were scarce and it wasn’t providing enough, certainly not enough for that mortgage. I had applied for a job in a factory that distributed office supplies. They had called me that morning to tell me I could start in a week. It was the end of the fantasy.
Karen awoke because of me and reached backwards for my hand. I let her hold mine. Her warmth comforted me.  
“Stay in bed, Ray,” she said. 
“I want to, but I have to go out,” I said.
She rolled over and faced me. “Look into my eyes and tell me you have to go out tonight.”
Those green eyes of hers were so potent up close and beautiful. Of course I turned away, like I did whenever she was right, which was all the time. But it was different tonight and she knew. The thick tresses of her red hair were everywhere. She had such raw beauty, like Jenn did.
“Listen, baby,” I said. She chuckled. “What?”
“You sound like those pictures you watch,” she said playfully and kissed me. “If I wanted to marry Humphrey Bogart, I would have chased after him.” 
I remember how angry I was when she said that. But that was her. She always knocked down my fantasy. I brought her up close. Childbearing had put a few pounds on her and the wrinkles in her eyes were ever so prominent now. She wasn’t the woman she had been. But she was what grounded me. So I laughed too and kissed her. That lavender fragrance rubbed up against my cheek and I was in heaven. And I did want to stay. I wanted to curl back in bed with her.
But the job needed me. I wanted to tell her it was a final hurrah, but the truth was I secretly hoped that this job would bring in better-paying jobs with the police. That way I wouldn’t have to give up being a gumshoe.
“I have to go,” I said. “It’ll only be a week.”
She looked up at me from the bed. So much concern in her brows and her pouty lips. 
“I’ll be alright. Hargrove’s looking after me,” I said.
I dressed and then kissed my wife one more time. I walked to my daughter’s room and watched her sleep. She was four years old and still sucked on her thumb. Karen was trying to get her off that habit. 
She was a big girl now. I wanted to go up to her and kiss her goodbye. But that seemed like such an effeminate thing. The private investigator, the hardboiled shamus, wouldn’t do that. 
“Here’s looking at you, kid,” I said, quoting Bogey. I tipped my hat and left the house.





Chapter 32:
3:40 AM




I just wanted to walk away from having a wife and raising a child. That’s the kind of man I had been. A real son of a bitch who frequented the clouds. I sat on Jenn’s bed thinking about all the things Karen had done up until the day I died. She had been a decent person and a wonderful mother, kind and loving if not fiery and bold. Those damned Irish women... Maybe this would have made a difference in the end. But I needed certainty. I had to know for sure if Karen was in the Pit.
“None of this matters!” said Lucifer, but he still looked at me with pity.
“Is my wife in the Pit?” I said.
Lucifer didn’t answer. 
“Tell him, Pit Lord. Tell him the truth,” said Michael.
“She is,” said Lucifer. “I went to the trouble of looking up your family history to see if you were competent and discovered her in the Pit. The Process didn’t forgive her, I’m afraid.” I almost covered my ears, not wanting to hear it. “I sincerely apologize. As you recall, I said that everyone in the Pit deserves what they get. And you agreed with me then. The truth is I don’t. For every thousand souls the Process sends down there, one soul is always the victim of circumstance. I didn’t tell you any of this, even when I discovered the medium was also part of your family. I didn’t want to cloud your judgment. Forgive me. I really did hope you could help my son.”
There was one thing I could do for Karen. I could man up now and do what needed to be done for her. “I am the Destroyer,” I said. I would do anything to get her out of the Pit.
“Don’t say that!” said Jenn. 
But I didn’t listen. I pointed my gun at Lucifer. “You got my attention, Enforcer. What’s your play?” I said to Michael.
“First we must be rid of this inconvenience,” said Michael and motioned towards Lucifer.
“Dammit, Adams! It’s over! There’s nothing he can do for your wife!” he looked wildly at both me and Michael. 
The atmosphere was tense. And then the Pit Lord waved his hand and Michael burst into flames. I tried to get a shot, but a blast of air sent me flying backwards. The Enforcer put out the flames quickly, but by then a number of shadows had gripped him. In the middle of the chaos, Lucifer spoke a name that was twice as long as Michael’s true name.
The Enforcer Prime appeared and Michael’s eyes bulged open. My eyes did the same since I hadn’t expected Lucifer to call one of the Enforcers in a jam. The shadows dissolved around Michael and he knelt. Hell, I wanted to kneel too. The Enforcer Prime was by far more immaculate and glorious in person than Michael. My eyes became glossy with tears just by looking at his heavenly form. 
“What is the meaning of this?” said the Enforcer Prime, his voice gentle, cool. The guns held by me, Lucifer and Michael didn’t bother him.
“Your servant has overstepped his boundaries,” said Lucifer. “He arranged the murders of my son, Mercutio and your own son! Arrest him and conduct an inquiry.”
The Enforcer Prime turned to Michael and gripped a handful of his immaculate hair. Michael screamed.
“Is this so?” said the Enforcer Prime. The harsh tone of his voice put cracks on the house’s walls.
“It is, Master,” said Michael.
The Enforcer Prime let him go and walked up to Lucifer. His face was as grave as it had ever been. Lucifer was vindicated and stood there, proud. The tiny pistol disappeared from his hand. He looked at me and said, “Put away the weapon, fool. For the sake of pity I won’t ask for your soul.”
“Though it soils us all,” said the Enforcer Prime. “It is done. And what is done cannot be undone. There is one course left to us.”
“Yes,” said Lucifer. “His incarceration. His soul in the Pit where I can have my fun with it.”
“No,” said the Enforcer Prime. He raised his hand and Michael’s pistol flew into it. He aimed it at Michael’s head.
“You don’t mean you’ll use that on him?” said Lucifer. His face had a drooling grin on it. His fiery eyes hungered for Michael to suffer. “Why not use your own weapon? I’ve heard legends of what it fires.”
“Celestial Wrath,” said the Enforcer Prime. “It is too devastating to use in the Realm of the Living. The effects might crush the planet. No, for this task, Celestial Atonement will do.”
“Oh, how wonderful!” said Lucifer, gushing with glee. “Do it! Do it now!”
It was only a flash, but I saw it. The Enforcer Prime turned the pistol on Lucifer and the barrel exploded. The sound it let off was at first just like an ordinary gun. But then the whole house began to shake. The roof came apart to reveal the night sky. The heavens opened suddenly and a ray of light fired down. Its intensity increased until it became a fiery sun. There was even the hushed sounds of angelic things in the background. Creepy.
Lucifer was lifted by this beam and his body began to stretch and stretch and stretch. I ran to Jenn and we got out of her bedroom. But we didn’t make it out the front door of the house. There was an explosion that tugged at every fiber of my body and soul. 
“Don’t look!” I said to Jenn. I dared not look at what was happening to Lucifer. 
The Pit Lord let out an infinite scream full of rage and anguish. It burrowed into my ears even though I covered them. For a moment I thought about blowing my eardrums out just so I could stop listening to it. And then it ended and I grabbed Jenn to run, but Michael appeared in front of what was left of the door.
“Stay where you are,” said Michael. He had his gun again pointed at me. “We’re not done with you.”
The Enforcer Prime appeared too, but he kept his gun holstered. 
“Please, please, Detective Adams, listen to reason,” said the Enforcer Prime, cool as the night. 
“I’m in control now. You no longer need to be here,” said Michael, but his face was bashful, meek almost.
Without turning to him, the Enforcer Prime said, “I will stay here until it is done! You are fortunate the Pit Lord did not summon another member of the Committee. We would have been undone if that had been the case.” 
“I’m sorry...” said Michael and knelt again. “Just give me another chance to prove myself!”
“Stand up!” said the Enforcer Prime. He was displeased but he still looked like someone’s kind grandpa. He turned those gentle eyes to me. “I would like your company for just a while longer. Stay. You and your great granddaughter. Then maybe we can all part as friends.”
“What did you do to the Pit Lord?” I said.
The Enforcer Prime smiled. “Celestial Atonement tears the soul apart, down to its smallest components and then erases whatever fragment of identity lies in them. All that had been the Pit Lord is no more, even while the things that made it up are still there.”
My mouth was wired shut. They had us. Just like that, the whole case turned on its head. With only two hours left, I had to figure out a way to stop two very powerful celestials and free my wife from the Pit. 





Chapter 33:
4:00 AM




An alarm clock went off with a digital symphony. It was time for folks to wake up and here I was trying to work out the final details of a murder. My deductions about Lucifer had been all wrong. At least I knew why Giovanni hadn’t gone to the Committee with what he knew. The lordling wasn’t dumb and might have suspected someone up high was the puppet master. 
The Enforcer Prime. He had been the most vocal about his support for my investigation. The most disgruntled when Roderigo had been murdered. I had to hand it to him; he’d played his part well.
Jenn sat huddled next to me with the shotgun in hand. The Enforcers hadn’t bothered to remove that from her. And why? A shotgun would only anger a celestial. I brushed her hair to try and comb it, to try and put her at ease.
“It’ll be alright,” I said. “We’re gonna leave here okay.”
She nodded and put herself together. I eyed the shotgun and she held it closer to her. Michael and the Enforcer Prime had said some things to me, but I ignored them for the most part. The two hadn’t left our sight and were now fidgety. That itself confused me. They were being nice to me now, trying to be friendly. Even the Enforcer Prime tried to calm us down. After what they had done to Lucifer, their attempts were odd. 
“You murdered your own son,” was the first thing I said. I was in such shock that my brain wasn’t working right. 
“I have many sons, Adams,” said the Enforcer Prime. “Roderigo would have understood that for the greater good, his sacrifice was necessary. And besides that, my greatest child is here with us.” He eyed Michael. I did see the resemblance, but it wasn’t as pronounced as it had been with Roderigo. 
“Well, Adams?” said Michael. He had tucked away his pistol.
“Well, what?” I said and put a cigarette in. They didn’t object to me lightning it. 
“Your wife, human. You surely figured out by now that is why you two are here,” said the Enforcer Prime. “We are going to bargain for her soul.”
“The Pit Lord suggested my name to the Committee,” I said.
“We suggested your name to him first,” said the Enforcer Prime. 
I smiled. “Why are you lying?” I said to the Enforcer Prime. “It’s all out in the open now. The Pit Lord hated Enforcers, but you want me to believe he took friendly advice from you two? Ha! Tell me who else is involved.” 
The Enforcer Prime remained resolute, but not Michael. 
“I won’t tolerate insolence from you when directed at my father. Mind your tongue,” Michael said slowly, as if talking to a child. 
“Then stop lying to me,” I said the same way. 
The Enforcer Prime laughed while Michael fumed. 
“It is pointless to argue with him, son. Very well. We had a liaison speak to the Pit Lord on our behalf without him knowing it. Someone he considered a neutral party,” the Enforcer Prime said.
I had figured that. “Right. This person called you after we saw Craig Deluxe the first time. There was no other way for your son to have popped up like that. Then you had this person hinder my case at every turn, tearing out pages from the case file I needed, turning off the radio that would have given us news about what was going on, and only reluctantly helping me when it would have been too suspicious not to. And finally, this person shadowed me, literally, breaking mirrors I could have used to call the Committee and stop the assassination of Roderigo. He was the one who called your son just when the Pit Lord had decided to help me,” I said in one bitter mouthful. “Come on out, Harry.”  
The look on the Enforcers was priceless. They really did think I was a dullard, which was an advantage. Harry popped out of my shadow, like he had in the Abstract Realm. He pulled out a shadow-cigarette and smoked it. He didn’t say anything but I could see he wasn’t liking this at all.
“That lie you told me about not having power in this realm was what first tipped me off,” I said to Harry. “Celestials have power here just like they do in their respective realms.”
“Adams,” said Harry. “Give me a chance to explain...”
“Is that why you befriended me in the Abstract Realm, you sorry sap?” I said.
Harry didn’t answer, but I could see the conflict in his face. 
“Very good, detective,” said the Enforcer Prime without any joy on his face. “To business. Shadow Monger, tell your friend Adams that his wife is not beyond help.”
“It’s true, buddy,” said Harry, a little more cunning showing in his sorrowful face. “No one in the Pit is beyond help.”
“Shut up!” I told Harry and he dropped his cigarette. To the Enforcer Prime I said, “What can you possibly do for my wife?”
“You are not so wise as I had thought then,” he said. “Helping your wife is not beyond my abilities, if you help us that is. It is as simple as that, human.”
I laughed. I couldn’t help a few stray tears from leaving my eyes. Anybody else would have been overwhelmed with joy, but I was a little smarter than your average potato. The Enforcers wanted to use me, not help me, and damned be my wife. 
“Yes, use that detective mind of yours to see what the advantageous thing is,” said Michael. “You are a do-gooder, like we are. Let the detective figure out what the right thing for your wife is, Adams.” 
“Do this simple favor for us,” said the Enforcer Prime.
“Do what?” I said.
“All we need is for you to live,” said the Enforcer Prime. “Live past the time when the sun rises and regain your humanity in full.”
“Why not force me to do it?” I said.
“You must choose to stay behind instead of choosing to return to the Committee,” said the Enforcer Prime. “Free will is powerful.”
“And how’s keeping me alive going to help you overthrow the Committee?” I said, but I already had an idea. 
The Enforcer Prime smiled. “My brethren are quick to anger but just as quick to make up. Even now, I am sure doubts grow in the minds of the Pit Lords and my servants about taking military action,” he said. “They need a small shove to come to war.”
Of course. At six in the morning I would become completely human again. The re-emergence of my soul in the Realm of the Living would confuse the Process. In order to readjust, it would stop and then bring back to life anyone who had died after me. That would be devastating enough, but something more horrific would follow. 
See, the humans who had died and gone to the Pit had endured endless torture, like my wife. If they came back to life it would only be to cause havoc on others as a result of what they had experienced. And then there would be those who had gone into the Collective Whole and been recycled into new souls that were now in the bodies of living humans. The Process would rip out chunks of the recycled souls to recreate the old souls, leaving some as patchworks, causing immeasurable pain. Those poor saps would be the worst off, not quite sure if they were alive or dead. It would be a catastrophe for human society. 
Maybe the Pit Lords would blame the Enforcers or vice versa, not that it mattered since the result would be the same: Civil war. And Michael and the Enforcer Prime were within an inch of getting what they wanted. But for my wife’s sake, I kept my head level. I collected my thoughts and then spoke.
“So the planet will be in chaos, the Committee in civil war, and what about the Executor? Think he’s sitting this one out?” I said cynically. 
“He hears us now,” said Michael.
“Yet here we stand,” finished the Enforcer Prime, a sinister grin on his face. 
He had a point. The Executor could have easily told the Committee who was behind Giovanni’s murder. And why hadn’t he done anything about Mercutio or Roderigo or Lucifer? 
“Why is he letting this happen?” I said.
The Enforcer Prime let out a long breath. I could tell this was a question he had struggled with too. “You saw this era, full of sin and sedition. Humans wander aimlessly through life becoming ever more devoid of purity,” he said.
“And the Committee isn’t helping!” said Michael like an evangelical at a gathering. “The Executor has to watch it all play out, every deceit, every depraved act, every mother murdering her child, every man raping his daughter, every deviant killing for pleasure.”
“In this era it is much worse. You wonder why he does not answer us as he used to, well that is why. He cannot help but know and know and know. He must welcome us and what we will create,” said the Enforcer Prime. 
“And what is that?” I said. The cigarette hung limp from my mouth.
“It’s simple! What the world requires, the Committee cannot give: Clear guidance,” said Michael and pounded one fist into the other. 
“The Committee is too gray and the Executor lacks the desire,” said the Enforcer Prime.
“How can humanity know Right and Justice when they have no image of absolute good? How can they stray from impurities if they do not fear absolute evil?” said Michael.
“We shall provide that,” said the Enforcer Prime. “I shall reign from the Throne of Light as their Savior, visiting the Realm of the Living, letting them touch me and know me.”
“And I shall rule over the Pit in a fair manner, where even the sons of celestials are not free from judgment! I will become the image of absolute evil and haunt their living days if they stray from the path,” said Michael. “Two absolutes! Mightier than the Committee!”
“With a few other perks thrown in, I’m sure, like dominion over the four realms,” I said with a sad grin on my face. I turned to Harry. “What did they promise you? The Abstract Realm?”
Harry shook his shadowy head. “They’ll make sure no one gets leached by the Abstract Realm. They’ll get real tests and the worthy will rise or remain whole,” he said. “No more having to watch good people disintegrate into nothing. No more, Adams...” 
Poor Harry wanted something genuine. I began to think he wasn’t such a monster after all. But he had betrayed me and I wasn’t about to forgive that any time soon.
“Give me a minute, yeah?” I said and stood up. 
“Think this through, but quickly, for there is little time to make decisions,” said Michael. 
Jenn had her eyes on me, so full of sorrow. I had a very ugly choice to make. Let my wife rot in the Pit or play along with the two Enforcers. Not much of a choice really. There was only one real goal, to free Karen. And that made things clear, crystal in fact. I kept the cigarette unlit in my lips. I made my choice. But I needed one last piece of information from them. What had brought me here in the first place.
“Killing a pair of important lordlings really got the fires of civil war burning. But why was Giovanni one of them?” I said. “It’s bugging me now that I know that Giovanni only wanted to perform a spiritual sex change. I mean he couldn’t possibly go to the Committee because of you, or even his father because the Pit Lord was too disappointed with him. Plus you already had another, better target to anger the Pit Lords. It just doesn’t make sense if he didn’t pose a threat to you. So, why?”
“Irrelevant information, Detective Adams,” said Michael, a blunt edge to his voice. 
I paid him no mind and continued. “You went to all the trouble of hiding a Purifier for several hundred years and sorting through thousands of souls in the Abstract Realm to find me, which shows you had time and patience. But you murdered Giovanni two weeks ago. According to your schedule, all the murders were supposed to happen in another year. So all this seems awful rushed. Did it really bother you that he wanted to become a dame? He was nothing to you, a spoiled lordling who needed punishment, a pawn.”

“I beg you, Adams, make a decision. We have no time for idle chatter,” said the Enforcer Prime.
“Was it revenge then? He double crossed you and he got what he deserved? I don’t think so. That’s more the style of the Pit Dog, Frank Marr. You two couldn’t even dirty your hands to kill him and had humans do the work for you. So, why? Answer me that and I’ll play along,” I said. 
The hint of a smile formed on Michael’s face. He was losing it. You could almost see the patience trickling down his cheek. 
“Ever the detective...but this issue has no bearing on what will happen,” Michael said.  
“It has all the bearing in the world,” I said. “If you want me to break the Committee’s laws and help destroy them, I gotta know you tied up all the loose ends. It’s not just my soul on the line, but my wife’s soul in the Pit. I have to know to be sure. What was Giovanni trying to do that made you deviate from those well laid plans of yours?”
“Enough! You’ll either join us or you will join your wife in the Pit!” said Michael and tore off his necktie.
“Son,” said the Enforcer Prime. His tone was commanding but Michael resisted, huffing and balling his hands into fists.
“All this careful planning, father...” said Michael. “He’s a bigger fool than Giovanni.”
I smiled and clapped. “I get it now,” I said. “The hothead was responsible! Sure, look at him now, stewing in his own juices. Let me guess, sir, Giovanni made your son pop a nerve and he sent the Purifier after him.” No one answered. “If this is your prize child, I’d hate to see the dumb one!” The Enforcer Prime lowered his head. A tiny smile appeared over his mouth. It was delicious to see Michael’s eyes bulge when he saw it. The son ran towards me, his fist ready.
The Enforcer Prime got a grip on Michael. “Make your choice, Adams,” he said. He managed to calm Michael enough with Harry’s help. 
I wasn’t going to give the bastard a chance to cool off.  
“No thanks then,” I said. I lit the cigarette, blew some smoke in the direction of the Enforcer Prime and put on my best poker face. It was time to gamble.
“Have you not listened to reason?” said the Enforcer Prime. “Are you daft, man?”
“He’s a great fool!” said Michael, twisting, fighting his father’s grip.
“My brain still works. I’m staying on the winning side,” I said and pointed a thumb at my chest with a gentle smile. “My side.”
With unnatural strength Michael broke free and lifted me up, up above him. I took a long drag off the cigarette and blew the smoke in his face, which he coughed at me.
“We are the winning side!” he said and started to shake me like a bad kitten. The Enforcer Prime rushed to him and so did Harry, trying to calm him down. “No!” he said to them. “We have worked endlessly to bring this plan to fruition and I will not have him ruin it! Speak!”
“What are you thinking, pal?” said Harry.
I licked my lips. Harry still hadn’t mentioned the necklace in my pocket. I was right about him. 
“It’s what you said about the Executor,” I said. “You think he isn’t doing anything because he welcomes a change.” I shook my head. “Not me. I prefer to think he isn’t stopping you because he knows you’re not gonna pull this off...and if that’s the case, then I’m probably going to escape and beat you.”
Michael turned to his father, aghast. I was right about his ego at least. Michael had honestly not considered the possibility that they might lose. But the Enforcer Prime’s face became shrewd. It was revealing and it explained a few things.
“Look at your father! The thought’s crossed his mind,” I said. Michael’s face remained defiant, but it wasn’t resolute like his father’s. He snuck a glance at the Enforcer Prime and then back to me. “And you’re too stupid to know what he’s planning for you.” Michael’s eyes wouldn’t leave mine. I had him. “He knows you’re too dumb to figure it out, so I’ll help you.”
The Enforcer Prime laughed. “Oh, let him talk. Let him talk until his time runs out and he’ll be forced to join us to keep his wife out of the Pit!”
I snapped my fingers and Michael turned back to me. “You know your father wouldn’t be stupid enough to do something like this without an escape plan. And you’re it.”
“Silence!” said Michael, but he did turn to his father, who remained cool and smiling. 
“The gun that killed the Pit Lord can be traced to you. And so can the forbidden book I found in Giovanni’s house,” I said and motioned to it. “Pick it up, Harry and read the hidden name in the inside cover.”
Harry moved towards the bundle with the book in it. “It has his name,” said Harry and shrugged towards Michael.
“You weren’t stupid enough to write it in there yourself when you gave it to Giovanni, right?” I said to Michael.
The Enforcer Prime said, “This is a desperate ploy, son. Truly, it is.”
“Let me see it!” Michael said to Harry. The Shadow Monger brought the book over and the young Enforcer cringed when he saw. 
“At first I thought Giovanni wrote it there to tip off the right people. But the handwriting doesn’t match his fine, fine writing. And it was written in such a way that you wouldn’t notice it unless you were looking for it.” Doubt was starting to show in Michael. “Your father probably had you make all the visits to the Realm of the Living and the Abstract Realm. Made sure it was you who handled the forbidden manuscript. Keeping himself invisible throughout so that if it all fell apart everything could be traced back to you,” I said.
Michael turned a pained set of eyes towards his father. Dumb and short tempered as he was, he couldn’t ignore what was right in front of him.
“I am in the Committee and any absence would have been noted!” said the Enforcer Prime. “Do not dare look at me like that! Tear out his tongue so he stops speaking nonsense!”
But Michael didn’t move. The Enforcer Prime became enraged at last and took me out of his son’s grip like he might remove a toy from a child. The ancient face of this Enforcer was brilliant before me. I flicked the remains of my cigarette in his face. The bright orange cinders went right into his eyes, making him growl. 
The Enforcer Prime raised his hand, probably to crush my skull, but Michael grabbed it and stopped him. Jenn, quick to react, put two shotgun shells in the Enforcer Prime, which did little more than turn his attention to her. It gave me enough time to pull out my gun and put two Thunderbolt bullets in his ashen face. He let me go.
Michael was confused for a moment and then must have decided that it was better to kill me. He rushed me but Harry became a shadowy blanket and engulfed him. It was a nice effect, but it wouldn’t last long and it would probably cost him his existence.
“Run!” I told Jenn and we both ran out of her place.
I got a last look at Harry as he struggled with Michael. The Enforcer pulled out his gun. I had no time to think about that. The lightning strikes from the Thunderbolt bullets came shortly after, but we didn’t stop. I wouldn’t let her stop until we got to her car and were on our way.
“Hit the gas!” I said. 
I expected trouble. Sure enough, I caught a glimpse of Michael flying overhead without much regard for the prostitutes, pimps, and dope peddlers still out. It was bad news, but at least I didn’t see the Enforcer Prime, which meant the lightning had put him out for a while at least. 
Michael dove down and tore off the top of her car, giving her a new convertible top. He tried to claw at Jenn. She swerved to try to shake him off, but that did no good. And I couldn’t get a clean shot either because of the mad turbulence. 
“Brakes!” I said.
She hit the brakes and the Enforcer flew out in front of the car. She smiled and hit the gas. He was too quick and jumped away. But he wasn’t out of the fight. He flew into the air and dove back down. This time I was his target. But as soon as he got a grip on me I unloaded the remaining Thunderbolt bullets into his face and chest. 
The idiot clung to me, his teeth gritted, an expression of infinite hatred on his face. He tried to pull me out of my seat but all he got was the torn remains of my trench-coat. And when the first lightning bolt hit him square in the chest, he flew backwards, losing us. In midair he let out a deafening roar as bolt after bolt of lightning found its mark on his body.





Chapter 34:
5:00 AM




I honesty had no idea why the Executor hadn’t stopped Michael and the Enforcer Prime. But the question haunted me. To stop thinking about that, I turned to the east where the first hints of a newborn sun grew more intense. It didn’t help. How many mornings had the Executor watched? What was knowledge to this being? It couldn’t be what I considered knowledge. Just trying to encompass my life was difficult enough, but to have to consider the lives of all who had ever lived was beyond me...  
A feeling grew in my gut. It’s that sensation you get as the roller coaster car slowly creeps up and up towards the top of that first hump. It’s the anticipation of a wild ride that may end in disaster. There was a dire situation brewing in the universe. The Executor’s indifference was a sign of it. The detective in me wanted to continue to chip away at that, but how could I? How do you solve a problem that you can’t grasp?  
“I can see the hamsters turning the wheel in your head,” said Jenn.
“What?”  
“What are you thinking?”
I wanted to tell her about the problem with the Executor, but if I did that I would also have to explain the Committee and the four realms. She was a quick witted shamus but it would be too much all at once. So I went with something more familiar to her. 

“If you could talk to god, what would you say?” I said. She rolled her eyes. “Serious question, Jenn.”
She thought for a second. “I would tell god to keep those meteors away from us.” 
“You wouldn’t ask him why he doesn’t answer your prayers?”
“Nah,” she said. “When my dad ditched us, I didn’t go chasing after him. It hurt but it made me stronger, more independent.” She took a deep breath. “I was scared earlier, about going to the Pit. I could pray all my life, but I’m sure god won’t answer. I can’t live my life in fear, man. So, I’m okay with him ignoring me.”
I smiled. Jenn really put it in perspective. She remained quiet throughout the drive back to Nadia’s house, but when we pulled into the darkened neighborhood she turned to me. 
“What happens at six?” she said.
I told her everything that would happen if I stayed. If she was surprised by what I told her, I couldn’t tell.
“Wouldn’t it have helped Cairenn for you to join them?” she said.
“It would have got her out of the Pit,” I said. There was a bitter taste in my mouth. 
“Then...”
“Then nothing,” I said, maybe a little too harsh. “The woman I knew isn’t the woman who’s in the Pit now. If she came back, she would be a monster, the product of endless torture. You think my eyes are creepy, but to look in her eyes would drive you mad.”

“How do we help her,” she said. She sniffled. “You can’t just leave her there.”
“I know,” I said. “The people I’m working for promised to wipe away all my impurities if I do this job for them. I think I have just enough to satisfy them. Maybe they’ll let me pass on my reward to her.”
“And what’ll happen to you?”
I didn’t answer. Instead, I got out of her car. She got out again, but I stopped her.
“I go alone. I just have to return the necklace and find out why it got two people killed,” I said.
She nodded. “I’ll be right here,” she said. 
I gripped both her arms. “It’s too dangerous!” I said. “You saw what they can do. Run somewhere out of state. After a week summon my ghost. If I succeeded, I’ll tell you it’s okay. But if I don’t, you disappear, become someone else and you forget you ever saw me!” I checked the gun and there were no shots left. Not that I would need any Thunderbolt bullets for what I had to do here. I gave it to her. “Sell this if you need cash. I bet you get plenty for it at an antique shop.” Those dark eyes of hers just looked at me. She retreated into her car and drove away.
I knocked on the door. The peeper opened and Nadia’s eyes were there. I pulled out the necklace and those eyes shone bright. The door opened and she let me in. She was still in the silk robe, but she had put on jewelry, ceremonial things. 
Nadia led me downstairs to that place of worship she had created. It was different now, with the young babes arranged in a circle and runes drawn to create its outline. This was a very elaborate thing. On the podium was a tome. I wished I could read it, but I knew it was the real thing. 
“I don’t think we’ll need that ritual after all,” I said. I offered her the necklace and when she reached for it, I snatched it back. “First you tell me what it is.”
“I told you that already,” she said.
She urged me towards the circle of runes and women. I followed her but stopped right at the edge of it. One of the girls tried to grab my arm but I shrugged her off. This made Nadia giggle. The girls removed their robes to reveal their nubile bodies.
“Come into the circle,” said Nadia. Her voice was the purr of a kitten.
I pulled out a cigarette, which made her face cringe. “Why?” I said and lit it. “You don’t even have the book for the ritual yet. What good will it do me to go in there?”
“You are too suspicious, dear,” said Nadia. She reached out for the necklace again. “Please.”
“Not until you tell me what it is,” I said. “It’s not just a magical talisman. It’s much more than that.” 
“It is not,” she said defiantly.
“Why was Giovanni trying to change the gender of his soul?”
The question got her right in the gut. She opened her mouth to speak, but no words came out. 
“His father told me,” I said. I held up the necklace. “Whatever he was trying to do got him and Maria killed. What was it? Can’t you tell me the truth about that?”
Her breathing became heavy and she eyed the necklace like those homeless people in Hollywood eyed their soup. Her shoulders sagged. She let out a breath.
“Giovanni...he came here the sorriest of men,” she said. “His father had forced him to do terrible things in order to become cruel. He sided with the people who ultimately murdered him because they offered an alternative to the way the world worked. But he said they were just like his father, as fanatical about their ways.”
“And he turned on them,” I said.
“Yes,” she said and sat down in the middle of the circle. The girls crawled next to her and held her. “The atrocities he committed ate away at him. The only thing he wanted was forgiveness. When he met Maria, he wanted forgiveness for the world.”
“How does this grant that?” I said and held up the necklace again. Its weight had increased tenfold.
I waited as she walked to the place where she kept the tomes. She picked one out and brought it to me. It wasn’t a tome at all, but a black notebook with drawings. The pages were large, maybe 1’ X 2’. She reached a page and stared at it before showing it to me. It was a sketch of that painting in progress I had seen at Giovanni’s house. On the page next to this drawing Giovanni did a close up of the face he wanted to use. It was his face, like in the painting. I looked up at Nadia and said, “What does it mean?” 
“At the dawn of civilization, when the first humans walked out of Africa, the Mother descended and gave them the elements of culture. When they had evolved enough, She gave them this pendant. In those days a young woman, pure of spirit, would wear it and become a vessel. And into this vessel the Mother would enter and walk amongst us,” she said. “Sometimes She would fashion dresses out of white, white clouds. And once She was said to have reached for the full moon and held it in Her hands like we would a melon. Such were the miracles She could perform.”
I put out my hand to stop her.
“You’re telling me this thing summons a goddess?” I said. My tone was cynical. No one said anything so I laughed. “And Giovanni was going to be this vessel?”
“Yes,” she said. “It has been generations since the Mother entered a vessel. Giovanni solved that mystery. He said the Mother and other powerful beings like Her were forced into a place called the Forgotten Realm by Elohim before vanishing. Since then, the Executor carries out Elohim’s will. Giovanni said a human vessel could not break the enchantments that keep Her in that place. But a celestial half-breed…pardon…I meant, a lordling with a feminine soul could. He wanted to change his soul to become the ultimate vessel for the Mother.”
I considered that a moment. Giovanni wouldn’t have known where to find a lordling with a female soul and even if he had, how could he convince that lordling to betray their parent? And by that point he probably didn’t trust anyone in the Committee enough to ask for a volunteer. It made sense he wanted to change his soul. And then there was that other nonsense: A fifth realm and another mention of that Elohim.  
“And this Mother can forgive us all?” I said. 
“Would your mother not forgive you no matter what?” she said, but I didn’t answer. “The Mother gave birth to humanity. She would forgive all and cleanse all. Giovanni preferred that to the alternative the others offered him.” 
“They wanted a world where absolute good and evil reigned,” I said. It was a tragic thing that he had failed. The necklace now weighed as much as the world. I didn’t want to hold it. I was too dirty to hold it.
“May I please have it back now?” she said. “The Sisters of Night will be here to protect it until the time comes when a vessel worthy of the Mother is born. Only then will She walk amongst us.” She extended her hand to me. 
I could have let her have it. She knew what it was and would pass it down until it found the right hands. If I took it with me, the Committee would get it and who knew what they would do with it, maybe destroy it as a threat to their power. 
But see, Nadia was a sexual deviant, not a lesbian, not a priestess, not even a pagan. She was the female equivalent of a dirty old man. The Sisters of Night was a sham meant to draw in the pretty girls. I looked from face to face, beautiful things who engaged in sexual acts as a way to worship, not knowing they were toys for Nadia to play with. They couldn’t see the monster before them. Were they really lewd because they didn’t know any better? 
I remembered Giovanni then and Nadia’s mother. They didn’t think she should have it. And in that moment I figured out why. 
“No,” I said. “This is coming with me.”
To say Nadia was aghast would be inadequate. It was like I sucked the life out of her. 
“Why?” she said.
“There’s one hiccup to this case I haven’t been able to figure out. Maybe you can help me with it,” I said. 
“My patience is growing thin!” she said.
“Then I’ll be brief,” I said. “Giovanni was in league with celestials who are truly powerful. But they’re not all-knowing. They’re limited beings, see?”
“No! Please get to the point!” she said.
“That’s the point. They don’t know everything. How did they find out that Giovanni had turned on them? The man wasn’t dumb enough to tell them himself. He didn’t even tell his partner, Frank Marr. Someone had to blow the whistle and betray him,” I said. 
“Perhaps they spoke with that Lady Chris,” she said. 
“Maybe. They trusted Chris enough to tell him something like that,” I said. “But it wasn’t him. Lady Chris didn’t even know which necklace was the right one. Try again.”
She thought for a moment, her mouth wide open. “Daniel Painter!” she said and clapped her hands.
“It wasn’t Painter,” I said. “Painter wasn’t smart enough about the supernatural. And I could tell that he and Marr weren’t real close. That’s why Painter’s dead now.” The news didn’t bother her. She didn’t even flinch. “And besides that, you don’t seriously think that Giovanni and Maria trusted Painter enough to tell him a secret like that? It just wasn’t possible. Do you see why it wasn’t Painter?”
“I don’t follow your logic. This doesn’t concern me,” she said, defiant.
I laughed. “It should. You know exactly what I’m talking about,” I said. I looked around the girls. “You betrayed Giovanni and Maria and those suckers you hired to find the necklace and in the end even Painter. He was working for you. He was your cat’s paw.” 
This time she broke out in mad laughter that made the girls back away. Nadia pointed a finger at me and couldn’t stop laughing. 
“Betray Maria and Giovanni? I loved both of them! And Painter working for me? The man detested us!” she said.
I pulled out the postcard for the Sisters of Night and threw it at her. “Then why did he have that handy in his personal desk at home?” I said. She stumbled with answers. “When we left Painter’s place he must have called you, which is why you were so reluctant to see us at first. And then you called him later when I came by with knowledge about the necklace. You told the celestial to set up that little meeting at Marr’s Place hoping that we would kill each other.” 
I waited for her to rebuttal what I had said but it was too damning. So I continued.
“Stop me if this sounds familiar. Giovanni, Maria, and Victor must have mentioned the role Painter would play in the events tonight. So when they stole your necklace, he was the obvious person to collar for help in retrieving it. Except Painter was dumb about enchantments and all of that. His only real use was knowing where Pit lordlings would be and when. So he was no good for what you wanted. That’s why you turned to Frank Marr, who you knew was also involved in the plan tonight. He could contact the celestial in charge. 
“You probably memorized the name and then called the celestial here and told him everything. That’s why Marr was in the dark about the necklace too. What did you tell the celestial, Nadia? That Giovanni was about to summon something more powerful than the Executor? It doesn’t matter. You scared them enough to eliminate Giovanni for what he wanted to do. And when the deed was done, you scavenged after the necklace like a vulture,” I said. 
“And why would I have done that?” she said, not really looking at me. “If he had succeeded, the Mother would have brought about a golden era of prosperity.”
“You’re right. You wouldn’t have. But you knew that no matter what Giovanni tried, he wouldn’t get it to work. The necklace needs the right host, remember? And a Pit lordling and a monster like you weren’t good enough,” I said. 
“You’ve defeated your own logic!” she said and laughed. “Why would I betray them?”
“My guess? Because they snubbed you. They got tired of playing along with your ‘ceremonies’ and decided they didn’t need you. Or maybe it was because Giovanni preferred to perform the ritual with Maria, born a man, instead of a real woman like you,” I said. “Either way, they injured that beautiful pride of yours.”
Nadia gritted her teeth. The mask had broken down. She was a haggard woman who clung to what youth she had left and the appetites she could still satisfy. 
“You’re right. I know his true name,” she said. “I can call him now and end this.”
I walked into the circle and got in her face. “Do it, sister!” I brought the necklace up. “Call him here and I’ll show him this!” Her horrified eyes and the way she covered her mouth were devastating. “You were a little too cunning to tell the celestials everything, weren’t you?”
“I only told them Giovanni knew where the pendant was,” she said and backed away. “I was beautiful once, you know.” She let her robe fall as she slithered onto the floor. She considered her wrinkles. “Now I’m ashes. Ashes!” she said and sobbed. The young babes went to her immediately, comforting her with their touch and kisses. 
I left her there, like that. The Process would deal with her when she died. Outside, the sun had begun to rise again, warning me of how little time I had left. And parked alongside Nadia’s curve was Jenn. In the gloomy light, her car had the appearance of a torn up coffin. She sat on its bent hood until she spotted me. Then she jumped up and pranced over to me. She met me as I advanced towards her. 
“I forgot to say goodbye, grandpa,” she said with a straight face. “Is it grandpa or great grandpa? Does it matter?”
I shook my head. Stubborn. Stubborn. Stubborn! I laughed and gave her a hug. In many ways, women are better suited for the harsh realities of the world, while men run away to the clouds with their fantasies.
She nodded and kissed my cheek. “So what is it?” she said. “The necklace.”
Jenn had inherited the worst of me, my nature. That made me laugh, but then I stopped to consider what to tell her. I could have said the one thing that was perfect for the situation, Bogey’s last line in The Maltese Falcon. And that would have made Spade and Marlowe and Bogey proud. But the reality of what I held in my hands, the pain of bearing this thing that the world needed--which I needed even more. It wouldn’t let me. I would have mocked the situation, mocked Giovanni and the gallant thing he and Maria had tried to do for all of us. It was immoral.
“It’s regret and pain,” I said. “It’s what’s left of dreams when they break, Jenn.”




**~~~**



**~~~**



III:
The Realm Above





Chapter 35:
Absolution




No one had bothered to remove me from my body so all the aches and pains were there. I stood in front of the Committee in some kind of chamber. They were in the middle of a discussion about me. When they finished, they all turned to me. The dire expression on the face of the Angelus girl told me it wasn’t good. The Enforcer Prime was there. He was immaculate as always, but he stared at me without the tender smile he had worn during other encounters. 
“Have you anything to say, Adams,” said the Angelus girl. 
I pulled out the necklace and held it up. Their heads whipped to it and the thing became warmer. “Giovanni was murdered because of this. The lordling wanted to change the gender of his soul so that he could become a vessel for the being this pendant summons.” The whispered discussions that took place now were full of curiosity.
The Angelus girl said, “Speak. Who murdered him?”
I spoke most of the tale I just told you. As evidence I gave them the location of Benvolio, the transformation tome and I asked them to inspect Michael’s gun because it had fired Celestial Atonement at the dead lordling’s father. They summoned him by name. The pummeled body of Michael appeared. He tried to attack me. But they stopped him real quick. As expected, the Enforcer Prime turned on his son.
“I am appalled,” said the Enforcer Prime and descended to where Michael was. He slapped him several times. “My own son responsible for such atrocities!”
“Father?” said Michael. He turned to me with horror in his eyes. “No...”
“I told you so,” I said.
And that’s when Michael began to sing. He told them everything. The Enforcer Prime tried to stop him, but the others held him back. He pulled out his gun to unleash Celestial Wrath, but a ray of light ripped it from his hand. The Executor. About damn time. The Enforcer Prime and Michael disappeared, leaving the rest of the Committee to discuss things.
“Well done, Adams,” said the Angelus girl. “I move to grant him immediate Absolution.”
“Wait,” I said. “My wife, Cairenn Adams. She’s in the Pit and I thought maybe you could give her Absolution instead,” I said. I tried not to sound like I was begging, but I was.
“To do what you ask would repeat the crimes of the Purifiers, the Sin Eaters as you call them,” they all said at once. The Angelus girl actually shed tears.
“Forgive us,” said one of the Enforcers. “But we cannot grant your request.”
I blurted out obscenities I won’t repeat here. It was too much. When I calmed down I said, “Do something. Please.”
The Angelus girl came forward to speak, but a beam of light hit the back of her head. This startled her and she turned to the other Committee members.
“The Executor,” said the Angelus girl, winded. “He has made an unusual suggestion.”
“What is it?” I said.
“He will allow the Process to reincarnate her. If you agree, she will be removed from the Pit right away and her soul will be placed in a newborn child,” she said. “This will allow her a chance to balance out the impurities in her soul.”
“Do it,” I said.
“But you must return to the Abstract Realm...” said the Angelus girl.
“I don’t care,” I said. Just having Karen out of the Pit was worth it. 
“It is done,” said the Angelus girl. That was good enough for me. I looked up at her and our eyes met. “Is there something else, Adams?”
I wanted to ask about the Executor. But what Jenn had said made sense now. Maybe he doesn’t care or is too busy to talk, but it’s pointless to obsess over why. The world is ours.
“No, but thanks,” I said. 
I blinked and I was back in the Abstract Realm, in the replica of my bedroom. It was dark and the full moon was out. All my injuries were gone and so were the aches and pains. And I noticed I had received a bonus: I remembered. All those mundane moments from my marriage with Karen were there. 
I gorged on the memories as I curled into a ball. All I could think about was Karen, Jenn, and Samantha. They still had a chance to breathe, and talk and love. It was better now. I wanted to believe that with all my heart but there were things that could never be better. My wife had endured a lifetime of horrors because of me. How could I make up for that?
But wouldn’t you agree that I tried? I helped set my wife free from the Pit. I stopped a plot to destabilize the universe, which would have cost countless lives. I did right. Some of you will say, “Yeah, brother, you did all you could to make up for hurting her.” So why don’t I feel like I deserve forgiveness? I don’t know. Maybe I just can’t forgive myself. Self-forgiveness might be harder to attain than the forgiveness of men and gods. Maybe self-forgiveness is all the absolution a person can honestly strive for in a hardboiled world ripe with broken dreams.





Epilogue:
1979




So close. The Executor had come so close to attaining what he craved most, but the two Enforcers had let him down. He admitted now that their plan to create absolutes was ridiculous. That was the problem with upstarts. They always had these ideas that in the end made the Executor laugh. 
If only the Enforcers had succeeded, the Process would have stopped completely and the four realms would have been in chaos. Reality might have spiraled out of control and destroyed everything. Now he would never know for sure. 
The human had foiled their plan. He let the detective have his victory. He was amusing in a way. And for that, he would grant him what was promised: A reincarnation. 
There was the roar and quake of things shifting to obey the will of a deviant being who had enough might to alter the universe. 
***
***
In the Spring of 1979, Phoebe Mae Benson sat on a hospital bed with her legs apart, suffering the agony of child birth. The contractions came at shorter intervals now and she wailed and wailed. Her husband, Richard Benson, stood there in both sympathetic pain and outrage. His wife was alone when a dozen doctors should be there to help her. True he was just a screenwriter, one of thousands in Hollywood, but his wife was practically royalty. She was the daughter of Elizabeth Short, the world famous actress nicknamed the Black Dahlia. His mother-in-law had starred in such hits as In a Lonely Place alongside Humphrey Bogart and last year she had gotten an Oscar nomination for her role in Autumn Sonata. Didn’t that matter anymore? 
“Richard!” said Phoebe and gritted her teeth as another contraction hit her. “Something’s not right! Get someone!”
Richard ran out and collared the first man he saw in a white coat. He pushed this doctor against a wall and said, “My wife needs someone!”
The doctor and two nurses followed Richard back to Phoebe’s room, assessed her condition and agreed that she needed help. The right doctors were called and went to work on her. She could not have the baby naturally so a c-section had to be performed. 
Two hours later, Richard stood in full scrubs watching as the doctor brought into the world a screaming baby girl. He wanted to rush to the child and kiss her and hold her, such was the passion he felt. But he simply laughed and waited. He hardly noticed the ten degree rise in the room’s temperature. Soon, however, pride and love turned to horror when the child began to wail with such intensity that it forced his wife to cry out, “What’s wrong with her, doctor?” 
The doctor too became alarmed and inspected the child’s limbs. Maybe an arm had been broken or a leg. The baby would not stop and made everyone present feel uncomfortable. 
“Why is she crying like that?” said Richard at last. “What’s wrong with her?” 
***
Richard watched his baby daughter from behind a glass wall. She had stopped crying and slept peacefully at last. A hand gently gripped his shoulder. He turned and his father was there. Richard and his father were not on the best of terms, but today his father carried a tender smile. And this gesture offered the son comfort.
“The doctors said she’s fine,” said his father.
“I know.” His father stood next to Richard and both men admired the beautiful girl. “But when I heard her crying like that, dad...I wanted to take her in my arms. I wanted to hurt what was hurting her. I wanted to be there for her.” 
“Look at you,” said his father. There was pride in his old voice. 
“Look at me,” said Richard. “What if I can’t do this? What do I know about being a good father anyway? I’m just a schmuck in Bell-Bottoms who thinks he can write.”
His father laughed and there was some quality to it that was assuring. “You’re not the first man to think that,” said his father. “We all go through it, that awkward change from boy to man and then from man to father. And not one of us thinks we’ll be any good at it.”
“So, what does that mean?”
“It means you do the best that you can and hope your kids love you when it’s all said and done,” said his father.
“Dad...” The two men embraced.
“You already did the hard part,” said his father. “Accepting the responsibility takes guts. A king may ascend to his throne, but we have to ascend to the head of the family.”
They both turned to the child.
“What’ll you name her?” said his father.
“Phoebe named her after her mother.”
“Ah. Elizabeth. That’s a good name,” said his father. “Maybe they’ll call her Elizabeth Benson, the White Dahlia.”
***
***
It was done. Yet the Executor had done it in a way that would ensure his own destruction. He would have to wait decades before this new plan came to fruition, but the end result would be worth it. 
In the meantime, there was another upstart to deal with. And this new one was very aggressive. Already, this creature had set a devastating plan in motion in Los Angeles. 
There was no use in supporting what was about to happen, not if he had his own plan. So, he supposed he should let the Committee know about this new threat. But then, he had an idea. 
What if he pit the detective against the upstart? That would be most amusing to watch, especially since the upstart wanted the same things the Executor wanted: 
Misery.
Destruction.
Death!

###


About the Author:

Louis Corsair is an eight year veteran of the United States Army. Currently, he lives in Los Angeles, CA and attends Long Beach State University. He also works at the Peninsula Center Library in Palos Verdes, where books have become his family. To him, writing is more than a hobby or a passion; it is the only way to exist--at times life itself.
Before the end of 2012, Louis wants to publish several novelettes and some short stories for free. In 2013, he hopes to publish the continuing chapter in the Elohim Trilogy, Ascension.


Connect with Me Online:

Facebook: http://facebook.com/louis.corsair
My blog: http://louiscorsair.blogspot.com
Goodreads: http://goodreads.com/author/show/5804069.Louis_Corsair
