

Alexandria’s Knight
S.T. Rucker

Smashwords Edition

Copyright 2021 by S.T. Rucker. All Rights Reserved.




Table of Contents

1. Queen—God & Hell Willing
2. Of Gettin’ Hitched & Gettin’ It In
3. That Zahir
4. A Little Prayer
5. Strengths
6. Twist
7. Balso
8. Byways and Bygones
9. Sanctuary of The Damned
10. Pink Slip
11. Motel Hell
12. The Grapevine
13. Don’t Let Go
14. Angel in The Wings
15. A Woman So Heartless
16. Intervention, Pt. 2
17. Heaven’s Arrow
18. Angel in Disguise
19. Lucil
20. The Claim
21. Long Live The Queen
About S.T. Rucker
Other Titles by S.T. Rucker
Connect with S.T. Rucker
1
Queen—God & Hell Willing 

Dria

Balance. Its all about balance. And maintaining balance in the human world means that demons exist and, contrary to popular belief, we are not all inherently evil.
I am Alexandria— the next Queen of The Underworld. You're lucky I'm not evil. I mean, what can I say except you're welcome.
I step out of the roiling, tickling green-black flames of the fireplace and into the ambient lighting of the decadent parlor of Lord Delsius's manor house. I catch glimpse of myself in a wall of spotted, antique mirrors. I am all brown skin and curves in my short, blood red velvet dress, the gentle swell of my belly highlighting my thick thighs and shapely calves in studded stockings and heels. My red and black curls shine in beautiful bounty around my shoulders. I don't see a screaming, emaciated ghoul when I look in the mirror. Never have. That's lower level demons doing time deep in The Underworld for heinous crimes committed during their mortal life. Most of the rest us tend to look human.
A familiar, brusque clearing of throat instantly confirms that the corseted mini dress is too short, my thighs are on display, the heels are too high, and my cleavage is too noticeable. I look up into the yellow eyes of one of my guards, Fane, the strictest among them, and shrug. These little parties are the only place where I relax the dress code. I enjoy the way the dress feels against my skin, how my thighs brush together below the short hem. How every eye in the room is on me as I stand among my guards.
For my arrival, eight of my nine protectors flank the fireplace entrance of the parlor. Therius, Kel, Garrick, Damus, Calcifer, Wynferd, Eric (yep, just Eric), and the scowling Fane. I turn around as I feel the flames shift behind me in the grate and my final protector walks through. Even though the fireplace is high, he has to stoop a little to step inside the room like some of the others had. For a second, I enjoy the solidness of his presence, the steady warmth and sense of muscled grace from him standing so close. Adriel rises to his full height and gives me a little bow from the waist before joining the others.
Ordinarily, I wouldn't have the full number of my most elite guards with me at a party like this one with so many established acquaintances. But with my coronation coming up, everyone around me is a little paranoid. I get it. I am the next Demon Queen of The Underworld, Guardian of the Nine Keys of the Gates of Hell. Holder of God's Mirror. Commander of Legion and The Hoards. All demons and souls of The Underworld will answer to me.
That's if I can get mated by midnight of the next equinox.
I peek over at Adriel as I, my guard, and a small, elegant entourage move through the room, greeting familiar faces, shaking hands, and making smalltalk. As for who I get mated to, I have someone in mind obviously. Too bad he's more concerned with his duty than giving me and my dress those eyes right now.


Adriel

Alexandria's efforts have seen to her future as Queen. All we guards have to do is keep anything threatening her life out of the way.
Looking around at the demons present, I know most of them don't really care about who comes to rule The Underworld so long as it brings stability. Routine. But there is always a threat lurking somewhere. Always. And that's what me and the other eight guards are for.
Watching the room, I affirm again that I live in Alexandria's shadow bearing a blade of light to cut down all darkness in her path. I will always have her back.
Too bad I can't cut this down.
My eyes narrow as I track a handsome demon, my height, in a tan suit, shirt unbuttoned at the collar approaching Alexandria's circle of guards. His jet black hair is tousled carelessly, matching the jet black eyes that glitter as they fall on my Queen.
Sahir.
All of us know him and do not react to his presence as he approaches Dria. He bows and, without rising, holds out his hand for hers.
"My Queen Alexandria," he says in exultant tones. "It is always my deepest pleasure to bask in your presence."
She smiles at him indulgently, giving him her hands, both of which he kisses. Her eyes are red, the pupils narrowed, as she stares down at him with her chin raised regally.
I grind my teeth even though Sahir isn't a threat. Not only is he not a threat, he is an obvious candidate for our Queen's affections. She doesn't have to love him though. She just has to marry him and fuck him. Not necessarily in that order. She doesn't really need to be looking at him that way either. Or letting him touch her quite so lingeringly.
I've had to endure a parade of fools approaching her over the years leading up to this moment. Of course I don't approve of any of them. Not that my opinion matters. Dria will choose who she sees fit.
Doesn't stop me from wearing my molars down.
Watching Sahir charm her and make her laugh, I think back to that time years ago, to the forbidden moment. Her hand in mine. Her lips whispering in my ear.
I push the memory away.
I'm exactly where I'm supposed to be now. Where I am meant to be.
At her side.
When I look at Sahir's lusty gaze on Dria, I think he sees the same thing I do. Five foot three, brown skin, pretty brown eyes (Well brown some of the time), and a curvy figure that never misses a meal and relishes in dessert. Red beans and rice didn't miss her, feel me, and I can't think of anything more attractive than a woman who dresses to kill and eats well.
As I watch Sahir standing with Dria, I know I'm not the only one who feels that way.


2
Of Getting’ Hitches & Gettin’ it In

Dria

Sahir is always a pleasure.
I sip on a flute of champagne, watching a flame-haired woman in a glittering dress laugh at something a suited, horned demon is whispering in her ear.
So, yeah, I have to be mated in order to ascend the throne.
Don't be too upset. No one is forcing me to do anything. Mated doesn't necessarily mean I need to go get did, if you get what I'm saying. The truth? The truth is no one knows what it means. People just assume when reading demonic texts that because we're demons marriage or mating means getting it in and getting it on. It could be either or both— getting wed in some official capacity or having sex with a partner of your choice. Typically, both deeds are done just to be safe. What amounts to a wedding and the culmination of a honeymoon.
When you think about it, its still annoying and archaic. A woman isn't allowed to rule without getting married or sexing someone up?
There's an upside though. As prospective Queen, my mate is my choice. The Court can put forth candidates but ultimately I pick whoever I want. There's not a thing anybody can do about it.
I eye Adriel's tall, handsome profile. There's just something about his face that's beautiful. The curve of his jawline. The thick lashes over shapely violet eyes. The fall of his soft, dark locs down his broad shoulders and back. I love long hair. I love Adriel, too. I have almost from the first moment I saw him.
He's been my protector since I won my first bout thirteen years ago. The problem is that being my guard is all he thinks about. His dedication to his job is also one of the reasons I love him though. It made sense that he would reject my feelings as a blushing, stammering teenager who could barely look at him shirtless. But I am of age now. On my way to the Throne of Hell, no less. Old enough to take the throne and old enough do whoever and whatever I want.
I feel my eyes transform again, sliding from a very human brown with round pupils to scarlet and slit pupils. Part of me wants to take what I want, the consequences be damned.
A fanged demon in a cape and tux walks towards me, arms outstretched. He holds a silver handled cane in one hand, a woman on either side of him.
He sweeps a low bow as he stops within the circle of my protectors.
"Still a little pudgy around the middle, Lady Alexandria. Are you sure you are up to the job of being Queen of The Underworld?"
Delsius is a simple demon and of the Old World Order. All of what he says or doesn't say to someone in my position is simply another line in The Underworld's drawn-out play of drama, power, and hierarchy struggles. Honestly, as for what he just said, he isn't one to talk as his belly is rounder than mine. Delsius likely holds the opinion that a woman needs to be skinny as a twig and easy eye candy to do half the job a man can do, no matter how sexist and illogical that is.
"I welcome all challengers," I tell him, inclining my chin in a general show of respect. Instead of responding to what most would consider an insult and a challenge, I opt to give an air of graciousness. My protectors are watching him like hawks, their eyes displaying their displeasure with his words, ready to cut him down at the merest sign of more disrespect or physical threat. Adriel's violet eyes have darkened to an almost eggplant color and his hand is on the pommel of his sword. He knows better than to react over so small a slight. That same savage part of me imagines he cares enough to cut this mutherfucka's hand off for talking to me like that though.


Adriel

Mona steps into the circle of guards and touches Dria's arm, leaning close and probably talking trash about Delsius for the slight he delivered. Her friends come with her to these parties and political events but they often stay out of our way in case we need to surround her, hence the entourage tagging behind.
"Once you're sitting on that throne, I guarantee you he won't be talking that shit no more," I hear Mona whisper to Dria after Delisus has made his greeting, inquired about business, and gone on his way. She smooths her yellow dress down her body then grabs a glass of champagne from a passing waiter, looking irritated.
My own patience also wears thin and my hand itches on the warm hilt of my blade. The old goat will not insult my Queen again. Our Queen, that is.
Calypso, or Lippy, dressed in a bright blue dress the color of Caribbean waters, comes to Dria's side as well.
I like the two women but the Queen is the priority even if she insists that we treat anyone in her party as important enough to protect.
I hear the bullet before I see it zip by. Glass shatters, the nearest wall of antique mirrors falling to pieces. A pure, cleansing smell fills the air as more shots are fired, stinging my nose. It cuts through all like demonic energy in the room like a hot knife through butter. All at once, there's a rush of motion as people scramble and dive for exits.
Because even demons scream and scatter when bullets full of holy water spray the room.
"Let's move!" I call out. The Nine gather around Alexandria and backtrack towards the fireplace, keeping her low to decrease the chances of her getting hit. I move in close and grasp the back of her neck in my non-dominant left hand to make sure she stays down.
The fireplace we came here through is in view. Garrick and Therius flank the grate and rush us through. Alexandria, Wynferd, Fane, and I pass through while Damus and Eric stay back to help the group that came with us.
"That didn't last long," Dria grumbles as we exit the fireplace into the smaller, more modest parlor of her home in The Underworld. Calcifer comes in last, waving his hand over the grate. The rolling green flames vanish, extinguished.
We even managed to get all her shaken friends back through with us. All shaking except for Calypso and Mona. They've been in The Underworld about as long or longer than Dria and they're a couple of rough riders.
This has happened so many times at this point that no one should be shocked. Word traveling around is that The Church got wind of Alexandria's coming ascension to the Throne. Certain sects among them forget or don't believe that the Queen of The Underworld is part of a structure that brings balance to the realms of Heaven, Earth, and Hell. Its just a lot of "death to the demons" with those guys.
"This is why we want you to stay in the house until after you're crowned," I call out after her in a tone that even sounds nagging to me as she walks away.
"I hear you," she shouts back, going up the stairs. I can tell she's tired as she pauses at the top by the forced smile she shows everyone as she turns around. She announces, "Everyone is welcomed to stay the night here. There's plenty of room."
Her hospitality doesn't stop her from disappearing into her chambers upstairs with her friends.
I look at the rest of The Nine and we seem to be in silent agreement. At least she's finally in the house where we can keep a closer eye on her.


3
That Sahir 

Dria

So much to do, so little time.
I visit Sahir at his home without Mona and Calypso. God only knows the stream of distractions they'd keep up if I'd brought them along.
I do, however, invite Tigress, my seamstress. I figure I'd better kill two birds with one stone, what with my schedule being tight in places and locked down at home in others because of this coronation business.
With quick efficient hands, Tigress strips away the new dress she was pinning on me to go off to her work table to finish some adjustments on while I wait. Most of my clothes are gone, gone, gone. I stand on her platform in a plum purple corset and matching panties, still in my black heels.
The scars on my arms, chest, and back don't bother me anymore. They're from the fights on my way to the throne, mostly from back in the days when I didn't have a good handle on how to use my powers. Prizes of my victories now instead of reminders of my mistakes or marks against my beauty.
Sahir is sitting in one of the high back chairs a little ways away enjoying the view. I can tell he's liked watching me by the burning in his obsidian eyes and the tilt of his lips. I walk over and sit in the chair opposite him, sinking low and getting comfortable as I watch him too. I like the spread of his shoulders, the strength in his arms, and the length of his torso, the way his legs are crossed ankle over knee and I can see the jut of his hard cock at the fly of his buff slacks.
If I have to pick someone other than Adriel to wed and bed... Well, I think, as I feel my eyes turn red, I could do much, much worse than fine ass, sexy ass Sahir.
"You certainly like to torment your thralls," he murmurs.
"Keeps 'em coming back for more," I say, giving him a slow smile and hooded eyes.
"Coming," he says softly as he goes down to his knees on the floor in front of me. His touch is warm as he brushes the top of my foot. Sahir bends down low.
Beautifully kissable lips press sensually against my ankle and make a trail up my calve. I bite my lacquered fingernail, red eyes all for him, as I stare down my body at Sahir.
He's almost to my knee now. My body tightens, low and hard, in anticipation and I'm throbbing.
I don't think I'll tell him to stop.
Behind my chair, I hear Tigress clear her throat, signaling she's ready to get back to work even though she's sorry to interrupt.
Sahir kisses the inside of my very inner thigh and sits back between my thighs. I sigh, reaching out and cupping his cheek almost tenderly before going back over to stand on the platform for a second fitting. Sexual frustration is real.
I hate to treat him like a backup but that throne is mine. I've worked for it for over ten years now, nearly all the time I've been consigned to The Underworld. Can't stop now.


4
A Little Prayer

Adriel

I don't know who I was when I was alive. Or if I was ever human. I don't remember. Maybe its been so long that I forgot. My life started when I saw Alexandria, a human, crying on the floor of the bathroom in that old apartment, pleading for someone to help her.
Overlooked by the sky on an cliff over the ocean are the ruins of an old church I like to visit. Its barely even a shell of its former shelf, chipped away at by time. Just a flew slabs of stone flooring, part of a wall, and the stone altar remain.
As one of the future Queen's guard, I'm not allowed to be angry but I am. Or rather its times like this that I remember that I can't let my emotions overcome me. It's times like this when I come here, places like this, or go to one of The Underworld's sacella.
I take a knee and I pray to God or whoever is listening for more patience. I don't ask for protection for Dria. All this time I've watched over her and guarded her. That's my job.
Feeling the air behind me shift, I get to my feet and turn to see Tigress walking towards me.
She signs, You told me to let you know when Dria and I got back to the house.
Thanks, I sign back.
Today I'm off the clock at the insistence of both Dria and the other Nine who set up a guard schedule for all of us a while back. I ask her friends and the guys to check in with me whether I'm guarding her or not on any given day. I like to know she is where she says she's going to be. For her safety, of course.
I think Tigress and I are done but I should know better when she falls in beside me and walks with me as I pick my way over bits of rock and walk down the cliff. She picks up her long wrap skirt so she watch her feet as we walk.
She asks casually, So what's going on between you and Dria?
I've exhausted my ability to sign already so I say, "There's nothing going on between me and Dria."
Those orange eyes stare at me. Her look is both eloquent and clever suddenly, no longer casual or innocent.
Tapping my head with a finger, she says, That's the problem right there. There should be.
Sighing, I tell her, "I don't know what you mean."
She hits my shoulder with the back of her hand and rolls hers eyes.
Don't play me. I'm not fooled at all. While you're in denial and saying there's nothing going on between you two, there's is definitely something going on between Dria and Sahir.
And just like that I need to pray again as I feel my temper rise.
"I know exactly what's going on between them," I say between gritted teeth. I have no right to be angry. None. Who the Queen sees or doesn't see is her pleasure. Look, the truth is I just don't want to deal with the truth or my feelings. At all. It's one reason I still pray, if ever I did in my previous incarnation. I keep the hope that some higher power will take it all away.
Tigress puts her hand on my shoulder, stopping me, and I let her. I could keep walking but I don't.
Addy, I just make the clothes but take it from me, Tigress says, looking into my eyes, Dria will choose Sahir if you don't step up.


Dria

The days have been long recently and there apparently is enough alcohol in The Underworld. After my visit with Sahir and Tigress, I go for drinks with the ladies on the galleria that evening. The place we're at is covered in black lights and the drinks glow florescent. I'm tired and the low lighting is exactly what I need to ease the headache tapping on both sides of my skull.
Delsius's house is in the human world. The shooting at his place is proof that it was officially flagged as a place of "demonic activity" by the Church. So, it's no longer safe for shindigs. Obviously. I sigh and rub my temple as our drinks are brought out to us. A little more time bathing myself Sahir's sexy adoration would've helped. As soon as I left him, I was plagued by the tangle of political affairs updates and agenda of scheduled meetings that Fane, also my advisor, delivers daily. Not to mention the little issues of the mating ceremony and coronation.
"Aw," Calypso whines, "Adriel's not with you tonight." Lippy's gaze scans the periphery for my guards that are on duty tonight.
"He went to church," I say, lips pursed.
"Well, I'm good with any of them. Fane's old ass can get it."
"Girl, hush," I laugh. Fane is in fact very handsome, not bent over and decrepit with age in any way, an elite warrior and guard. But if he scowls at my clothes one more time I'mma rearrange his face.
Mona gives me a knowing look. "You've never said it outright but I sense there's a story with you and Addy. Why else would you be poking your lips out like that because he's not here?"
Yep, there's a story alright. A story I'm too embarrassed to tell. Who wants to tell their closest girlfriends they got turned down flat by the only man they love? That and it literally pains me to think about it let alone say it out loud.
The other two women spend some time paying homage to Adriel's muscular physique and the swing of his sword arm while I roll my eyes. I mean, he does have tight arms. And those shoulders, mm.
I snort lightly. "I'm quite done with his big, bricky, muscley sense of duty."
"In your position? Its better you have guards who are dedicated to their duty, Dria, than to their dicks. Feel me?"
"My position? I want him to put me in all the positions! Not be worried about my future duty as Queen of The Underworld. Especially when he would be my King."
"Above and beyond the call of duty is what I'm talking about," Lippy waggles her eyebrows.
"They gone 'The Queen is dead, long live the Queen' Dria's ass with your way of thinking," Mona sips on her glowing drink.
"I'm just sayin', why can't she have both? The best and both worlds."
I say, "First of all, no one is replacing me. Especially not this soon. Second of all," I point at Lippy, "YES! Why can't I?" We clink our glasses and drink heartily.
"Sahir's been asking about you," Mona says slyly.
"The Sahir whose house I was at today?" I reply, even more sly.
"Oooo, you better spill it all, chile!" Mona fidgets in her chair and smooths her hair.
I grin and start talking but I'm still thinking about the one man in The Underworld that I can't have.
Heart wants what it wants.
5
Strengths

Dria

"You're still too slow, Alexandria; move it! Don't rely on glamours or brute strength to save you every time," Wynferd barks, clapping his hands loudly.
Our corner of the training grounds in The Underworld is inside of an old stone temple. Its musty and shadowy and I love it. I'd love it even more if I didn't have to work my ass off every time I set foot inside.
I don't run in my emerald green high heels but I do walk a little faster, drawing my sword from the sheathe belted around my waist as I go. Calcifer strikes dead center of me in a quick attack...and only hits air. I walk through him and turn around to quickly strike back. His guard is up instantly as he gives a half turn to block my next strike completely. I blink across the room, drawing his eye, then blink back at his side and nearly get in a hit.
"In the moment when you strike, you become a target again, Alexandria," Wynferd booms. "Be faster and you won't have to worry about it."
Calcifer has no trouble with speed. He changes position in a flash and takes another swing at me. In that instant, I have three options: block him, get out of the way, or use my powers again.
I block him by punching the flat of his blade with my fist, narrowly hitting. The blow sends his arm flying out and the rest of him stumbling backwards a step.
"Not bad but still brute strength," Wynferd calls from the stands. "You were just fast enough to catch his blade with that punch."
"Can't he just be happy I'm getting a little faster," I mutter.
"He's trying to push you, Dria." Calcifer regains his footing and repositions his sword arm, wincing. "You hit me hard there. Not bad at all."
My chartreuse tube dress doesn't absorb sweat at all so the sweat is wetting my skin and slipping down my thighs and out of my armpits and face.
"You used to cry after sparring sessions," observed Adriel, standing from a front row bench.
I snort. "Even though even back then, you'd think I was used to it."
But no.
I wasn't born into some long line of aristocrats or monarchs. I came to the throne by rite of ritual combat.
That's right, baby.
I'm undefeated.
Okay. Maybe not totally undefeated. I lose a sparring match from time to time because of my insistence on fighting in heels and I've had my face wipe the floor once or twice in the past but I'm here now. Many denizens of The Underworld do not wish me to become Queen because of the stability I will bring to the demon world and, therefore, the human world. Mostly, they wish for the old days when when they could leave The Underworld and terrorize humans as they please. Demons got a lot of bad press that way, if the ones trying to stir up fear and mayhem would sit down and think long enough to remember all that. Beyond the warmongers longing for the good old days, there are some people who are just mad that they lost to me.
She's fat, they said. She's too slow, they said. Now look at me. The next Queen.
Adriel's eyes narrow at me. "My Queen, even before I came to your side, you were strong enough to survive the corridors of The Underworld."
"What? You longing for the days before my feelings for you got yucky and unprofessional?" I quickly imagine he just doesn't like me referencing the days before he knew me and get a little thrill even if its only in my imagination. A woman likes to feel wanted.
"It isn't like that, Dria," he says softly.
Oh no.
That opens it up for me.
"Then why did you turn away from me after I told you what I wanted?" Where is all this coming from after all these years? Damn it. I thought I could at least stop myself from confronting him about it. It isn't sexy to force your feelings on someone who isn't interested like that. I don't want to turn this into a soap opera.
But I can't seem to stop myself.


Adriel
She finally said it. Finally asked the question.
I remember again the forbidden moment. I never thought she'd bring it up. Like we had some kind of unspoken agreement never to discuss it. But Dria hadn't promised any such thing. I know it was my silence and rejection that had stopped her from talking about that day.
I have to turn away from her and close my eyes briefly.
Even demons must have standards. Rules...boundaries. Or else everything is meaningless and we're exactly what humans think we are. Seducers. Manipulators. Murderers. Defilers. That thing whispering from the corner of you eye or from under the bed waiting to trick you into damnation.
What Dria wants from me, I cannot give her.
She relies on me to protect and watch over her, as I have since the day she landed in The Underworld. Anything more and I'd be taking advantage of the bond we have. She trusted me from the day she met me. That can never change.
I awkwardly say what I was going to say before she almost lured me into a conversation about the one thing I can't ever talk to her about.
"Your sparring. I'm proud of your progress and your grasp of your abilities."
"Don't change the subject," she says and crosses her arms.
I have to distract her again. I use my ace.
"How was your little date with Sahir yesterday?"
"How did you—" Suspicion dawns and she demands accusingly, "Were you there? Did you follow me?"
I lean in close and say, "I know everything you do, Alexandria. Everything." I hate how I can't keep the heat out of my voice.
She looks up at me, red eyes wide and stunned. I smile down at her, more to myself than at her, an evil little smile. I pull back and use the moment to walk away.
"I know because Tigress told me where she met you," I lie over my shoulder.


6
Twist

Dria

Every soul is given powers when their soul reaches The Underworld. Some abilities are big, some small. Some legendary. Guess which one I got?
My powers are, well... I don't become what I imagine. I become imagination itself. A wonderful and useful skill for a demon to have. Way more useful than the simple illusions made popular by trickster demons. Makes it damn hard for any attack to hit me. Once I use my carefully cultivated ability, I'm virtually invincible. That plus brute strength, mid-level weaponry skills, and as much common sense as possible eventually made me into a force to be reckoned with. In heels, too.
Adriel will go down on one knee like a true knight and wax poetic about being the blade of light in my shadow striking down all foes. There are other things I'd rather have him on his knees doing but lets not get distracted here. What he doesn't spread around is that he can literally hide himself in my shadow. He melds into any shadow, really. He told me when I was younger that from there he can observe enemies and situations I can know what they're doing before they do, he'd said. There was a time when I couldn't go anywhere without knowing he was there.
I liked it.
Now he's standing guard outside my door like its business as usual. He used to meld into the shadows of my lanterns and my bed so he could be nearby.
What the actual Hell happened to us?
But I think I know.
Way back when, I skooched up to him, gave him one little kiss at the corner of those fine, full lips, and told him I wanted him to be mine. He had stiffened, then pulled away from me and worse. He has barely been back in my shadow since then, remaining firmly and solidly within my sight, unless the situation at hand calls for his shadow play.
I was so embarrassed when he didn't return my feelings. I burned with it, twisted and churned. Maybe back then I was too bold for a fledgling demon and it turned him off. I don't know to this day. All I do know is that my advances were obviously unwanted. When Adriel decided to become my guard, he must have seen something in me. My being attracted to him with what appeared to be a silly girl's crush must have messed with that image. I should've seen. I should've known he didn't want more from me. Some men be like that.
But...it doesn't change what I want. I want Adriel. I want him as my King, reigning at my side. I have two months to convince him we're meant to rule The Underworld together...or find someone else. He won't even talk about his feelings or what happened so I'm not sure how I'm supposed to convince him of anything.
Now, if you'll excuse me, it's bedtime and I try not to think about that last part as I pull out my handy, dandy vibrator from the beside table. Time to relieve some of those lustier portions of my feelings for him.


Adriel
I'm standing outside Dria's chambers on watch with the other guard when a telltale humming buzz comes from the other side of the door.
"Oh jeez," Capella gripes beside me. He shifts from foot to foot and rolls his head around on his neck restlessly. "She's doing it again."
He isn't one of The Nine, of course, but he's a good candidate.
That is, if he can get that libido of his under control. Lust can prove to be a liability for this kind of work. The guy is an inch shorter than me and, though he dresses like an extra from paramilitary drama, he's solid enough.
I don't roll my head on my shoulders or shift to adjust myself in my pants. I stand stock still, eyes straight ahead, ready to endure whatever discomfort might come as my sensitive ears pick up those breathy sighs and tortured moans and that damn buzzing drone. I wish Capella would shut up and just stay on the door but that's too much to ask obviously because he talks again.

"I mean I would so do her but—"
Head sharply facing him, I give him what I hope is a disapproving look. A look that says, That's no way to talk about our Queen.
His eyes widen as he looks at me. "Hey man, no disrespect."
Okay. Too much. I try to tone it down a little but I can't seem to control my face. That anger flares again and I fight to get a grip on it quick. I don't think my prayers for patience were answered this go around. Or maybe I'm burning through all the patience I get faster than any force in the world can dole it out.
Capella prattles on obliviously, "I'm just saying she's pretty and kind of sensuous. Know what I mean? I mean, who wears high heels while they're taking names and kicking people's asses."
I try to ignore him harder.
"I think she does it on purpose," he chuckles tensely.
"What?" I say.
He lowers his voice and it only makes the droning buzz louder in the quiet of the house. "She does it on purpose. I bet she knows we can hear. If she's asking for it, no man or demon alive in going to resist. That's a twist—gets you riled up, hot around the collar, and wanting do something about it."
I shouldn't be listening to anything he's saying but he just keeps talking. Discipline, I chant in my head, discipline.
"Twist, that's what she is. A gotdamn twist, man. They're different from flirts or teases. A whole different level of sadism goes into it."
The agonizing buzzing goes on and on. I try to forget what the sound is and use it to drown out the sounds of Dria's pleasure.


7
Balso

Dria

Remember before I got soapy when Adriel made that comment about me crying after sparring sessions when I was younger? And I said something like, You'd think I'd be used to it, even back then?
The Underworld isn't exactly youth-friendly and I was sentenced here at seventeen years old.
Wait a minute, hear me out. It isn't as bad as it sounds though I know you're thinking it sounds pretty damn bad. A teenager, sent to The Underworld? Isn't it bad enough she died!
I know, right?
Or worse, you're thinking, Uck, a monster. What did she do to get a one-way ticket to the Bad Place?
Listen. Some souls go to The Underworld because they're meant to. A good soul like mine becomes a demon by destiny. We become the ruling class of Hell. We punish the sinners and guide the lost. Balanced souls, or balso— not too good but not too evil —like mine descend not because we're all meant to burn for all eternity but so that Heaven and Earth have a tipping point for the scales to reference. Without souls like mine, Hell would be so out of order that the apocalypse would've come and gone already. Like I said, you're welcome.
I wouldn't have chosen The Underworld as the final destination for my soul but supposedly there's a plan for why I'm down here. It isn't a question of faith. I'm just following my heart and my ambitions to the end.
It's sometime in the middle of the night and I'm up reading little piles of reports that are scattered around on the king-sized bed. The Underworld is hardly a bureaucracy but there's so much news involving The Underworld that sometimes there's no choice but to leave a paper trail just to explain it all.
I keep sighing and I feel restless. Ordinarily at a time like this I'd just call it quits and have some me time before bed again but tonight I want to direct my restlessness at someone.
The someone that's causing it.
I call for the guard at the door to go get him—his name is Capella, I think. As I give my order, I see Fane out there standing with him guarding the door, shaking his head like he already knows this is nothing but trouble. I ignore him as the door closes again.
I move the blankets off of me, revealing an ivory silk corset, panties, and robe, and arrange myself on the bed like I've been waiting awhile as the doors of my chambers open again.
Adriel pads in, barefoot and shirtless. I swear he wants to drive me crazy as I eye his chest where there's a long, pale scar curving under his right pectoral. I've always wanted to kiss that scar. Lick it and follow the length of it with my tongue. His hair is pulled back on top with the rest hanging down his back. His hands are tucked into the pockets of dark blue plaid pajama bottoms. His expression is languid with sleep, eyelids low over his violet eyes.
I woke him up. Good. Maybe I've caught him off guard for once.
He stands a few feet from the foot of the bed.
"My Queen," he says. He removes his hands from his pocket for a bow before returning them there. Its then that I notice he isn't looking directly at me. He's looking at a point just beyond my left shoulder.
My confident smile wanes.
"Look at me," I tell him. "You won't look at me because you don't want me." I lean forward to peer more closely into his eyes, anger and pain blazing in my gut. "I want to hear you say it, Adriel. Say the words."
"My Queen, this is highly inappropriate," he says. He actually says that. "My eyes should not be upon you like this."
I spread my knees, showing everything down there, and Adriel draws a deep breath and looks up at the ceiling.
"The words, Adriel," I demand.
He swallows hard, the strong column of his throat working. "My Queen is utterly desirable. But...I cannot—"
"Cannot or will not?" I sigh. "This has to stop, Adriel. I want you by my side as my King. I don't want to command that you do this. You're not leaving me a lot of choice." How can he stand there and tell me I'm "utterly desirable" but refuse to look at me the way a man looks at a woman? A partially naked damn woman.
I hate to be impatient but I hate being the only one doing the chasing more. He won't talk to me so I can't convince him. He won't look at me so I can't tempt him.
"You know who doesn't have a problem looking at me like I'm utterly desirable and showing me that's what he thinks?" I say venomously. "Sahir. I think I'll give him a call. You're free to leave. I'll have company soon so let the guards know to expect him."
Dismissing Adriel, I close my legs, scoot off the bed and go to get my phone from the jacket I had on earlier that's hanging on the coat hanger near the wall. Angry tears burn in my eyes but I push them back. I really am calling Sahir and I refuse to be a mess when he gets here.


Adriel

Outside of a fight, I've never moved so fast. I nearly shock myself. One second I'm standing near the foot her bed, begging God for mercy, eyes on the ceiling. The next my hand is on Dria's wrist, stopping her from reaching into her coat pocket. My fingers hold firmly, not hurting her but not letting her get into that pocket to slide out the phone either. In a battle of strength, she would be an adversary of mention for me but she doesn't fight me.
"Don't," I say, giving a slow shake of my head. "Don't. Do. That."
Dria is looking up at me, wide-eyed again. Her eyes shift to red and I actually feel her legs go weak as she dips.
I like that. I like that I've shocked her. I like how she looks at me even when I pretend not to notice.
What I don't like is what she's trying to do.
It's not an option. I flat fucking refuse to let her call me into her bedroom in the middle of the night, clearly wanting to do more than talk about the guard duty roster, and then leave while she calls in another man to take what she wants to give to me.
Dria slowly pulls her wrist out of my grip.
"Get on the bed," she says.
I'm frozen in place. Mouth dry. Praying silently that I didn't just hear those words.
"Do I need to make it order for you to do it?"
Am I nodding? Oh, shit, I am. I'm nodding and getting harder.
She holds my hands for a beat, lacing our fingers and squeezing. As she walks away from me and lets go, she says over her shoulder, "Your Queen is ordering you to get on the bed, Adriel." Those red eyes lure me after her.
She goes over and scoops up the document scattered all over the bedspread. I lie down in the spot she'd gotten out of and stare up at the ceiling. I shift my hair out from under my back, then lay there trying to control my breathing. The lights go off and I wait. Dria doesn't waste time. Her warm, soft weight comes down on top of me as she straddles my body. Bending over me, she licks the scar on my chest, running her hot, wet tongue Her teeth nip at me and she kisses one nipple then the other. Sitting up, she rolls her silk covered crotch against hardness of me through my pants, sliding back and forth, back and forth. Mimicking sex, acting like I'm inside her.
God, I want to be inside her.
Suddenly she stops and leans over me, this time stretching over me and pressing close. I almost groan in frustration.
"I can't tell what you want if you don't talk to me, Adriel," she says in my ear, her voice low and breathy. "I won't be seen as a queen who takes advantage of her subjects so I'll stop. I want you to stay but if you want to leave I won't stop you." She slides off of me and tucks herself tight to my side. The last thing she does before using my chest as pillow is grab my hand and curl it around that luscious ass of hers.
I'm left lying there, half beneath her, hard and pounding. It is a long time before I fall into a light sleep.


8
Byways & Bygones

Dria

"You're the one who showed me all the byways." We're in my room, me getting ready for the day.
Adriel has had time to change, looking good in a white shirt unbuttoned at the throat with the sleeves rolled up and black slacks. He sighs, picking up some of the documents that made their way onto the floor.
"I know that. Now I'm telling you to stay away from them from now on."
"So, what, I'm not allowed to go into the human world anymore?" Byways are (often invisible) paths that connect the worlds together. That includes connecting the the world of humans to The Underworld.
"For now, no."
He bends over again to get another piece of paper and I admire the view before he straightens again and faces me.
"You never answered me," I say quietly. "Why have you been turning away from me since back then?" We slept together last night, literally. In the quiet, in the dark, I felt that he wanted me. Does it mean that I was wrong when I said he didn't? He didn't pull away and it felt so good to be with him but now I feel even more determined to get answers out of him.
He takes a deep breath, chest expanding, and lets it out slow. "Things are fine the way they are, aren't they? Let the past be the past, Alexandria.”
See? He won't talk about it and I can't make him. I won't cry in front of Adriel but it hurts that he keeps blocking me like this.
Now he's telling me where I can and can't go.
Uh, uh, I don't think so.
My house is a byway connected to other byways. Too bad The Nine and my other guards can't stop me from using them. Hell, there's a byway in my closet that I can use any time I want.
I wait until night falls again and my guards leave me alone before I go out on my own.
What's safer than church in the middle of the night, I figure.
The pews are empty and the candles are extinguished. I lope my way along the aisle toward the altar, my heels muffled by the carpet. I can't often tell if Adriel is here or not. Like I remember not being able to feel the presence of God when I was alive. I don't remember everything from my life but I remember feeling alone.
Before I confessed to Adriel, as a demon, I never felt alone. I didn't know for sure when he was there but I always felt him watching over me. Not that I think Adriel is God or anything. Its not like that.
Have you ever wondered why demons aren't supposed to go in churches? I put it that way because only the truly evil cannot enter consecrated ground. I'm just fine going in but I probably shouldn't.
Demonic energy is often a result of strong emotions and mojo. Demons have energy that can spill over into humans. Ever wondered why some humans go to church but still sin? I'm not answering my own question with a question, promise. Our energy gets into them and that's why churches are typically considered off limits to us.
Adriel used to watch over me like an overly protective mother hen. But ever since I tried to give him my cooties, he's been very cautious of me. Keeping his distance. Until last night, and I had to order him to do that.
It's childish of me to try to goad him out of a shadow but I'm starting to feel like I'm out of options.
I wait for Adriel to pop out of the abundance of shadows all around and chastise me.
I look around.
Look some more.
Still waiting.
Sighing, I kneel at the crucifix on the altar and put my hands together in the moonlight. Even some demons pray to God.
I whisper, "If I could trade the Crown for his heart, I w—"
"Adriel wouldn't want that, Dria." I look up and Eric is standing beside me.
"He'd rather get de-fucking-capitated than see you give up that throne," says Garrick.
Tears prick my eyes. Do they know? I can't have all of them knowing. It'll make me look weak. It's enough that they heard my prayer and it looks like it's over a guy.
"You found me fast," I tell them.
"Pfftt," blows Garrick. "As if we don't know about the byway in your closet."
"No guy is worth what's coming to you, Dria," Eric says, helping me to my feet. "Now. Let's go to our church, my Queen. This one makes me feel all itchy."
"Why? You been a bad boy?" I hold out my hand to him with a reluctant smile.
He grins and takes my hand. "Not in particular. Just this place... something funky about it tonight." He just shakes his head. We go but I finish my prayer as we walk, still hoping if Adriel is hidden in the shadows somewhere.


9
Sanctuary of The Damned

Dria

"Did you really think we weren't watching?" Garrick gripes.
Garrick, Calcifer and Eric escort me to the sacellum. All stone columns, alcoves, and undercrofts, it's darker than the church but thankfully lit by candles and torches.
"Well I thought I'd at least be able to pray in peace for a few minutes before you showed up. I'm still allowed to do that, aren't I?" Again, I know I shouldn't have snuck out just to get Adriel's attention.
A whistle stops me and my guards in our tracks.
Two men step out of the darkness of an alcove in front of us. I scent the air.
Humans. I smell something along with that human scent that stings my nose. Something holy.
"You found a way to get into The Underworld." I give them a Get serious sort of look. "We paid your world a visit so you pay us one?" I shake my head. "The Church really needs to sort out its priorities."
"Demons belong in Hell or dead," one of the men says. He's dressed in a short sleeved button down and khaki pants. I wonder what he has on him that's giving him the same scent as the man beside him. I scent the air around them again and smell something new this time, faint but there all the same.
Demon's blood.

They really do have a lot of nerve coming here and I'm surprised no one's picked them off yet. Then again that might have something to do with the other man who is wearing red and black clergyman's cloth. I recognize him as a priest of some order. Demons in The Underworld's corridors must have either avoided him or gotten taken out by the both of them. I eye the slender sword sheathed at his side. I start with him.
"You are—" I lick my finger and stick it in the air "—Anthony." The priest look a little surprised that I know his name. I give him a closer look. Tall dark, and handsome. Nice.
Khaki Pants glares at me. "That demon knows your name!"
Oh the disrespect. I don't even want to know what that one's name is.
"Of course I do." My cerise dress is a little too tight for a curtsy but I do one anyway. "It's a little talent of mine. It's Alexandria, soon-to-be Queen of The Underworld. I would say it's a pleasure to meet you but I take it you are the ones who shot up the party I was at the other night."
"Seeing that you're still standing here means the guns were ineffective," Khaki says. "We decided on a more direct approach."
The priests draws his sword.
My eyes go red with bloodlust as anticipation thrills through me.
"Oooo, a sword fight. I haven't done one of those in awhile."
Eric walks into my line of sight.
"My man, we really can't let you do that," he says to the two men.
Garrick and Calcifer stand at Eric sides, blocking me from view. I smell the others before I see them standing around me. Damus. Therius. Kel. Wynferd. Fane.
"What're y'all doing here," I say, irritated, my gaze still on the priest just visible beyond Eric's arm. "I got this."
Eric pulls out two glinting knives from their sheaths at his waist.
"And we got you."
"This is exactly why we didn't want you taking any of the byways into the human world," Kel says, twirling his staff in one hand.
"We!?" I say. "You had meetings about restricting me?"
"Of course we did," Wynferd says shamelessly, "wayward woman."
"I thought Adriel—"
Fane elaborates, "He discussed it with us and we all agreed it was for the best."
So it wasn't just Adriel alone being bossy and withholding.
"You're all traitors," I tell them, more irritated.
"Your safety is our priority," Therius says. Eight of The Nine take up position around the corridor.
Khaki Pants waggles a finger at us. "I don't think we'll be fighting all of you." He throws something onto the floor that shatters hard. A light flashes around us, blinding me for an instant.
When my vision clears, I look around to see all of my guards rocky and unmoving as the stone columns holding up the ceiling, handsome statues of themselves.
I scent the air and go very still. I can feel my eight guards alive inside of their stone shells. Their energy is strong enough to break through and soon. I smile. It's for the best.
They'll never accuse me of not fighting my own fights.
Rolling my eyes, I lick my finger and put it in the air again. "Fine, I'll give it to you. That was a pretty good one...Elijah Glasford."
"Your guardians are turned to stone." He seems put off by the fact that I know his name and that I'm not afraid at being singled out and fighting alone. "Without them, what do you think you can do—"
I interrupt with a wave of my hand. "And what do you think they're going to do to you once they get out? You can't fight all eight of them, let alone me."
Barehanded, I take on a stance and face the priest.
We dance. Oh how we dance. With split second timing, I use my fists to block the blade. When he moves faster and comes at me, I let him pass through me...until I can't. I'm just playing with the both of them, really, until I see Glasford moving out the corner of my eye. The moment of distraction costs me and the priest lunges at him my chest.
I gasp as I'm taken down to the floor, the sword slicing through me, and I lay there stunned until the priest's handsome face peers down at me. Glasford appears beside him.
"Kill her now," Glasford says. "Her powers are too unpredictable."
"You can't hurt me with this," I spit up at them. "I am sanctified."
"The sword is blessed so you must be a holy-resistant demon. Interesting," says the priest.
"Not holy-resistant. Sanctified." I eye his sword sticking out of my chest. "You're good and good-looking. Have you ever considered becoming a demon?"
"Enough!" Adriel commands.
My shadow ripples on the floor beside me. The priest and Glasford moves away from me, watching as my final demon guard rises and steps free of the shadow.
"Well someone sure took his time joining the party," I gasp then grunt in pain. It actually does hurt even if it isn't enough to kill me.
"I let you fight your own fight, Alexandria," Adriel glares as he stands between me and the priest. "You decided to get hit on purpose."
"I'm testing my limits! Stay out of it."
"You're being a brat! A spoiled, sadomasochistic brat! You are done here."
He draws his sword from the sheath at his back. The blade flares to life in a magnificent white-hot blaze of flames.


Adriel

I release a quiet, shuddering breath to myself.
I knew Dria wouldn't die from the wound as soon as I knew I wasn't quick enough to stop it. But damn my heart almost stopped dead in my chest. I died a little inside when I felt her pain rip through me.
No more. I'll finish this and we'll go back to the house where Alexandria belongs until the coronation. I can't say I'll be happy in seeing a parade of suitors coming in and out of the place until the fall equinox but I can't have members of The Church casually showing up to execute her either.
"You don't want to do this, Priest Anthony, er—" Holding my sword in one hand, I pull out a scroll of parchment from my belt with the other, unroll it one-handed. It is blank until my gaze touches it and I read— "DeMarco. Yeah, Priest DeMarco, you really don't want to do this. You've already hurt my Queen. I'm giving you one chance to leave."
His head jerks back. He glances at Dria then back at me. "How did you demons know my name?"
"Your names are our business," I wave the parchment at him. Honestly, we just like to know who the holy people are. I chuckle to myself. It freaks them out.
I scent the air again, sure this time. The man with the priest, Glasford, is a demon hunter. That explains his attitude, his presence here, and the scent of demon's blood on him.
"A black shadow demon? That's too funny," Glasford says.
"Yes, I'm Black. The jokes about my skin color and my ability? In Hell? Done to death. So just stop." Yes... racist jokes exist even in Hell. Or should I say especially in Hell. For that reason, even playful jokes made by people my color or darker were never funny.
"Do not mock him, Elijah," DeMarco says. "We were lucky to have delayed the other eight demons. This one is a surprise."
I put the scroll away. "Leave. Now."
"Kill him," Glasford says, "then finish her."
"I don't think so," I say, taking stance. This is going to hurt. For them.
"We're leaving," says Priest DeMarco.
"What!" Glasford says. "We have managed to come further than any of the Order. Use the Decrees, kill the Queen and her demons. Slay the source of all evil."
"Do you not see his sword? It is not a demon's blade." DeMarco steps back.
"This fight is over." I sheathe my sword and go to Alexandria.
"Are you ready, my Queen?" I ask gently, kneeling down to stroke her hair.
She nods, staring into my eyes, and in a quick motion I withdraw the sword from her chest and toss it away. DeMarco catches it by the hilt as I knew he would.
I breath a sigh of relief that bleeding stops almost immediately as I scoop Alexandria into my arms and lift her up.
"You were there the whole time?" Dria whispers, arms going around my neck.
"I'll always be there, Alexandria," I whisper.


10
Pink Slip

Dria

"We need to talk about what happened at the church and the sacellum."
See, he couldn't just let it end on a romantic note. Now he wants to talk. When I don't.
We're back in my bedroom. The rest of The Nine are in the hall, on high alert for the time being and guarding my door. It isn't that big a deal in my eyes. I only got stabbed because I let myself myself get distracted in the middle of the fight. It isn't like The Church is sending an army to The Underworld to slay me.
"And?" I drawl irritably. I'm propped up on my pillows in a camisole that exposes my wound. Purposeful, so he can see that I'm healing already.
"You went to that church just to bait me," Adriel accuses. His violet gaze bores into me and I have to push aside a tickle of guilt.
"I went to pray, I lie." That may have been what I ended up doing when I got there but I definitely went there just to get him to show himself.
"Fine," he concedes with no fight at all. But then he's back on it and says, "You put yourself in danger and you let the priest stab you."
"So? I'm fine. The hole in my chest is nearly closed now."
Angrily, he retorts, "I can't bear to see you get hurt. Don't act as if wounding you means nothing!"
I've had enough. I don't want him to just care about me. It isn't enough. I want him to want me. All of me. The ugly. The petty. Even the part of me that let myself get stabbed in the chest. If I can't have that...
I say the words before I can think better of them.
"Then go from my sight, Adriel," I tell him. "You're fired."
He stands there frozen, mouth open. I swear he's going to argue with me. He seems to realize what I've just said. His fist tightens around the hilt of his sword.
Then, as with all things I ask of him, excepting his body and his heart, and with deafening finality, he says, "As you wish, My Queen." He leaves quietly without another word, shutting the door behind him.
I bite a mouthful of pillow and scream into it.
Oh it gets uglier.
I kick at the blankets until my legs are bare and cry while I scream, tears pouring down my face and soaking the pillowcase. I didn't want him to go. I wanted to have my way— with him, with the situation —period! But like always he denied me. Then he leaves my service so nobly, as if he isn't the least bit fazed. Just duty as usual.
I know that what I've just done is stupid and impetuous. The Nine aren't just bodyguards. They become the Nine Generals who guard The Gates. With the exception Adriel and one or two others who came to my side of their own will, I chose them knowing this. Adriel is not only King material. There isn't a better General to serve The Underworld's Army than him. I don't know how many more members of The Church are after me and I really can't afford to be down a guard.


Adriel

Little spirits float after me as I wander the dim corridors off the path to the galleria.
"Did you think she wanted you so badly she would tolerate your arrogance, Adriel Heavenfall?" one of them taunts.
Another cackles, "Even batting those pretty eyelashes didn't stop her from sending you packing."
I didn't pack anything though. I just left.
Welcome to Hell.
I've been here the whole time but this feels like the first time I've actually been in it.
Even demons have demons here. Demons that haunt them. These look like something out of a Miyazaki or a Tim Burton film, floaty little ghostly ghouls that swim in the air like jellyfish with twiggy arms and clawed hands and big glowing eyes and look like they're wearing tattered sheets over their heads. The little bastards can read your mind and come to taunt and kick you when you're down. Usually, as they are minor demons, I'm too big a fish for them to bother but tonight my cool is gone and they smell it.
Banished. From my duty. From her.
"Where are you going, man? You can't just go off into the blue like this."
I snap out of my daze enough to hear and see someone waving his hand in front of my face.
Its Garrick. Damn tracker. He used his abilities to find me.
"You have to have heard what Alexandria commanded. I've been relieved of my duties."
"So you two had a fight—"

"Has she said she wants me to come back?"
"No..."
I shake my head and keep walking.
Garrick grabs my shoulder, stopping me.
"We got taken completely off the board during that fight with guys from The Church, Adriel. All eight of us. You were the only one who could come to the Queen's aid. We need you."
"I can't ignore a decree from my Queen. Neither can you. Go back to her side where you belong."
"You can't just give up. Go fight. Go argue with her. She's not going to find a better guard and General than you."
"No."
"You can't walk away, El. What will you do then?" he demands.
Wander. Until I rot.


11
Motel Hell

Adriel

The motel room is small and dark. It smells of the liquor I've been drinking and old sheets. I haven't been back to Dria's though I did have Garrick bring me some of my stuff.
The solid black darkness looks at me and its big yellow eyes are kind of sad. It's shaped vaguely like Alexandria, enough so that I feel at peace. Or I'm too drunk to tell the difference. I've forgotten that this kind of demon takes the form of the thing you most desire and gives it to you...in order to feed off the energy. Too drunk. Don't care. Doesn't matter.
"Capella can replace me, my Queen. He is a fine guard," I mutter from on my knees in front of the other demon.
Things I would have said if it hadn't all happened so fast. All of it comes out in my confessions.
She comes to me and leans over to gently kisses my eyelids. One then the other, so gently that tears fall from my eyes. Then she kisses my lips.
I almost pull away, remembering in some part of my foggy mind that this isn't Alexandria. Then I relax.
"If it is your wish," I utter raggedly, "I will not be in your sight but I have only one final request my Queen..."
My Queen nods. She already knows what I need. She knows I need exactly what would've gone down if I hadn't been such a fool the night she ordered me to get in her bed.
She pulls me to my feet and backs me onto the mattress. My back hits the bed and I grunt as she mounts me. She leans over me, soft and strangely cool to touch. I frown. She should be warm, like she was that night as she curled up against me. I push the thought away and come back to the moment.
"Shh," she says as she kisses my lips and caresses my bare chest. I close my eyes.... I must pass out because when I dream, I dream about the past.
Before I came to Alexandria as her protector, I was a Watcher. It's what it sounds like. I watched for souls that are tagged as hellbound, destined to descend.
I was there when Alexandria died.
I wonder if she even remembers. It was thirteen years ago. Nothing can describe the agony in my heart at that moment. It wasn't just watching the suffering she endured until the very end. Not for a demon. A demon sees things on the regular that would make a grown man cry so it wasn't just her suffering, no. It was something else. I don't know to this very day why I felt so much pain at her passing. Or why I followed her soul down here and found her in The Underworld.
I told myself that I stopped being a Watcher because I saw a vision of Alexandria sitting on the Underworld's throne that my mind refused to ignore.
Now I see.


12
Grapevine

Dria

"I saw Adriel tonight."
I sigh, standing in front of the fire place in the parlor. My nails claw the mantle.
"You came all the way here just to tell me that?"
Rewna slips out of the sinuous black flames she uses to conceal herself in the darkest shadows, revealing her beautiful horns and shimmery blue skin. She is dressed in a flap of a skirt made of sequins that only covers the front and the back leaving her curvy hips naked. A matching lamé triangle bikini top, bare feet, and numerous gold and silver bangles on her wrists and ankles complete the outfit.
Rewna kneels before me.
"Seriously, your Highness. The shock of leaving you must've driven him completely insane, girl."
"What do you mean?"
She takes a breath, hesitating.
"I sensed a soul...in need, your Highness. I came to him and found out it was your man, Adriel. He, er, enlisted my services."
I take a deep breath against the pain. We're all big grown demons here. Rewna is a kind of demon that feeds off of confessions made to the darkness and the desires of her prey. Adriel can sleep with whoever he wants, right. Then why are my fists clenched and why am I biting my lip as Rewna tells her story?
"That's enough. I don't need to hear more."
"Wait. You'll want to hear this. He wanted me to be you."
"What?"
She gets to her feet, smiling now that she knows I won't order Therius in here to cut her head off and mount it on the wall.
"I didn't touch him, your Highness. Well, not much. I couldn't do it to him. It was freaking me out. I left him...for you."
My heart throbs and I take a deep silent breath. Demons are usually characterized as cutthroat and generally untrustworthy. Rewna practically has a heart of gold to have come to me like this when she could've fed well on Adriel and had some good sex in the process.
"He wants you," she tells me. "Why have an imitation when you can gave the real thing?"
Wants me? That can't be for real but I'm surging with hope inside.
"Your loyalty will be rewarded, Rewna. Where is he?"
~

You know every movie you've ever seen where there's stretch of desert road and some sorry, dusty ass motel waiting for weary travelers and escaped convicts to check in and become a crime or experience a crime? Those are real and they're usually in-betweens for The Underworld, meaning they're part of Hell.
I feel him before I find him. I've always felt him. Staring up at the motel, I imagine myself at his side and I am, a common demon ability. My eyes adjust to the darkness of the room and I see Adriel laying on the bed. Right where Rewna said she left him. All big, spread out, and scrumptious-looking. Mmmm.
"Adriel," I call softly.
He takes a deep breath at the sound of my voice, wakened and brought to life all at once. He sits up and looks directly at me. His eyes clear slowly.
"Dria," he whispers.
"Good," I say. I smile a little. "You're not totally wasted since you can tell me apart from other lusty demons."
"What are you doing here, Dria?"
The sound of his voice has my thighs clenching. Its low, intimate in a way he has never spoken to me before. I guess since there's no formality between us with me not being Queen quite yet and the whole firing thing so Adriel feels like he can address me any kinda way.
"Rewna told me where you were."
"Why?"
I go to him, touch his cheek. Adriel stares up at me with glittering eyes like he's never seen me before and I'm the most wondrous thing he's ever laid eyes on. Like he can't believe I'm here, this close. I bend and kiss him, tasting him. After all this time, it feels so good to finally do this. When he doesn't pull away but lightly kisses me back, I press closer and straddle his lap.
When I look at his face, there's a feverish gleam in his violet eyes now. I like that look. It's hot and bothered. It's a look that's for me and for me alone.
"You...you're real. You're here." His hands squeeze my shoulders and run up an down my arms. I shiver at his touch. Feels so damn good.
"I am," I say, kissing him again.
He moans and leans into me, in return taking my lips with such abandon that I moan too.
His hands raise my dress up my hips, fingers playing with the edges of my lace panties before squeezing my ass.
"If you wanted me, you should have said it," I breath, relishing in his kisses as his lips trail from my shoulder up my neck.
"I know," he says, then he's kissing my lips again and lifting me up. He carries me to the table by the curtained window and sets me down, pushing aside a coat and duffel bag that are resting there. The bag is unbalanced by the movement and falls to the floor with a loud thump.
He stops, like the sound brought him to his senses, and I almost go crazy.


13
Don’t Let Go

Dria

"I've been drinking," Adriel mutters. His violet eyes are on my lips but his brow is creased with a frown. "You deserve—"
Grabbing him by the shoulders, I pull him down on top of me.
"I don't care. I appreciate that you want to treat me like the queen I so virtually am and that the last thing you or I want is drunk sex but do you really not want me right now? Like right now?"
I arch my back and grab his hips, pulling him tight into the cradle of my thighs. I can feel him through his slacks Adriel groans and puts his forehead against mine, panting lightly. Feeling him this hard against me, there's no way he can refuse me, can he? Can he? Damn, I feel half-crazy wanting this with him.
Adriel doesn't answer so much as he growls and secures me against the table, grinding himself into me. I answer with a moan and wiggle my hips impatiently. When he lets the barest amount of air between us, I pull my panties down and he swipes them off quicker than I can blink. I watch him strip for me, his pants, boxer briefs, and shirt going next. I touch him all over, touch him like I'm never going to get to touch him again and I need to remember everything. Adriel lets me, burning eyes watching solemnly but as if he likes that I'm enjoying his body.
My coat and dress go. Adriel starts with my scars, kissing the ones on my chest then my arms. He turns me over, bending me over the table so he kiss the scars on my back. He tries to take his time with me. Really, he does. But I won't let him. I bounce myself against him, imitating what I want to be doing. I won't hold still, swirling my hips and trying to get him inside me.
At the end of his patience, Adriel turns me around and lifts me back onto the table. I lay on my back and let him play with my breasts, filling his hands with them, massaging them, and rubbing my nipples back and forth, before spreading my legs for him. Adriel and I lock gazes as he lifts me behind the knees and wraps my legs around his waist. I grip the edge of the table, biting my lip as he slowly slips inside me. My back arches. I don't just feel full, I feel stretched. Adriel shudders on top of me and starts thrusting.
"I want this," he says. His hips pump into me. "I've always wanted this."
My eyes roll in my head as every fantasy involving this man that I've ever fingered myself makes me come at once. I'm bouncing against him on the table, holding onto the edge tight with one hand over my head. I know he won't let me go until I come for him again. When I do, he makes an absolute mess of me, riding me and coming in me until I'm limp on the hard wood beneath us.
Hoisting me up against him, my legs around his waist and arms around his neck, he carries me over to the bed without even waiting to catch his breath. With one arm arm, he yanks the covers back and lays me down before climbing in beside me and covering us up.
"Will things go back to the way they were before? Between us?" I ask in a small voice that I hate. Maybe I'm a little afraid that the alcohol might have pushed him into sex with me and he'd regret it in the morning. I don't know Adriel as someone who regrets all that much though.
Sighing, eyes closed, his breathing calmer now, Adriel says, "Let's talk about it later, Dria. Everything is happening so fast... I promise we'll talk about it after we both sleep and after I'm fully sober."
I feel a stab in my chest that has nothing to do with my fight with the Priest DeMarco. "Okay. Just let me hold you then."
Adriel puts his arms around me and holds me tight like he'll never let go. I press myself into his heated skin and hard muscle and I force my wet eyes closed. I hold him close, almost as closely as he's holding me. Like I'm trying to hold on to this moment. I'm not sure I can do this in the morning. Sex between us for him may mean nothing. After everything we've been through together, I cannot go back to the way things were before. I can totally imagine Adriel turning into a rock again, insisting on his duty and refusing my feelings. My love for him. I can't go back to that. What I'm really afraid of, I think, is that Adriel is the one who will want to go back despite everything.
Inside, I quietly begin pulling myself together. I know I can't do without having Adriel around. Eric was right. I told Adriel to leave my sight and, damn him, he had. I can't leave him in banishment. Whether he loves me or not, I need him. He's good at his job and I will find none better. How I'm going to live with him knowing that he can't be my King, I don't know.


14
Angel in The Wings

Adriel

I wake up in the morning, reach out and touch the empty side of the bed. I need Alexandria again but she's gone. I need to talk to her, to be with her again. Shit. I try to remember what happened.
How could she just leave like that?
I remember what she asked me and what I said.
It was me. I'm the reason she left. I fucked up again. Had to. How could she want to see me again after I said that to her. I should've just answered her but at the time I wasn't ready. Despair rises in me.
It's enough that I pick up the bottle again and start drinking.
My mind is slow, trying to figure out how to see her again. Trying to figure out how to tell her what I should've told her last night. I stumble off the bed and look for my phone but realize a text message or a phone call isn't going to cut it. I have to see her.
"You're in bad shape, Adriel."
No more drinking for me. I toss the bottle onto the dresser beside the TV. My sword is on the table and I grab the hilt quickly.
"Angel!" I snarl. I draw my blade, nearly cutting the small wooden table between us in half. I stumble again in my drunkenness and fall to one knee. I curse that I didn't realize I wasn't alone.
The angel shakes his head at me.
"Tsk, tsk. Don't be so dramatic. As if you could cut paper, wet, in your condition. You've been drinking all morning." The guy is dressed in a blue polo, pale slacks, and loafers. Looking as comfortable as you please, leaning against the window with his arms crossed over his chest. Legs crossed, too. The bastard, sneaking up on me. That's an angel for you.
I frown hard and use my sword stabbed in the floor to push myself up.
"Who the hell are you?" I ask incredulously.
"Call me Barry."
"Bartholomew?"
"Try Barachiel." Definitely angel.
"What business does an angel have with me?"
I want him and his smooth and wavy fade to go away. As soon as I'm sure I'm done drinking and wallowing in my feelings, I'm going to find Dria and ask her to take me back. I'm going to tell her...
Tell her what exactly?
That I want to be with her and be her guard? That just doesn't add up in my head. I can't go back to her expecting both. I don't know why but I can't. It doesn't matter what she wants or what I want. Damn it.
"You're confused. You don't understand how things keep going to hell between you and Alexandria."
I turn dark eyes on the angel.
"How do you know that?"
Barry smiles though the look in his eyes is solemn and a little sad.
"We go back, Adriel. Way back."
"And what's that supposed to mean?"
He holds up his hands. "No tricks, it means what I said. You just don't remember. But there's a way for you to remember, Adriel. A way to remember everything...even how you really met Alexandria and why I think you're having so much trouble."


15
A Woman So Heartless

Dria

The next day, the Nine, Tigress, Mona, and Calypso troop into my private chambers. I'm distracted by a news article on my phone and don't look up immediately. When I do, I see their faces and slowly get up from my chaise sofa, tugging my blazer straight.
"What is this?" I sneer. "An intervention?"
"Don't look at us," Lippy says, holding up her hands.
"All we did was usher 'em into the room," adds Mona.
With that, Mona and Calypso bow themselves out and shut the door.
Tigress shrugs then pulls out her phone and sends me a text message: I have no intention of pretending anything. I coached the guys in how to say what they need to say. The emoji here is the one with its tongue stuck out.
I huff at her. It's pointless however. Tigress don't lie.
"Don't punish El for doing his job," Eric says. "The reason he—"
"Don't mansplain me, Eric!" I snap. I pull my anger around me to push my pain aside.
"Be reasonable, Dria. We all want Adriel back. You especially."
"I don't," I lie. "That's why I fired him. Too bad for the rest of you."
"You didn't just fire him, Dria. You banished him."
"I didn't banish him."
"You told him to go. You didn't stop him from leaving. Good as."
Tigress and Eric are willing to argue with me while the other seven watch on in silence.
"What have the rest of you got to say?"
Damus shakes his head. "Eric's handling it just fine."
Don't be an ass, Dria, Tigress messages. You didn't mean what you said to him. So just call him and summon him back. She shows the message to the guys so they can know what she said. They all voice their agreement.
"I won't. Your Queen does not make mistakes."
"This time you kinda did," says Garrick. Bearded and brawny with one white eye and one brown eye, he's our tracker. When I step out on my little alone time adventures, he's the one who finds me. Every time.
Eric is looking at me worriedly and with some surprise. Like my denial is more serious than he thought. Damn him. He's not going to let this go.
"You're in pain. It's supposed to hurt, Dria."
Which means he knows.
"When did you figure it out?"
"I think I knew a long time ago. But when I heard your prayer at the church and El wasn't there... the look on your face when I said his name... it just sort of clicked. Since he left, you haven't been totally yourself, too."
"And you disappeared last night," Garrick adds. "The only reason I didn't get the everyone together and come and haul your ass back but I knew you were with Adriel so I hung back."
By the looks on their faces, Fane, Eric, Kel, and Garrick already knew. Calcifer and Therius are putting two and two together. Wynferd and Damus are playing catch up with the group. Tigress definitely knew. The chickens, here or not, Lippy and Mona had guessed and strongly suspected judging by their prodding at me over the years. Even Rewna, a demon just going about her business, knows. Ugh, so that means basically everyone knows now.
"Wait a minute," Calcifer says like the light bulb just went ding, "are you saying that El and Dria—"
"It doesn't mean anything so just all of you shut up and get out!" I snap.
"It means everything," Eric says. He comes over and rubs my arm in a comforting, brotherly sort of way. I fight not to cringe, feeling way too exposed and in my feelings right now.
"You love El, Dria. There's nothing wrong with that. Your heart is what allows your energy to be so powerful. Never doubt it. We're talking with Adriel, too. He's...going through some things since he left but just give it some time. Hang in there. Don't let this undo you."
Resigned to the situation, I tell them, "That's enough. Everyone, please let me get back to work."
Later, when I'm alone, I think about the talk with Eric.
Emotions aren't always a strength. Sometimes they just get in the way no matter how much mojo they give you.
It comes to me then and I suddenly push Eric's words from my mind.
Sometimes I wish I didn't have a heart. Seems like it would be easier to be Queen then.
I can still be Queen, not force my feelings on Adriel, and also have this love not stab me where it hurts every time I look at his face. I can have my cake and eat it too.
There's only one way to do that.
Go see the last Queen of The Underworld.
I wipe a stupid tear from the corner of my eye.
Go see Lucil.
Oh, and cut out my own heart so she can eat it.


16
Intervention, Pt. 2

Adriel

Reaching up, I draw the dusty cover from the towering object in front of me. It is hard as hell to find one of these things.
A quiet, cold room in the old cathedral is where I found the stone statue of an angel mounted on a pedestal. The angel bears a bow and arrow.
I feel them coming before I see them. I turn as the wall behind me opens up, revealing the burning landscape of one The Underworld's more popular destinations.
"Friends don't let friends ruin relationships. Especially not while drunk," Calcifer announces as the Nine step through the portal.
"Not that it's any of your business," I tell them, "but I'm sober as of right now."
"I don't understand how things got this bad this quick," says Eric.
"I think I do," says Therius. The brother is not a talker so this is something.
"I didn't know there were 'things' between you two," Wynferd shakes his head.
Calcifer says, "I don't think any of us really put the pieces together until now."
"We knew," Garrick raises his hand and Kel nods.
"How'd you two guess?" Calcifer asks, disbelieving as he runs a hand through his red and ginger hair.
"The signs were there," Kel answers.
Like a bunch of gossiping old people. I shake my head to clear it of their bullshit and run my hands over my face.
"What do you mean?" I ask Therius.
He looks at me calmly, eyebrow raised like it's obvious.
"You know you kinda rigid, right?"
"Rigid," I repeat.
"Yeah." I continue to glare at him and he goes, "Don't look at me like that. Eric already talked to Dria. It's your turn now."
Everyone's silence is nothing but wordless agreement.
I give in, throwing up my hands and can the glare. Whatever.
"Listen then. You decided a long time ago that you were going to be Dria's guardian and nothing else. Well, she wants you to be something else. She could've had any of us or Sahir or anybody. Hell, Lucifer himself. But she chose you and she keeps choosing you. Any of us, any of the other Nine, including me, would've been down if she'd offered."
I resist the urge to want cut all my homies' throats for thinking of Dria outside of any categories other than boss and friend.
"You all feel like this?"
Damus and Fane nod. Eric nods while looking away and not meeting my eye. Kel tilts his head one way and back. Wynferd shrugs while Garrick meets my gaze head-on with no remorse.
"She's a peach, man," Calcifer says, shrugging like he's just putting that out there.
"In essence, my man...you hardheaded," Therius says. Just to the point, this brother. No cushioning for the fall.
Eric elaborates further, "You hurt her feelings so hard that the only thing she could do to show you how much was to fire you and banish you away from her. And that's what it took to break you: Not being able to do your job."
Kel points at the angel statue. "Um, has anyone noticed this thing? I'm pretty sure we shouldn't be standing this close to it."
"Come on, man, Eric's getting to the good part," Calcifer complains.
"This isn't your favorite soap opera, Cal," Wynferd says.
"Once Eric and Therius finish telling El off, we can all go home, back to our Queen," Calcifer reasons confidently. "Forget the statue, let's stay on topic."
Now I really want to knock some heads. "If all you fools is here, who's with Dria?" How could I be so stupid? I should've noticed sooner.
"Tigress, Calypso, Mona, Capella, and every other guard we got. Don't worry about her. As soon as you come to your senses, she'll get her best back," Fane says.
"What are you doing here with this thing anyway, El?" Kel asks, eyeing the statue.
Might as well come out with it even if they think I'm crazy.
This angel came to me. He told me that Alexandria and I have history that goes beyond The Underworld.
I tell them about the Arrow. Heaven's Arrow.
Fane is familiar with the thing. "Too much of a risk if you ask me," he says.
Calcifer nods his agreement. "You either get a vision of exactly what it is you want and how to get it. Or, he stretches the word out, you get toasted. Bob's your uncle and ashes are your memory."
Wynferd glares at me. "That angel turned you on to this didn't he. Has it ever occurred to you that he might be in league with The Church? You know how it is, one less demon in the world and they all sittin' around dusting their hands of us."
"I don't think he's like that," I say. "Look, this is not a discussion. This is something I think I need to do."
Everyone starts in on me, talking over each other, telling me that I'm crazy, just like I thought they would.
"Dria doesn't want you back in a matchbox, you dumbass—"
"Think about what you're saying—"
"Are you sure you're not still drunk?"
"We came here to have an intervention for you about Dria, not talk you out of killing yourself, which is obviously what you need—"
Therius speaks up again. Damn, this is the most I've ever heard this brother talk.
"Y'all both got me fucked up if you think I'mma sit around and watch you or Alexandria fall apart. And you and the boys are like brothers to me, El." He points at The Underworld behind him. "That's saying a lot, all things considered. Us living in Hell and all." Everyone started to talk again but Therius spoke first and they listened. "I feel like you all do. El shouldn't risk his life for a bunch of memories that he may or may not get...but if he thinks this is what he's gotta do, it's what he's gotta do."


17
Heaven’s Arrow

Dria

I'm scrolling through pictures on my phone. My thumb stalls over a picture of me, Adriel, Mona, and Calypso. He didn't want to be in the photo. Thought he should be doing his job, not slacking off enjoying the nightlife. But his arm is around my waist and he has this cocky little smile on his lips that always makes me think he enjoyed that moment just as much as I did. I sigh, lingering on the picture before thumbing on. It's all part of my silent farewell tour.
Calypso is watching me, flicking her manicured nails and looking sad.
She asks quietly, "Is there something you want to tell me?"
"Nope." I'm not telling anyone what I plan to do. Once it's done, Adriel can get back to his job and I will do mine in peace. I know I'm missing a bigger picture here, such as what else will be missing if I don't have a heart anymore. I don't know what I'll be without it. Colder. Crueler, I imagine. But I also don't know what I'll be if I don't get my feelings of pride and my feelings for Adriel under control. You might be thinking that cutting out my heart and letting this Lucil eat it should kill me. If I were human, it would. But for demons the heart isn't just an organ that pumps blood, it's truly symbolic of everything else that it represents. My love for Adriel resides deep in my heart of hearts and getting rid of it with this ritual will sever that connection to him.
"I'll go get us some drinks. Don't get into any trouble while I'm gone or before Mona and Tigress get back." She stares at me for a moment and I think she's onto me until she gets up and goes for the door.
Eric and Calcifer burst into the room, almost knocking Lippy over.
"You gotta come, my Queen."
Eric starts to say Adriel's name and I hold up a hand, sighing.
"Y'all just don't understand. Adriel and me are done." Unless he wants to come through and give me some good news. I'm not so desperate for him that I'll take whatever I can get. I need him to give too.
"Dria, for real. Adriel is in trouble. He needs you. Right now."
"What kind of trouble?" Lippy asks and I give her a look that says to butt out.
Making an impatient sound, he comes over and grabs me by the wrist. Fear streaks through me as he turns and half runs me towards the door, waiting for me to catch up while still moving. Eric would never grab me like that and haul ass like the place was on fire unless it was an emergency. Calcifer is moving with us, looking grim.
"Adriel went out and found some holy artifact— a statue of an angel holding a bow and arrow. He says its called Heaven's Arrow. He says he needs it show him his memories of the past before he came to The Underworld. Trouble is, it will either do that or turn his demon ass to ash. We need to get there before he activates it, or whatever."
By the time he finishes explaining, I'm running behind him and Calcifer leading the way.
Even balso are not totally immune to holy objects. If we're being naughty, or doing something evil, crosses can burn us. Some holy objects can hurt us regardless of what class demon we are simply because they were crafted to do that, repel all demons. Those are rare though. Why would Adriel go looking for something like that? I don't know what Heaven's Arrow is but it sounds a lot bigger than your standard cross. I run a little faster and the others pick up the pace.
I can't be too late. I just can't be.


Adriel

The debate continued. It's more like they were debating at me though because you know I've already made up my mind, with or without their consent.
I walk over to the statue and begin turning it to face forward. Thing weighs a ton, of course. Good thing for supernatural, demonic strength.
"Hey-ho-no!"
"Whoa!"
"Watch where you're pointing that thing!"
Ignoring them, I walk over and stand in front of the statue. Looking back at The Nine only once, I tell them, "Stand back. Don't get caught in the cross hairs. If this doesn't work, Dria will need all of you to fill in for me."
"Oh so all of us only equal to one of you?"
"Shut u— You know what, never mind. You know what I meant. I'm doing this now so just stand back."
Closing my eyes, I focus all my attention on the statue. I think about what I want to know, imagining every memory of Dria that I have all the way back to the first.
When I open my eyes, the statue is looking at me with blank stone eyes. It turns, shifting its shoulders and straightening its back. The stone angel begins readying its bow. Lining up the arrow.
"Holy shit!"
"El, no!"
"Are we really letting this happen?" Wynferd's voice comes from behind me.
"Stand back!" Hearing the sound of stone scraping stone as the bow is drawn, I watch as the arrow flies like its not made of rock. A brilliant light shines at the arrow's point and washes everything away as it hits me.

Thirteen years ago
She's sitting alone at a table scattered with textbooks from school and bills from scattered torn open envelopes, clutching her head.
"Shut up," she mutters between clenched teeth. "I said shut up!"
Some of the voices are just in her head. I feel sad that she has to suffer them. But the other voices are demonic. Demons who made their way into the human world and live to torment people who live with her condition. They would never appear before me but when I leave her, even for the shortest time, they creep back in and fill her head. I can feel them around her like infectious blight trying to pry their into her mind. Right now they can't sense me and without a little effort I cannot see them.
I let a little of my presence seep into the room just so my otherworldly friends know I'm hear.
Their presence around Alexandria vanishes. Sagging against the table, she takes a shuddering breath of relief. She sobs and I know its because her head hurts and she can still hear the other voices however faint.
A little of my presence isn't enough. Suddenly I need her to know that I'm here.
"Alexandria?"
Gasping, she jumps up so fast the chair she was sitting on slams into the floor.
"Who are you? How did you get in here?" she says nervously.
I lift one of my wings so she can see, smiling at her astonished expression, then put it away again.
"You're an...angel," she whispers. Then her nose wrinkles and she looks like she's about to cry. "I don't know. Are you real?"
I rush to her as she falls forward, faint from exhaustion and catch her in my arms. School and trying to organize the household bills to make sure they get paid is the only way anything gets done around here. Alexandria is alone. Utterly alone in this small apartment. I ease Alexandria her over to the sofa and sit down with her, cradling her against my side with one arm.
She moves back and looks at me, shaking. "You can't be real."
"You're dreaming then."
"Don't do that to me," she says sitting up to glare at me. "I still know when I'm awake and when I'm asleep. Even with the..."
"I know about them, Alexandria. The voices. I'm sorry. And, yes, I am really an angel." I can't believe I just lied to her. I don't think I've ever had reason to lie before. "It wasn't my intention to cause harm. I only wanted it to be easier for you to accept my presence."
"The voices went away," she mutters. "When you touched me, they stopped." Thank you. She hugs me. Tightly.
I feel a flush assault me from head to toe. Being corporeal, even momentarily, has some quirks. I hug her back, one hand on her, lips in her hair.
"Can I tell you something?"
"Anything," I say.
"Sometimes I feel you around me. I—" She frowns, then her eyes widen. "You saw me, didn't you? When I..."
"When you touched yourself. Yes." I feel her embarrassment. "Shhh." I take it away, absorbing it through my hand on her head. As cute as it is that she's embarrassed, I want her to feel safe and at ease. At least for a little while. Without meaning to, I murmur, "You were beautiful."
Besides, it's my fault. She felt me watching her after all. Avidly watching. Somehow Alexandria can sense my presence. This isn't usual between angel guardians and their charges but obviously its possible.
I'd been what I am long enough to forget how I was made. If I'd been human once, her awareness of me and reaction to my presence might make more sense to me somehow.
"Why do you make me feel like that? You're an angel," she says almost sleepily now.
"I don't know," I whisper. But I think...I think I like it.


18
Angel in Disguise

Dria

Remember how I let that priest stab me in the chest with his big, pointy holy sword and Adriel didn't like that despite my rampant healing abilities?
Payback's a bitch.
Adriel disappears in rays of light as the arrow pierces his chest. I scream. Arms are holding me back.
"Adriel!" I cry out.
"Wait! Just wait, Dria. It's all we can do."
The light is blinding and I have to fight not to look away. It doesn't dispel, just lingers there. I'm not sure how long it shines. All I know is that after a while, my eyes have to adjust when its finally gone. Even in the glare left by its holy floodlights, I see Adriel collapse to the floor.
Damus and Wynferd are already there, pulling his limp body up, checking to see if he's okay.
"He's alive!" Wynferd calls out and everybody stops holding their breaths.
Eric, Calypso, and Calcifer let go of me and I go to him, kneeling on the hard, stone floor. I take his face in my hands, feel for his breath. Thank God. He really is alive.
"I thought your ass was toast, man," says Kel. "Burnt."
The Nine crowd around us, staring down at their would-be King.
"Let's get him somewhere more comfortable." I need to hear him say he wants to come back to my service and my home so I don't command them to carry his ass right back to the house regardless of what I want. "Let's get him back to his room at the motel for now. He needs rest. When he awakens, I expect him to know he's been summoned."
"Yes, my Queen," comes the reply all around me.
It takes energy to pop in and out of places, which is why we don't do it often. You need to know where you're going or at least who you're going to. Since I've been in Adriel room at the motel, we simply pop over there with him. The guys carry him over to the bed and put him down.
"What's that smell?" I frown. It's cleaner than holy water. Purer.
"Angel. El mentioned that some angel came to visit him and told him about that statue," Wynferd explains distastefully.
My head goes back. "What business does an angel have with a demon?"
"I can't say. We can ask Adriel when he comes to."
"My Queen," says Fane hesitantly, "I know you want to stay here with him. I must insist we return home. It's what Adriel would want. Once we get you back there, we'll come back and watch over him until he wakes up. We'll take it in shifts if we have to, but I don't want you exposed."
Sighing, I cross my arms over my chest. I can't believe we were together in this room for the first time just last night. Suddenly, I'm torn between wanting more of last night and wanting my feelings to just STOP for five minutes and give me some peace.
Going to Lucil is right. Adriel will soon be back he belongs and I will have my throne even if my heart is...well, even if it's gone.
"Fine," I tell them. "I'll go back." Almost losing Adriel got me shook, for sure, if I'm not even arguing with them about this. I can't look at him, somehow knowing that the reason he stood before the Arrow is because of me.


Adriel

Barry is there when I wake up.
"I thought it was best if I waited until after your friends left."
The curtains are closed against the bright sun, thankfully. My head is ringing with weirdest headache. Groaning, I sit up on the bed.
"Now do you see? Your punishment? They took her memories but left her remembering the peace you gave her with no further relief."
"And they banished me from Heaven." I touch at my back. "They clipped my wings. When I became a demon, I lost my memories too. I wasn't allowed to see Alexandria again after that. Not as an angel. I became a Watcher and I saw her again." After I was forced to leave her, she overdosed on pills on the bathroom of that miserable little apartment, alone again, while I watched as a demon, unable to stop it. I remember the hollowing despair. The rage. And I didn't know why. Why was this happening to her? Why did I care? I'd seen people die all sorts of death. Why her? I didn't know. But what I did know was that her soul was coming to my new turf in The Underworld.
I'd see her again.
"Yeah, you got demoted. Or should I say, you got put on the other team." He nods at me like I'm a simpleton. "All because you just couldn't keep your hands to yourself."
"You sound salty about it."
"Oh I am." He looks me right in the eyes then. "You were, are, my best friend, Adriel." Tears shine in his eyes. "You just don't remember."
"I'm sorry."
He lowers his head, shaking it. The tears glitter as they fall. Pretty.
Barry swallows and continues, "Didn't you ever think your work ethic was a little too serious for an ordinary demon? And what kind of demon wields a sword of light and holy fire for that matter? You never even thought about it, did you."
"I'm a shadow demon—"
"Those are your demonic powers, yes. Remnants of your angelic powers still remain." A look came over Barry's face. "You were perfect, Adriel. Until you weren't, until you got Alexandria as your charge." He held up his hands and I realized my face must have done something at him. "Nothing against her." He points a finger at me. "You should've been able to control yourself better. You knew the rules."
"But why punish her too?"
"Alexandria wasn't punished. She was lead down the path. That's all. It wasn't a path you were meant to intervene in."
"Let's say I buy that. If God is so merciful then why punish me at all?"
"What transpired between you two just isn't allowed. Before, you saw her as God's charge. Through God, your charge. But in the moment you revealed yourself to her and touched her, you saw her as yours." He smiles a little. "Then you were not so perfect and still God loved you so. God loved you so that you were even allowed to reunite with Alexandria in The Underworld. God loved us both so that I was allowed to come to you in your second darkest hour and offer you comfort."
I think about his words. My mind wanders in different directions in the quiet between us until Barry speaks again.
"Isn't it ironic? You've been staying away from Alexandria, like a good angel would all this time since you fell. But your love isn't forbidden anymore, Adriel."
I raise an eyebrow. "Are you telling to go have crazy sex with the woman I've secretly been in love with and lusting after since before my own fall?"
"What I'm saying," Barry sighs, "is stop acting like an angel, Adriel. You're not one anymore."
Barry leaves a little bit later and I keep thinking about what I saw in the light of Heaven's Arrow and our conversation.
You just couldn't keep your hands to yourself.
No, I couldn't. And I couldn't let her go. Not without her knowing that she was loved. That someone loved her. No, that's not quite right. I couldn't let her go without her knowing that I loved her.
And I'm not going to let her go now.


19
Lucil

Dria

Lucil's den is big, ancient, and located in the bowels of The Underworld. The den is lit by torches that make long shadows of the natural columns lining the space.
Lucil sits on the old throne like she's glued to it, her long paling brown hair spread out over her shoulders. She is dressed in a gauzy, simple white gown, her bare feet primly resting in front of her. I know she knows I'm here even if her rheumy eyes don't find me as I enter the room.
"My usurper has arrived," she smiles twistedly, still without looking directly at me.
"I got the throne fair and square, Lucil. It's not my fault you didn't put forth a challenge because you scared to get your little old butt whooped," I tell her.
"You're not here to ask me for the throne so why are you here, demon Queen Alexandria?"
I take out the ceremonial dagger I brought with me from my waistband.
"I need you to eat my heart."
Lucil's eyes widen and she claps her hands.
"Oh my, my. Too bad I'm on one of those healthy vegan diets."
"You'll have to make an exception for a little red meat, mama."
"You're serious."
"What makes you think I'm not?"
"I assumed you'd showed up here being all enterprising to take me out early. I'm both pleased and disappointed to see that's not the case."
"Why disappointed?"
"You're punking out on me."
"Am not! I'll shank your ass right now, you dry old—"
"Now, now." Her eyes are glittering like she's enjoying messing with me. "Respect your elders, Alexandria. Now, what are you trying to sever from yourself by serving your heart up to me."
I hesitate, not really wanting to say it. Least of all to her. But honesty is the best policy.
"There's something in my heart that I can't control. A feeling for someone close to me."
"Mmm. Interesting." It might all be juicy gossip to her but its nothing but pain for me. Come closer, child.
I approach the throne and lean right up at her side so she can look into my eyes.
Lucil is just looking at me, looking into my eyes, but I speak against my will.
"I love him."
"You do," she crooned. "Poor child. Isn't that right, Knight errant?"
My shadow shifts and writhes. Adriel steps out from it, looking at me like he's hurting something fierce.
""Enough," Adriel says, his voice heavy with some burdenous emotion. Enough."
I wipe furiously at my eyes, realizing that I'm crying.
"What are you doing here, Adriel?" His beautiful eyes are shining and solemn as they regard me. When did you...? When did he invade my shadow this time? This man is too sneaky, for real.
He speaks to the former Queen. "I had heard of your treachery, Lucil. I dare not allow Alexandria, my Queen, here on her own to seek audience with you."
"What are you doing here, Adriel?" I ask again.
He looks at me. "I came to say something. I know at the time it didn't seem like it but... Our night together. I would never have gone that far with you if I wanted things to go back to the way they were before. I just didn't know how to say that at the time. I wanted to be in control of myself when I told you that. That's why I didn't tell you that night. Why didn't you wait to talk to me?"
Something inside of me swells with hope at as soon as he says he would never have been with me that night if he wanted things to go back to the way they were before. Gotdamn, why couldn't he just have said that before!? But I guess that's the point he's trying to make.
"I was tired of waiting. I was...afraid of what you'd say. You've always been so..."
"Rigid?"
Y'all heard that, right?
"Hey you said it, not me. Yes. Pretty much."
"I can see that now. But this isn't the answer," he gestures at the dagger and at Lucil. "We can do better than this, I promise."
"Hey!"
Garrick and the party, including Mona, Tigress, and Lippy come toward us en masse. Where I go, the Nine go. I'm surprised they didn't catch up sooner. Still, I wish they weren't interrupting.
"This is the last time you give us the slip, Dria. Seriously! Can't you just stay put, for Hell's sake?" Fane demands.
"And what you doing with that knife?" Mona asks. "You planning on gutting Queen Lucil or something?" I'd have laughed if it wasn't so Mona to point it out like that.
She doesn't have the balls, Lucil smirks.
I point the dagger at Lucil's head. "You keep talkin' that mess. I already told you. The Queen gone be dead and long live the Queen—me, that is!"
Adriel takes my hand and forces me to lower the weapon.
"Dria, be calm. And this is about us."
As a matter of fact, it looks like it's about something bigger than us. A crowd's been gathering for a minute now. Sahir is even there.
"Word is you came to take the throne from Lucil a little early," Mona explains. She shakes her head. "So mafioso." Like she believes I'm actually here to do that.
Lucil, who is cracking up at this point, that Lucil? This is probably the funniest thing to happen to her all day. Considering I don't find the real reason I came here all that funny, I give her a dry sort of look.
"Alexandria isn't here to kill Lucil," Adriel tells everyone. Then his gaze is all for Sahir. "But since there's a crowd, there is something I need to make perfectly clear."


20
The Claim

Adriel

Dria's gaze draws a line between me and Sahir and back again.
"Now who's not being calm?"
"I am calm," I say. "I'm going to calmly kick his ass."
"That isn't necessary. Sahir gets the picture."
"With all these people watching, I think I need to make sure the picture is as clear as possible." Besides, I need someone to take my frustration out on and Sahir is a nice, solid target.
I move Dria's hand holding me back off my chest.
"I'mma do what I should've done thirteen years ago."
"What's that?"
"Let The Underworld know where I belong."
Alexandria's eyes widen. Then she just smiles and shakes her head.
I walk up to Sahir, rolling my shoulders and ready to go, but he gives me the most serene, dark eyes.
"How do you want to play this?"
"Wasn't expecting that." I raise an eyebrow at him.
"I'm not a fool. It took Alexandria this long to accept me as her King for a reason. I now know that reason is you. I mean I'm a close second for her but there was obviously always another man."
"Are you saying we should have a fake fight?"
"I like Dria but I'm not willing to get my ass handed to me over a fight I've already lost. You need to stake your claim publicly. I want to make it out of here without getting my head ripped off. How do we gain here?"
I think about it for an instant. Then I draw my sword. There's no holy fire on my blade because I realize I have no intention of killing him.
"Keep up," I tell him.
Someone fetches Sahir a broadsword. Good. I don't want him unarmed. When they say I won, I want there to be no doubt. Of course he doesn't make the first move. It kind of ticks me off that for him it's only a staged fight for the benefit of the demons watching. I move first and we clash, swords ringing.
I'm coming at him like it's real. Too bad for him. I'll make him pay for every lingering glance and every caressing touch he's ever laid on Alexandria. Its not the guy's fault that I wasn't available and he was. Doesn't mean I have to like him though.
Sahir stumbles and manages another block and evade. Ever since I resigned myself to watching suitors come in and out of Dria's life, there's been this anger building up inside. It's why I want Sahir to fight me for real. It's why I'm fighting for real. Not because I have anything to prove really, but because I really need to vent even though the person I'm truly angry with is myself. Me. The one who denied myself Alexandria's love for so long. I wonder as I bear down on Sahir if he's just a pretty face. I wonder if this fight wasn't essentially one-sided would he be fighting for real. Our eyes meet over our blades. His arms tremble. A dark desire inside me says to keep bearing down until I snap that sword in his hands and cut off his head. I'm aware Sahir isn't fighting me at his full strength and if I go too far...
"That's enough," Alexandria calls it.
Pushing down that dark desire, I take a big step back away from Sahir. He swallows and straightens, tugging at his collar like he knows how close he was to getting beheaded.
The crowd jeers but no one says anything to challenge Dria's decree. Good, because I've never viewed myself as the kind of man or demon who just slaughters someone regardless of the situation. Maybe that's the angel in me.


Dria

The crowd clears at my command. When I'm sure no one is watching, I go over to the two men.
"Thank you," Sahir, I tell him and take his free hand. I'm not sure how much of a warrior he is but as demon he has to know how to fight and I can tell he wasn't putting his heart into the fight. Like I said before, Adriel is one of the best. I'm glad Sahir didn't rise to the challenge of his ire. I'd hate to lose him because I selfishly thought I could take him as my King after Adriel rejected me at first. I would have, you know. Taken Sahir as my King rather than lose the throne.
"Anything for a friend." Cheekily, he comes in close and kisses me in the mouth and earns a seething glare from Adriel who still hasn't sheathed his sword. Giving the other man a burning look and a warning nod, Sahir says, "I look forward to attending your upcoming nuptials."
"There's also going to be a funeral if you do that again," Adriel says coldly.
Sahir smiles coolly and bows. "Of course. My Queen." He offers me a bow and leaves.
I probably wouldn't be what Sahir deserves anyway. I can only imagine that's what it would've been like when my heart belongs to someone else. I hate to cut him loose but I'll still have my King.
"Adriel, I bring you back into my service and I claim you as my King and General."
He kneels before me and takes my hands in his, looking up at me faithfully.
"I return to my Queen's service and am beyond honored to be her King."
"At last." I control the excitement running through me and incline my head regally.
"Now let us return to my chambers and consummate our mating immediately," I say, eyes going red. Are you surprised? Don't be. We only had one night together and I'm not okay with that.
"Before that..." Kel steps forward and earns a glare from me. "My Queen, there is a situation at the Gates."
"What the hell is it?" I say irritably. I should've known I couldn't have my cake and eat it immediately.
"A priest is there to see you. A Priest Anthony DeMarco."
Adriel rises and says, "The priest who tried to kill her?" His sword rings as he flicks it. "I'll go get rid of him."
"Wait, El." I stop him with a hand, knowing that the priest is dead if I let Adriel go to the gate. He still hasn't gotten over the whole sword through the chest thing, I bet. "Has the priest said what he wants?"
"He says he needs your help. Says he'll wait as long as it takes to see you."
I purse my lips. Why try to kill the Queen of The Underworld then come crawling back asking for help? He and Glasford barely made it out of here with their lives the last time they tried something. I'd had The Nine keeping an eye on them in the human world ever since in case he tried something else. I'd even considered having them both killed to end any future threats and to send a message to The Church and whoever else they were working with. Basically, he has some nerve showing his face here so the reason has gotta be good.
"Let's head back," I tell everyone. "I want to know what this priests want." Then I'm shutting everything down because Adriel and me are about to get some quality alone time.
At the house, I instruct the guards to bring Priest DeMarco to me in the parlor. The Nine insist on remaining at my side, as is their duty, though Damus goes along to escort them.
The guards force DeMarco onto his knees before me, holding his arms. He doesn't seem to mind though as he groans and bends over, clutching his sides tight.
"What's the matter with you?" I ask. The Nine move forward to cover me like he's a bomb (which is possible, you'd be surprised) but I hold up a hand and look towards Kel.
Kel shakes his head. "I don't think he's a threat to you. I don't sense anything on him or inside of him. But there is something. You can smell it, can't you?"
I scent the air around the priest.
"Open his mouth," I order.
One of the guards pries open DeMarco's jaws. His incisors are pointed and lengthened.
"Blood thirst. Vampire. Really? I've got to wonder how that happened."
The guards release him and DeMarco grits his teeth and looks up at me through eyes glassy with hunger. His voice is pained, as I would imagine if he has been refusing to feed after being turned.
"I was told that if I killed you...the curse would be lifted."
"Um, vampirism don't work like that. Hate to break it to you, but you kind of are what you are now.” Likely it was Glasford who lied to him in order to get to me.
"There...must be something," he struggles, nails digging into the carpet. "Something you can do to turn me back into a human."
"There isn't," I tell him. "Nothing that I know of." Sighing, I realize he's got bigger problems than trying to kill me. "There is a potion that can allow you to sleep for time to ease your pain until I find a willing party to feed you. Or I can kill you. Those are the only mercies I can offer. If you want the pain to stop, you have to feed."
"Why would you...do that?" He takes a few gasping breaths.
I smile. "Because I can."


21
Long Live The Queen

Adriel

I feel a little guilty holed up in Dria's chambers while The Nine stand guard. But at this point, except for the ceremony, it's official. They know that I'm their King now.
We're in Dria's bed again. Naked, just the way I like it.
"So that's what it is. You were an angel once and I was your charge. You were still playing by their rules." I've just finished telling her what I saw and remembered in the light of Heaven's Arrow.
"I guess I was."
She wriggles closer to me. "I could always feel your big, sexy presence around me even back then. Even when you were an angel and supposed to be all chaste and without lust or sin of any kind."
I laugh, biting my lip.
"Then you were meant to be a demon, like me. Now we can be together."
Barry said this was God's mercy. Maybe he's right about that, too.
"What do you plan to do with the priest?" I ask.
She shrugs. "I still think he would've made a better demon but he still pretty hot as a vampire. He can feed on demons while he's here but I imagine it's best I send him on home where he can learn to feed on humans."
"Why do anything for him? He did try to kill you. Acts of mercy won't win you any fans down here. It might even look like a weakness and invite more challenges."
Giving another shrug, Dria swirls a lock of my hair around her finger.
"If I save this priest, then maybe The Church or whatever faction wants to off me will back off."
"I'm not so sure about that," I sigh as I pull her closer and tuck her into me. "The Church may just turn around and execute him for what he is anyway. They may not thank you for saving him." I don't want him here but my Queen has put him in a room on the second floor. He chose to sleep rather than be killed immediately. Whether he feeds or changes his mind when he awakens is up to him. Dria will only kill him if he gives her a reason to.
"Also true. I guess we'll see what happens."
"I love you, Alexandria. You know now that I've loved you for a long time, even if you can't remember."
She nuzzles my jaw with her cheek.
"Maybe I should go before the Arrow, too. I want to know for myself what happened back then."
"Not a chance." If I'm going to be her King then I'll have to put my foot down at some point. Going before a holy artifact that has a fifty-fifty chance of reducing her to ash is one of the things I cannot allow.
Dria laughs and kisses me. "I love you, Adriel, my King. I always have."
After my memories were gone, somehow, on some level, I must have remembered who I was as an angel and that stopped me from accepting Dria's feelings. There was always this lingering sensation like I was doing something wrong wanting her. But Barry was right. I'm not an angel anymore. A good thing, too. I never could've stayed away from Alexandria or followed those rules.
"Long live The Queen," I say, kissing down Dria's neck.
"And the King," Dria says. She moans and climbs onto my hips. "I do love being Queen," she says, her lusty red gaze filled with love and desire. She runs her hands over my chest and I pull her down for another kiss.
####



Thank you for reading my book. If you enjoyed it, won’t you please take a moment to leave me a review at your favorite retailer?

Thanks!
S.T.
About S.T. Rucker

S.T. Rucker was born and raised in Atlanta, Georgia and earned her Bachelor of Arts from Seattle University in English/Creative Writing. She likes reading books that appeal to her sense of justice, adventure, romance, the fantastic and the whimsical–this is also what she enjoys writing. She currently lives in Kansas City, Missouri.




Other Titles by S.T. Rucker


Oracle

Infinity Second




Connect with S.T. Rucker

Follow and read more from me on Wattpad:
www.wattpad.com/STRuckerWrites

Follow me on Instagram:
www.instagram.com/STRuckerWrites 

Keep up with my news and more on my Wordpress blog:
sepiaheaven.wordpress.com 

Follow me on Facebook:
www.facebook.com/STRuckerWrites 

Favorite me at Smashwords:
www.smashwords.com/author/strucker 

