
All That Remains 









SMASHWORDS EDITION



Copyright © 2017 Caitlin McColl

All rights reserved.













Smashwords Edition, License Notes

Thank you for downloading this ebook. This book remains the copy-righted property of the author, and may not be redistributed to others for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy from their favorite authorized retailer. Thank you for your support.


All That Remains
Amelia, a young woman who once thought herself damaged after an accident leaving her with a prosthetic leg and arm, realizes her imperfections are an advantage in a post-apocalyptic world

Chapter 1 – All That Remains 
It was a phrase that Amelia Brown heard a lot in the days following the accident. “All that remains”, the accident investigation officers kept saying to others, as she lay in the hospital. All that remains of her car, all that remains of the store front. It seemed like that phrase was contagious, because the doctors and nurses started saying it too. “All that remains of your leg, Amelia,” they’d say in soft, soothing tones. “All that remains of your arm,” they’d add. As if the parts that were left was a negative thing, she always thought. She had hit one of them. It had appeared out of nowhere, and she’d swerved, but it still hit her, and then she hit the storefront. At first, she felt awful about it, but not anymore. Not when people finally started to realize what they were.
Since the accident, Amelia Brown had felt self-conscious about herself. She still wasn’t used to seeing smooth, hard, shiny material where there was once soft, matte skin. Her prosthetic leg and arm on her left side hadn’t taken all that long to get used to, even though sometimes it chafed and itched when she first put them on. The thing that almost bothered her more was that she was, or rather had been, left-handed, so she had to train herself to write with her right hand now. That still kind of irked her, because the smooth, flowing handwriting of her former self was now jagged and jumpy and looked like something a young child would do instead of a woman in her mid-thirties.
But that was almost six months ago now. Amelia laughed at the thought that she had been irritated by her unruly penmanship. That was the least of her worries now. And she wasn’t self-conscious about her fake limbs anymore either. In fact, she was grateful. Never in a million years would she have thought that surviving a car accident and coming away with new body parts made of special plastics and stainless steel would be a blessing, rather than a curse.
But here she was, sitting on top of an apartment rooftop, screwing on a new hand. She was now a weapon, if she wanted to be. And in this new world, always having a weapon was the only way you could even hope to survive. People who didn’t carry weapons were just fooling themselves. Her mother’s face rose in her mind, unbidden, with her brown hair tied back in its usual two side twists and her dimpled smile. She focused on putting on her hand. She didn’t want to think about her mother, and her mother’s insistence on not using weapons. She didn’t want to think about where that got her.
She placed her regular hand in the satchel that lay slung across her body, hanging at her hip. It clattered against the other interchangeable bits and pieces of her that she could use depending on the circumstances – different leg attachments for hiking, running, climbing. And different hands, or at least things she could put on in place of her hand. Inside the bag was an assortment of knives, lock picks, needles, and even one that was an axe head. She hadn’t thought that that would ever come in, she winced at the unintentional pun, handy, but realized it was useful for breaking through stubborn wooden doors, or boarded up windows. There were a lot of those these days. 
But at the moment she was putting on her telescope hand. With her living hand, as she liked to call it, she extended the telescope to its furthest point and lifted it to her eye, squinting with the other instinctively. A cold wind blew across the top of the building and she shivered pulling the shawl she’d thrown over her shoulders around her a bit tighter.
Amelia was so focused on what she was looking at, across the ruins of the city, with jagged remains of buildings sticking up like broken, rotted teeth that she didn’t hear the person who had come up behind her.

Chapter 2 – An Unlikely Group
“Hey there, pretty lady,” the man said, his shadow falling over her and causing the cold roof to become infinitesimally cooler. 
Amelia started and tried to scramble up, but remembered she’d removed her leg to be more comfortable.
She whipped around, her heart her throat and her live hand instantly going for her bag so she could pull out one of her knife prosthetics.
“Whoa, whoa, easy there!” the man said, raising his hands up defensively and taking a step back. “I just came up here to see how you were doing.”
“Jeremy!” Amelia shouted in a lowered voice, so anyone below wouldn’t be able to hear. “You scared me!”
Jeremy Atwell shook his head apologetically. “Sorry, I didn’t mean to. Like I said, I just came up to see how you were doing. Sam said you went up here to take a look.”
Jeremy was part of the team, along with Sam and a small handful of others. He squinted at Amelia through his wire-rimmed glasses, to block out the rising sun which had begun to hit metal and glass of the surrounding buildings with blinding ferocity. Jeremy still looked mostly like his former self, except didn’t wear suits anymore, of course, and instead was dress in a rumpled long-sleeved shirt and similarly creased tan khaki pants. He no longer looked like an accountant, but an accountant on holiday. Except with the additions of a bullet proof vest and protective padding around arms and legs, with enough mobility to be able to run if necessary. 
Amelia bristled at the interruption, more due to the fact that she was angry at herself than him. She had been unprepared for his arrival and hadn’t been in a position to really defend herself or run away if she really needed to, if it was one of them, instead of one of her team. She lowered her telescope and grabbed her prosthetic leg that lay on the ground beside her and deftly screwed it into the plate that was grafted to what was left. With the scrape of hard plastic against concrete she stood, ignoring Jeremy’s offered hand to help her.
Jeremy moved to the edge of the roof, as close as he dared without being seen by anyone else out there in the wilderness of the city. If you couldn’t see them, they couldn’t see you as the saying went. Or at least you hoped that was the case. “Anything?” Jeremy asked.
Amelia shook her head. “Nope, nothing. Not yet anyway. Maye it’s still a bit too early for them.” She looked up to the sky, at its clear robin-egg blue, looking for any sign of airships, their metal hulls glinting brilliant copper in the sun. You used to see them, of course, before the outbreak happened. Transport ships and passenger ships, so much more efficient than old-fashioned airplanes. They were larger, could carry more people and cargo more safely. They had even been designing one to go back into space. But that was before. It seemed that the creatures on the ground had put a stop to everything, including in the sky. She could vaguely recall hearing talk, when it all first started, of people taking refuge on airships, using them as floating islands, keeping survivors isolated from the chaos below on the ground. Amelia shook her head, sighed and turned away from the sky, empty of anything except the odd forlorn looking cloud, or small mangy pigeon. “The sun hasn’t really risen much yet so it might still be too early for any activity,” she added.
Jeremy nodded. “You’re probably right. Have you noticed any other survivors from up here?”
“You mean besides the last group that we saw on the building next door before they continued on their way?” Amelia asked, her tone becoming slightly sarcastic. She was tired and stiff, and grumpy. She didn’t wait for Jeremy to reply. “No, no other survivors. Haven’t seen any really since the mass evacuation.”
Jeremy shook his head. “You’d think it’d be safer to stay in the cities. More resources, more places to hide, take refuge.”
“More people in one area means more risk of contracting the virus,” Amelia added. “People were smart to leave.”
Jeremy turned his dark eyes to Amelia’s. “Why didn’t you leave too?” 
She shrugged. She didn’t really know, exactly, but it seemed like her new self, post-accident, part material, part flesh, was an advantage to fighting the infected people. She could hit them and kick them with her prosthetics with no worry that she would get bitten or cut, as long as she kept the flesh and bone part of her away from their teeth and nails.
The virus hit all of a sudden, and spread quickly, almost as fast as the Ebola outbreak of 2014, Amelia had thought when news of it had flown around the world like wildfire. She remembered the Ebola scare as if it were just yesterday, instead of almost eleven years ago.
On the other hand, this virus seemed like it had been around for years, instead of just the last year and a half. It was almost impossible to wrap your head around how quickly everything went from normal to chaos to unrecognizable. It was so fast that scientists hadn’t even had time to give the virus a name, other than its scientific one, a string of letters and numbers that didn’t mean much of anything to anyone. And Amelia supposed that the scientists that had isolated it in the lab, after they’d got the first cases of it in hospitals, weren’t even around now to care. They were probably among the first wave of victims, and probably still around somewhere, skulking in the dark alleyways and abandoned offices, waiting for prey to stumble across their paths before attacking and tearing into them with teeth and nails not made to do those sorts of things. 
The virus switched off the humanity of a person and turned on their primitive, animal instincts. It made them only aware of two things: hunting and survival. And for some reason, it also slowed them down when it was cold, like cold blooded reptiles.
Which was the only way Amelia and her band of survivors, and any other ragtag groups of people who still managed to stay alive, had managed to survive this long. Like lizards, the infected slowed down at night, and during the winter, only becoming active during full daytime when the temperature rose. It was then they were most dangerous. It was like they needed their batteries recharged, and weren’t as much of a threat.
Of course, in warmer climates, they were always at full beast mode, which made countries like Africa pretty much a no-go zone. The warmer southern states, where it never fell below freezing were also mostly overrun by infected, who turned on survivors, and then on themselves, once their uninfected food source ran dry. 
The military had been called in, and Martial law declared after about two months, when there were no signs of the virus abating, and instead reports of the number of infected was increasing rapidly. The victims of the virus at first were locked up – in anything – prisons, cages in zoos, anywhere to keep them away from the general population. 
Amelia moved as close to the edge as she dared and looked down. The sun had begun to spread its fingers across the city, penetrating the shadowed streets. She saw movement down below them, the strange smooth gait of a person turned animal, stalking and hunting prey. The Werewolf virus people had started to call it much later, once descriptions of the symptoms of the virus hit the news and social media
She looked at Jeremy. He had a rifle slung across him. It looked incongruous, an accountant with slightly balding dark hair and a bit on the chubby side clutching a rifle and wearing makeshift armour. She reached into her bag with her good hand and pulled out a prosthetic with a sharp blade at the end. She flicked a small switch on the side and the blade retracted, like an X-Acto knife. It was a safety precaution, so she didn't accidentally hurt the others in her group.
"We better get moving if we want to make it outside the city," Jeremy said, still squinting out across what remained of a city that as little as six months ago was still vibrant and life went on as normal. People had thought, hoped, that maybe the werewolf virus would somehow spare them, that a cure would be found before it brought the world to the brink of extinction. Amelia turned away from the answer that the virus had chosen.
“Where are we going to go?” she asked, as she headed down the stairs leading from the roof to the rest of the building in a slightly stilted walk due to her prosthesis. She had lost her leg from just above the knee, so her new knee was basically a ball-bearing contraption and for some reason, this post-virus apocalypse world wasn’t kind to things like that. The knee-joint moved stiffly.
Jeremy shrugged causing the rifle to bounce. “Outside of the city. That’s where they said people should go.” Amelia sighed. They being the government, being the military, being the police. Being anyone in charge. And look what good they did? Amelia assumed that most of the important people were now victims of the virus. She hadn’t yet come across anyone who claimed to be anything important, anything really useful, like a doctor, or scientist or even politician. Though what a politician could do against the animal-people, Amelia didn’t know.
Amelia pushed a door open on the twelfth and top floor with the stub of her arm and entered an office with cubicles scattered around in pods of four. Five clusters of four had been dismantled and the desks removed from the inside so that it was a fairly large space surrounded by four walls that Amelia couldn’t look over unless she stood on her toes, and even then she couldn’t see all the way in. Their group had made them their living quarters. Sam was sitting on the floor in his ‘bedroom’ curled up on a mass of blankets that they had managed to grab from a Department store before they stumbled across this now empty office building.
It must’ve been on a weekend when the virus took hold of the city, Amelia thought. Thankfully. otherwise this building would have been filled with human-animals.
Sam glanced up briefly from his work, which was looking at maps spread out across his lap, that flowed onto the floor. He held up his cell phone. “I think the generator in this building is finally dying,” he said. As if to confirm his hypothesis, the banks of fluorescent lights above them blinked and flickered. “My phone is having trouble staying charged,” he went on. “I was trying to look at the GPS on here to find the quickest way out of here. He pointed to the map that was on his lap. “If we head east, that’ll take us away from the coast and further inland.”
Amelia shook her head, causing dirty blond hair she’d attempted to tie back to fall into her face. she brushed it way with her living hand. “But that way, we’d be trapped,” she said, matter of fact. “I know they,” she put emphasis on the word, “said it would be best to leave the cities where there’s higher concentrations of them, but…” she trailed off, not sure what she was actually trying to say. “But they could trap us. There would be nowhere to run if a bunch of them tracked us down.” Amelia had been trying to figure out exactly what sort of animal the Werewolf virus turned people into, but she hadn’t been able to pinpoint anything. Just that they turned from normal person to wild and savage, wanting to bite and scratch and attack anything that was living. They weren’t picky. Amelia had seen plenty of them eating one of the more plentiful sources of meat, the staple wild animal of every large city – pigeons. Good riddance, she thought.
Sam pointed to her handless-arm which held the hidden knife inside and gestured to Jeremy’s rifle. “But we have weapons,” he said simply, as if that justified everything.
“What if we could find a boat or something and sail somewhere. Find somewhere the virus hasn’t hit?”
Sam and Jeremy stared at her. “The virus has hit everywhere,” Sam said in a slightly irritated tone. “Remember the news said it’s even his Australia and New Zealand? If it’s made its way there, it’s most likely everywhere.”
“But-” Amelia began to protest and Jeremy held up a hand to stop her.
“I know what you’re going to say. If we’ve managed to survive and not get infected, there’s going to be others.”
The sound of gunfire rang out from lower down in the building, interrupting him. Jessica. She was their lookout. She was the only one that had experience with actually handling and shooting a gun. Before the virus took hold, she was a police officer. Still was, in some ways.
Amelia ran to the window, threw it open, and poked her head out. She spotted Jessica’s short dark hair easily against the light concrete of the building, about 8 floors down. “What’s happening?” she yelled.

Chapter 3 – Breached
Jessica turned her head to look upwards, squinting against the brightness. “We’ve been breached!” she shouted back, pointing downwards to where a cluster of people were shoving and pushing their way into their building. Jessica turned back to them and continued to fire. Amelia watched as bodies fell.
She turned away from the window. “Come on!” she shouted urgently, panic rising up inside her like a wave.
Sam jumped up quickly. He was light and strong, a professional runner. Amelia envied him. She could run too, but not as smoothly as Sam and after a while the plastic of her prosthetic chafed where it met her skin, even though she couldn’t feel it much due to damaged nerve endings. But it could still start to bleed after a time, leaving her more susceptible to infection. To the virus, she thought without wanting to. She shuddered at the implications and shouldered her bag of hands and feet.
Jeremy was already out the door, shouting behind him as he disappeared. “East exit that leads toward the park! Remember our emergency plan!”.
Amelia ran back to the window. “We’re going to go out the back east exit!” She shouted down to Jessica. “Emergency protocol is active!”
Jessica flashed a thumbs up before turning back to her task. “Got it! I’ll be right there!”
Amelia ran. When she was three floors from the bottom she heard noise – a loud popping and splintering of wood. She heard the squeak of running shoes and the stomp of others on the polished tiled floor of the building lobby. They were inside.
She moved as fast as she could, gripping the stair handrails with her good hand and jumping down a couple stairs at a time.
By the time she reached the narrow metal door that led out into a dirty alley cluttered with garbage that hadn’t been picked up for months, the others were gone.
Where they were headed was in the opposite direction from where Sam had wanted them to go on the map, but it was closer to where Amelia wanted to head for. The ocean.
They’d found their emergency plan gathering point when they’d first found the office building and were looking out over the city from the rooftop. It was a train station. The terminal where all the trains that came to the city stopped. It was full of passenger cars, which could be securely locked. They’d scouted out the station and the trains when it had turned night and the creatures had slowed down with the drop in temperature, finding places to hibernate, and the ones they did encounter were sluggish and easy to pick off.
It was empty. All the passengers and train crew had left when the city had ordered all trains stopped – in a bid to contain the virus. A lot of the trains were missing, leaving empty tracks, but there were still a few there, when people thought the city might have been a haven. Others, perhaps smarter, took the train away from here ignoring the government orders not to spread infection outside, trying to find respite elsewhere. Amelia wondered if they had.
She shoved the door open and slid the switch on the side of her arm, pushing the blade out fully. She burst out of the alley and immediately ran into an infected who had been rummaging through an over flowing trashcan of rotting food and garbage.
The man, thin and wiry with blue eyes and dark hair that had grown past his ears was young-looking, around Amelia’s own age, she guessed as she slashed at him with her knife when he lunged toward her, his lips pulled back, exposing his teeth in a guttural snarl.
She jabbed towards him, her knife slicing easily through his stained shirt, what had once been a nice, probably expensive, button-down, and cut him across the chest and stomach. His pale blue shirt blossomed red and he howled in pain. He reacted by reaching towards her, trying to claw and scratch.
She jumped backwards and stumbled when her fake leg hit the ground awkwardly.
The man moved toward her again, almost oblivious to the blood that was pouring from the gash across him.
A shot rang out, so close by that Amelia screamed, but the man jerked as the bullet hit him, and then fell to the ground in a heap.
Amelia turned to see Jessica sprinting towards her, just before Jessica grabbed her by the elbow. “Come on!” she encouraged, pulling Amelia along until she found her stride again.
The gun had given away their location. Jessica shot their way through the ones coming towards them in the direction they were headed, clearing a path and Amelia went for others as they got close enough.

Chapter 4 – Temporary Refuge
It felt like they had been running for hours when they finally reached the train station.
Amelia ran for the large passenger train on the third set of tracks. It was the one they’d determined was most secure.
She could see Sam moving about in the cab of the train. And saw movement in one of the first passenger cars – Jeremy.
Amelia reached the sealed door of the carriage first and banged on the thick window with her plastic arm.
Jeremy looked up from one of the passenger car dining tables and saw them. She gestured wildly and a moment later Jeremy appeared and unlocked the door, pulling it open.
The two women climbed aboard and Jessica threw the heavy metal latch lock over, sealing them safely inside a tin can.
“Are the rest of the cars secured?” Jessica asked, turning blue eyes on Jeremy.
He nodded. “First thing we did was lock them all once we were in.”
The car juddered and Amelia had to steady herself, bracing against a narrow wall that separated spaces within cars. She heard Sam shout something from up front, but couldn’t make it out clearly.
And then the train began to move forward. “What?” Amelia stuttered, trying to make sense of what was happening.
“He got it going!” Jeremy shouted.
“How? Where?” Amelia fought to find the right words in her shock. “Where are we going? What are we doing?”
“We’re leaving the city!” Jeremy and Jessica said simultaneously, Jessica clapping her hands with excitement.
“What?” Amelia’s voice rose in a shocked screech. “Where are we going?”
“Who cares?” Jessica said. “Isn’t it just good enough that we’re getting away from here?”
As the train station slid further away from them, Amelia could see the ocean along one side. She spotted a group of infected huddled around something they had killed, hunched down and reaching and grasping towards something she turned her gaze from. Beyond them the ocean was a sliver of silver, lit by the sun. And then it began to disappear as the train changed direction, turning away from the water and heading inland.
She sighed and made her way to the cab where Sam was sitting in the engineer’s seat.
“Since when did you know how to drive a train?” she asked sharply.
Sam glanced at her with his green eyes, flashing a brief smile. “I used to take them a lot when I went to races. I preferred to see the country this way. It’s relaxing. Like driving but you don’t have to do anything. One time I entered a contest where you could spend a day up here in the cab being shown how to operate a diesel train.” He shrugged. “I never would’ve thought that would ever be useful...” he trailed off, looking out of the slanted window in front of them. The landscape flew towards and past them. Buildings clustered together in the downtown core, many irreparably damaged by the military when they had turned on the cities, trying to flush the savage, untamed people out, to save he rest began to thin out, becoming shorter shopping plazas, and long, low industrial warehouses. The warehouses eventually turned to houses. First large, grand mansions, and eventually shrinking to small, rundown residences. Amelia noticed that most windows and doors were boarded up. And that applied to all, from large to small.
"What?” Sam asked, turning to her.
Amelia shook her head. “Nothing.” She looked out the small side window and started, a gasp escaping.
Sam followed her gaze. “Wolves!” he shouted. A trail of infected were running alongside the train.
Amelia ran back to the passenger car where Jessica and Jeremy were. They had already pushed open a couple windows and were shooting at the men and women as they tried to surge toward the train.
Amelia removed her bag from her back.
Most of the people were falling back with the gunshots, but Amelia watched, her eyes widening in horror, as one woman in torn, stained jeans and similarly destroyed blouse, leapt at the train, and managed to grab on, her fingers crusted and stiff with dried blood, gripping the thin rims of the windows and pulling herself along. Jeremy was closest to her, and was too focused on aiming his rifle.
Before Amelia could even open her mouth to warn him, the woman, with a wild, crazed look on her face and in her eyes, tore the weapon from his hands and tossed it away, at the same time grabbing onto his arm, and bringing her head down.
The woman bit him, her jaws clamping down on his forearm, and Jeremy screamed, trying to pull his arm from her mouth. Amelia felt sick at the blood that spilled from him, dripping onto the fake leather chairs next to the window. Jeremy managed to yank his arm away, but left a hunk of himself with the woman, and a gaping hole in his arm.
The woman reached into the open window, trying to pull herself in. Amelia blindly reached into her bag and pulled something out. It was one of her running legs, with a thin curved piece of flexible material. It wasn’t ideal but it would have to do. She whacked at the woman with the running foot as hard as she could, swinging it down on its side like a blade.
She lifted it and swung again and again, until the dirty fingers lost their grip on the window sill and fell away.
Her heart pounded in her chest and ears, so loudly that it took a few moments for Jeremy’s cries to penetrate the noise of her heart that filled her head.
She turned and ran to Jeremy’s side. She was about to open her mouth to ask if he was okay when she shut it again. Of course he isn’t, she thought angrily, shaking her head at the stupid question. 
Jeremy was collapsed in one of the many passenger seats in the carriage, grouped in rows of three, separated by an aisle down the middle. Sweat ran down his face, mingling with tears on his cheeks. He muttered something too quiet for Amelia to hear.
“What?” she asked, quietly, fearfully.
Jeremy thrashed in his chair, his eyes screwed shut tightly. “Do it,” he said, so softly that Amelia wondered if she’d imagined it. She was about to question him again when his eyes flew open. He stared not at her, but through her with eyes that had begun to turn cloudy. “Do it!” he screamed.
She jumped backwards, almost bumping into Jessica.
She rummaged in her bag at her hip, looking for her pistol. Her hands were shaking, her fingers fumbling.
Jeremy tried to launch himself up from the chair, still holding tight to his bleeding arm. Amelia shrieked with fright, falling backward, her prosthetic leg twisting at an awkward angle under her.
Before she realized what was happening, the car was filled with the too-loud sound of a gunshot. Amelia put her good hand up to her ear, and tried to press her other arm to her other ear to block out the noise, but it was too late. Her ears rang and buzzed, a loud high-pitched whine like an alarm going off.
Jeremy’s body fell onto the floor in front of her. He wasn’t a heavy man, but the weight of his body falling shook the ground beneath her. She closed her eyes tight against the vision of his body sprawling out in a jumble of arms and legs and the blood that was creeping its way slowly across the floor.
Jeremy was dead. Amelia didn’t want to open her eyes again and see him lying there. Even though she knew it was the only thing to do. People who were bit turned into one of the infected. If they survived that was. Just like a zombie.
Even though Amelia kept her eyes shut, she could feel the tears trying to squeeze out of the corners. She took a deep breath and opened them, and unsteadily climbed to her feet.
Jessica was back at the window. Amelia noticed that the trail of infected had thinned and were falling back. Jessica could handle it on her own, Amelia thought, heading to the cab where Sam was.
“What happened back there?” Sam said, turning panicked eyes to her.
Amelia had to swallow to speak. “Jeremy was attacked.”
Sam’s already wide eyes widened further. “He-”
“Was bitten,” Amelia finished for him. “We had to do it.”
Sam closed his eyes briefly and nodded in understanding. He had lost people before, when the virus first started changing people.
“There was a group following the train,” Amelia continued. “But Jessica has kept them at bay now.” She looked ahead at the dry barren landscape that was coming towards and past them.
She was silent for a moment, debating whether or not to ask a question she wasn’t sure she really wanted an answer to.
She took a deep breath. “Where are we going? Do you even have a plan?”
Sam laughed bitterly. “Of course I have a plan! I’m not stupid.”
Amelia waited for him to continue, watching his jaw clench as he stared out at the tracks unfolding before them. He was silent for a lot longer than she thought was appropriate, so opened her mouth to ask what his plan was.
He cut her off, raising a hand and pointing ahead of them.
Amelia looked. She didn’t see what he was pointing at. There wasn’t anything out there, besides fields, and the odd ramshackle farmhouse. The sky was a pale, watered down blue of high summer, and it was hazy out, but other than that…
She continued to look, but didn’t see what he was still raising a pointed finger at. “What-” she began.
Sam did something to make the train slow slightly, the rhythmic sound of its wheels rolling on the tracks becoming more spaced out.
She stared at the haziness before them, and suddenly with a shock that made her gasp and take a step backward, realized it wasn’t a hazy sky in front of them at all, but a light coloured wall of some sort that stretched across the horizon for as far as they could see in either direction.

Chapter 5 – It is Written
Sam brought the train to a crawl as the wall grew steadily closer.
Amelia couldn’t do anything else but stare. The wall inched closer, almost glaringly bright. It seemed to be made of smooth stone, maybe marble.
Sam brought the train to a halt with the squealing of metal tires against tracks. It stopped a few metres in front of the wall.
Amelia felt Jessica’s presence like a ghost standing behind her. Since the accident, Amelia had become more sensitive to her personal space. And, she reasoned, it was probably also due to the existence of the infected people. If you weren’t aware of your surroundings, you didn’t last very long anymore.
The three of them stood, silent, collectively holding their breath. After what seemed like an eternity, Sam broke the silence. “Well, we better take a look.”
Jessica nodded in agreement and followed Sam out the nearest door, jumping down to the gravel that flanked both sides of the tracks, skidding to a stop.
Amelia clutched the door frame, nervous, not wanting to leave the relative safety of the train, even though she couldn’t see any wolves anywhere nearby. She watched Jessica march confidently along the wall, close enough to touch it, holding her rifle across her body defensively.
Amelia sighed and gingerly climbed down out of the train. She was glad she wore her trusty boots with the thick, heavy sole.
She glanced at Jessica who was already a good few yards away. She could hear the rustle of the long, dry grasses parting as Jessica and Sam moved through them. She decided to go to Sam. Jessica could take care of herself, she’d proven as much.
Amelia ran to catch up to Sam, her bag swinging across her back like a metronome. “Sam!” she called out as she neared him. She saw he had removed his long-bladed hunting knife from its sheath that he always wore around his left thigh.
Sam slowed, allowing her to catch up, but didn’t turn around.
“What are you doing?” Amelia asked keeping pace with him.
“What do you think?” Sam answered, a bit harshly. “Finding a way through.”
Amelia didn’t know what to say to that, so stayed quiet.
They walked in silence a moment, until the silence was broken by Jessica. She was yelling something.
They stopped and turned. Amelia gripped her running foot which she was still holding, more tightly as she saw the fear on Jessica’s face. “Where are they?” she said, looking around them. She didn’t see anything or anyone nearby.
Jessica was sprinting, the action made Amelia’s heart race. There was only one thing that made you run: wolves.
Amelia glanced around her again, and again all that met her gaze was miles of brown dry grasses. “What is it?” she asked, panic in her own voice as Jessica reached them. She raised her prosthetic defensively.
“Haven’t you seen it?” Jessica said, her voice rising, stricken.
“Seen what?” Amelia and Sam echoed.
“Look!” Jessica said, pointing at the wall. Amelia saw a smudge of red on the wall, and further down made out black, standing out starkly against the pale stone. She took a step away from the wall to get a better look. It looked like words.
Another step, and then another, and another. And then…
She felt the blood drain from her face and her knees went weak. She had to put her running leg into the ground to lean on for support or she would have collapsed.
She looked down the wall in the direction Jessica had come from and could just barely make the message scrawled across it. Turn Back! It read. And: Behind The Wall has fallen.
Fallen. Over run by infected. Amelia read the message in front of her in, what she hoped was red paint. Do Not Enter. This land behind this wall is forsaken. The wall stretched across the dry land as far as any of them could see, cutting the continent in two.
Sam and Jessica joined her. They could see writing all down the wall, most of it mostly faded away with just a few letters here and there and the odd whole word.
“Are we all that-” Jessica began.
“No!” Amelia shouted, knowing exactly what she was going to say. She hated that phrase. They looked at her, shocked by the outburst. “No,” she repeated, this time more softly. “We can’t be. We can’t think like that. We can’t be all that remain.” She shook her head hard, as if trying to convince herself. “We just can’t.”

Chapter 6 To Rise Again
She began pushing her way through the tall grass, walking parallel to the wall. She opened her back and took out a prosthetic with a long, blade that curved like a scythe that could be folded up on itself for safe storage.
This time it was Jessica and Sam who ran to catch up to her.
“What are you doing?” Jessica asked, her voice uneven with worry.
“Where are you going?” Sam asked, clutching his knife at his side, and removing a pistol that sat at his hip.
“We can’t be it,” Amelia said, her voice hard, determined. “We have to keep going.”
“But-,” Jessica began, jogging awkwardly holding the rifle in front of her. “The wall-” She stopped at Amelia’s look.
“Haven’t you ever heard you can’t believe everything you read?” Amelia said, realizing her voice was becoming scarily high-pitched. She ignored it. “We can’t give up.”
She stopped suddenly and Jessica and Sam almost walked into her. She stuck her leg out, the plastic bottom of the missing part of her limb glinting in the sun. “I didn’t give up,” she said. She could feel her throat start to tighten as tears threatened behind her eyes. She couldn’t cry. That wouldn’t be much of a rallying speech, she thought. “After the accident.”
She saw Sam and Jessica look away, uncomfortable. Amelia wasn’t going to go into what happened to her. She hadn’t when she’d met each of them, because they never asked. She was just looked at as the warrior girl that was part human part Werewolf-slaying weapon.
She swallowed and blinked back tears that tried to escape. “I didn’t give up. And we haven’t given up, all this time. Even when the whole world was…” She tried to think of the right word. Destroyed? Ruined? Damaged? Those were words she could use to describe herself, she thought with a suddenness that tightened her chest sharply. But instead she said the word that she had always thought now described the new her. Changed. “The whole world was changed by the virus.” She continued. “But we’re still here. We can’t let a wall stop us, make us throw the towel in and just give up.”
She looked at Sam, trying not to make it seem like she was glaring at him, then turned to Jessica. She hoped it was an encouraging look and followed it up with a small smile.
They gave her weak smiles in return, and in silence they continued, walking until the setting sun began to turn the sky a dusky purple.
The wall continued, seemingly never-ending, but Amelia Brown never gave up, and plowed onwards, flanked by two people who had been strangers, but were now the only people in the world she had left that she could call friends.

How You See The World
a young man realizes that fantasy really is reality

Chapter 1 - The Unseen 
He had walked past the place a million times and had never noticed it before. He pulled his thick wool coat tighter around himself, turning the collar up over his ears as another strong autumn wind blew past. His coat was black, and the low grey clouds made his white-blond hair seem even whiter than normal.
He guessed he had just never walked as close to the wall of the ruined Abbey before as he did today, pressing himself almost up against the wall to escape the cold air. Mounds of sodden old leaves had piled themselves up against the wall from the harsh winds at this time of year. He bent his head low and kicked the piles of leaves absentmindedly, as a distraction from his thoughts. Ever since his father had sat him down the night before and told him, over large, seemingly never-ending cups of coffee that he was a direct descendant of a powerful mage – a magician and warrior – his mind had been reeling.
‘That’s just fantasy!’ Jared nearly shouted at his father, spilling some of his drink. ‘Have you had too much to drink again?’ he said pushing his chair away from the table and moving to stand in front of the fireplace, letting the warmth take the chill out of him from sitting next to the large kitchen windows that seemed to let in a draft no matter what the time of year. The pale yellow flames of the gas fireplace flickered lazily above the fake logs. ‘There’s no such thing as magic and wizards! You’ve been watching too much Harry Potter or something. I’m not a kid anymore, Dad. I’m almost twenty. Maybe when I was little I liked to read about wizards and big heroes with swords, but not now.’
His father looked at him, his large blue eyes were hard and cold and filled with some emotion that Jared couldn’t read. ‘The dreams,’ he said simply.
‘What? What are you talking about?’
‘Have you been having the dreams?’ his father repeated rising from his chair.
‘What-‘
‘You know what I’m talking about. The girl. The woman in black. Sometimes she’s wearing a cloak. A bright red hooded cloak.’
‘What, now you’re talking about Little Red Riding Hood?’ yelled Jared moving back around the table putting more distance between the two of them. ‘What have you put in your coffee?’
‘Calm down. You’re being irrational. Think,’ said the older man. ‘You’ve dreamt about her. I know you have. I did, when I was about your age. That’s when my father first told me about our gift. That’s when we first start coming into it. Realizing who we are. Remembering who we are, who our ancestors were.’
Jared shook his head, his white blond hair falling across his eyes. ‘No,’ he said quietly, disbelieving. But as he said it the woman with long blond hair and long black dress fluttering in the breeze rose up in his mind. He closed his eyes, as if doing so would erase her from his mind, but instead she became more real, more solid and he could remember her from his dreams. He could see her, standing on the bare jagged rock jutting from the ocean, holding a sword, etched with strange symbols as it glinted in the setting sun. The woman looked straight at him. As if he were standing on the shore and she was cut off by the choppy waters on her cold stone island.
‘Who is she?’ Jared asked, slowly lowering himself back into one of the chairs at the dining room table.
‘She’s a wisp,’ his father said, taking his seat again and pouring some fresh coffee into his mug.
Jared didn’t know what to say, and could only think of one thing to say, even though it sounded ridiculous, he said it anyway. ‘What’s a wisp?’
His father sighed long and loud. ‘A will ‘o the wisp.’
‘But aren’t those those light things? Those things that people are supposed to see in swamps and stuff?’
‘Yes. That’s what she is. That’s her natural form. But she can take human form, when she needs to tell us something. To warn us. She’s a protector, of sorts. You remember the tales about the wisps? The stories I used to tell you as a child?’ his father asked, looking across the table at this son, and clutching his mug tightly.
‘Yes,’ said Jared simply.
‘So, you remember that will ‘o wisps lead people away, get them lost and confused,’ his father continued taking a long slow sip of his drink.
‘Yes. The people who are foolish enough to follow a will ‘o the wisp end up disappearing and never being found again.’
‘Foolish is right. That’s another name for them, the foolish fire. That’s how they help us. They can distract our enemies. Lead them away, get them turned around so they can’t find their way back.’
‘I can’t believe I’m having this conversation,’ said Jared draining his cup and standing up. ‘This is ridiculous. I’m going to bed,’ he said pushing himself away from the table and turning to go upstairs to his room.
His father shrugged. ‘Suit yourself. But when you see her tonight, say hi to her for me. I haven’t seen her in years. They disappear when you no longer need them. When the next generation are ready to take over and protect others, continue the fight. And that’s you,’ his father said.
But Jared was already halfway up the stairs, trying to block out the nonsense his father was spouting. He closed the door to his room, threw his clothes in a jumbled heap on the chair next to his computer desk and crawled into bed, pulling the duvet up around him like a cocoon.

Chapter 2 – Swords & Sorcery
The cold watery light of an early October morning filtered through the thin curtains of his bedroom. In the reality of a new, fresh morning the conversation he had with his father seemed far away, indistinct and unreal. ‘Ridiculous,’ he said slipping out of the warmth of his covers and stepping onto the cool hardwood floor.
He managed not to think of their conversation again, and the dreams of the night before until he found himself walking alongside the crumbling wall of the Abbey, the one corner of which remained standing-the rest was just hunks of granite covered in weeds and moss.
And that was when he saw it. At first he thought it was a piece of broken glass that was catching the sun, but when his foot kicked up the leaves his foot struck something hard. And big.
He knew he would be late for work if he stopped, but something under the red brown mass made him stop. It was silver, with grooves and notches. He crouched down and brushed the leaves away, revealing a long slim sword, etched deeply with strange swirling symbols. He ran his fingers tentatively down the blade until his hand hit the hilt – which was dark, heavy iron.
The coffee shop could wait. He glanced down the street and over his shoulder. The sidewalks were empty, most people choosing the warmth of their cars and driving to work. He picked up the sword as quickly as he dared, unbuttoning his coat, thankful that it was long and reached his ankles. He carefully put it underneath his coat and held it tightly against his side with his arm, ignoring the chill that ran through him when the cold metal pressed against his thin work clothes before turning on his heel and heading back in the direction he had just come.
‘What the hell is this!’ he said, almost flinging the sword onto the island in the middle of the large kitchen.
‘Ah, so you believe me,’ said his father, shuffling slowly into the room still wearing his housecoat and slippers.
‘What do you mean I believe you?’ asked Jared incredulously.
His father didn’t answer but instead moved towards the fireplace and felt along the wall next to the left side of the stone hearth. ‘It’s here somewhere,’ his father mumbled, his knotted, arthritic fingers prying at the seams between the wooden panels of the wall. ‘Ah! Here it is,’ he said triumphantly, and one of the pieces of wood slid aside and his father reached into the dark recess in the wall. His father withdrew a long slim sword, almost identical to the one that was currently lying on the kitchen counter.
‘It comes to you when you believe,’ his father raised the sword in the air. It wavered slightly in his hand. ‘I’m afraid I’m not as strong as I used to be,’ he said embarrassed, lowering it. ‘You might not think you believe what I’ve told you, but deep down you do. You believe in magic. You believe in your ancestry.’
‘I believe in floating balls of light that protect me?’ said Jared sarcastically.
‘Yes,’ his father said with a chuckle. ‘You might not think so, but it’s why the sword has revealed itself to you now. Because you are a mage, and a warrior.’
‘If I’m a mage, a wizard, as you say, then why do I need a stupid sword?’
‘Wizard’s in children’s fairytales have staffs, giant walking sticks. In reality, we have swords. They’re a lot more practical. Useful,’ his father said placing his sword carefully back within its slot in the wall.
‘Well why don’t you use yours? And what do we need to use them against?’
‘When the next in line comes of age, that’s you,’ the older man said, gesturing limply with a shaking hand, ‘we lose the ability to use it effectively. I’ve known that you were ready to learn who you are for a while now. Since I haven’t been able to barely lift the sword, let alone use it to any effect.’
Jared walked back to where the sword lay on the fake granite countertop and lifted it up, balancing it deftly in his hand. ‘It feels as light as a feather,’ he whispered. He swung his arm and was amazed that the sword sliced effortlessly through the air, as if some master swordsman was wielding it, not himself.
His father followed him slowly into the kitchen, running his hand lovingly along the hilt and blade of Jared’s sword. ‘And you want to know who we use them against?’
Jared nodded, holding his breath, wondering what his father would say next.
‘We use them against the evil of the world,’ his father said. ‘With the help of magic, which we all have inside of ourselves, and with the help of our wisps, we rid the world of evil – the parasites on this world who drain the goodness from the planet and from everyone living on it. The world is full of it. You just have to learn how to see the world, how to see what’s really there.’
Jared opened his mouth to speak but his father raised a hand to interrupt. ‘And it's not just us who has magic within, not just mages, but everyone. Everyone has magic, energy, within them. It’s just that regular people don’t know how to use it, or access it. Or even know that it’s there.’
‘Okay, so we’re taking like serial killers and things like that? Are we like vigilante police men?’
His father laughed loudly. ‘Serial killers and criminals are the evil, but their criminality is just a cover for who they really are.’
‘Who they really are?’ Jared said, confusion creeping into his voice.
‘They are beings of the otherworld.’
‘Otherworld?’ Jared said, lowering his voice to a whisper, not liking where the conversation was going.
‘They usually stay underground, but every so often, they come into public light as the evil in our society. Vampires, fairies, mermaids.’
‘Wait a second,’ said Jared, this time raising a hand to stop his father. ‘I get that vampires are evil, and that they could be responsible for murder and evil, but fairies? Mermaids? Aren’t they friendly? Like unicorns? All rainbows and glitter that little girls grow up pretending to be?’
His father shook his head vehemently, his thinning silver hair waving wildly ‘Oh no. Fairies are vicious little creatures, with horrible sharp teeth. They really like to bite. And there are some that are venomous.’
Jared shook his head in disbelief. ‘And mermaids?’
‘Think of all the ships you’ve heard or read about that sink. Or the ghost ships of legend. What caused them?’
‘I guess you’re not going to just say storms.’
His father shook his head and laughed again. ‘You’re right. It’s mermaids. Ninety nine percent of the time it’s mermaids who sink ships. They like playing cruel tricks on them. They like to cause suffering and disaster, and for no real reason other than they can. It helps them pass the time. Mermaids live extremely long lives.’
‘And it’s our job to find these creatures and-’ Jared began.
His father finished his thought, ‘and rid the world of them. To help the rest of mankind.’
‘How many of us are there?’
‘I’m not sure exactly. But not many. There’s not many of us left anymore. We’re not immortal, and we’ve had to be around for millennia.’
‘And what about Mom?’ asked Jared, suddenly, picturing the woman he only knew in photographs- a young woman with dark hair and dark eyes, totally opposite from Jared’s pale hair and bright blue eyes. ‘Did she know about any of this?’
He saw his father's eyes darken at the question, as he collapsed heavily into a chair and mumbled something.
‘What?’ asked Jared, leaning in closer to hear.
‘Yes,’ his father said, slowly, as if the words were painful to speak. ‘Yes, she was one of them.’ His father looked up at him so quickly that Jared took a step back, away from the fury that blazed in his father’s eyes. ‘Which makes you half of them. Half evil,’ his father spat.
And before Jared knew what was happening his father stood before him, the sword he had uncovered by the abbey held tightly in his father’s hand, the tip pointed towards his chest, almost piercing his skin through his thin t-shirt. His father’s hand held it sure and solid, not weak and shaking as it was before.
‘What?’ Jared stuttered, taken aback. He took a step backward and stumbled over one of the chairs, banging heavily into the wooden post of the staircase. ‘What are you doing?’
‘The same thing I had to do to your mother. When I found out what she was,’ his father replied, his voice as cold as steel, as he started to advance.

Chapter 3 – Of Faeries and Foes
Jared yelped and jumped back, bumping into the stove with a clang. ‘What…?’ Jared stuttered again, perplexed by his father’s suddenly uncharacteristic actions.
His father swung the sword down, slicing the air with a wooshing sound as if the air itself was being parted. There was a smell like burning metal, with a tangy bitterness in the air.
Jared freed himself from the cooker and shifted sideways heading back into the openness of the dining room and putting the large dark wood table between him and his father.
‘What do you mean I’m one of them?’ Jared said, his breath coming in short bursts with shock and exertion.
‘You’re part of your mother, so you’re half faerie,’ his father snarled, lip curling as he spat the words.
‘Half-’ Jared said, stunned. He twisted himself, craning to look behind him, half-expecting to see gossamer wings jutting from his shoulder blades. There was nothing.
He heard his father laugh, a sharp, grating sound. ‘You don’t have any wings,’ he said. ‘You’re a half-breed. Your mother had them though, but she didn’t always show them. Obviously,’ he sneered, shaking his head. ‘She hid the fact she was a faerie. And she used her faerie magic to make me fall in love with her,’ he said, his voice turning dark and heavy. His father took another step closer, holding the sword close to his body, his arm raised so that he had a strong grip on the weapon.
Jared looked around the room, frantically. Half-faerie against...he tried to think of the word for his father. Killer, his mind settled on once it had found the word hiding in the back of his mind. Faerie-killer. He opened his mouth, but nothing came out. He closed it again. He tried to wrap his head around what his father had said, but he was struggling. Had he said his father had killed his mother? Just for being a faerie?
He stared down the length of cold steel pointed in his direction and swiftly came to the right conclusion. That a man wielding a sword at his own son, who had said they had killed their own wife, and your mother, most likely was telling the truth. And, Jared realized with a sudden horror that caused a shiver to run through his entire body, he was next. Just for being who he was, and not doing anything to anyone! He was just Jared Allbright. No more, no less. Well, unless you counted being half-faerie, then apparently he was more than just Jared Allbright. But he didn’t know that until five seconds ago, so really, it didn’t count.
He couldn’t find anything to protect himself. This was just his house, a regular house that he had grown up in. With the man in front of him, who was at this moment wanting to kill him. There was nothing but the plate that was still on the table from when he had hurriedly eaten breakfast and not bothered to put his dish in the sink. He grabbed it anyway and held it in front of him, a weak excuse for a shield.
His father laughed again, hard and cold, with a little lilt that turned up at the end, as if the laugh was saying, ‘I got you now, a plate is no match for a sword!’
Jared felt heat rush into his cheeks with embarrassment How ridiculous is this, he thought, as he took a step backwards, towards the alcove that led to the front door. Holding a plate against a sword.
But then he felt something vibrate. It was the plate. No, it was Jared’s hands that were making the plate hum and shake, first almost unnoticeable, and then the sound rose to an ear-piercing squeal.
His father, still in his bathrobe and slippers, lowered his sword ever so slightly. ‘What?’ he began, confusion flicker across his face.
Jared could feel his hands getting hotter, and felt the plate thrum under his fingers. He held it away from his body as far as his arms could put it, and at the last second, he had the presence of mind to let go of it.
He threw it in the air and then turned away, hunkering down into a crouch. He heard the plate explode with a boom of shattering porcelain, and felt the shards raining down. He ran awkwardly, still in his crouch, toward the door.
His father screamed as pieces of sharp jagged plate fell down and tore his skin, jabbing like needles and teeth. Jared turned only after he was in the relative safety of the small foyer at the front door, where people came and put their shoes and hung up their jackets when they came to visit, and watched the scene with a strangely cool detachment, as if all of this were happening to someone else and somewhere else, not to Jared Allbright, in his own house, and to the man that Jared had called father his entire life.
Jared’s hand’s tingled and burned. He looked down at them. They seemed to crackle, fizz and pop with a blue-ish luminescence from inside him. He’d never felt or seen anything like it before.
A loud noise made him look up sharply, forgetting his hands for a moment. His father was staggering towards him like a drunkard, lumbering and throwing himself forward with sheer will.
His was bleeding from scratches and cuts on his face, and large pieces of plate stuck out of the material of his dressing gown. He roared at Jared, a primal, animal sound of pure anger, all humanity gone.
Jared was surprised to see his father still held the sword, and he swung it at him as if wanting to chop the space between them up into small tiny pieces.
Jared’s hand’s burned uncomfortably, and instinctively he raised them in front of his face, as if he were about to enter an old-fashioned duel in a Victorian gambling house.
There was a loud crack, a brilliant flash of pure white light that seared Jared’s eyes, and though he had squeezed them tightly shut, the light flashed so bright that he could see the insides of his eyelids bright red. He stood, his heart pounding loudly in his chest and his pulse thudding in his ears, waiting for the inevitable, for his father to reach him, and close the gap between them.
He shivered suddenly, something that struck him as odd, and felt a cold autumn breeze blow against him. It was only then that he opened his eyes.

Chapter 4 – How You See The World
He was no longer standing in his house, as there was no house to stand in. There was nothing. Not even ruins of a house. The house was gone. His father was gone. He was standing where his house had been, but instead only grass and weeds and uneven rocky ground filled the space. To his left, his neighbours, the Omstead’s, house sat as it always had, looking pristine with its modern old-fashioned visage. To his right was Ms. Sally Herald’s place, looking strangely smaller than it did before without having the Allbright house to keep company beside it.
He turned around. The rest of his street was there, just as it always had. It was just his house, somehow, that had disappeared.
Had it ever been there in the first place? The strange thought came out of nowhere.
He was glad he was still wearing his warm wool coat against the chill and once again pulled the collar up to cover his neck. He heard someone shout his name and looked in the direction of it. He spied a woman walking briskly towards him. ‘Jared!’ she said again, getting closer. She waved a gloved hand, that was the same colour as her coat – a vivid red. She stood out like a blood stain against the dreariness of the autumn all around that leeched the colour out of everything.
By the time she reached him, Jared realized it wasn’t a coat she was wearing, but a cloak. His dad had said something about someone wearing a red cloak…and he had joked that it was Little Red Riding Hood. What was it he had said? Jared tried to think quickly, but the woman reached him before the answer had come.
Her pale skin was flushed pink at the cheeks with the cold of the day, and her breath came out in little puffs of condensation. She smiled at him with friendly eyes that were such a pale blue they were almost clear from underneath the hood of her blood-red cloak that covered hair that seemed to be white.
‘Jared!’ she said again, with an anxiousness that Jared found slightly unsettling. ‘You’re safe!’
Jared didn’t know what else to do except nod, which he did. He stared at the woman who stared back at him for a long moment, neither saying anything until Jared found some words.
‘So.’ He said this awkwardly, uncomfortable, as if not sure how to bring up what he was going to say next. ‘You’re a wisp?’ he said uncertainly, as if he were accusing her of the most ridiculous thing.
She smiled up at him. ‘So. You’re a half faerie?’ she replied with a grin.
Jared smiled back shyly and shrugged. ‘I guess I am.’ He looked towards the square of land where his house used to be, but where now it seemed like there had never been any house there, ever.
‘What happened to my house? To my dad?’ he asked, slowly, as if taking longer to say what he was saying would delay the answer he didn’t really want to hear.
‘You destroyed it, and him.’ She saw his face crumble and continued hurridly. ‘You sent him and everything to the Otherworld. You banished them to the world of faerie, to the world that the rest of us call home.’
Jared nodded absently, a faraway look in his eyes as he tried to imagine what the Otherworld was like, and failing. ‘But isn’t that dangerous? Can he come back?’ Jared asked, and then added, ‘won’t he kill everything there? That’s his job, that’s what he said we were, what I am.’
The wisp smiled and shook her head reassuringly. ‘He won’t be a danger to you anymore. Nor to the creatures of the Otherworld. He will get what is due to him.’ She saw the look of shock on Jared’s face and added, ‘fairly. Us otherworlders are fair if nothing else. Well…’ she trailed off, ‘fair to an extent anyway.’
Before Jared could answer she grabbed him by the arm and pulled him along. ‘Come,’ she said, moving at a brisk pace once more.
‘Where are you taking me?’ Jared asked, suddenly confused once more. She was pulling him up the street in the direction she had come from.
‘I’m going to teach you how to see the world,’ she replied simply.
As they rushed along the street, which had been quiet in the early morning, life had begun to flow into it as the sun rose higher in the sky, melting away the frost on roof tops. Jared passed by people who were out doing their daily errands, getting coffee, waiting for the bus to get to work, commuting on bikes, walking dogs. Most of them seemed normal, dressed like Jared himself, wrapped up tightly in thick coats and scarves, but some were …strange. It was the only way Jared could think of it. They had a glow about them. Some were different colours, blues, or purples, some brighter with pinks and oranges. The wisp pulled him past one woman who, at her back, the air shimmered and moved and blurred.
‘What-?’ Jared started, beginning to point. The woman in the cloak pushed his hand down and whispered in his ear. ‘She’s a faerie,’ she said. ‘You’re seeing a movement of the air, aren’t you? Like heat moving in the air?’ She asked. Jared nodded, and the wisp nodded again in understanding. ‘What you’re seeing, kind of, is her wings. They’re invisible to everyone, but not to people like us, to other Otherworlders. We can pick each other out of crowds like dogs with a scent.
Jared felt his eyes grow wider as they moved through the streets, and all the people he could see surrounded by auras of colour – some bright, some muted. There were so many. It was almost overwhelming.
‘How come I couldn’t see any of this before?’ he asked, as the wisp pulled him up a small side street.
‘Because your eyes hadn’t been opened yet, and now that they are, you can see the world how it really is. With all of us.’ She stopped at a small, nondescript narrow door in an impossibly narrow building, took a key out of her cloak and opened it, pushing Jared in first and following behind. ‘Up the stairs,’ she ordered. He did as he was told. He climbed a spiral staircase upwards, twisting round and round, getting narrower and narrower so that he had to move sideways awkwardly, like a crab, as he got to the top.
It felt like forever, but he eventually got to the top. He stood on a small, round platform, barely big enough for just him, let alone the woman in the billowing red cloak, but somehow she managed to fit in beside him, as if she barely took up any space.
He looked down at her, for he was a few heads taller, and asked. ‘What are we doing here?’
She said nothing but simply reached forward and opened a pair of tall arched shutters that were in front of them, and pushed them outwards, allowing the cold, cool sunlight to flood in.
Jared gasped. He was far above the city, looking down on it from higher than he could have ever imagined. He didn’t remember ever seeing any sort of tall tower in the city before. They were almost at the same level as the clouds themselves, Jared noticed glancing upwards out the window, with the clouds hovering dangerously close, and causing a damp chilly wind to reach its way into where they were.
He looked down again, and his breath caught in his throat. The city was like a patchwork quilt of different colours. Hundreds, thousands of people, all like him, or, similar he reminded himself, since he was half-human too, moving around far below them. It was like christmas lights in a mist, a living patchwork quilt, moving and pulsing, brilliant and barely visible and and everything in between.
‘So this is how you see the world?’ Jared asked turning to face her, his voice hushed, filled with awe.
The wisp’s hood had fallen from her head around her shoulders, exposing hair so pale blond it was almost bone-white. ‘This is how we see the world,’ she said with a smile, and taking his hand in hers. ‘And I will show you how it works.’


The ArcHive 
Martin Knightsbridge lives underground in a city that is segregated depending on what part of ‘The Tree’ you were born. Born in The Roots, he has never been to ‘The Branches’. Where there’s a will...
Chapter 1 – Just a Feeling
Armistice Wells knew he was going to die today. He just had that feeling. His hand shook as he wrote the second, and final, note that he wrapped around the energy gun he always kept on him now, more for peace of mind than anything. His fingers shook as he tied the piece of string to secure the note onto his gun.
He sighed and strapped the gun securely into his harness, making sure not to accidentally hit any of the cables that kept his wings currently folded neatly on his back. He had always wanted to be a flier, and he was lucky, because his father had been one, and that’s how it worked. It ran in your family. He didn’t know of anyone who was a flier who didn’t love it. Armistice knew he would be unhappy in any other job. Flying was the one thing that made sense when you were on the top of the world – or at least the top of your world, where you lived, the only one that mattered. From the top, on a clear day you could see for miles in all directions across the United American Empire. When he was younger, he used to love to sit within the barriers, right up against the guard rail that protected you from the sheer drop, six tall levels, with the seventh hidden underground, and watch the airships glide by in the distance like swollen cocoons. He loved to watch them dock at the piers, one on each of the four sides of the city, and watch them unload their goods, like the sailors he read about. From the top of the city, he could just see a sliver of silver on the horizon that indicated the ocean.
But now, fifty years later, the airships had lost their appeal; they were nothing special, just an everyday occurrence. But flying never had. He loved the adrenaline rush of taking a running leap off the edge into nothingness, and letting the wings open up and out lifting you, with steam powered assistance if necessary, and then drifting downwards, to deliver your messages to the people below, in the Middle.
Armistice had loved his life, and his job, until he was snatched away from it all, like a butterfly caught in a net. He had believed once you were a flier, you were one forever. But the Elders at the ArcHive had different ideas. They said there were too many messengers, and that keeping the ArcHive going was more important, that it was above all else.
Armistice had seen the ArcHive buildings, of course. They dominated the middle of the topmost level of the city, where he lived. They were just like their name sake – a cluster of domes, like the hive of an insect, but inside was housed the history of the Empire. Not just the general histories – the wars, the Emperors, the Coalition, but the histories of every single living, breathing person, as they lived, their lives were recorded. Years ago it had been noted down in books by automatons, who would never tire, never cramp, never complain, and could download the information that was streamed from the tiny chips embedded in every person, the moment they were born, that recorded their lives, their experiences, as they lived. But the ArcHive quickly began to fill up with large, paper volumes. But then the Computing Machines were invented and information was transferred almost magically onto them, and whole volumes were saved onto paper thin discs that were shelved next to the ancient leather-bound books.
Armistice had just about begun his run towards the edge of the building that didn’t have a barrier, the jumping off point for winged messengers, when a hand landed on his shoulder. He turned and looked into the hooded face of a robed Elder. He recognized him as being from the ArcHive. “We need your help,” the man said somberly, managing somehow to turn Armistice away from his running path.
“Why me?” Armistice said, confusion creasing his features. His wings were still lowered across his back. He only had to press a single button to eject them outwards.
“The Fate of the Empire lies in our hands, and we need help to keep it going. If we do not have a history, we do not have a nation, we do not have anything.”
“But-” Armistice’s wings rustled in a slight breeze.
The robed figured interrupted him. “The Master Elder has instructed me to bring you to us. You need to help us maintain the records. Maintain the scribe-bots, and keep them functioning, ensure records are filed correctly.”
“But I’m not a New Alchemist! I don’t know how to fix anything!” He lied. He did know how to fix one thing – his wings. But he was taught how to do that by his Father, as he was by his. His wings were literally and figuratively his life. He had to make sure they were in perfect condition. To neglect them meant death.
“We will show you how to fix the bots when they break, how to file the records in their places. We will show you everything you need to know.” The man in the white Monk’s robe said. “Look,” the Elder said, pointing to one of Armistice’s colleagues who had positioned himself at the end of the launch lane, and started pumping his legs like pistons, and at the last moment, loosed his wings which arced upwards gracefully just as his feet left the edge of the top. “You see? There are too many of you.” Beyond the man that had just become airborne, Armistice could see other winged men in white flying, floating and fluttering in the sky – and this was just on the one side of the city – there were three others.
Shoulders slumped, and head drooping, looking everything like an Angel being ejected from Heaven, Armistice Wells was forced into serving the ArcHive.
He shook his head, as he walked along the barrier fence, his fingers rising and falling up and down the wrought iron spikes that topped each post. He looked longingly out over the edge of his world, at his old life, as he did every morning on his way to the ArcHive. He couldn’t believe it had been five years. Five long years. Five years of trying to escape. Doing little things, controversial things, to show the Elders he was unnecessary, that he could be released from their net back into his old life. He could feel their eyes on him as he walked up and down the rows of shelves that filled the honeycomb rooms, and when he called a scribe bot over to him, to inspect it, after observing its behaviour or its work. He could hear the whispers of the Elders behind his back, and could see them shaking their hooded heads out of the corner of his eyes as they pointed at the wings he still wore every day despite not being able to fly to deliver necessities to the lower levels of the city.
Armistice had just reached the last post before the flying gap when a hand fell heavy on his shoulder. He didn’t turn to see who it was. He already knew.
“You disobey us,” the soft, unthreatening voice said. “In small ways, you shirk your duties; you flaunt your supposed superiority. You still do not understand the importance of what you do, of what we are all doing. Without it-”
“Without it we are nothing.” Armistice finished the sentence. “Yes, I know, so you keep saying.” He could see how important they thought they were, with the whitewashed honeycomb building taking up a huge piece of real-estate in the finite space that the enclosed tower city had.
There was silence. It dragged on so long that Armistice turned to look at the Elder who had been speaking with him, a question on his lips.
Suddenly he was flying again, but not of his own volition. The wind whipped past him, cold and biting. The surprise of this change of circumstance delayed his reaction. He hadn’t prepared himself. His hands fumbled for the button to release his wings. The rush of the wind past him as he fell brought tears to his eyes. He smiled widely. Armistice had had a feeling in his bones.

Chapter 2 – Life in the Darkness
He had seen his fair share of dead bodies, living in The Roots it was inevitable, but Martin Knightsbridge had never seen one that had fallen from the sky with wings sprouting from its back. To be honest, he hadn’t seen this one. Fall that is; but he saw it after, because it took his entire audience’s hard-earned attention away in an instant and the crowd that had gathered around him suddenly moved en masse to crowd around the crumpled body that lay outside one of the arched entrances to their part of The Tree.
He heard hushed voices “It’s from the Branches,” he heard someone whisper. “Look at how it’s dressed,” said another, prodding the clean white trousers of the unfortunate soul with a grubby shoe. The man was wearing entirely white from head to toe – white short cut jacket, over a shiny white waist coat overtop of a white button-down shirt that was tucked into white trousers, now with a dark smudge on one of his shoes from the intrusion of a dirty Roots shoe.
“Those Upper people are ridiculous with their fads,” said a third, a man, Martin noticed, who was covered in brightly coloured tattoos. A middling, he thought, shaking his head and smiling at the hypocrisy of the stranger’s statement. He had heard rumours that people from The Trunk liked bright, garish things, supposedly as a way to distance themselves from people like him; people that lived underneath. Those in the middle levels were unlike everyone below in the Roots who favoured more subdued...everything – clothes, personalities, jobs. Martin briefly wondered what someone from The Trunk was doing down here in the below, but then noticed the bag slung sideways across his chest and hanging at his side. Of course, that explained it. He was a messenger. As a messenger, the man with the jumble of tattoos on his arms underneath a vivid yellow top and bright red trousers and matching canary and crimson shoes was one of the only people allowed to travel between the layers of The Tree.
Martin sighed and began packing up his stall, removing the banner that hung above him proclaiming that he was the one and only Marius the Magician. There was no way to get people interested in his magic now, not now with this new visitor to their part of the city. People would be talking about now for at least a few days. Through gaps in the crowd, Martin could see people inspecting the person’s wings, tugging and pulling, and Martin was sure, the poor man would be lightened of any jewelry or valuables he may have had.
He rolled up the banner, folded up the small table down into a portable size, pocketed the kerchief that contained a paltry amount of coins, and was all set to ignore all the and walk right by the man who had elicited such interest, when something glinted, catching his eye.
Martin had never cared about the other levels. He was born in the Roots, and he knew that was where he had to stay. There was no way around it. That’s just how it was. The Golems were a pretty definitive answer to those who questioned their status. People like him were born into the Roots, the lowest level of Tree, and other people were luckier, those that were born in the Middle levels, affectionately called the Trunk. And if you were especially blessed, you’d be born in the top levels, what everyone down here often in bitter tones called the Branches. Sure, it would be nice to have a bit more money, but Martin couldn’t complain, not too much. He had already managed to move into a new abode in the Second Level. He was literally moving up in the world. It was far better than the lower level, the very bottom, where there was nothing much, including hope. At least in the second level, they had windows that let in actual daylight from the outside world, and not the sickly watery glow from fireflies trapped in glass. The top level of the Roots also had entrance gates to Outside of Tree altogether, which is where this sudden visitor had appeared and stolen his dinner money. And the money Martin earned here as a Magician would buy him more than watery stew and a stale, often moldy, chunk of bread. He was as happy as he’d ever remembered. Even though the law stated he could never move further than the second level; could never become a Middling, just as a Middling could never become one of the people who live in the top Branches, he was content.
People around the body had begun to thin as the curiosity and novelty began to wear off. In the distance Martin could hear the loud piercing whistles of the police, above the rattle of carriage wheels. Martin jumped at the noise as the sound of hooves became louder. He still hadn’t gotten used to the fact that people at this level travelled by carriage. Below, he’d spent his life walking everywhere, just like everyone else. It seemed each level had its perks and privileges.
Martin casually inched forward toward the victim, as if he was just taking a curious, morbid interest like the rest. It was an older man with a shock of white hair surrounding a bald spot, his head bent unnaturally to one side, underneath a jumble of polished brass and large thin feathers made of some kind of stiff material. He leaned down peering at the man’s clothes which had a strange shimmering quality. He’d never seen anything like it. Even on the second level, people wore earthy colours – browns, beiges, greys, greens.
He saw out of the corner of his eye the messenger was still hanging around, his red trousers and bright images inked on his skin were almost like a beacon. He stood out as a foreigner.
Another long whistle pierced the chatter of pedestrians on the street, and Martin knew he had to act fast. He leaned down as if admiring the sleeve of the man’s shirt, and quickly slipped the object he’d seen as people milled about the winged man up his sleeve. Being an illusionist came in handy sometimes, and glancing over his shoulder, Martin was confident no one had seen him take the thing that glittered at him like it was calling him.
“What’s happened here?” a gruff voice shouted loudly from above. 
“Oh!” Martin jumped and almost head butted the officer’s horse. “You startled me, Sir, Officer.”
The man peered down at him with small, dark eyes. “So I see,” he said. “Now,” he leaned to look around his horse, and lifted the visor of his hat slightly, “what do we have here? It looks like we have someone from above.” The officer turned to one of his companions. “Oooeee, look at those nice threads! Do you see that?”
The second officer nodded and then shook his head, clucking his tongue. “Look at those wings. Those Uppers and their crazy inventions. Obviously this one didn’t work too well.”
Martin nodded vigorously, feeling like an ant under a spyglass. “Well, sirs, I’ll get out of your way, I was just packing up my things,” he lifted the folded table draped with the purple banner up by way of explanation. “All my customers were distracted by this…gentleman paying us a visit.” Martin didn’t know if the man was actually a gentleman or not, but seeing how he was from above meant that he was rich, and that automatically made him a gentleman in Martin’s books.
The officer barely gave Martin a second glance, “yes, yes, go on,” he said, waving a dismissive hand in Martin’s general direction.
“Wait!” the second officer shouted, raising his energy gun and point it squarely at Martin. “He looks familiar.”
The officer in charge looked over his shoulder. “Does he?” his eyes barely registered Martin and took in his things. “Oh, he’s just one of those street mages,” he said, turning away again and looking instead at the victim.
Street mage! Martin bristled at the insult. He was more than just a common street mage, he was a full-fledged illusionist! But the second policeman’s energy gun popped and crackled with flickers of blue electricity, and Martin decided he valued his life more than his dignity.
Martin took the cue without another word and slipped away through the scattered crowd of on lookers. He realized he was holding his breath only when he stumbled upon one of the Golem guards, and tried to let out a startled scream, but his breath came out in a whoosh instead. He hated the Golems, even though they had never done anything to him. They gave him shivers each time, so he avoided looking at them if he could, especially in the dark holes of their eyes. They just looked so…unalive that he felt like he was looking at the dead encased in metal.
The metal Golem turned to stare at him, holding its large energy gun across its chest. It stood stoically in front of one of the lifts that lead to the Middle two levels of the Tree. “How are y-,” he started, but swallowed the greeting. When he got nervous, he started to ramble. And emotionless automatons holding weapons made him nervous. He was never sure if the person trapped inside was man or woman, not that it mattered. It would have been horrible for anyone to be voluntarily stuck inside a hunk of man-shaped metal, and moving around with the help of steam and levers. He also knew they rarely spoke through the perpetual grimace that the mouth grille gave them, so even if he spoke to them, they would just stare back at him through a tinted window where the person inside could look out clearly, but anyone looking back just saw unnerving darkness.
“Excuse me!” a voice piped up behind him. Martin jumped, his heart pounding in his chest. It was the delivery man, with his bright clothes and satchel across his body. Martin smiled at him nervously and stepped out of the way as the Messenger showed the Golem his credentials. Only then did the guard move out of the way of the lift door, the metal ratcheting noisily and the accordion gate closing with a rattle and clang behind him. The messenger flashed a smile, straight white teeth under a neatly trimmed moustache and waved his pass tauntingly in front of Martin before the lift took him up into the unknown and Martin was suddenly self-conscious of his own smile and closed his mouth over yellowed teeth.
Martin had never seen a real tree, having been born underground, and none of the people in the Roots were allowed to leave without penalty, but he’d seen pictures of trees in books, and he was pretty sure that the seven level city, that everyone called the Tree, did not resemble anything of the sort.
He shook his head, and continued on his way through the dim cobble stoned streets that were only slightly brighter punctuated by the odd street lamp than the bottom-most level. Only when he’d closed the door behind him did he open his palm to reveal the item he had hidden in his sleeve.
He fumbled for the dial on the gas lamp on the small table in the foyer to examine the thing that filled his palm. A scrap of paper was wrapped around it and tied with a piece of string. Martin tugged the string free and was about to throw the paper aside when he noticed black marks on the underside – writing – just three words. “It wasn’t me,” Martin read aloud. He shrugged and tossed the paper to the table, his attention drawn by the silver thing that glittered with a cold light. It was a gun with an energy coil spiraled around the muzzle. He flinched and almost dropped it. He’d never even held, let alone used, an energy gun. They were forbidden. Only certain people were allowed to carry them, mainly those in the military, but you rarely saw them down in the Roots, the Armies were all from the Upper Branches, or Golem guards. You had to be important to be protected by people with energy guns. Or if you weren’t important, you were more likely to be on the receiving end of a gun if you were caught disobeying the law or trying to leave your level.
“Get a hold of yourself,” he whispered under his breath. “You’re Marius the Magician for Emperor’s-sake!” Marius. It was who he became when he didn’t want to be plain, boring Martin. He was still wearing his outfit, after all, and the half mask he wore over his face so children wouldn’t pester him in the streets to do illusions when all he wanted to do was look for a new brooch to secure his cloak or get up early to get the best pick of vegetables at the daily market.
He held the gun away from him, willing his hands to stop shaking. He moved his finger over the button on the side of the handle, the trigger, and with a steadying breath, pressed it. He’d expected the buzz and flares of blue of live electricity to jump from the coils on the outside that charged the muzzle and allowed the gun to shoot streams of electricity, but there was nothing. He pressed the button again, harder this time. Still nothing.
As he cautiously shook the gun, he noticed the outline of a rectangle in the handle. He ran a thumb around and came across a raised tab that flicked open. He was expecting to get some idea of why the gun wasn’t functioning. Instead something fell out and clattered to the stone floor.
It was something else wrapped tightly within a piece of paper. This time he unfolded it carefully revealing a small silver key, and a larger message written on paper torn from a notebook.
The writing was small and cramped and messy.
My name is Armistice-
“Armistice! What kind of ridiculous name is that?” Martin wondered aloud shaking his head. It seemed the higher up in Tree you went, the stranger people became.
My name is Armistice Wells, and if you've found this then you must use this key to expose the lies and secrets that the government has kept from all of us. Kept all of us in the dark, in order to protect us they say. But in reality, they are hurting us, and soon we will start dying. They are stopping all airships, turning them away and not allowing them to dock, even to deliver supplies from other areas of the Empire. They say we need to become self-sufficient.
That we need to make our own food. I have a feeling they are trying to get rid of us, to shut down the top levels. We are unnecessary; we are wasting space, being too frivolous. It’s the middle and lower levels that run the city, not any of us in our nice clothes and our past times. We don’t need to do anything; we live off the rest of the Tree. We are disposable in their eyes. You will know this if you have found my first note. It is how they protect the ArcHive. At all costs, it must be protected, they say. It is the heart of everything. But they can’t see that how they are doing the opposite of protecting, and instead harming people. If they see that people are doing the wrong things, what they,” this word was under lined darkly, “perceive to be the wrong thing, they interfere.”
Martin’s eyes skimmed the words hurriedly trying to absorb this strange message. The ArcHive?
He scanned the page again. Did he really just read what he thought he had? His eye fell on the word he was looking for. He hadn’t imagined it. “Airships?” he said with awe. “Airships are real?”
Martin had never really had any real ambition. Besides getting money to put food in his belly, that was. He had seen death too much and didn’t want to be one of the many that were literally swept off the street by street cleaners like so much rubbish. That was a goal enough for him.
But holding the silver key in his left hand, and Armistice Wells’ letter in the other, he realized there was something more than just doing illusions in the street for kids with nothing better to do than try and steal what few coins audience members felt charitable enough to throw into the ragged hat he placed on the ground in front of his makeshift stall.
I need to go to the Branches. On autopilot he made his way to the kitchen, turning on gas lamps here and there as he went. “But first thing’s first,” he said grabbing the kettle from the stove top and filling it, “a nice cup of tea.” He sat at the small square table that took up most of the space in the small kitchen while he waited for the kettle’s familiar, comforting whistle. “I need to find what this key belongs to.” Really, what he wanted to do was to see an airship. He’d read about them, just like he had of real trees, but had never been outside of the walled towering city. Curiosity burned inside him. He re-read the letter again, and twisted the key through his fingers like a baton. He had to find a way to get to the top. “I need to find out about this secret Armistice wrote about,” Martin said to his tea, his fingers tapping a nervous rhythm on the side of the mug. “Whatever it is, he died because of it.”
He gulped down his tea when it was a drinkable temperature, changed out of his Illusionist outfit and into something less remarkable and left in a rush for the one place he didn’t really want to go. The lift to the Middle. He nervously and awkwardly made an attempt to wave at the Golem staring at him, he assumed, and holding the energy by its side like it was simply a cane to support oneself, and not a highly charged weapon.
He didn’t have to wait long. Soon the lift descended, and in it was exactly what he was looking for: a Messenger.
The gate opened and the man, the same one as before, stepped out without acknowledging Martin’s existence.
The man strode past Martin without so much as a glance, and Martin lunged at him, grabbing a tattooed arm. “Excuse me,” he said, apologetically as the man threw a scowl at him. “I’m sorry, I was just curious, could I take a look at your…um, pass, uh, thing? I want to become a Messenger, and I’m just curious what sort of things they ask for on your credentials.” He tried to peek at the small booklet that the messenger showed the Golem, but the man snapped it shut hastily, as he took in Martin’s drab beige pants and brown tunic with a look of contempt. “You can’t,” he said simply. He gave Martin that look: the one that said we know you’re not from here, we know you’re not one of us. Martin remembered the stories his parents, and he was sure countless other parents told their children to scare them away from finding a way up to the Middle where they didn’t belong – it was a bad place, an alien place. And Martin was just fine where he was. He’d had no reason to want to leave the Roots. But the words of Armistice’s letter burned in his brain and under his skin.
“Why not?”
“Because,” the man said. Martin thought he would continue, but instead he continued walking, his delivery bag swinging slightly with each step.
“Dammit,” Martin muttered under his breath. Being normal Martin Knightsbridge wasn’t getting him anywhere. He needed to become Marius the Magician. He needed some magic. Or, if not strictly magic, a little something that would get him what he wanted.
He ran up to the man and tapped him twice on the shoulder, and then leaned down quickly towards the dark, often slippery cobbles. He popped back up quickly like a spring, causing the colourful man to jump. Martin held out a piece of paper, folded into a neat, tight square. “I think you dropped this,” he said, the square resting in his palm. He flexed his hand slightly and the square grew, and puffed out, until it was a small balloon, that hovered an inch or two above Martin’s hand.
This did the trick. The man leaned forward, dumbstruck. “That’s not-” he began, but then stopped, taking a step forward and leaning in to peer at the little paper balloon that bobbed gently. “How in the Empire-?” the man stated, reaching a hand out. Martin had worked his magic, and then worked some more. As the man was admiring his simple trick, Martin slipped his hand into the man’s trousers and withdrew his credentials, and silently placed it in his own pocket. “Oh, you mean this isn’t yours? Sorry, I thought I saw you drop it. Here, you can have it anyway.” Martin wrapped his fingers gently around the paper-balloon and gave it to the man. The man stared at the tight square of paper the balloon had become once more, and looked glum. “What happened?” The man looked like a pouting child.
Martin shrugged. “No idea. Sorry to bother you,” he gave a curt nod and resisted the urge to run. Only when the man had begun to walk away, still glancing distractedly at the paper, did Martin walk quickly in the opposite direction. He turned down a narrow alley and up an even narrower one, before stopping under a street lamp to look at his pilfered prize. It had a photo of the man’s face, his name, where he was from, and as a watermark behind it all, the Emperor of the United American Empire’s Seal – a purple lion rearing up on hind legs. Martin rubbed the paper between his fingers. “It shouldn’t be too hard to forge,” he said. “As long as you know the right people.” And being an illusionist, you got to meet a lot of different people, some right people, some wrong people, and most of the time people who you could ask for favours because they had asked him to perform at their child’s birthday, or at the grand opening of some shoe maker’s shop. Martin did these with aplomb and grace, never asking for anything in return, at the time, as he knew that he could then ask favours of them when he really needed help. Like now. He took out his pocket watch as he slipped the passport away. You never knew what the time was down here; there was no sun to mark the hours.
The shop was closing in ten minutes. He ran. When he reached the door he was so out of breath he could barely open it. Being a magician didn’t require being physically fit.
“I’m sorry, we’re just closing,” said a muffled voice floating up from behind a counter. A man with hair that seemed determined to leave his head popped into view. “Oh, Martin, it’s just you.”
Just me. Martin thought glumly. Of course, when I’m just regular Martin, I’m not important. He pushed the negative thoughts aside and plastered on a smile. “Yes, Jeffrey, it’s just me. I’m wondering if you’d be able to do me a favour. Since I’ve done your three kid’s parties this year, at no extra charge.”
“Oh yes, of course!” Jeffrey said, slapping a stack of paper down on the counter and lifting up an ink roller. “How can I help?”
Martin handed over the messenger’s identification. “Would you be able to replicate this?”
Jeffrey looked at it, punctuating his examination with hmmms and grunts and vigorous nods. “Yes, I think it’s doable. We definitely have the paper stock, and I can match the inks, and the colour of the Emperor’s seal, most definitely. You’d need to get your photograph taken, of course.”
“Of course.” He knew a photographer that owed him a favour after entertaining her overbearing mother-in-law to give the woman and her husband some well needed time away. “How long will it take?”
“I can get started on it right now,” Jeffrey said, coming up beside Martin to flip the open sign on the door to closed. “If you come by tomorrow morning, just as we open it’ll be ready then.”
Martin shook Jeffrey’s hands heartily. “Thank you! You don’t know what this means.”
Jeffrey smiled with a twinkle in his eye. “No, I’m sure I don’t. You’ll behave yourself though, won’t you Martin?”
Martin didn’t like to lie, so instead just gave the printer a smile before taking his leave.

Chapter 3 – Finding Your Wings
If the sun had been visible in the Roots, it would have barely skimmed the roofs of the houses and shops, but as it was, Martin left the shop with an identical Messenger’s pass in hand, minus the photograph, even before the Open sign was turned over to welcome the day’s customers, and he wended his way through early morning shoppers and made his way to the photographer’s shop just as the shop keeper was propping the door open with a tinkling of a small bell above the door.
The woman smiled. “Martin, how nice to see you! Are you here for a photograph?”
Besides the Lifts, this was the second place that Martin disliked coming, and he’d only been once before. The photo-bots unnerved him, so he avoided photography shops at all costs. “Yes,” he said, handing over his forged booklet, and the messenger’s original so they would know how to take the picture.
“Okay,” she nodded, pointing further into the room. “You know the drill.”
Martin indeed knew the drill. He had to stay stock still and look straight ahead, a deadpan expression on his face – no smiling allowed. There was a single stool in the middle of the room, and Martin perched uncomfortably on the edge. The bot appeared silently out of nowhere, like a giant metallic insect – a perfectly spherical insect that hummed and buzzed as it floated up to Martin and stared at him with one large lens-eye. He always felt like it was scrutinizing him, like the camera could look into his soul, and if he stared at it too long, that it would steal his soul. He opened his mouth to speak but the camera-bot flashed an angry red light at him, and something clicked and snapped inside its sleek silver body.
Martin thought he’d feel better about it if it had wings, like the dead man that had disrupted a perfectly normal Thursday. Even if the wings were just for show. It was eerie, the way it just hovered and floated, like a metal soap bubble. Martin tried to un-focus his eyes and look through the camera, as it looked at him. And then it blinked, and blinked a green light at him. The photo was done and Martin almost leapt off the chair. The camera floated away following the woman into the back of the shop. “I’ll be back in a flash!” she said with a giggle, disappearing into the gloom.
Martin admired a collection of photographs that hung on the wall, all of different areas of the Roots. He paused to look at his favourite of the large ornate fountains in some of the squares – the octopus with water spouting from the ends of its twisted tentacles. The picture was vivid and seemed as if it was jumping out of the frame towards him. He moved on to admire a second photo of another landmark in the Roots: this one of an area of the lower level – the firefly farm, where they bred fireflies for all the lamps and lighting in the lower area – they weren’t worthy of actual gas lamps, or so whoever ran Tree thought. The photo captured the eerie green glow of the lightning bugs, as they flew underneath the large glass dome that housed them. It was like an iridescent bubble. Martin moved to look at a third picture on the wall, but was suddenly surrounded by a swarm of cameras.
“Shoo!” the woman shouted, waving her hand about as if they were pesky house flies. They scattered with angry buzzing, seeming to glare, Martin thought, at the shop owner with their single lens-eyes.
“Sorry about that,” she apologized. “They have a mind of their own sometimes it seems, they’re curious. I think the New Alchemist who made them, made them a bit too intelligent for their own good, sometimes,” she said with a light laugh and a shake of her head.
Martin wasn’t sure he’d be able to laugh off the ministrations of one of the inventors that belonged to the Society of New Alchemy – they did strange, bizarre things with steam and gears and metal. They worked a sort of magic he didn’t understand, and didn’t trust. Like the cameras that were now clustered together at the other end of the room, he was sure were watching him, as he watched them, warily.
He was so busy glaring at the little things that he didn’t notice the booklets the woman held out for him. “Oh, I’m sorry! I was just distracted by…” he gave a curt nod in their direction.
The woman laughed again. “I understand. They do take some getting used to.”
He made his way through the streets that had burst to life from the peace and quiet they had been moments before. He flipped open his copy of the messenger ID and smiled. It looked identical to real one. He would be able to get to the top of the Tree!
He was so preoccupied with looking at his photo and the watermark of the Emperor that only after the loud shout from the carriage driver followed by the crack of whip caused him to look up and jump back out of the way of the carriage that was heading straight for him.
“Watch where you’re walking!” the driver, perched high on his bench at the front of the vehicle released one hand from the reins and made a vulgar gesture.
He arrived at the lift, his heart in his throat as he flashed the pass. Seconds stretched into an eternity before the golem stepped aside with an almost imperceptible nod and he was on the platform and moving up even before he could release his breath. Clutching the key tightly in his right hand with visions of airships floating through his head, Martin was startled when the lift stopped and deposited him in what was obviously the Middle – he’d never seen so much light, and brightness!
The lift door slid open. “Uh, excuse me,” he said to a golem guard identical to the last in an unnerving way. “But I need to continue to the top of the city.”
The Golem swiveled its metal head on large metal shoulders and, Martin assumed, looked at the pass he held out. The mouth grate opened, and a single word floated from the gap. “No.”
Martin’s jaw fell and disappointment hit him like a punch to the gut. “No? What do you mean no? I’m a messenger! See?” he waved the paper emphatically in front of those empty eyes.
“That is only for Messengers between the Middle and Roots,” the metal thing said matter-of-factly.
“But, but-” Martin stuttered, at a loss. This was unexpected. “But I need to deliver something to the top! How do I get there?”
“There is no lift to the top,” the golem explained. Whoever was inside this metal suit at least had some patience. “To make deliveries between here and the top, you have to fly.” It seemed like the automaton was looking him up and down. “And you are not a pilot.”
“Fly?” Martin’s heart seemed to have found a new home in his throat.
A large metal arm lifted and pointed. Martin followed it to large arches that opened to the sky at regular intervals.
He made his way to the hole in the wall on feet that felt made of concrete. He gripped the edge of one of the holes with white knuckles and peered out, squinting against the brightness. In the sky he saw men who looked just like Armistice Wells, with large wings made of a white material, and strapped to their backs with a harness, struts made of brass and copper glinting blindingly when the sun hit them. Most flew gracefully with long, smooth strokes of their man-made wings, catching updrafts that swirled close to the walls of the city.
Martin tried to look up, to see how far up the Branches actually were, but vertigo caused a wave of nausea to roll up from the bottom of his stomach and he quickly squeezed his eyes shut.
He moved back to the Golem, the concrete grip on his feet crumbling the further he went from the gaping hole to the outside.
“So if I want to get to the top?”
The golem shook its head again. “That’s impossible. You can’t. You aren’t a flier.”
“How do you become one?”
“You’re born.”
Born? Martin had a vision of being hatched out of some strange human sized egg, like a strange bird and bit back a laugh.
Even though the Golem had no expression on its blank metal face, it seemed to take offence. Its mouth grille opened again. “By that I mean, you are born into it, it’s in your family. It’s passed down, father to son. Inherited.”
“Oh,” said Martin, deflated. He squeezed the key in his hand so that it bit painfully into his palm. He had his mission. To find out what Armistice Wells had been talking about, this ArcHive.
“Well, I need to get to the Branches. Is there any way for me to do that?”
In the distance there was shouting and Martin and the Golem looked in the direction of the disturbance. The Golem raised its energy gun. Martin looked and at first couldn’t see what the guard was pointing at, he wasn’t used to the brightness of white-washed buildings instead of the familiar dark, sooty gloom of the Roots, but finally the white robed figures came into view and once he could see them, racing towards him, that’s all he noticed.
“Uh oh,” the Golem with a note of worry in its voice as the hum of his energy gun built up and Martin saw the pop and fizz of electricity dance across its muzzle.
Uh oh? Martin had never heard a Golem say uh oh before. “What do you mean uh oh? Who are those people, and why are they heading towards us?”
“They aren’t heading to us; they are heading to you.”
“Me?” Martin’s voice came out in a high-pitched squeak as if it were too frightened to even leave his throat. He felt suddenly vulnerable without any form of protection. He didn’t even have any of his magic props on him that he could use for defence. Like the box of matches he used to light the toy air ship on fire.
“I know I haven’t done anything wrong in my life. You must be doing something they don’t like if they’re looking for you.”
“Who are they?” Martin said, moving behind the imposing bulk of the guard.
“You don’t know?” the guard said, sounding amazed and at the same time irritated. “Let me out of here, and follow me and I’ll explain. I’m not allowed to use my gun on them, anyway, so I can’t really protect you.”
From his hiding place behind the Golem, Martin was positioned right in front of the large latches that ran down the back of the suit of armour. He worked the latches quickly, only half wondering if undoing a corset would be as easy as this. The last one undone he flung open the two sides, and came face to face with a slender girl in her mid-twenties with large blue eyes and long dark hair tied back from her head to save it getting caught in any of the moving mechanisms. She wore skin tight bright blue trousers and a slim fitting sleeveless canary yellow top, her exposed arms dotted and scarred with steam burns.
She stared at him. “Well, what are you waiting for? Help me down from here!” She sat on padded chair and reached her arms toward him.
He grabbed her hands and pulled her out and down, her legs stretching to reach the ground. As soon as she was out, she grabbed his hand and pulled him away from the corpse of the automaton that she had been providing the life for. It stood listless and dead still holding the energy gun in front of it, still poised ready to fire, but with nothing, or no one, to fire it.
They ran. Martin risked looking around as they ran through the streets. It wasn’t all that different from the Roots, he realized, taking in the cobblestone streets, and the buildings all squished tightly together to house as many as possible within the confines of a tower that was twenty five square miles. Everything was just brighter, as if someone had decided to throw buckets of white wash on every surface instead of living with the dark and gloom that people in the Roots did. And the people here were brighter, more colourful, and seemed more full of life. Everyone wore a multitude of colours – and not just drab neutral browns and greens and blues but bright, vivid colours like the yellow and blue of the girl that was dragging him onwards.
“Where are we going?” Martin hazarded asking as they ran down a particularly narrow street that had the brilliant idea of filling with a fountain half way down it.
“Somewhere safe,” she said, and before she finished the words, she was opening a door and pulling him inside.
Martin looked around. They were in a house, one that looked almost identical to his, except the walls were white, not a dark eggplant like his. “Is this your place?” he asked turning to her.
“Yes. The Elders don’t know where I live. I’ve never been in trouble with them. See?” she said, lifting her arm. Martin didn’t know what he was looking for at first, and then he saw it, a faint green light pulsing at her wrist.
He thought his eyes were playing tricks on him. “Is your arm glowing?”
The girl looked at him, her eyes growing wide. “Where are you from?” she said, and then looked him up and down. “I see. Do they not teach you anything at all in the Roots?”
Martin shrugged, embarrassed. “Yes, they do, of course!” he said defensively. He needed to stand up for his people. “But-”
“They obviously don’t teach you the important things if you don’t know what this is,” she gestured to the light, “or who the Elders are. Have you even heard of the ArcHive?”
Martin broke into a smile. “Yes! Well, actually no. But I just read about them today.” He fished the letter out of his pocket and held it out.
“It’s not a them, it’s an it. Well, I guess the Elders are a them.” She took the letter and read it silently.
The sudden silence made Martin uneasy, standing in this strange girl’s house. “I don’t even know your name. I’m Martin,” he said, holding his hand out to her.
“I’m Louise,” she replied, still reading the note and making no move to complete the handshake.
“Well, what does this ArcHive do?” Martin asked, still trying to fill the silence.
“They record all of us. With these implants.” She pointed to her wrist again without raising her eyes from Armistice Wells’ note. “The ArcHive is just the place where we are recorded and stored.”
“And the Elders?”
“The Elders are like the worker bees. They keep the ArcHive running smoothly.”
“So that’s what Armistice was talking about.”
“Where’s the key?” Louise asked.
“What?”
“Armistice mentioned a key. Where is it?”
Martin took it from his pocket and handed it over.
“The Government and the ArcHive are one and same. If they are doing this, altering people’s life lines…” Louise trailed off shaking her head, dark hair falling into her face. She brushed it away impatiently. “It’s dangerous for all of us.”
“How did they know where I was?”
“The implants, like I said. We’re all given them when we’re born. That’s how they record our lives – all our moments, all our life changing decisions. And when something comes up that they don’t think is right – like this Armistice person, trying to challenge them, and you, you’re obviously trying to find out what they’re doing, they found out about it and are coming to stop you.”
“So the implants, they’re like homing beacons?” Martin said.
Louise nodded, stray bits of hair finding their way into her face again. “Exact-“
Her words were cut off by a loud knock on the door.
Martin pulled Louise further into her house, into a spacious kitchen. “So you said the ArcHivists don’t know where you live because you’ve never done anything in your life to bring attention to yourself. But I’m here now.”
Louise eyes widened and she looked at the door which shook with another violent knock. “We need to run!” She lowered her voice to a whisper.
Martin looked about helplessly. “Where?”

Chapter 4 – An Angry Hive
Louise grabbed his hand. “Come with me.” She pulled him through the kitchen into a sparse living room, dominated by a collection of large reclining chairs and a bookshelf that filled one wall. As she pulled him through another doorway, he noticed a camera-bot floating forlornly in the corner of the room. He shuddered.
She flung open a door and they were out on the street again, this time in a narrow lane barely wide enough for the both of them, and cluttered with garbage and rubbish bins.
“Now where are we going?” Martin said, his voice still a whisper despite the only things around that could hear them were a couple cats and a drunkard, asleep against a doorway.
“To a friend of mine,” Louise said.
Martin waited for more information but none was forthcoming. “A friend that can help us get rid of the Elders?”
Louise shook her head. “A friend that will take us off their radar.” She stopped suddenly in front of a door that Martin didn’t even see until he looked closely at the vague rectangular outline. She didn’t knock and instead just pushed a nearly invisible button at the side of the rectangle. The door swung inwards with a squeal of rusted metal.
“Amalfus?” She said quietly at first, tip toeing into the room, and then again much louder. “Are you in? It’s Louise. We need a favour. Urgently.”
There was a clatter of metal hitting the floor and a loud curse, followed by another clash of things banging together. “Just a moment!” a lightly accented voice said from deep within, behind shelves filled with partly assembled machines, and loose gears and cogs, coils of wire and telescopes.
A man appeared wearing a plum waistcoat and lime green trousers with leather boots the colour of black cherries that rose to his knees. He wore large goggles over his eyes, the lenses mirrored, reflecting Martin and Louise in miniature. The man hastily pushed the goggles up into dark hair speckled with white, not from age, but some sort of powder.
“Louise my dear!” he said, removing long leather gloves that ran up his arms, the colour of cocoa. He leaned over and embraced Louise. “How are you? How’s your mother?”
Louise waved a hand impatiently. “I’m fine, we’re all fine. Well, sort of. Martin here needs his implant removed. The Elders are after him.”
Amalfus’ dark brows shot up away from emerald eyes. “Are they now?” he said, at the same time reaching out for Martin’s arm and exposing his wrist. There was no glowing light. For a moment Amalfus looked puzzled, and then took in Martin’s clothes and understanding dawned. “Oh, I see,” he said, nodding. “Turn around boy,” Amalfus instructed.
Martin bristled at that. He wasn’t a boy, but he obeyed. “What are you doing?”
“You’re from the Roots, are you not?”
Martin nodded. “Yes but-“
“People from the Roots usually have their implants behind their ears.”
Martin felt Amalfus touch his right ear, pushing it forward, and then move to the left. “Ah yes, here it is. Yes, this won’t take any time at all. Let me just get my things.”
Martin turned around and saw Louise looking at him. “Who is this guy? Is he a doctor?”
“No, he’s my Uncle. He’s a New Alchemist.”
Martin could feel the colour drain from his face. “Has he done this before?”
Louise shrugged. “I think once or twice. It doesn’t take long to cut it out. And he’s stitched me up plenty of times when I’ve cut myself on my Golem.”
Before Martin could protest Amalfus was back with a cloth, some thread and a small knife.
Amalfus smiled at him. “This won’t take a second. Turn around again please.” Martin did, and a moment later felt a poke and brief sharp pain, and then felt strange tugging. A minute later he heard the snap of thread.
“Done,” Amalfus said proudly, handing Martin the cloth. Hold this to the area for a minute or two, for any blood. “Now for the hard part,” he said with a grin. He dropped the small square to the floor, and crushed the chip with the heel of his boot, twisting his foot, and grinding it hard. “There!”
“Now we’re safe,” Louise said. “They don’t know where you are.”
“So that means I can find what this key belongs to and destroy whatever is locked up, like Armistice said.”
“Do you really think that’s a good idea?” Louise asked, concern creasing her face.
“You’ve read the letter. And you’ve said yourself, they alter your life if they’re not happy with where it’s going.”
Louise nodded. “You’re right. We need to stop it.”
Amalfus had been quietly observing, but now interjected. “Are you saying what I think you’re saying? Are you planning on infiltrating and shutting down the ArcHive?”
Martin looked to Louise, and Louise looked back at him for confirmation. “Yes,” they said simultaneously.
“That’s suicide!” Amalfus shouted, causing a precarious piece of equipment on a shelf to roll off and hit the floor with a thud, a pause and then, “is there anything I can do to help?”
“Can you fly? We need to get to the ArcHive.”
“The Branches! I haven’t been there since I used to be a delivery boy on an airship when I was a young one.” Amalfus said, excitedly.
Louise’s jaw dropped. “You’ve been to the top?”
“Of course! I was born there.”
Again puzzlement screwed up her features. “But then how-”
“How am I down here in the Middle? Why would I choose to be down here when I could live up there among the clouds and sun and sky?” Amalfus finished her thoughts, pointing to the ceiling.
Louise nodded, as did Martin. He couldn’t fathom why anyone would trade a life at the top with a sheltered, restricted one down here trapped within the walls of the city.
“Love,” Amalfus said simply. “Love clipped my wings and made me abandon a life of sailing the skies. That, and well, the ArcHive were starting to become controlling. Well, I guess they’ve been controlling the whole time, with their implants, always monitoring, always tracking, they say for our own good. For posterity. For the Empire.” He snorted derisively.
“We have a chance to stop it, and we should.”
“Do you recognize this?” Martin said, holding out the silver key.
Amalfus took it, holding it by the end, a stylized A in delicate filigreed scrolls.
He held it by the other end, examining the A. His eyes widened suddenly. “It’s the heart key!” he nearly shouted, thrusting the key in their faces. “Look!” he pointed to the A, and indeed, it was nestled inside the shape of a heart.
“What’s the heart key?” Louise and Martin asked as one.
“It leads to the computing machine that powers the entire ArcHive. It can be disabled, shut down.”
“Do you know where it is?”
Amalfus nodded slowly, thoughtfully. “I think so. There were a few times I had to deliver things to the ArcHive. There was a locked door, right in the very centre of the building.
Martin nodded with understanding. “The heart.”
Amalfus nodded. “Come, we should get changed.”
“Changed?”
“We’d stand out like plums on a banana tree dressed like we are. I still have some old clothes from my delivery days.”
Half an hour later and they were all dressed in white, and Amalfus had managed to borrow wings from three delivery messengers from the Branches, and bribed one into a tutorial on how to use them.
“Ready?” he said, standing where the messenger had told them to, before their running jump into the sky.
Martin shook his head. No, he was most definitely not ready, and would never be. But this had been his idea in the first place. Grudgingly he nodded, swallowing all fear and pushing it deep down.
One minute he was standing comfortably, surrounded by strange yet familiar cityscape, and the next he was surrounded by blue sky and nothing beneath him except the ground extremely far below.
Eventually his heart left his throat and settled again where it belonged, as he flapped awkwardly upwards like some strange Icarus.
And then he was there. Finding his land legs again on the smooth white marbled ground of the very top of Tree.
Louise and Amalfus had already pulled their wings in and were waiting for him, as he ungraciously tried to make his wings behave. After minutes of trying to rein the wings in, Martin gave up and just unbuckled the harness that held the wings on, letting them fall to the hard ground with a clatter. He’d apologize for any damage later.
And then the showman, Marius, appeared replacing the nervous Martin. “What are we waiting for?” he said, striding confidently toward the ArcHive.
Martin walked in as if he owned the place and headed straight for the large square vault at the centre. He was almost there. His skin tingled with excitement and nervousness. He ignored the wary gazes of men in robes, and stuck the key in the lock. He turned it, wincing at the loud click that seemed to echo through the rooms.
He yanked the door open and was met by nothing. The room was empty.
A voice spoke behind him that sent chills down his spine “Did you really think it would be so easy to stop us?”
He recognized the voice, but turned, anyway. It was Amalfus, with Louise standing beside him. She shrugged, apologetically.
As Martin fell through the air, he briefly wondered if this was how Armistice felt. But he didn’t smile.

~~~
