 

Alone




Eric Clay

Alone

Copyright © 2014 by Eric Clay

All rights reserved, including the right to reproduce this book or portions thereof in any form whatsoever.

For information contact:
ericcly@gmail.com

Published by:
M.O.I. Publishing
"Mirrors of Imagination"

Cover Design:
Eric Clay

Picture:
Dreamstime: © Andreiuc88

This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents either are products of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events or locales or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.

Table of Contents
Dedication
Chapter One: Awakened
Chapter Two: Miss King
Chapter Three: Movie Madness
Chapter Four: Secrets
Chapter Five: Uninvited
Chapter 6: Missing
Chapter 7: Note
Chapter 8: Defeated
Chapter 9: Not Defeated
Chapter 10: First Love
Chapter 11: Mother
Chapter 12: Taylor
Chapter 13: Confessions
Chapter 14: Another Note
Chapter 15: Apology
Chapter 16: Story
Chapter 17: Out-of-Body
Chapter 18: Murder
Chapter 19: Escape
Chapter 20: Truth
Chapter 21: Rose
Chapter 22: Warning
Chapter 23: Deception
Chapter 24: Light
Chapter 25: Attack
Chapter 26: Matt
Chapter 27: Rebellion
Chapter 28: Discovery
Chapter 29: Beginning of the End
Chapter 30: Truth
Epilogue
About the Author

Dedication

Dedicated to my mother…my inspiration!

Chapter One: Awakened

I jerked awake. Perspiration beaded my brow and my body felt stifled. The only relief came from a cool breeze blowing through the window across the room. Sunshine beamed onto the foot of my bed as it did every summer morning.
It's not true. It can't be. It was a nightmare.
Sweat trickled down my neck and the heat trapped beneath the sheet was unbearable. Inhaling and kicking off the covers, I concentrated on calming my raging heart. Repetitive knocking of the blind string against the window sill sounded loud to my ears.
I remained in bed paralyzed by fear. Other than the slap of the string, eerie silence enshrouded the room. I looked at my closed bedroom door. Did the wind blow it shut?
Nothing made sense.
What if it wasn't a dream?
My heart hammered and the sweat on my body brought chills. A loss of sensation spread up my arms.
You're having a panic attack.
Hoping it wouldn't intensify, I tried to ignore symptoms that had become familiar over the past several years. I focused and concentrated on each breath—in and out, in and out. I had to clear my mind to prevent an attack. Finally, I started to relax.
Chapter Two: Miss King
From the Beginning

As I continued methodically breathing I decided to reexamine my life, beginning with my first memory of weirdness.
I was in the fifth grade; a kid with cropped blond hair bleached by the sun, blue eyes, and an attitude twice as big as my short stature. If there was one thing I had learned in my eleven years, it was that I definitely did not fit in with the other kids, no matter how much I tried. They had a connection that always eluded me.
Some of the name calling I endured throughout elementary school was: loser, freak, weirdo, nutcase. Daily, I tried to fit in, only to be mocked and harassed. And daily, I wondered why I was different from everyone else. It's not as if I went around looking for trouble.
My only friend was Matt Crimsley. He was skinny and short like me, no more than five feet, with long, flyaway orange hair and patches of freckles across his nose and cheeks. He had a gap between his front teeth that made him look like a chipmunk. I don't think he owned a hairbrush, and he usually wore the same afterschool attire—jeans snipped with scissors to make them into shorts and a brown T-shirt sporting a twisting trout on the front. His black Converse shoes had holes in the sides and looked like they should have been thrown away years earlier.
Matt lived with his Mom on Willow Street on the outskirts of our small town of Fairview. His mom worked for McDuff's, the local grocery store, stocking shelves during the late shift. I felt bad for him because he had to stay home alone most nights while his mom worked. Mrs. Crimsley didn't make much money so Matt didn't even get an allowance. He was a faithful friend and always stood up for me when the other kids started their harassment.
The day of weirdness began like any other school day with me and my sister walking to the bus stop by following the forest trail behind our home. Halfway down there was a small pond that dried up every year. The bottom of the trail intersected an old country road that led to Main Street, the road into town, and also passed by Willow Street. We always picked Matt up on the way. The bus stop was located on the old country road across the street from a picnic area. I remember it was a windy day and, as usual, the bus arrived around seven twenty-five. It was never late.
"All aboard!" shouted Mr. Rigsby like he did every morning while opening the sliding doors of the yellow monstrosity. Matt and I always sat in the seat directly behind the driver and Mr. Rigsby always pulled the bus to the front of the school around eight.
As was our habit, Matt and I entered the classroom at eight fifteen, barely making it on time. Miss King stood at the door waiting for the last students to arrive. She had a reputation for being the toughest teacher at school and never wore makeup. The extent of her color palette seemed to be black or brown to match her black hair. Whenever I caused a disturbance, she would make me sit outside the door of the classroom. Yes, she was tough.
 This day was different because there was a foul smell in the classroom. It smelled like something was dead and rotting. The other kids didn't seem to notice the creepy odor.
Matt went to his seat in the back corner of the room because Miss King wanted us separated. My seat was in the very front center where she could keep an eye on me. As I sat at my desk, I couldn't understand why no one was complaining about the stink in the room. I raised my hand.
Miss King said in her scratchy voice, "Yes, Roy?"
"Miss King, what is that horrible smell?"
"I don't smell anything. Does anyone else smell anything?" 
The kids shook their heads and looked at me like I'd stolen their lunch money or something. Almost in unison, they said, "No, I don't smell anything."
Next to me, I heard Jacob Jensen say under his breath, "Freak."
Turning around, I glanced at Matt and he shook his head.
The stench was so strong I couldn't believe no one could smell it.
"What does it smell like?" asked Miss King.
I said the only word I could think of to describe the awful stench. "Death" 
"Death!" she snarled. "How do you know what death smells like?"
"I smelled a dead deer before."
"Trust me, if something was dead, everyone in this room would know it, including me. Now no more nonsense. Everyone, pass your homework assignment to the front."
Glancing around the room for the cause of the horrendous odor, I noticed Miss King watching me closely. I looked at the closed door to the supply room, which usually remained open. I figured there must be something in there causing the smell.
The odor remained constant throughout the morning. We had a short recess, but the stink was still there when we returned to class. At eleven fifty-five the bell rang. Miss King excused us and we all rushed for the door. "Roy," she called in a stern voice.
I froze because the only time I heard that tone was when I was in trouble.
"Yes, Miss King," I replied, cautiously.
"Can you stay for a minute, please?"
"Um. Okay." I couldn't think of anything I'd done wrong other than ask about the stinky smell. Maybe I did something bad yesterday? Puzzled, I slowly returned to my seat.
Miss King shut the door after the last student and then went from window to window at the back of the classroom shutting blinds. The room got darker as each of the six blinds was drawn. This was very unusual behavior. Miss King never closed the blinds unless we were watching a film. I started feeling uneasy. I must really be in trouble.
Anticipating the worst, my heart started pounding. My father had warned me that I would be in big trouble if he got another call from the school.
Miss King finished pulling the last blind and peeked around it. A shaft of light streaked through the crack and emphasized her harsh features. Finally, she turned and walked to my desk.
"Roy, you're not in trouble," she whispered. "There's something very important you must know, but we don't have much time."
In the dim light, I could see she looked scared.
She said. "You are–"
At that moment, Matt opened the door to the classroom. Startled, Miss King stopped midsentence.
"Roy, are you coming?" Matt demanded.
I looked at Miss King. She looked nervous and said, "Go ahead, Roy. We'll talk after lunch."
I started toward Matt who was holding the door open, but turned back to Miss King. "You sure? What did you want to tell me?"
"Only that we'll work on your homework later."
Homework? All this secrecy for homework? I was confused, but I was hungry and I knew we could finish our talk after lunch, so I bolted out the door.
After lunch, Mr. Hucklebee, the principal, was there. "Where's Miss King?" I asked.
"She had an emergency and had to leave," he replied.
I took my seat and fixed my eyes on the closed supply room door. The smell has to be coming from in there. Often I caught Mr. Hucklebee staring at me.
I thought of a way to get into the supply room and raised my hand.
"Yes, Mr. Clawson."
"May I get a pencil from the supply room, please?"
"No!" he said firmly. "Does anyone have a pencil Mr. Clawson can borrow?"
Matt raised his hand with a pencil in it. "I do."
Reluctantly, I walked to Matt's desk and grabbed the pencil.
The class dragged on and I couldn't wait for it to be over. Anxiously, I watched the clock above the chalkboard, willing it to tick faster. My plan was to run to the supply room and throw the door open as soon as the bell rang. I wanted to prove to everyone that there was something in that room causing a bad smell—3:27, 3:28, 3:29, 3:30. The bell rang.
Principal Hucklebee moved to stand in front of the supply room door. He said, "You are all excused to go home."
Slowly, I left the classroom. Once I got outside, Matt and I ran to the bus. On the ride home, I tried to get him to admit to smelling the stink. He insisted he didn't smell anything.
"What about Miss King?" I asked, after I told him how strange she had acted.
"She was probably trying to tell you she was leaving and not to be sad," he teased.
"Very funny. Seriously, what do you think she was trying to tell me?"
"I don't know, Roy, but I'm sure it was no big deal."
"Why did she shut all the blinds?"
"Maybe she was planning on a movie after lunch." He laughed. "Or maybe she was trying to freak you out a little. You know, get back at you for coming to class last week with gum on the bottom of your shoes."
"Yeah? Well I still think it's really weird."
The next day I arrived at school hoping to find out what Miss King wanted to tell me and what was in the supply room. I ran from the bus and reached my classroom at precisely three minutes after eight. The door was closed. I pulled it open and ducked my head around scanning the room for Miss King. The room was empty. I looked at the closed door of the supply room. Unlike yesterday, the classroom did not have the foul odor. Purposefully, I walked to the supply room door and gripped the old copper knob with my sweaty palm. I twisted until I felt the knob click.
"Mr. Clawson!"
I jumped back and turned around to see Mr. Hucklebee standing inside the classroom door. My heart pounded.
"Um, yes, Principal Hucklebee?"
"Why are you here so early, son? Don't you want to play before class starts?"
"Yes, sir." I released the door and walked past the principal.
"Did you need something out of the supply room, Mr. Clawson?" 
"Just a pencil, sir."
"What is it with you and pencils, boy?" Principal Hucklebee walked to the door and opened it wide. Slowly, I returned to the supply room and slipped inside, scanning its contents for anything unusual. Everything looked the way it always had. I grabbed a pencil and returned to the classroom.
"Is Miss King here today?" I asked, before leaving the room.
"No, she's not."
"Thanks," I gulped, and bolted outside.
Several days later Miss King had still not returned and was replaced by another teacher, Mrs. Crane. We were told that Miss King was taking an early retirement because her health would not allow her to return to work. I never saw Miss King again.
Chapter Three: Movie Madness

On my fourteenth birthday, my parents gave me two tickets to the opening night of Amazing Man. Being such a huge comic book fan, I watched every super hero movie that came to the big screen. I thought it was way cool that super heroes had such awesome powers. Out of all their abilities, though, the one I liked most was flying. Soaring through the clouds and looking down on earth seemed like the ultimate experience. I would often lie on the grass in my backyard staring at the clouds and imagining myself airborne. I imagined the wind blowing against my face and the freedom of nothing holding me up. Even though I knew it was impossible, pretending still got me excited.
Amazing Man was playing at the only theater in the town of Fort Carter, about twenty miles from Fairview. My little burg was far too small to support a movie theater.
On that particular Friday night, Matt and I were excited about the opening of Amazing Man. My dad dropped us off at the curb in my family's old yellow station wagon, and said, "Roy…"
"Yeah, dad?"
"Don't forget, I'll be back at nine-thirty."
"Okay, Dad."
Matt and I rushed to the entrance of the old theater to purchase our tickets and hurried inside.
"Theater number two on the right," said the teenage boy as he tore our tickets in half and pointed to a long, narrow hallway leading to theaters one through three.
I said, "Matt, let's get some popcorn first."
"Sure, Roy. You go ahead. I'll wait for you." He sounded funny.
I reached into my pocket and pulled out an old balled up five dollar bill. "Don't worry about paying, I have five bucks. Let's get a large popcorn to share."
Matt licked his lips with anticipation.
When we reached the front of the line, I said, "One large popcorn and two cups of water, please"
The girl working the concession nodded and asked, "Butter?"
"Sure." I handed her the five dollar bill and she gave me a few pennies in return. Matt grabbed the overflowing bucket and we walked into the theater. Since we had arrived early we were able to get our favorite seats—third row from the front, dead center. We liked those seats because an aisle separated our row from the rest of the rows so no one could sit behind us, and usually no one sat in front of us because it was too close to the screen. We were pretty much alone. However, the best part of sitting there was feeling like you were right in the action of the movie. We ate our popcorn and waited for the previews to begin. Finally, the lights dimmed.
By the time the movie started, I was feeling chilled. I folded my arms tightly across my chest and curled my legs onto my chair to stay warm. Matt didn't appear to be cold as he held the big bucket of popcorn between us and chomped on handfuls. I was having a hard time focusing on the screen because I was so cold. I turned and scanned the audience. It seemed that I was the only one shivering.
I leaned toward Matt. "I'm freezing," I whispered.
"Maybe if you weren't wearing shorts and a tank top you wouldn't be so cold," he replied, as he chomped another mouthful of popcorn and watched the previews. A particularly scary one had us gasping.
I heard a voice behind me call, "Hey!" I turned around to see someone standing at the rear of the theater waving. I squinted trying to focus on whoever was disrupting the movie. I thought it was strange, however, that everyone just sat with their eyes glued to the movie screen; seemingly oblivious to whoever was making noise at the back.
"Roy!" The person gestured again.
Quickly, I turned back to Matt. "Matt, did you hear my name yelled? There's someone waving at me from the back of the theater."
Matt was so engrossed in the movie that he continued staring at the screen, ignoring me. 
Anxiously, I stood and started toward the stairs leading to the rear of the theater. I didn't see anyone gesturing anymore as I ascended the stairs. When I reached the top, I noticed an empty aisle seat with someone sitting in the chair next to it. Confused, I glanced around. Who had called my name and waved? I sat in the aisle chair beside a heavy set man wearing a baseball cap.
"Excuse me, sir," I whispered, and lightly tapped his arm. The man just sat motionless, engrossed in the movie. "Excuse me, sir," I repeated a little louder. The man brushed his arm and continued to ignore me. I couldn't understand how he could be so rude. How could he not at least acknowledge me? Frustrated, I looked behind me. A shadowy figure sat in the corner of the back row, two rows behind and a few chairs over from me. I couldn't see the person's face clearly. In a hushed tone I asked, "Did you see someone standing here gesturing and calling out for Roy?"
In a voice that sounded scratchy and creepy, he replied, "No."
 I left my seat and headed back to where Matt was sitting. I noticed someone had taken my seat. Still cold, I folded my arms around myself, staring at whoever was in my place. The movie screen suddenly brightened and the person turned around. I couldn't believe my eyes. It was me sitting next to Matt. I was staring at myself.
Chills raced down my spine and I hesitated on the stairs. A voice shouted my name again from above. Terrified, I turned and looked at the back of the room. I didn't see anyone. "Who's calling me?" I yelled. No one in the theater moved. As I turned back around, I suddenly found myself again sitting next to Matt and staring at the rear of the theater. Paralyzed by fear I thought: How can this be?
I looked at Matt. He turned and smiled with his gapping teeth. "Are you okay, Roy?"
"I have to go to the bathroom," I responded, and jumped from my chair. In the restroom I washed my face and stared at myself in the mirror wondering if I was going crazy. Now I wasn’t cold. I was so warm I was sweating. I never told anyone about this, not even Matt.
Chapter Four: Secrets

I've often wondered why I'm so different from my dad, mom, and older sister. My dad is six-three with light brown hair, dark brown eyes, and a tanned complexion in a narrow, clean-shaven face. As far back as I can remember he's always worn his hair with short spikes and a wavy mullet down his back. His work clothes consist of dark blue Dickey pants and a matching button-down shirt with his name, Roger Clawson, stitched across the breast pocket. He's the only mechanic I know who can always keep his boots looking spit shined. He's been the head mechanic at Charlie's Automotive located in the heart of downtown Fairview for too many years to count.
Hannah, my mother is barely over five feet with long, straight black hair. She only trims her hair, so it reaches her waist and gives her a "hippy, flower-child" look. Her complexion is very fair and she never tans, just burns. The extent of her wardrobe is plain, earth tone dresses. I once asked her why she only wears dresses and she replied, "It's the best way to cover the extra twenty pounds I gained having kids."
My mom is quiet and reserved with a passion for knitting. She knits scarves, sweaters, mittens, and comforters. I have a closet full of her knitting masterpieces—which I never wear. She's never worked outside the home because my dad is a firm believer in a woman staying home to care for her family.
My sister, Serena, is the spitting image of my mother, with the same long, black hair, pretty green eyes, short stature, and earth tone clothing. There's no mistaking her as not being my mother's daughter. She loves to read. Growing up, she carried a book wherever she went. As for me, I'm definitely not a bookworm; my mind wanders after a few sentences.
My family lives in an old, dingy gray—once white—clapboard house built in the 1950s. It's small and tucked away in the woods, with a narrow dirt road leading to it.
Adding to my memories, I recall a strange experience I had in that house. It was the end of my senior year and Matt and I were going to attend the graduation party held in the high school gymnasium. I asked my father, "Dad, can I borrow the car to pick Matt up so we can go to the graduation party at the high school?"
"Son, why didn't you let me know about this before now? Your mother and I already had plans to attend a movie. I've been promising to take her to that new release she's been waiting for. You'll have to walk or ride your bike."
I decided to walk because I knew my fellow students would make fun of me if I rode my bike to the party. I shrugged. "Okay. I'll leave at eight for Matt's house. His mom said she'd give me a ride home when she gets off work if I needed one."
That night when I started down the trail behind my house, the sun was almost down and the wind had picked up. I hurried and just before I got to the pond, I lost my footing and took a tumble. My left arm connected with a sharp rock and I yelled, "Dammit!" I used my right hand to feel my torn sleeve. Blood was oozing from the cut. I think I was more upset about messing up my party clothes than getting hurt.
I removed my shirt and used it to press against the wound. I had no choice but to return home to clean up. Hurrying in the darkening night, I walked shirtless against the wind back to my house. I reached the clearing at the edge of the backyard and noticed the light in my bedroom was on. Through the pulled blind I could see two silhouettes walking around. Curious, I made my way to my window and heard two familiar voices. One was definitely my dad. The other sounded like my best friend Matt, but I knew it couldn't be him because he was at his house waiting for me. I stepped onto a flower pot under my window and strained upward, peeking through a crack at the bottom of the blind. I barely made out the lower portion of two bodies. For sure one was my father, and, if I hadn't known better, I would have sworn the other was Matt.
So, here I was, shirtless and holding my injured arm, while balancing on the old clay pot and pressing my eyes to the bottom of the window. I heard my name mentioned several times and then, "He can't know about the meeting on Friday." It was my father's deep voice. Then my father said, "I'll drive you–"
About that time, I slipped and fell on my butt into the pot, smashing the flowers. Cursing silently at the pain, but still curious, I got back up and repositioned myself on the plantar, pushing my face back to the screen. I heard one word, "Murdoch." Two more shapes entered the room and I recognized my mother's voice. "Do you think he has a clue?"
I couldn't understand the response and then the light in the room went out. I jumped to the ground. What the heck was going on? Who was Murdoch? Had it been Matt in my bedroom talking to my father?
I walked around to the front porch and reached to open the door. It was locked. I banged on the door until my dad opened it. I entered holding my bloody shirt against my arm. My mom and sister gasped.
"What the hell happened to you?" my dad exclaimed.
"Honey, are you okay?" My mother rushed toward me.
My sister just stood there with her hand over her mouth staring at the blood-stained shirt.
"I'm fine. I just had a little accident and fell at the bottom of the trail." I looked toward the kitchen and then down the hallway. The stranger had to be in the house.
My mom lifted the bloody shirt. "Come to the bathroom and I'll clean you up."
"I'll just grab a shirt from my room." What I was really doing was checking my bedroom for the person who'd sounded like Matt. On my way down the hallway I peeked into my sister's room. Her closet door was open and the closet looked empty. I passed the bathroom and quickly looked inside—empty. I walked to the end of the hall. My room was on the left; my parents' room was on the right. Both doors were closed. Warily, I opened the door to my bedroom—all clear.
My mom who was now in the bathroom shouted, "Roy, come on before you bleed all over the place."
"Coming, Mom," I called and returned to the bathroom. If anyone was in my parents' room, they would have to walk past the hall bathroom in order to exit the house. While my mother rinsed the cut, I focused my attention on the hallway.
My father stepped into the doorway, blocking my vision. "Roy, you sure did a number on that arm."
I kept my eyes on the cracks between his big body and the door jam, watching to see if someone passed behind him.
He said, "I'll close the door until your mother gets you cleaned up."
"No!"
My father looked at me strangely. "What's wrong with you, son?"
I couldn't think of a better answer so I said, "I want the door left open because I'm feeling a little claustrophobic right now."
Slowly, my father removed his hand from the doorknob, looking puzzled.
My mother finished washing the cut and started wrapping it with gauze. So far, I was certain no one had walked down the hallway. My father stepped away from the entrance to the bathroom. While my mother taped the gauze, I heard the opening of a door and the sound of his boots on a wooden floor. I knew he was in his room because my room was carpeted. I thought I heard whispering before the door closed.
"Mom, is there someone else in the house?"
"No, what makes you think that?"
I thought I heard Dad whispering to someone."
"I think you're hearing things."
Not convinced, I charged out of the bathroom and down the hall. 
"Where are you going?" my mom cried.
"To my room to change into clean clothes." Closing and quietly locking my door, I dropped to my knees and laid my cheek against the old hardwood floor to peek beneath the crack at the bottom of the door. Focusing, I watched to see if anyone left my parents' room. I scooted around to find a more comfortable position. Refocusing, I thought I saw someone walk past my door, but it happened so fast I wasn't sure if it was a trick of the light.
"Roy?" My mother called and tried to open my door. Quietly, I shuffled to my bed. "I'll be right out," I replied.
Through the closed door she asked, "Since we didn't make it to our movie because of your injury, do you want us to drive you to your graduation party?"
"Sure." A minute later I heard my parents' bedroom door open and I jumped to crack my door and peek out. My dad was following my mom toward the front room. The door to their room had been left open. Quietly, I slipped in and glanced around. Everything looked okay. I walked into their adjoining bathroom and closed the door behind me. Staring at myself in the mirror, I turned on the faucet and splashed my face several times. What the hell is going on around here?
Drying my hands and face, I noticed the closed shower curtain and cautiously stepped to open it. Little by little, I inched my hand toward the curtain.
"Roy!" my mother shouted from the living room. I jumped at the sound of her voice, releasing the curtain. Frustrated, I grabbed it again and jerked it open. Empty. Looking into the tub, however, I noticed smudged shoe prints. Whoever had been in the house had definitely hidden in the tub.
Chapter Five: Uninvited

Over the next week I tried to make sense of the mysterious stranger in our home. I was careful not to mention anything about seeing silhouettes in my bedroom or overhearing my father talking to someone. My mother fussed over my injured arm and watched me closely.
Questions plagued me: What was Friday's meeting about? Where was the location of the meeting? Who was Murdoch? Who had my father been talking to? Something unusual was going on and I was determined to find out what it was.
When Friday night arrived I figured my parents would try to ditch me in order to go to their mysterious meeting. It was around seven when my mother entered my bedroom and told me that she and my father were going to town for groceries, and my sister was being dropped off at her friend's house.
I said, "I'll come with you. I don't really have anything else to do."
"You never want to go to the store with us; why all of a sudden?"
"I'm bored."
"No, you stay here. We'll be back shortly."
"But I really want to go."
"Roy, what's the big deal? Just relax and we'll be back shortly."
"Fine! I'll stay here!" I replied ill-tempered.
My mom, dad, and sister loaded into the station wagon and headed down the winding dirt road. I'd prepared for this by stashing my bike behind the house, ready to bolt down the trail to the old road that intersected Main Street. I knew that if I made it down the backway before them, I could see the direction they were going.
I jumped on my bike and pedaled as fast as I could. When I reached the bottom, I hid behind some trees waiting for their car to pass. When it did, I quickly followed, staying hidden within the tree line alongside the road. The old station wagon turned onto Main Street toward downtown and I soon lost sight of it. There weren't many places they could be going in our small community. I pedaled past McDuff's Grocery and didn't see the wagon in the empty parking lot, or any other cars, which was strange. This confirmed my suspicion that they weren't going shopping. Riding my bike past local businesses, I searched for evidence of a meeting.
The town seemed unusually quiet. I didn't see any cars on the road or anyone shopping, walking, or anything else. Upon closer inspection, I noticed that Al's Hardware had closed early. Al didn't usually close until eight. The gas station was empty, the auto parts store was empty, Lucy's Cafe was empty.
What the heck is going on? Why is everything closed?
It was as if all the townspeople had disappeared. I rode into the neighborhoods past downtown and toward Fairview High School—Second Street, empty; Third Street, empty; Fourth Street, empty. There were no cars anywhere. As I turned onto Hailey Way, the same street the high school was on, I noticed a large concentration of cars parked in the neighborhood. I ditched my bike in a pile of bushes and proceeded on foot. Curious, I walked down the sidewalk past the cars. This must be some huge meeting.
When I approached the high school, I saw a long line of people waiting to enter, so I hid behind some hedges. Sheriff Tanner was at the front of the line greeting everyone. It appeared the entire town had been invited to this meeting, except for me. My father, mother, and sister were in line. Matt's mother was there, too. I didn't see Matt, so I wasn't sure if he was there. Principal Hucklebee was there. Mr. Wilson, my dentist, was there. Everyone I knew was there. I felt like I was living in a science fiction movie which got me remembering my experience at the movie theater when I was fourteen.
Why wasn't I invited to this meeting? I was determined to find out what the gathering was about. I glanced at my wristwatch and noticed it was around seven thirty-five. Everyone was now inside the high school with the exception of Sheriff Tanner. He stood at the front door scanning the neighborhood. I realized there was no way I could make it past him without being seen. I ran back a block and turned onto a side street, then cut through Mr. Larson's backyard and climbed over his chain link fence to land in the grassy area behind the school. There wasn't a person in sight. I ran to the building and then slinked alongside it, checking each window for entry.
Locked. Locked. Locked.
The only way into the building was by breaking a window.
Screw it! I searched for a decent sized rock because the suspense of the unknown was enough to make me attempt things I wouldn't normally do. I came upon the perfect rock. It was a little bigger than my fist. I took off my T-shirt and wrapped the stone in it to muffle the sound. Locating the window farthest away, I hit it hard. It didn't break. My heart pounded. I hit the window with greater force. The glass shattered and a small piece cut my hand. Crap!
I dropped the rock to the ground and wrapped my hand in my T-shirt. Carefully reaching through the broken window I unlocked the latch and pushed the frame up before gingerly crawling into Mrs. Stewart's English class. I would be in serious trouble if I got caught. Quietly, I tiptoed to the door and cracked it. The hallway was empty. I decided everyone would have to congregate in the gymnasium to make room for such a crowd. I started toward the gym, careful to put my back to the wall at each turn and peek around it to make sure the coast was clear.
The closer I got, the more I could hear someone talking over a microphone in the gym. I had one more hallway to cross. Cautiously, I peeked around the corner to see an older, skinny man sitting in a chair at the gym's entrance. There was no way of getting around him without being seen. I could hear the man on the microphone a little better, but I still couldn't make out his words. An elderly woman opened the door to the gym and stepped out. While the door was open, I heard the speaker say, "Murdoch."
The restrooms were just down the hall so I ran and peeked into the men's bathroom to make sure it was clear before ducking inside. Vigilantly, I cracked the door, watching to see where the old woman was going. She rounded the corner and went into the women's restroom, across from the men's.
As I was spying on the hallway, I saw the skinny man come around the corner and I rushed into a stall, jumping onto the toilet. Careful not to make a sound, I crouched on the toilet seat and peeked through the crack of the stall. The old man entered. Trembling, I watched him walk to the urinal and piss. Moisture beaded my forehead at the prospect of being caught.
The man went to the sink and washed his hands. After he dried them he started to leave, but paused. My heart galloped. Slowly, the scary, skinny man turned and scanned the stalls. I got a clear look at him—old, thin, wrinkled, and almost bald. He continued to stare at the stalls as if he could see through them. Chills trickled down my spine.
This is it. I'm going to get caught for sure.
 "Is anyone there?" the old man called with a firm voice, belying his frail body. The muscles in my legs trembled with the effort to keep my stance on top of the toilet.
The old man shrugged, turned back around, and exited the restroom, but I stayed in that uncomfortable position a few more minutes before finally jumping down.
Scared and still shaken, I edged toward the bathroom door. Cracking it again, I glanced down the hall and didn't see the old man or old lady. The speaker continued talking over the microphone. I crept to the edge of the hallway and peeked around the corner. Although the old guy's chair was still in front of the door, he wasn't there. Maybe he's in the gym.
If I was going to solve this mystery, now was my chance. Stealthily, I ran to the gym door and listened. I heard the speaker mention my name and then Murdoch's. He then said something about everyone working together because this was a group effort.
There was a long pause and I heard people talking to each other, like the meeting had ended. I ran back through the halls to Mrs. Stewart's class. When I reached her room, I peeked inside and saw Sheriff Tanner on the outside of the building looking at the broken glass. Turning, I ran toward the front of the school and burst through the front doors, running into the neighborhood across the street. I reached my hidden bike. When I gripped the handle bars, pain shot up my arm from the cut on my hand that was wrapped with the T-shirt.
I pedaled toward home like the fires of hell were after me. When I arrived, I quickly stored my bike back in its usual place in the garage and jumped into the shower. I balled the bloody T-shirt and hid it in a corner of my closet. What the hell is going on?
Chapter 6: Missing

At nine o'clock I went to bed waiting to hear the old station wagon pull into the driveway. Events from the high school kept replaying in my mind, especially the mention of the name "Murdoch." I wondered what the speaker had meant when he'd said everyone should work together, and why was everyone invited to the meeting except me? Who was the old man guarding the gym door? Had the sheriff figured out I'd broken into the school? Had someone seen me sneaking around?
Questions raced through my mind until I finally decided to flat out ask my parents why they had lied to me about going to the grocery store, and why they had hidden someone in our house. I was going to demand explanations.
The clock ticked past nine-thirty, ten, eleven. Where were my parents? Maybe they were buying groceries to keep up their deception about shopping. At eleven-thirty, I started feeling uneasy. Should I go look for them? Could the meeting still be going on? Car trouble? I decided to wait until midnight. If they didn't show by then, I'd return to town to look for them.
Midnight. Instead of riding my bike, I headed out on foot because of the pain caused from the cut on my hand when I gripped the handlebars. The night seemed unusually dark as I followed the trail behind my house. Tall pines blocked any meager moonlight, making it difficult to see. Cautiously, I made my way, trying not to be scared by the night sounds of unseen scurries, hooting owls, rustling leaves.
Finally, I reached the bottom of the trail and followed the road to Main Street. Whereas the night had teemed with sounds before, now it became deathly quiet and very cold. I wished I'd brought my jacket. I pressed the button on my watch and illuminated the time—twelve thirty. Walking Main Street, I could see dim street lamps shining like sentinels all the way to the end of town. The air felt heavy and chills snaked down my spine.
As I walked toward the other end of town, I noticed a faint light that gradually pulsed brighter and brighter. It was coming from the direction of the high school. The light was very intense now, only one more turn and I could see if it was originating from the high school.
Just as I reached the corner the light vanished.
Turning onto Hailey Way, all I could see was the high school with reflections of moonlight glinting off its windows and the windows of the string of houses across the street. There were no cars in the parking lot or jamming the neighborhood now, just the occasional car parked in its driveway.
Where are my parents? I skirted the parking lot and walked to the rear of the school, looking for the window I had broken. There was no broken window. That was a fast repair. I returned to the front of the school puzzled by the crazy events of the night.
I pulled on the front doors—locked. Standing at the top of the entrance steps, I scanned the neighborhood—quiet and empty. I sat on the top step and thought about the mystery I'd been thrust into. The pieces of the puzzle simply would not fit together. I was confused and frustrated.
Glancing around the neighborhood, I noticed someone walking swiftly toward town. Quietly, I raced down the steps and followed, keeping a good distance. The person traversed the neighborhoods and turned onto Main Street, continuing out of town to the old road. My heart hammered when I saw the individual enter the trees at the steep trail leading to my house. During all the years I'd been using this trail, I had never seen anyone except Matt, my sister, and a few of her friends, use it. Maybe I was following Matt or my sister.
Anxiously, I tracked the stranger toward my home. The moonlight disappeared when I reached the thicket of the forest and I could no longer see whoever I was following. I paused, listening for the sound of footsteps. The only sound was wind whistling through the tops of tall pines. I continued up the winding trail, straining to see any movement. Whoever was on the path, must know it well in order to walk in the pitch black.
Finally, I reached the top. The same lights in the house were on as when I'd left earlier. I paused in the small clearing and glanced around for any sign of the mysterious person I had been following. There was no one.
Walking to the front of the house, I saw a silhouette of someone in the living room. Are my parents and sister home? I checked the garage for our station wagon. It wasn't there. Chills raced up my body. If it wasn't Mom or Dad, was it Serena?
Quietly, I slinked to the kitchen window and peeked through a crack in the curtains—empty. I returned to the front of the house and saw movement of the silhouette. Carefully, I climbed the porch stairs to get a closer look. The wood squeaked. The silhouette moved its head to one side. I froze.
The hairs on my arms jumped straight up. Again, I remembered the night in the movie theater. The person in the house stood and walked toward the front door. My heart tried to pound out of my chest because I was about to confront whoever it was. The knob slowly turned; then it stopped. I stood paralyzed by fear. Seconds now felt like minutes as I anticipated the opening of the door. The door never opened. The silhouette walked away.
I waited a long time before gathering enough courage to enter my own home. Finally, in a burst of adrenaline, I twisted the knob and pushed the door open. I yelled, "Who's in here?"
No one was in the room and there was no reply. I entered every room, turning on more lights.
"I know you're in here so don't try to hide!" There was no response. Tentatively, I searched the closets and under the beds.
The bathtub. Cautiously, I walked into my parents' bathroom trying to control my trembling. The plain white shower curtain was closed. I approached the plastic curtain hesitantly and slowly reached for it. Then I jerked it back.
"Eeekkk," my sister Serena, pale as a ghost, screamed.
I shouted, "Serena, why are you hiding in Mom and Dad's shower? Who are you hiding from?"
"Please don't hurt me," she cried.
"What are you talking about? Where's Mom; where's Dad?"
Just then, Sheriff Tanner burst into the bathroom. "Son, come with me please."
"Why? Where are my parents?" I shouted again. 
"What did you do to them?" Serena cried, acting like she was scared of me.
Sheriff Tanner grabbed my arm and pulled me from the house until he could push me into the back of his police car. "Don't worry, son, we'll find your parents," he said, before slamming and locking the door.
Seized by terror, all I could think about was how upset Serena was and how she'd accused me of doing something to Mom and Dad.
While I sat in the police car, I watched the silhouettes of the sheriff and my sister through the living room window. It looked like Sheriff Tanner was trying to calm her. Unexpectedly, I noticed what looked like a person standing beside the ancient oak at the entrance to the trail. I squinted, trying to see. The shadow moved behind the oak. Goose bumps jumped up my arms. Someone was watching us. I moved my gaze back to the house and saw Sheriff Tanner exit the front door with Serena. When he opened the backseat passenger door, my sister peeked inside and said tearfully, "I'm sorry, Roy. I don't know what came over me."
Before I could respond, she ran back toward the house and the sheriff slammed the door. Sheriff Tanner jumped in the front and turned the ignition, adjusting his rear view mirror so he could see me. He said, "Let's take a drive around town and see if we can locate your parents."
I looked back at the ancient oak and didn't see any movement.
"Roy, you sure scared the crap out of your sister. She thought you were an intruder. What have you been up to this evening?"
I had a bad feeling that he suspected I knew something about the meeting at the high school.
"I haven't been up to anything. I only went outside to make sure the garage door was open for my parents when they got home." It was a pitiful lie.
We drove around town for awhile and I finally asked, "Sheriff Tanner, why did you show up at my house tonight?"
"Your sister called and said she walked home from her friend's house after your parents didn't pick her up. She said it wasn't like them so I decided to drive up and investigate. When I pulled up to the house, I heard her scream and ran inside to see what was going on."
The sheriff turned into the neighborhood near the high school and circled several blocks. Finally, he said, "It's late so I'm taking you back home. Your parents are adults. I'm sure they can take care of themselves. In fact, they'll probably be home by the time you wake up tomorrow. If they're not home by morning, then we'll worry."
We turned back onto Main Street and headed out of town. I twisted to look through the rear window and noticed the same bright light I'd seen earlier. I faced the front and asked, "Sheriff Tanner, what's that light over by the high school?"
Sheriff Tanner turned, looked, and returned his attention to the road. "I don't see a light, Roy? It's late. You must be so tired you're seeing things."
I looked again and there was no light.
The Sheriff dropped me off at my home and I waved goodbye at the front door. After I entered the house, I checked on Serena who was sleeping and then made sure all the doors and windows were locked before finally stretching out across my bed.
Chapter 7: Note

I woke to sunshine. "Mom!" I yelled.
"Roy, why are you yelling?" My mother asked from my doorway.
"Mom, where have you been?"
My father stepped behind my mother.
"What do you mean, Roy?" Mom asked.
"Last night you went to the store and never came back."
"Roy, we got home late last night because we decided to go to Fort Carter and watch the late showing of the movie we missed because you injured your arm. You were sound asleep when we got home." My mother walked to my bedside and sat beside me.
"Where's Serena?" I asked.
"She's still asleep," my father replied from the doorway.
"Are you feeling okay?" My mother smoothed a hand across my brow. "Did you have a bad dream?"
"No. I'm okay. I think I just need to sleep a little longer."
Mom said, "Okay Dad, let's leave him alone." My mother kissed my forehead and followed my father from the room. For a long time, I replayed the events of the previous night. I decided not to mention anything to my parents about being at the meeting at the high school. Something odd was happening and I was determined to unravel the mystery. As I lay in bed, I resolved to scrutinize the behavior of everyone around me. With purpose and determination, I jumped from my bed and went to my closet. The balled up T-shirt with blood on it was gone. What! Suddenly, I felt the familiar fright, but I refused to allow fear to dominate my senses. Something was being hidden from me and I was determined to find out what it was. I can play their game.
After dressing, I went to the kitchen to eat breakfast and acted like everything was just as it had always been. "Wow, I must have been really tired last night not to hear you come in."
"Yes, son, you were zonked out," my dad replied.
"Well, I feel rested now." I grabbed a Pop Tart and dropped it in the toaster, making small talk with my dad until it popped up. Blowing on it to cool it, I left the room. Serena's bedroom door was closed. Lightly, I knocked. "Hey, it's Roy."
"Don't come in I'm getting dressed," she shouted.
I shrugged and went back to my room. Looking out my window and eating my Pop Tart I noticed a figure leaning against the big oak at the entrance to the trail. The stranger was a white man dressed in brown pants and a white shirt. With one hand he waved for me to join him, and with the other, he pressed a finger to his lips indicating I should be quiet. He then stepped behind the tree. My heart hammered.
Even though I was scared, I ran out the front door yelling to my parents that I was going to Matt's house. When I reached the oak no one was there. However, there was a paper tacked to the trunk. It was folded with the word "ROY" written in big letters. Glancing around to make sure I was alone, I grabbed the paper and ran deep into the forest. When I felt sure no one had followed me, I sat on a stump, unfolded it, and read:

Roy,

If you want to know the truth about your life, meet me tonight at the pond beside the trail at exactly eight. DO NOT tell anyone about our meeting or you may never know the truth. It's VERY IMPORANT that you rip this note up and flush it down the toilet.

Murdoch

Murdoch! It was the name I kept hearing. The fact that I had received this note confirmed that something strange was happening. I began formulating what I would tell my parents so I could get out of the house.
After rereading the note, I crumpled it and ran home to do exactly what it instructed—rip it up and flush it. With the flip of a handle, I got rid of the evidence.
All day I thought about the note and wondered what it meant. I called Matt and told him I was going to meet a girl and asked him to cover for me if my parents called. Of course he wanted to know who the girl was and where we were going. I told him he didn't know her; I had met her at McDuff's and she said she was visiting friends in the area. I said we were just going to hang out in the woods by the pond because she wanted to see it. My story sounded pretty lame and I wasn't sure if he believed me. He kept asking questions, which wasn't like him to be so persistent, but finally he agreed to be my alibi. 
I told my parents I was going to Matt's and at seven-thirty I grabbed my backpack and tossed some chips and cookies and a half full bottle of Pepsi into it. I also made sure my parents saw me grab a VHS movie out of the living room cabinet. I wanted to appear as convincing as possible.
"Okay, I'm going now," I said, as I walked out the front door.
"Have fun, Roy," my mom replied.
"How are you getting home? Do you want me to pick you up?" my dad asked.
"I'll have Matt's mom give me a ride if it's too late."
"Ok, son."
I ran out the door and down the trail. It would be dark soon.
Chapter 8: Defeated

Because it was June and we had received some rain, there were a few stagnant pools around the mostly dried up pond. I reached into my backpack and pulled out a flashlight to illuminate the fast encroaching darkness. Shining the light around, I looked for a rock to sit on. After I was comfortable, I grabbed my bag of potato chips and nervously munched. I touched the button on my watch and it blinked 7:55. Realizing that I was only minutes away from possibly knowing the truth about what I had been experiencing, my mind raced with anticipation. Every few seconds I shined my flashlight around the woods, scanning for any sign of movement. I checked my watch again, 7:58. Soon, I may have answers.
A familiar smell wrinkled my nose. It was the same one I had experienced in Miss King's class. It was the smell of death. I jumped up and flashed my light frantically into the thicket of trees. I checked my watch again, 8:01. Where was the smell coming from and where was the mysterious stranger? I heard a noise in the woods. My heart thudded. The time was 8:03.
Cautiously, I called out, "Is someone there?"
Silence.
I decided to walk toward the sound. The breeze picked up and the air chilled when I entered the forest. I shivered, but kept walking and listening, only hearing the sway of trees in the wind. I kept my flashlight shined on the ground so I wouldn't trip over rocks or decaying logs. The smell of death became stronger and I kept remembering the incident in Miss King's class.
Although frightened, I picked up the pace and lifted my flashlight to shine straight ahead. I needed answers to the strange events in my life. Abruptly, I stopped when my light landed on a body lying on the ground in a small clearing ahead of me. Slowly, I edged forward. The person was deathly still.
"Hel-lo?" I called out. "Are you okay?" There was no response or movement.
I stepped closer.
The body was on its side with its back to me. I asked again, "Are-are you okay?"
 Nothing.
Standing two feet from the body, I pinched my nose with my free hand because the smell was so bad. My stomach wretched. Still holding my nose, I asked again, "Are you okay?"
There was still no answer and fear swallowed me up. This could really be a dead person. I nudged the lifeless body with my toe. It felt soft.
Slowly, and with much apprehension, I walked around the body and quickly flashed my light from the feet to the head. When I reached the face, I recognized the old man from the high school who had been guarding the door to the gymnasium. My heart raced as I knelt beside him. What was he doing in the forest?
Suddenly, I thought I heard my name being called from the direction of the pond and almost shouted for help, but my mind went crazy wondering if the old man had been murdered and dumped in the forest—maybe by the stranger I was there to meet, or was he the stranger?
I knew that dead people, after a time, became pale and hard. This man was neither. I nudged him again. He didn't move. I put my hand in front of his nose to feel for air. He wasn't breathing. Trembling, I placed my fingers on his neck to check for a pulse. Nothing.
Shining my light over his neck, I could see bruise marks. He appeared to have been strangled. I jumped up and flashed my light in a circle. All I could see was trees. Swiftly, I turned off the light and rushed back toward the pond.
When I got close, a voice called again, "Roy!"
I hoped it wasn't the killer.
Gathering my courage I flipped on my light and shined it through the trees. "Who are you?" I cried.
Within the blink of an eye, I found myself sitting on the rock I had been resting on earlier with my bag of potato chips. My heart thumped and the same putrid smell surrounded me. I jumped up, grabbed my flashlight, and started running down the trail toward town.
"Roy!"
"Matt, what are you doing here?" I cried, shining my flashlight in his face.
He squinted. "You said something about going to the pond tonight and I decided to join you. What's wrong?"
"I don't know what's happening, but there's a dead man in the woods."
"Seriously?"
"Yes, I saw him with my own eyes. He's dead, Matt! He's dead! Follow me and I'll show you! The killer is still in the woods! I'm sure of it!"
"Matt looked scared but followed me up the hill toward the pond. My legs were shaking so violently I could hardly walk. We passed the pond and came to the edge of the trees and shined our flashlights into the thicket of forest.
"Roy, maybe we should call the sheriff," Matt said as he stopped at the edge of the tree line.
"No! Follow me. There are two of us to fight anyone off." I ran into the forest determined to prove my sanity. Matt followed. We came to the clearing where I'd discovered the dead man, but he was gone, as was the smell of death. "Someone took him, Matt. I swear he was right there."
Matt said in a loud whisper, "Roy, are you okay?"
I dropped to my knees and cowered on the ground.
Matt gasped, "Roy, what's wrong with you."
My heart was beating so fast I was afraid I might be the next dead body in the woods. I had always thought of myself as being strong, but at that moment all my resolve to be fearless, crumbled. I felt defeated by the phenomena in my life. Matt leaned over me, but I closed off his words. I was as still as the old man had been.
Chapter 9: Not Defeated

I opened my eyes the next morning and stared at the ceiling for awhile and then looked out the window across from my bed. After that, I studied my favorite comic book hero posters tacked on my walls: Amazing Man, Quantum, and Firelight. Although it was silly, the posters again gave me courage, purpose, and hope. They made me feel that no matter the obstacle or challenge, there was always hope. As I lay there pondering the challenges my action heroes faced, I thought about the strange events in my own life. Why?
I squeezed my eyes tight. I needed to find the strength and determination of my heroes. My gut instinct told me there would be more unexplained encounters and I needed to face those happenings without fear. Fear only resulted in more fear.
As I lay there deep in thought my father came into my room. "Roy, we're worried about you."
"Dad, about last night…" I hesitated.
Dad said, "I was terrified when Matt ran to the house and told us something was wrong with you. I followed him to where you sat on the ground. You kept mumbling some strange stuff, and between the two of us, we helped you home. What's going on, Roy?"
"Honestly, I don't know, Dad. Would you mind if I just stayed in my room today? I need some time alone to think."
"You know, Roy, I was your age once and I know how active a young man's imagination can be."
"What do you mean?"
"Well, Matt tells me you're seeing things that others can't."
"I think I've been a little stressed lately. Really, I'm fine. I just need to be alone."
"Okay son, I'll leave you alone, but call me if you want to talk."
After my dad left the room and closed the door, I replayed the events from the previous night over and over. Why had that old man been strangled? Why had he been guarding the gymnasium door? How was it that I was in the forest one minute and then suddenly sitting back on the rock by the pond the next? Who moved the body? There were so many unanswered questions.
The rest of the day I stayed in my room reading comic books and trying to make sense of all the strange occurrences over the past few years. I found no answers. My sister brought me Pop Tarts for breakfast and a sandwich for lunch.
 By evening I became restless and hungry and ventured to the living room where my dad, mom, and sister lounged around the television.
My mom muted the sound. "Roy, how are you feeling? I wanted to check on you today, but your father said I should leave you alone."
"I'm feeling a lot better," I replied, as I sat on the edge of the couch.
Serena asked, "What's been going on with you lately? Why are you acting so strange?"
"I think I've just been stressed thinking about graduation. You know, wondering what I'm going to do with the rest of my life."
In my mind, however, I knew that had nothing to do with it, and in my heart, I knew these three people were hiding something.
My mom interjected, "Those are normal feelings for a man your age."
My father then started telling me stories about when he was a teenager and the experiences he'd had. I knew he was making up events to keep me from searching for the truth. I listened to everything he said and acted the part of the obedient son, but I was now determined to discover the truth that would unravel the secrets and unexplained events I'd been bombarded with. I wished I'd kept the note from the stranger as evidence.
Chapter 10: First Love

A few years passed with only occasional weird happenings that I still found no explanations for. When I was twenty-one, I was working for McDuff's as a stock clerk during the day. I'd been hired right out of high school after Matt's mom put in a good word for me. I rarely saw Mrs. Crimsley now because she always worked the night shift and Matt and I didn't hang out as much.
Between work and watching over my mother who had become ill with leukemia, I was always busy. My mom had started getting sick right after I graduated from high school. My father often called in sick to his job because Mom had painful days with the disease. Money was always tight because of all her medical expenses. I gave the majority of my paycheck to my father to help with bills.
Serena didn't talk much after Mom got sick. She just buried her nose in books most of the day. I had wanted to graduate high school and travel far away to college but that dream got crushed with Mom's disease. I resigned myself to being stuck working at McDuff's and not being able to pursue my dreams.
Recently, my father had gotten upset after talking to Mom's doctor. The doctor had told him that she only had a few months to live, so Dad wanted to spend as much time with her as possible. As for me, I felt guilty because I wasn't as emotionally upset about my mother dying as my father and sister were. I'd always felt guilty that I didn't have a stronger bond with my parents.
One morning when I was leaving for work, my father grabbed my hand as I started out the front door. He pulled me into a tight hug and had tears rolling down his cheeks. "Roy, son, I'm afraid."
I figured he was talking about losing my mother.
He pulled me tighter and I could feel his body quaking. "Roy, you have a gift."
I jerked back to stare into his eyes. His arms were still shaking and he looked frightened. I had never seen my father in this condition.
"What do you mean?" I asked.
 "Never mind, it's nothing," he replied, staring beyond my shoulder.
Confused, I left the house and headed to the trail leading to town.
I turned around once to see my father, slump-shouldered, reenter the house. While I walked toward town I couldn't stop thinking about what he'd said. Was it just the ramblings of a sorrowful man? Did it have anything to do with the crazy events that had happened in my life?
Later that day while stocking the milk shelves from inside the refrigerator, I noticed a woman about my age selecting a carton. She was gorgeous and I had never seen her around town. I stopped stocking and rushed to the sales floor. It wasn't often a woman that stunning walked into McDuff's. I ran my hands through my hair to straighten it. The woman was now browsing the yogurt section. Her dark brown hair, with a hint of blond highlights, fell past her shoulders, and she wore practically no makeup. She was dressed in a short black skirt and a crisply pressed white blouse. She was definitely high class.
She turned and we made eye contact. She said in a slightly husky voice, "Excuse me, do you work here?"
She had my heart pumping so fast all I could say was, "Uh, yeah."
"Do you carry any lemon yogurt?"
"Uh, no, everything we have is displayed."
"Do you live around here?" she asked sweetly.
I couldn't believe she was actually asking me that question. "Yes, I live outside of town." I pointed in the direction of my house.
"Well, I just moved here with my parents from Fort Carter and I don't know anyone. We moved across from the high school."
I replied, "I've always lived here and never been anywhere other than Fairview and Fort Carter." After I said the words, I wanted to kick myself for sounding so boring.
"Really? Wow, that's crazy. What's your name?"
"Roy Clawson."
"Hi Roy, I'm Taylor Bradshaw. It's nice to meet you." She held her hand out for me to shake.
I was embarrassed because my palm was so sweaty I had to wipe it on my apron before clasping her soft one.
"What do you do for fun around here, Roy?"
"There's not much to do except fish at Sawyer Lake or go to Lucy's Cafe for a milkshake. She makes great ones."
"I like milkshakes. Maybe we could go to Lucy's together."
Again, I couldn't believe my ears. "Sure, I'd love that!"
"Well, I better get going. It was nice meeting you, Roy. I'll see you around."
"Nice meeting you too, Taylor." My heart was hammering. Gorgeous women never invited themselves to have a milkshake with me. For the rest of the day I was on cloud nine. Everyone at work kept asking me why I was grinning and I told them it was because I'd met a beautiful woman.
Chapter 11: Mother

After I got home that evening I noticed my father was kneeling beside my mother's bed holding her hand. 
"Dad, is everything okay?"
"Your mother's not doing well, son."
I didn't know what to say, so I returned to the living room and sat in the recliner. Serena was sitting on the couch. She just stared at me angrily.
"What?" I asked.
"You know Mom's dying and you don't even seem to care."
"What do you mean I don't care?"
"You're the only one who hasn't cried, Roy."
"Serena, I deal with things in my own way. I'm sorry you don't understand."
Serena jumped up and stormed from the room, mumbling under her breath. A few minutes later, my dad came into the living room. He looked exhausted and sad. He said, "Roy, come with me."
He motioned for me to follow him as he walked onto the porch and then down the steps. We headed to the rear of the house and then toward the woods. I glanced back to see Serena staring at us from the window of my parents' room. We entered the woods and he kept looking all around. 
I followed my dad deep into the forest. Finally, he stopped and sat on a tree stump. I sat on a log nearby. He was quiet for a long time, and then he said, "Roy, what I want to talk to you about is very complicated."
"What do you mean?" My heart pounded. Was I finally going to receive answers to the mysteries in my life?
"There's something your mother wants you to know–"
Although the sound was faint, we were interrupted by screams coming from the house. My father jumped up and ran toward home. I was close behind him. The closer we got to the house the more I recognized that horrible stench.
Serena was in the front yard screaming.
Dad sounded panicked when he demanded, "Serena what's happened?"
She ran and threw her arms around Dad. "He killed her, Daddy! He killed her!"
My father ran into the house and I ran in behind him. The smell and Serena's terror had the hair on my arms standing up. Dad raced to Mom's bedside. She was facing away from us. He turned to me and ordered, "Roy, leave right now!"
I tried to look past him for a better view, but he blocked me. He pointed to the door and repeated, "Leave, now!"
When I didn't move, he stalked forward and pushed me into the hallway and then quickly closed the door. I heard him turn the lock.
For several minutes I just stood in the hallway wondering what the heck was going on. Since I didn't know what to do, I returned to the living room where Serena was sprawled on the couch crying her eyes out.
"Serena what happened?"
My sister didn't answer me.
"Serena, what happened?" I asked more forcefully.
She lifted tearful eyes and said, "You did this!"
Suddenly, everything was just too overwhelming—my father's secrecy, my sister's accusations, my mother's illness—and I knew I had to have some breathing space. Confused and hurt, I walked outside and paced. After that I just sat on the porch and waited.
At least an hour passed before my father opened the front door. With his head hanging, he said, "She's gone, Roy. Your mother is gone."
Everything around me seemed surreal. I knew by my father's expression that my mother was dead, but I couldn't understand why Serena had said he killed her, and then that I was to blame.
My father must have already called Mr. Jester, the funeral director, because he arrived with his hearse shortly thereafter. I wanted to see my mom's body before he removed her from the house, but Mr. Jester said it wasn't a good idea and I should wait for the funeral. I refused and insisted on seeing her. He replied that a dead body doesn't look the same as a living person.
I shouted, "I know what a dead body looks like. I've seen one before." I pushed past him into the bedroom. My mother lay pale and lifeless and I was plagued with guilt because I didn't seem to feel the same sadness as my father and sister. I wasn't suffering their deep emotions.
I stared at her lifeless body thinking about the dead man in the forest. A blanket reached to her chin and I felt compelled to uncover her.
I started to pull the blanket down, but Mr. Jester placed his hand over mine. "You don't want to see anything else."
I pushed him away and jerked the blanket back. My mom's neck appeared to be okay, but there were bruises on her arms. "What's this?" I pointed to the bruises.
Mr. Jester didn't respond. 
I practically shouted, "I demand to know how she got those bruises!"
He still didn't respond.
I stormed out of the bedroom looking for my father. He was standing near the old oak wiping his eyes.
"How did Mom get bruised and what did Serena mean when she said he killed her?"
My father broke down weeping. He was so upset he couldn't talk. I'd had enough of everyone's charade and returned to the house to call the sheriff. When Sheriff Tanner arrived I showed him the bruises and told him what Serena had said. He said he would investigate and that he wanted to talk to my father and sister alone.
For over an hour they stayed in the bedroom with my dead mother. Afterward, the sheriff told Mr. Jester to remove the body.
Before my mother was removed from the house, my father leaned over to hug her and continued weeping. I couldn't stand it any longer and walked outside to lean against the oak while her body was moved into the hearse. Serena sat in a chair on the porch with her face buried in her hands.
While I watched, I wondered what my father had wanted to tell me in the woods. Had my mother's death stopped him from revealing their secrets? Had he wanted to go into the forest because someone was watching us?
Questions without answers kept circling in my mind. My father came and stood next to me, putting his arm around my shoulders.
I said, "Dad, why does death always have such a strong odor?"
He said quietly, "I don't smell anything."
Serena walked over and put her arms around Dad. The three of us stood close to each other in disbelief that Mom was actually gone.
Sheriff Tanner joined us. He said, "Roger, according to Mr. Jester, it looks like your wife died of cancer and I don't see anything unusual about the bruises on her arms. As for what Serena said, she admitted to talking crazy because of her grief."
"What!" I shouted.
"Roy, relax. I'll take care of it," my father said evenly. He said to the sheriff, "So you don't think there was any foul play involved?"
"No. I checked your house and didn't see any signs of unlawful entry, and after conferring with Mr. Jester, the way I see it, she self-inflicted her bruising. That's not uncommon when someone is in great agony."
I couldn't believe such nonsense was coming from Sheriff Tanner's mouth. My mother would never harm herself. I was shocked when my father didn't stand up to him.
Chapter 12: Taylor

In my heart, I knew my mother had been murdered and Sheriff Tanner was covering it up. My father had tried to tell me something in the forest that my mother wanted me to know, and she'd suddenly died.
I approached my father later and questioned him about what he had wanted to say in the woods.
"It was nothing, son. I just needed to leave the house for awhile."
I knew he was lying. He was hiding something.
The day after my mother died, I walked to the funeral home to air my head out and think about the best way to investigate her murder. The mortuary was located at the farthest end of town. When I arrived, I was surprised that I didn't smell death. Stopping at the reception desk I saw a small bell and rang it. Mr. Jester appeared.
"Mr. Clawson, how are you doing today? I'm terribly sorry about your mother."
"Thanks, but I was wondering if I could see her again."
"I'm sorry, son, but she was cremated this morning."
I was shocked. "Who gave you permission to cremate her?"
"Your father, of course. He said it was her wish. Per your father's instructions she will be in an urn at the funeral."
"Why would you cremate her when she was possibly murdered? Don't we have to do an autopsy?"
"Roy, Sheriff Tanner assured us that she died of natural causes."
"Sheriff Tanner? Are you serious? Since when does the Sheriff make coroner decisions? Shouldn't Fort Carter's Coroner's Office have been called to investigate?"
"I understand you're upset Roy, but I can't undo what has been done, and the police report says there was no foul play."
Mr. Jester's words angered me and I rushed from the building. I ran back toward town and ended up near the high school. I slumped against a tree. My mind swirled with pictures of my mother's strange bruising, but there was nothing I could do to prove my belief that she had been murdered. I wished I had someone to share my suspicion with instead of being alone. I was so angry.
Across and down the street, I saw Taylor, the girl I had met at McDuff's, step onto her porch. I remembered that she said she was living near the high school. She stepped off her porch carrying a water pot. She was wearing earphones and started dancing around her yard while watering potted plants. I didn't want to seem overanxious to talk with her, so I decided I would circle to the back of the high school and come out farther down the street. Then I would walk past her house pretending I had no idea she lived there. As I ran, I licked my fingers and slicked my hair back.
My heart was pounding as I approached her house. I glanced around to see if anyone was watching. When I looked at the school, I saw someone leaning against the tree I had just been chilling under.
It looked like me.
I blinked to clear my eyes. I was still a good distance from Taylor's house and paused behind some hedges to further investigate the person under the tree. He had his head down. His clothes were the same as what I was wearing. I moved my gaze around the high school and saw a man standing beside the corner of the building. He was dressed entirely in black.
Summoning my courage, I decided to confirm the impossible by approaching the person under the tree.
In the blink of an eye, I found myself back under the tree staring at the grass. Chills snaked down my spine. It was then that I was slammed with the realization that these strange occurrences could be out-of-body experiences.
I remembered the stranger behind me and turned quickly around. I didn't see anyone. I jumped up and ran in that direction anyway. I was older and wiser now and I wanted answers. When I rounded the building there was a man in normal clothing ducking into a white Oldsmobile Cutlass. He started the ignition and squealed away.
Frustrated, I watched the car until it turned the corner and wondered if that man had anything to do with the man in black. Unable to do anything more, I remembered Taylor. I circled the school again and came out down the street once more. When I glanced back at the tree where I had seen myself, no one was there. Taylor was still in her front yard.
I slicked my hair again and slowed my walk. My plan was to stroll by her house and hope she noticed me. I had reached Mr. Dewy's house, her next door neighbor, when she glanced up. She immediately removed her earphones and called out, "Roy!"
"Hi there," I replied. Taylor was beautiful and I couldn't think what else to say.
She said, "What brings you to this side of town?"
"I was just going for a walk to air my head out. Is this where you live?"
"Yes." She smiled shyly. "Can I go for a walk with you?"
"Sure!"
"Let me tell my mom and I'll be right back." She ran in her house and was back in a flash. We walked around the neighborhood.
"How old are you, Taylor?"
"I just turned twenty."
We talked for a long time. She was so real and friendly, and although I felt like I could tell her anything, I didn't mention my mother's death or suspicion of foul play. I didn't want her pitying me or, alternatively, thinking I was a nutcase. We walked and talked until dusk and I forgot my problems. The only thing that mattered was that I had met a girl who made me feel alive.
Chapter 13: Confessions

Taylor and I became very close over the next few months. I would visit her almost every day before or after work. She had been looking for a job in Fairview, but no one was hiring. She always had a positive outlook and told me someday the right job would come along.
Taylor's mom didn't work outside the home. Her dad was a coal miner at the mine located halfway between Fort Carter and Fairview. She was an only child so she always got whatever she wanted, but she never acted spoiled. I was Taylor's closest friend and I loved it.
A few weeks after my mom's death, we walked across the street to the high school and sat on the front steps. I had come to trust Taylor, so I decided to share my strange experiences with her. I told her things I'd never even disclosed to my best friend, Matt. I told her about Miss King, the movie theater experience, the light at the high school, the mysterious man who had left the note, the dead man in the woods, and even my suspicion of foul play in my mom's death.
At first I thought she might think I was crazy, but then I could see by her expression that she believed me. It felt good to finally have someone to talk to.
She asked, "Do you have any idea how the stranger who left the note could have known stuff about you?"
I told her that I'd wondered about that myself and often speculated as to whether he'd been trying to help or hurt me.
Taylor asked, "Why do you think you keep having these out of body experiences? Do you think you can make it happen if you try?"
The thought scared me. "No way am I going to try to make it happen. I don't know why they happen and I sure don't want to voluntarily bring them on."
"Roy, have you ever told your dad that you were at the meeting at the high school?"
"No. He'd just try to make me feel like I'm crazy or making things up."
Taylor chewed her bottom lip, and said, "For sure, I think the stranger in the woods has answers for you, but we don't know anything about him. Maybe he was going to kill you. Maybe he was the one who killed the old man." She frowned. "I wonder what Miss King was trying to tell you before she disappeared? And why you can smell death when nobody else can? That's weird, Roy. Maybe you have a special gift that people in this town don't want you to know about. I don't think we can trust anyone except each other." Taylor put her arms around my neck and pulled me close, then she leaned back and stared into my eyes. "Roy, I really like you a lot and I think you're special in every way." Unexpectedly, she whispered my name and gave me my first kiss.
My heart was thumping and my adrenaline pumping so fast, I thought I might explode. I closed my eyes to savor the best moment of my entire life.
When I opened my eyes, I was standing at the bottom of the high school steps staring up at Taylor and myself making out on the top step. I was struck with fear realizing I was having another out-of-body experience. I looked down the street and saw Sheriff Tanner's car parked at the curb. He was sitting behind the wheel and looking in the direction of the high school. I walked toward his car, but his eyes didn't move to look at me. I noticed the driver's window was rolled down. Before I reached his car, I said, "Excuse me, Sheriff Tanner."
He didn't even acknowledge I was there. I got right up to his window and said, "Excuse me, Sheriff." He appeared to not see me. He was holding an open notebook with names, dates, times, and notations. The list was extensive. I recognized my name was written multiple times; as was Matt's and Taylor's. The sheriff seemed to be keeping track of our whereabouts.
Not quite believing I was having this out-of-body experience, I backed away from the car and returned to the steps of the high school where Taylor and I were still kissing. Climbing the steps and standing over the two bodies, I was amazed that I was watching myself and Taylor with neither of them appearing to know I was there.
I decided that I'd rather be in my body kissing Taylor, and instantly, I was there. She whispered my name like with the first kiss and put her lips on mine. Pulling away, I grabbed her hands and stared into her beautiful eyes. I said with excitement, "Taylor, I just had another out-of-body experience."
"What do you mean? What happened?"
"When we kissed, all of a sudden I was at the bottom of the steps staring up at us. Then I looked around and saw Sheriff Tanner parked in his police car watching us from down the street."
"Roy, you're scaring me."
"Don't be scared." I stood and grabbed Taylor's hand. We ran down the school steps and toward where Sheriff Tanner was parked. The sheriff started his vehicle and drove away.
Taylor stared at me and I wondered if she thought I was a freak or if she really believed in this ability I seemed to have. I told her of the list the sheriff was making.
Her eyes only widened. "We've got to figure this out!" she said with determination.
Chapter 14: Another Note

As the weeks passed, Taylor and I spent every free minute together. We always talked about my experiences, trying to understand them. She made me feel like I could overcome anything as long as I had her on my side.
One day, while entering the trail to walk to work, I found a folded note attached to the oak tree with my name written on it. With trepidation, I read:

Roy,

I have been watching you for many years. You are now of an age to know the truth. The last time we were to meet, I was being watched. Forces you don't understand have been trying to kill me for years so as to keep you in the dark. I know this sounds crazy, but I promise I will tell you the truth. You cannot trust anyone. The events that have occurred in your life are not coincidence. They happened for a reason. Meet me tomorrow night at the old wrecking yard just outside of town at 6:30. And don't tell ANYONE, not even your new girlfriend. No one can be trusted.

Murdoch

I remembered hearing the name Murdoch mentioned by my dad and then at the gymnasium meeting all those years ago. I also had a gut feeling I had to meet Murdoch if I was ever going to unravel the riddle of my life. I folded the note and placed it in my pocket. There was no way I would destroy the evidence this time. As I continued along the trail I wondered how Murdoch knew about Taylor and why he didn't want me to tell her about the meeting. I glanced around. Was Murdoch watching me at that very moment? Could Murdoch be a serial killer who intended for me to become his next victim? Was he the one driving the outdated Oldsmobile? Or was he the man in black? Did he know about my out-of-body experiences? So many questions were unanswered.
The next day I awoke to birds singing and the sun shining brightly. The blind over my window softly swayed in the breeze. Excitement and apprehension vied for preeminence of my emotions. Would I discover the truth today?
I really wanted to tell Taylor about the note. Not only had I entrusted her with all my secrets, I had come to love her deeply. I didn't want to keep anything from her.
Later that day I walked to Taylor's house and showed her the note. She insisted on going with me to meet Murdoch.
"He might not meet with me if he sees you."
"Roy, if you go by yourself, he could hurt you."
"Taylor, if I don't return by eight, I want you to call the sheriff."
"I can't bear the thought of something happening to you. I love you with all my heart. Please don't go. Murdoch may have killed that old man. He could kill again."
"Realistically, I don't think he's a murderer. He could have done something to me before now. I believe he's telling the truth. Taylor, I have to know the truth."
I could see the worry in her eyes and I knew she really did have deep feelings for me. 
 I arrived at the wrecking yard at six. The yard was quiet and weeds had overtaken most of the cars. The place had been closed for years. The evening was warm with a light breeze and I walked through the salvaged vehicles looking for evidence of Murdoch.
The grounds appeared to be empty so I sat on the hood of an old Ford Pinto. Every few minutes I glanced at my wristwatch. My nerves were on edge.
Unexpectedly, I was out of my body, but I didn't fear it as I had in the past. I moved away from my reclining self on the old Ford. It was amazing! I was beginning to get a glimmer of understanding that when I became anxious or excited, some part of me stepped outside of my physical being. Although everything felt surreal, there was also an invigorating energy that accompanied the detachment.
I looked around the yard and didn't see any sign of life. I walked the grounds searching for another person. There was a small hill at the back of the yard and I walked to the top to get a better overall view. On the other side, Sheriff Tanner stood with three of his deputies, their guns drawn.
That stopped me dead in my tracks. "It's almost time," Sheriff Tanner whispered to his deputies as he checked his watch. "Now remember, we want to catch him alive and make sure Roy thinks we received a trespass call. That's the reason we'll give for being here. Let me make this clear, I don't want Roy knowing his girlfriend tipped us off."
"No problem, Sheriff," said one of the deputies.
I couldn't believe what I was seeing and hearing. Why would Taylor betray my trust? I had to warn Murdoch. I turned and ran toward my body. As soon as I reached it, in a flash, I was back inside myself. I looked at my wristwatch, ten after six. What? Had time stopped? I jumped off the Pinto and ran throughout the yard looking frantically for Murdoch.
Sandwiched between two old junkers I could see a figure leaning against an outdated white Oldsmobile Cutlass. Quietly, I walked toward the vehicle, careful not to give the sheriff a reason to come down the hill. 
Paradoxically, I felt comfort knowing Sheriff Tanner was nearby, but also nervousness. I wanted to hear what Murdoch had to say before the lawmen came down on us. I walked closer and was greeted by a Caucasian man, maybe in his forties or fifties, dressed casually in jeans and a blue shirt, who stepped forward. He had a welcoming face with dark blond hair and bright blue eyes.
"How are you, Roy?" he asked with a huge smile.
"Okay, I guess."
"It's been a long time."
"Are you going to hurt me?"
"No, Roy. Believe it or not, I'm on your side. Did you come alone?"
"Yes, I replied, hesitantly."
"Are you sure you're alone? You don't sound so sure. I know you have a gift and perhaps you saw something you'd like to share." The man's voice was so soothing and calm.
"How do you know I have a gift?"
"I know everything about you, and its time for you to learn who you are."
"Sir, I have to tell you the sheriff and his deputies are on top of that hill with guns. I thought I could trust Taylor, but she told them. I'm sorry."
"Roy, it's okay. I know your life has been hard, but we haven't much time. How many times have you left your body?"
"I don't know, maybe five or six."
"Okay, listen carefully. You can control when you leave your body. Don't ask me how I know, just trust me. If I'm caught, I'll leave you notes to read. If I'm not caught, we'll meet again. Remember Roy, I'm your only friend. No one else can be trusted."
"Who am I?" I asked.
Suddenly, the truck was surrounded by Sheriff Tanner and his deputies. They pointed their guns at Murdoch.
"Who am I?" I yelled, as one of the deputies grabbed my arms and held them behind my back.
"Why, you're Roy Clawson," replied Sheriff Tanner. He turned his attention to Murdoch. "It's been a long time Murdoch." Speaking to his deputy, he said, "Put Roy in my car." The deputy walked me to the sheriff's vehicle hidden behind a garage near the entrance to the yard. The other deputy handcuffed Murdoch and put him in another police car.
The sheriff climbed into the backseat of his car beside me. "Roy, do you have any idea who you were talking to?"
"No, sir."
"Well, that man's a murderer and we've been searching for him for years. What a lucky break we were called out to the yard on a trespass call. Great job, Roy! Son, you'll be rewarded for this." The sheriff started to get out of the car, but paused. "What were the two of you talking about?"
"Not much, Sheriff."
"Why did you come to the wrecking yard, Roy?"
"I just wanted to be alone in a place where I could clear my head."
"Son, this killer lures his victims in by telling them things they want to hear, and then he kills them. It's very important that you tell me what he said."
"He told me he wanted to talk; that's all. We didn't talk because you showed up before we could."
"Roy, I know you've been having a rough time since your mother died, but remember, I'm here to help you."
"Thanks, Sheriff. I'll remember that."
The sheriff patted my shoulder and told me he would give me a ride home. I looked out the window of the vehicle and saw Murdoch in the backseat of the deputy's car. He just stared at me and smiled.
Chapter 15: Apology

I asked Sheriff Tanner to drop me off at Matt's house rather than take me home. Matt and I hadn't spent much time together in the past year, and even less since I'd met Taylor. However, he was still my best friend. The gap in his front teeth had closed over the years, but he remained pretty dorky looking. He'd been hired as a manager for the movie theater in Fort Carter right out of high school, and after a few months he was able to pay his mom back for the car she'd purchased for him to go back and forth to work. It was a four-door, 1982 Pontiac J2000, two-toned brown and tan. It was definitely not a "chic" magnet.
When I arrived at Matt's, he was on the porch. He said, "Roy, where the heck have you been lately?" 
"I've been working a lot and spending time with Taylor. That's about all."
"We need to hang out more. I miss my best friend. So what's up with you?"
"Well, I don't know if I'm going to be hanging out with Taylor anymore."
"Why not? I thought you liked her. Is something wrong?"
"I just can't be in a relationship with a girl I can't trust."
"Oh, wow! Did she cheat on you?"
"No, nothing like that. Let's just say that I asked her to keep a secret and she didn't."
"Man, that sucks. I'm sorry to hear it. Hey, I noticed Sheriff Tanner dropped you off. What's up with that?" 
"That's part of the problem."
Matt waved me inside the house. "Let's talk. My mom got called into work early."
I followed Matt into the house and we sat on the couch. I finally said, "Matt, I'm sorry I haven't been a best friend for awhile, but I need someone to talk to."
"I'm listening, buddy."
"Do you remember the time Miss King disappeared?"
"Oh yeah, that was crazy. It's like she just up and vanished."
"Well, I think she was trying to warn me of something and that's why she disappeared."
"Warn you of what?"
"Over the years I've had lots of experiences I can't explain and I think Miss King knew something about me."
"What kind of experiences?"
I sighed. "Matt, you're my best friend, but I never told you because I thought you'd think I was crazy and not want to hang out anymore."
"Roy, no matter what, you'll always be my friend," he chuckled, "even if you are crazy. So what kinds of experiences are so weird you couldn't tell your best bro?"
I looked past Matt's shoulder and then back at him. "I have out-of-body experiences."
Matt wrinkled his brow and didn't say anything.
"I know you don’t believe in that stuff, but it's true. The only other person I've shared this with is Taylor."
"Roy, what do you mean by out-of-body?"
"Well, whenever I get really emotional, like nervous or excited, I leave my body and walk around."
Matt scratched his chin. "You do sound crazy! But if you say so, I guess I believe you."
"Oh, it gets better. There's a man named Murdoch who's been trying to make contact with me over the years."
Matt grabbed both my arms with a force that almost toppled me backward into the cushions. "Did you say Murdoch? Holy Shit!"
"Yeah. What about him?"
"Roy, you mean to say you really don't know?"
"Know what?"
Just then the doorbell rang and Matt jumped up. He said, "I'm like freaking out, Roy!"
The hair on my neck stood straight up. Matt grabbed a baseball bat leaning against the wall. He yelled, "Who is it?"
"It's Taylor, Roy's girlfriend."
As if I hadn't heard, Matt whispered, "It's your girlfriend. What do you want me to tell her?"
I thought for a second. "Go ahead and open the door."
Matt opened the door still holding the bat.
"Are you going to hit me with that?" Taylor asked, seemingly unconcerned.
Matt replied, "No, sorry." He lowered the bat. "Come on in."
I stood up from the couch waiting for Taylor. She ran over and wrapped her arms around me. I had a difficult time staying mad at her. 
"Roy, why didn't you come to my house? I've been worried sick."
"I think I should be asking the questions here. Do you have something you want to tell me?"
"Yes. I told the sheriff where you were going. I couldn't stand the thought of you getting hurt. I'm sorry, Roy." Tears pooled in her eyes and my anger vanished.
Matt stood beside us shifting from foot to foot. At that moment, I felt the warmth of friendship radiating from these two. I placed my arm around Taylor and smiled at Matt.
Suddenly and unexpectedly I left my body and stood watching the emotional scene. Again, I felt comfortable being outside my body, like it was a natural thing for me. I also realized that I enjoyed leaving my body. I walked around the living room still watching all of us. We were moving, talking, and appeared perfectly normal. It was surreal watching my body talk when I wasn't in it. Wow! My mind was blown away.
I walked into Matt's room and saw a magazine on his floor, and then I returned to the living room to reenter my body. In the blink of an eye, I was holding Taylor to my side and grinning at Matt, again feeling the warmth of friendship. I pulled away, and said, "Matt, I can prove I just had an out-of-body experience. There's a June 1974 issue of Playboy on the floor next to your bed."
Matt's face flushed bright pink.
"How could you know that, Roy?"
"I told you; I have these experiences where I leave my body."
Matt stared incredulously at me. We all walked into his room and saw the magazine.
I asked, "So, now do you believe me?"
"I do, even though I'm having a hard time accepting it. This is just too weird."
Chapter 16: Story

Matt said, "Roy, after hearing your story, I have to tell you what my mother revealed about this town." He walked over to his bedroom curtain, cracked it, and peeked outside. Turning to face me, he continued, "There's a secret in this town that my mom said no one ever talks about. I never gave it much credence until now."
I had never seen Matt so serious. He sat on the arm of the chair in his room. "My mother said she wanted me to know because she figured someday I would find out and get caught talking about it."
I sat on Matt's bed while my heart rate accelerated. "What kind of secret?"
Taylor walked from the doorway and sat next to me on the bed, her eyes wide.
Matt took a deep breath. "Roy, you and Taylor have to promise you'll never talk to anyone about this."
Solemnly, I said, "I promise, Matt."
Taylor bobbed her head. "I promise, too."
I could see fear in Matt's body language as he got up to peek out the window again.
What can be so terrible that it scares Matt?
He closed the curtain and began his story. "Before we were born there was a woman born and raised here named Rose, and everyone knew her. My mom said she was beautiful. After graduating from high school, she was supposed to go back east to attend college, but she met a guy not long after graduation and they fell in love. His name was Murdoch." Matt paused.
I tried to swallow my shock.
Matt said, "He'd moved here from a city in Idaho. He was a few years older than Rose—old enough to buy liquor. It was suspected they drank a lot. Rose gave up her future for Murdoch. After they married they rented a house on Hailey Street. At first, everything seemed fine."
Matt peeked out the window yet again. He closed the curtain and whispered loudly, "But then strange things started happening in Fairview."
I swallowed again. Taylor leaned forward. She said, "What kind of strange things?"
"The first thing that happened is a local man named Ronald Meyers went missing. His wife contacted Sheriff Tanner. A few days went by and he still didn't show up until a hunter found him dead in the woods. He had been strangled. Immediately, the sheriff started questioning the townsfolk and looking for clues. Nothing was discovered. Just days after Ronald was found, another person went missing. His name was Joseph Keller. The sheriff began an immediate search. They found him in the woods too, strangled.
"Sheriff Tanner called for a town meeting hoping to flush out the killer. He leaked information that a witness had come forward. Everyone in town showed up for the meeting except Murdoch and Rose. After the gathering, the sheriff went to their house and found Rose suffocated in her bed. It was surmised by the bruises on her arms that she had fought the assailant. Murdoch was nowhere in the house. When the townspeople learned of another crime, they were terrified. Sheriff Tanner told everyone that Murdoch was the suspected killer of Rose and the other two men. He said he would hunt him down and bring him to justice, and he did. There was a trial and Murdoch was sentenced to life. But he escaped before he was transported to prison. Over the years a few people have "supposedly" left town and never been seen again—like Miss King. My mom told me to never say anything about the crimes because word might get back to Murdoch and he was crazy."
Taylor and I sat speechless. I wasn't sure what this had to do with me, but I knew there had to be more to the story. I wondered if Miss King had disappeared because she knew something about Murdoch.
I had to talk to him.
I said, "If Murdoch is a killer, why would he hang around here?"
"Maybe he's twisted and wants revenge," replied Matt.
"Maybe, but that doesn't explain how Murdoch knows about my out-of-body experiences." I exhaled loudly and said with determination, "I'm going to get to the bottom of this!"
Matt left the window and walked over to me. "Roy, promise me that you won't tell anyone what I just told you. I don't know why Murdoch wants to talk to you or how he knows about your gift, but my mother was terrified when she confided in me."
"I promise I won't say anything."
Chapter 17: Out-of-Body

The next day I woke to see my dad standing in my doorway staring at me.
"Good morning, son."
Stretching and yawning, I said, "Morning, Dad."
"I just got off the phone with the sheriff."
That captured my attention. "Yeah? What were you talking about?"
Instead of answering my question, he said, "Is there something you're not telling me, Roy?"
"No, I don't think so." I wondered how much he knew.
"The sheriff said that you were seen communicating with a known murderer. Is it true?"
I pretended ignorance with my response. "How does the sheriff know he's a murderer?"
My father walked over and sat on the foot of my bed. I scooted up and leaned against the headboard.
"Roy, I never told you this, but years ago there were tragic killings in this town. It's important that you allow the sheriff to do his job. The man in custody was tried for murder and convicted. Now I don't know exactly what happened between you and the sheriff, but I've known Robert Tanner for years, and if he says Murdoch is guilty, then he's guilty."
"How did you know his name is Murdoch?"
My father glanced sideways. "Well, the sheriff told me when I spoke with him, but I also remembered his name."
I could tell my dad was hiding something. I played along, careful not to reveal everything I knew.
My dad asked, "Roy, where did you meet Murdoch?"
"He left a note on the trail saying he was a friend and we should meet at the wrecking yard."
"Do you still have the note?"
"No, I tore it up and flushed it down the toilet," I lied.
Frowning, my dad questioned, "What did you talk about at the wrecking yard before the sheriff found you?"
"Not much. He just said his name was Murdoch and then the authorities appeared."
"That's it? Nothing else?"
"Nothing else, Dad."
"You're lucky he didn't hurt you, Roy. I can't bare the thought of losing another family member." He patted my knee and left the room.
While I leaned against the headboard, I thought about everything that had happened during the past two days. My instinct told me that my father knew a lot more than he was revealing. I also knew I had a special gift that I needed to learn to control. I pondered my out-of-body experiences. They seemed to happen when I was very emotional. Did my emotions activate the experience? If so, could I learn to harness those feelings to control my gift?
I closed my eyes and thought back to the time I'd seen myself in the movie theater, and also when I'd broken into the high school, and later to Matt's revelation about Murdoch. Finally, I contemplated the dead man in the woods. A mixture of emotions flooded me and like a light switch being flipped, I was out of my body. I stood beside my bed staring at myself leaning against the headboard with closed eyes. I felt like I had been reborn. I felt terrific.
I glanced around my room. I could see every detail with perfect clarity. I circled the room, examining its contents. Stopping at the window, I flipped the latch and pushed on it. I was amazed that it actually opened. I was out of my body and yet had the ability to manipulate objects. I could even feel the warm breeze blowing against me. I walked to my bedroom door and tried to step through it without opening it, but I was unable to do so. I settled for opening the door and went into the living room. My father and sister were watching TV. I waved a hand in front of Serena's face. She didn't flinch. I blew on her bangs. She brushed her hand over her forehead. I continued blowing on her bangs. It was hilarious.
My dad got out of his chair and asked Serena if she wanted something to drink.
"Yeah, Dad, a coke please."
My dad went to the kitchen.
I wanted to walk outside, but I knew if I opened the front door it would freak Serena out, so I returned to my room and stood at my window. There was someone dressed in black standing at the tree line watching my house. Was it Murdoch? No, it couldn't be. He was in jail. Who was this other person? Fear snaked through me.
I wanted to return to my body and with that thought, I was immediately there. I got up and walked to the window. I didn't see the stranger. I dressed and went to the living room.
My dad and Serena were watching television. Serena started brushing her bangs. My father stood and asked if we wanted something to drink.
"Yeah, Dad, a coke, please," Serena responded.
"Roy, do you want anything."
"No thanks." I was amazed. It was as if time had reversed. The only thing that had changed in the scenario was me.
I decided I had an amazing gift. Returning to my room, I stared out the window, waiting to see if the stranger made another appearance. He didn't.
Chapter 18: Murder

All day, the same question replayed itself in my mind. How does Murdoch know so much about me?
Determined to find the answer, I knew I had to see Murdoch again. But how? He was in jail. I didn't think the sheriff would allow me to visit him, but I decided to try anyway. I jumped on my bike and rode to the jail located on Third Street, a block away from the Sheriff's Office on Second Street. A deputy saw me through the window and stepped outside before I could enter. "Stop right there, Roy Clawson!"
The sheriff and another deputy followed him outside. "What are you doing here, Roy?" Sheriff Tanner asked.
Slowly, I pedaled forward. "Could I have a word with you alone, Sheriff?"
"Sure, Roy." He glanced at his deputies and they walked back inside the building. I leaned my bike against the block wall of the jail and sat on the metal bench the sheriff motioned toward. 
"So, Roy, what is it you want to discuss?"
"Well, sir, I wanted to thank you for watching out for my safety and I'm sorry about the trouble I've caused you."
"Thanks, son for telling me that. I hope you understand my job as sheriff is to keep people like Murdoch off the streets. He's dangerous and you're lucky I showed up."
"If you don’t mind my asking, who did Murdoch murder?" I feigned ignorance.
"That doesn't concern you, Roy. Let's just say he's facing life in prison without parole."
"When will he go to trial?" I asked as if I didn't know the answer.
"Trial? Why, he's already been tried. I'm transporting him to the state penitentiary first thing in the morning. We can't take chances of him escaping again."
"But sheriff, doesn't he get to see his family and his lawyer?"
"Roy, he has no family. He made sure of that, years ago. This man is a brutal killer and I'll do everything in my power to make sure justice is served."
"Sheriff, may I talk with him before he leaves?"
"ABSOLUTELY NOT! Why would you want to talk to him, anyway? What did he tell you? You sure are curious about something that has nothing to do with you."
"Sir, I've never talked to a real murderer and I'm intrigued, that's all." I knew the sheriff suspected I was feeding him a crock of bull.
"Roy, count your blessings and go home. This will all be over tomorrow."
Frustrated, I hated the thought of not being able to confront perhaps the only person with answers to my strange life. I had to see Murdoch! Riding my bike back home that hot summer day I replayed the events surrounding Murdoch. If he truly was a killer he could have taken my life long ago. Nothing made sense.
Late that night while lying in bed, I stared at the poster of Amazing Man. The superhero feared nothing—nothing could stop him from a mission. I also had a power and I needed to use it. I thought about my mother's death, the dead man in the woods, my breaking into the school and hearing Murdoch's name mentioned. I thought about the secrets and lies, and my never ending frustration. In an instant, I was standing at the foot of my bed staring at my body. Leaving my body was becoming easier. I left my room and went into the living room. My father was whispering into the telephone. I stepped closer so I could hear what he was saying. Before I reached him, he hung up and rubbed the bridge of his nose. He looked distraught as he walked into the kitchen.
Now was my chance to slip out the front door. Slowly, I opened the door just wide enough to squeeze through. I turned and ran down the hill toward town. I pretended I was Quantum Man, another superhero, who was the fastest man alive. I had no fear of falling or hurting myself. I arrived in town and rushed toward the jail. Through the window in the dimly lit interior, I could see a deputy sitting in a chair behind a desk. I waited on the sidewalk in the shadow of a tall Cypress. There appeared to be someone standing in a darkened corner of the room. The person was dressed in white and wearing a white, full-faced, beanie. The lawman seemed oblivious to any presence watching him. In fact, he looked utterly bored with his elbow on the desk and his chin resting in his palm. When he reached for a pen and started writing something, the person in hiding stepped forward and slowly approached head on. The deputy appeared not to see anyone.
Suddenly, the stranger in white slipped behind the deputy and cast a rope around his neck. The terrified victim tried to fight what he couldn't see. After my initial shock, I started forward to save the man. The assailant looked through the window but continued strangling the deputy. I reached the door but it was locked and I couldn't see inside the building anymore. 
I felt helpless, yet intrigued. Was the killer even human? Unexpectedly, the door opened a crack.
What the hell is going on?
Terrified, I pushed the door gradually open and peered inside. The metal door across the room used to enter the cell block slammed shut and made me jump. I cautiously approached the deputy who was now lying on the floor and felt for a pulse. There was none. Stepping around the body, I walked to the cell block door and placed my hand on the doorknob, slowly turning it. I cracked the door a little and peered around it. No one was visible. I opened it a little more. I saw no one. All of a sudden the door was pushed back in my face and I jumped backward in fear.
Approaching car lights reflected through the front window, so I rushed to a darkened corner of the room. I supposed it was out of habit, because actually, no one could see me.
Sheriff Tanner's police car pulled to the front of the jail. When he entered and saw his deputy down, he unholstered his gun and turned swiftly in every direction. Then he rushed over to the deputy, checking for a pulse with one hand, but keeping his gun readied. He returned to his car and radioed for backup. Within minutes the jail was surrounded by local enforcement officers. Cautiously, the sheriff reentered the building and opened the door leading into the incarceration area. Knowing that no one could see me, I walked in behind him. The cell blocks were empty. Murdoch had escaped and there was a terrible stench in the air from the dead deputy.
Chapter 19: Escape

I could see how confused Sheriff Tanner was about Murdoch's escape and his deputy's murder. Of one thing I was sure, however, Murdoch hadn't killed the deputy. The person I had seen was much smaller than Murdoch. Had the killer released Murdoch from his cell?
Sheriff Tanner told his deputies, "I want the town notified about a mandatory meeting. I want the borders secured; no one comes in and no one goes out. I don't care about returning Murdoch now. Shoot him on sight. He cannot be allowed to talk to Roy. I'll visit the Clawsons and notify Roger of the situation. We all know what's at stake, and I don't want to take any chances. I want Murdoch dead!"
I was totally in the dark as to why Murdoch couldn't talk to me, and I knew I had to get home. I ran the distance and jumped back into my body. After that, I walked into the front room just as my father was hanging up the phone. He rubbed the bridge of his nose and then looked at me. "I just got off of the phone with the sheriff and he told me the two of you had a good conversation this afternoon."
"Where's the sheriff right now?"
"He said he was going to the jail to check on Murdoch, why do you ask?
"Because I want to tell the sheriff I don't think Murdoch is a murderer. I also want to know what you've been hiding from me all my life."
My dad looked stunned and I said vehemently, "I know about the secret meetings at the high school and that Murdoch is somehow involved, but that's all I know. What's with all the secrets?"
 "Roy, I can't explain right now, you've just got to trust me. Anything I've hidden has been for your own good. Please calm down, son, I don't like seeing you so upset."
"Why not, Dad? Are you afraid I might have an out-of-body experience?"
My father's jaw dropped. "Roy, what do you know about out-of-body experiences?"
"Plenty. They've been happening to me for a long time. I also know there are secrets in this town that I intend to uncover."
"Roy, son, please be careful about what you're saying. If anyone finds out, there will be problems."
"I want to know the truth and I want to know it now!" I shouted.
"Son, you can't handle the truth." My father turned his back on me and walked over to peer out the window.
"What truth can't I handle—that my whole life has been a lie? Listen, Dad, Sheriff Tanner will be here shortly to tell you about Murdoch escaping and that he's not to have contact with me."
Dad jerked his head around. "Murdoch escaped? What are you talking about? How do you know this, Roy?"
"Frankly, I know more than you think. Now the question for you to answer is why it's so imperative that Murdoch not talk to me?"
My dad stalked toward me and grabbed my arm. "We'll talk in your room."
My dad led the way and after we sat on my unmade bed, he said, "Roy, you do have a special gift and Murdoch will do anything to see that you never use it. Sheriff Tanner is on your side and only wants to make sure you're safe. He's trying to keep Murdoch from harming you. You have to believe me son. We're all trying to protect you."
"Why would Murdoch want to harm me and why all the lies?"
"Murdoch has killed many people and he's taken an interest in you because of your ability. Yes Roy, you do have a special gift, and if people knew about it, it would put you in grave danger. Like I said, we're trying to protect you."
"We? What do you mean, we?"
My father was silent, but finally said, "I can't explain yet, but there are others who know of your gift."
Time was running out, and I knew what I must do. I jumped off my bed, ran through the hallway to the living room, and out the front door. I could hear my father yelling in protest as I headed down the trail toward town. I arrived back at the jail after the deputy was killed and the sheriff was feeling for a pulse. I ran to the alley wrinkling my nose at the smell and waited in the shadows for the rear door to open, hoping I wasn't too late. The door opened and Murdoch stepped out. "Murdoch!" I whispered loudly.
"Roy, what are you doing here?"
"I want to know the truth!"
Murdoch grabbed my arm and we ran through the alley until we reached a trail leading into the forest. Murdoch followed the trail a short distance and then veered off into deep woods. Some hours later, we arrived at an old cabin hidden by trees and foliage.
"Come inside, Roy; this is my home. I know you have lots of questions and I'll do my best to answer them."
With trepidation I followed Murdoch inside and he closed the door. I sat in one of two chairs at a small table. The door reopened, but there was no one there.
"Don't worry, Roy. As you may have guessed, there's someone else here with us." The door closed by itself. It appeared that I wasn't the only one with a special gift for leaving the body. At that moment, I wasn't sure if I wanted to know the truth.
Murdoch settled into the other chair. He said, "I'm glad we're all here together. I only wish your mother could be here in person,"
"What do you know about my mother's death?"
"Roy, your mother isn't dead; she's very much alive."
"What do you mean? I saw her, she was dead."
Murdoch leaned forward. "The woman you saw wasn't your mother, at least not your real mother. Your real mother is in the room with us."
I was confused.
"Yes, Roy, your birthmother has the same gift as you."
A chill raced up my spine and I could feel the skin on my arms crawl. I barely croaked out the words, "Are you telling me that my whole life has been a lie and that my real mother is here now, outside of her body?"
"Yes, Roy, that's exactly what I am saying."
"Then where is her body?"
"We'll get to that later. She's been communicating with me for some time now."
"Why you?"
"Because, Roy, I'm your father."
Chapter 20: Truth

I'd wanted to know the truth for so long that Murdoch's words seemed surreal…and could I believe him?
"I felt a hand rubbing my back lightly and jerked around. There was no one there."
Murdoch said, "Roy your mother has to leave."
"Why?"
"I'll explain that soon enough." He made a waving motion. "Rose, sweetheart, you must leave. You've been too long out of your body."
The name Rose sent shockwaves through my body.
The front door opened and then closed.
Murdoch continued, "Twenty-two years ago people in Fairview were being murdered. Sheriff Tanner had just been voted in as the new sheriff and he was determined to find the killer. Your mother used her gift and witnessed a man in black committing a murder. She notified the sheriff of what she had seen, but he wasn't convinced. It was then that she confessed to having her special gift. After that the sheriff accused her of being drunk. Weeks later, he called for a town meeting. That night your mother went into labor with you. I called the doctor but there was no answer. Everything happened so fast…"
I could see this was an emotional memory for Murdoch.
He continued, "Your mother delivered you but was in terrible pain, and there was so much blood everywhere that I left the house and went to the town meeting to search for the doctor. When I arrived at the school, I had blood on my clothing and I was in a state of panic, afraid that I might lose my wife and son. The entire town witnessed me walking into the gymnasium covered in blood. The sheriff immediately escorted me out of the building. I explained that my son had just been born and that I needed the doctor. Sherriff Tanner drove me and Dr. Jenson back to my house. Rose was gone. You, my only child, had disappeared as well. I was devastated.
"Immediately, I was accused of murdering my pregnant wife and incarcerated in the town jail. Later, they tried to pin the killing of those two men on me, but no evidence could be produced. I was placed on trial for murdering Rose and questioned repeatedly about where her body was. The trial was rigged and I was found guilty, but they couldn't give me the death penalty because there was no body. The lead juror was Roger Clawson. Strangely, the Clawsons adopted a newborn son right after I was sentenced to the State Penitentiary.
"Later, to my surprise, your mother used her gift to help me escape a few days before my scheduled transport to prison. She wrote what had happened down so I could read it and understand. I discovered that she had been kidnapped and taken to a mental institution and our baby stolen from her. She had been placed in lockdown and it was only a fluke that an orderly forgot to lock her door one night. Using the opportunity she came to me. After I escaped, she made me promise to watch over you until I knew whether or not you were our baby. When you admitted to being able to leave your body, I was sure you were our son. It's only recently that the sheriff ordered your mother out of lockdown. I think he was hoping that when I found out, I'd break into the facility to free her physical body so he could capture me.
"And there's more. The two men who were killed had both reported witnessing a bright light coming from the high school. Your mother and I believe Sheriff Tanner is connected to the killings, and that your mother's gift terrified him because his secrets would be revealed.
"Roy, we don't know what this town is hiding, but we do know that your mother and you have a gift that scares them. Somehow, the Clawsons talked the sheriff into allowing your adoption into their family. The Clawsons appear to love you very much, Roy, but I don't think they can protect you any longer.
Chapter 21: Rose

I listened mesmerized by Murdoch's story. He concluded, "Your birthmother's parents died in a car accident when she was sixteen. She had no relatives and lived in foster homes until she was able to marry me at eighteen. Shortly after we married, she shared her out-of-body experiences with me. Together, we figured out that emotions triggered her episodes and gradually she learned to control them. Every time she left her body, we would talk about the experience to learn how to best utilize her gift. Several times she witnessed seeing a man in black watching her from a distance. She began to wonder if he had a physical body because she never saw him when she returned to her own body. And when she saw him murder that man, she knew he was evil.
"Your mother also has a keen sense for the smell of death. She couldn't even walk past the funeral home." He sighed. "I love your mother very much, Roy, and I'll do everything in my power to reunite our family. This is what you need to remember. Your mother saw the same light in town that the two men who were murdered saw. The mistake they made is in reporting it to Sheriff Tanner. No one can be trusted. Not even the law."
I asked, "Why did you tell Rose she was out of her body too long?"
"Roy, along with your gift there also comes a caution."
Chapter 22: Warning

Murdoch's revelations and warning triggered an onslaught of emotions and I suddenly left my body. He continued talking to my body propped in the chair. "Roy, son, I'm sorry this has happened to you. We haven't much time. There's something taking place at the high school that the sheriff and the townspeople don't want you or I to see."
I returned to my body and repeated my earlier question, "Why did you tell Rose she had been out of her body too long?"
Murdoch sighed. "When we first started experimenting with Rose leaving her body, she once stayed out for so long she almost lost her ability to return. The only conclusion we came to is that the element that leaves the body starts to think it doesn't have a body when it's separated too long. Your mother said there was almost no sensation of a connection to her physical self. Roy, have you ever felt that way?"
"No."
Murdoch reached a hand and touched my shoulder. Softly, he said, "I'm sorry to be the one to tell you that the people you believe you can trust are all part of some plot that involves you. We don't know what they're up to, or who they all are, but we do know that we have to put an end to whatever is happening at the high school. There doesn't seem to be a pattern to the appearance of the light, but it happens often and everyone seems to think it's nothing out of the ordinary.
"Roy, right now, I need for you to go home and pretend none of this happened. You have to continue your daily activities and act normal so you can investigate the high school whenever an opportunity arises. But remember, you can't trust anyone in this town. I'll continue to have contact with your mother, and when the time is right, we'll free her body from her enslavement at the mental hospital. Don't look for me, son, I'll find you."
Chapter 23: Deception

We waited until morning to make the long walk through the woods back to Fairview. Murdoch said he knew the forest well because he'd lived there a long time waiting for this opportunity. After hours of walking we approached my little house tucked away in the trees. We stood behind the tree line and watched some of the Sheriff's deputies keeping guard.
"Roy, tell them you were lost in the forest all night. Tell them you were terrified I would find you and kill you. They can't know that we've been together. They may not believe your story completely, but it will give them some doubts. We've got to buy time to find out what's really going on at the high school."
"What if my dad…I mean Roger…told them that I know something strange is happening in Fairview?"
"Roger loves you. I don't think he'd put you in danger. Now go, Roy."
"Okay, ah, Dad." I hugged Murdoch and then ran up the hill toward home.
"There he is!" shouted one of the deputies. The other deputy ran toward me and then Roger and Sheriff Tanner stepped out the front door and onto the porch.
Roger rushed toward me. "Where have you been, son? I've been worried sick."
"I left last night to find Sheriff Tanner, but when I got to the jail, I saw a deputy down. And when I heard some other deputies saying that Murdoch had escaped, I figured he was coming to kill me, so I ran into the forest to hide, but it was so dark that I got lost. I've been wandering around all night looking for home. I'm sorry, Dad. I should have listened to you and not left last night."
"Why were you looking for me?" Sheriff Tanner asked, sounding skeptical.
"I wanted to apologize about our last conversation and tell you that I believe you about Murdoch. I'm really sorry, sir."
The sheriff's face softened as he walked over and gave me a pat on the shoulder. "I'm just glad you're okay, Roy."
Roger put his arm around my shoulders and pulled me next to him.
Sheriff Tanner said to his deputies, "Let's go, boys."
After the enforcement vehicles pulled away, Roger grabbed my arm. "What the hell are you doing, Roy?"
"What are you talking about?"
"You know exactly what I'm referring to. You ran out the door last night after we had a conversation about Murdoch not being a murderer. What's going on, son? Did you see Murdoch last night?"
Chapter 24: Light

I denied seeing Murdoch and my dad didn't force the issue. He said that with Murdoch on the loose and a dead deputy, the entire town was in a state of panic.
Despite Murdoch's warning about Taylor and Matt, I still believed I could trust them. More than ever I felt an urgency to discover the cause of the mysterious light coming from the high school. 
The morning after my return home I walked to Taylor's house and together we walked to Matt's house. I told them everything that had happened with Sheriff Tanner, Roger Clawson, Murdoch, and Rose. Their eyes widened and their jaws dropped. After telling my story, I felt better knowing I had two friends I could share this craziness with. "Matt, Taylor, I'm going to the high school tonight and hope the light shows up. People have died or gone missing because of it."
Taylor said, "Roy, I know you want to help, but it's too dangerous."
"I know. That's why I'll be going out of my body. No one will even know I'm there. Taylor, I've got to understand this. I've got to know the truth behind all the lies."
Matt said, "Roy, Murdoch's got to know more than he's telling. How could he live in the forest for years and not know what's going on at the high school? If he's really your father and wanted to help you, why didn't he contact you years earlier? And why did he say your mother is alive, when my mother said Rose is dead?"
"Maybe he waited for me to grow up because he knew I couldn't handle the truth as a kid. Maybe he thought it would be too dangerous to talk to me sooner. And maybe your mother's wrong and Rose is still alive because someone touched me in the cabin. I don't know."
"It all seems fishy, if you ask me," Matt interjected.
I could see that Matt and Taylor didn't want me to go to the high school and they were doing everything in their power to keep me from going. Did they know something they weren't telling me? I thought back to Murdoch's warning that I should trust no one and suddenly I had doubts about them. 
"Roy? Roy? What are you thinking?" asked Taylor.
"Sorry guys, I was thinking that what you're saying makes sense. I need to go home and think things through."
I didn't want to suspect Taylor or Matt of being part of whatever was happening in the town, but I decided I couldn't take any chances with them. I rushed home and secluded myself in my room, awash in a sea of emotions.
The more I focused on the pain of not being sure I could trust anyone, the more I felt myself separating from my body. But now I had better control of my out-of-body experiences, so I kept myself together.
That night after Roger and Serena went to bed I finally allowed the separation and walked to the high school. As on every other occasion, I was unable to move through walls or anything solid. The one thing that was comforting, however, was that time stopped whenever I was outside my body. When I returned to myself, everything that had happened had not yet happened, but was about to. This gave me a great advantage because I could see things before they took place.
When I reached the school, I didn't see a light or anything unusual. The school was blanketed in moonlight and the night was calm. I took a seat at the top of the steps knowing that no one could see me. My hearing was getting sharper outside my body and so was my eyesight. A slight breeze rippled and I felt it everywhere on my bodiless body. I felt empowered and able to do anything. As I sat there, I remembered the window I'd broken years ago. I circled to the back of the school to look through that same window. Suddenly, a bright light shone from inside. I looked around and grabbed a rock to break the glass. Carefully, I lifted the window sash and crawled into the classroom, and then stealthily walked down the hallway. The source of the light was around a corner and I proceeded with caution.
I reached the end of the hall and peeked around the wall. In front of me was the closed door of the art room with brilliant light beaming from beneath the door. I felt drawn toward the light, as if it were a living thing. I grabbed the handle of the door.
Unexpectedly, I felt a tug on my shoulder and turned to see the most beautiful being I had ever encountered. It was Taylor. Her beauty was illuminated by the amazing light streaming from beneath the crack in the door.
"Roy, you must come with me quickly," she whispered in my ear.
I let go of the door and followed her to Mrs. Stewart's English classroom.
"Roy, will you listen to me carefully?"
I nodded.
"You don't want to know the truth."
Looking closely at Taylor, I could see in her eyes that she was scared. The only other time I had seen that same look was in Miss King's eyes. And she had disappeared.
Suddenly, the classroom was immersed in brilliant light and through the windows I could see the grounds bathed in that same brilliance. It was so bright that had I been in my body, it might have blinded me. The light was accompanied by an odd silence.
"Roy, we must leave now!"
I was so captivated by the brilliance I barely heard Taylor calling my name. She pulled my arm and we made it back to the broken window and climbed outside. Once on the grass, I saw that even the basement windows of the school shined brightly. The sight was mesmerizing. Taylor pulled me farther from the school until we reached sights and sounds that were normal.
We ran all the way to the trail leading to my house and continued until we reached the pond. Taylor turned and studied my face. "Roy, you've got to return to your body. It's much too dangerous for you to leave it. I'm in grave danger because I've deceived them, but it feels wonderful. This moment is worth more than a thousand lifetimes. It's what being alive is all about."
Taylor's words were confusing and she had to be out of her body, just like me. I said, "Were you born with the same gift as me?"
She didn't answer my question. Instead, she said, "I've got to return to my body, Roy! I'll explain everything after I do. I'll meet you at Matt's house."
Chapter 25: Attack

I returned to my body, jumped out of bed, and ran as fast as I could to Matt's house. As I approached his home there was a strong smell of death. The thought of Taylor being dead was unbearable. Slowly, I walked to the front door, only to see that the door was wide open. Cautiously, I entered the house, not making a sound. The stench was terrible. I held my nose and followed the hallway that creaked beneath my feet.
Outside Matt's door, I could hear him crying. Then he said, "Please stop!" My emotions became so intense, I left my body.
Slowly opening his door, I saw a man dressed in black holding Matt against the wall. I rush forward and pushed him away from my friend with such force he hit the opposite wall. I was stunned by my strength. The man recovered and stared at me with lifeless eyes. He was pale and gaunt, inhuman looking. He ran out of the house and into the darkness.
Matt had fallen to the floor and lay curled in a ball. He was weeping.
"Matt, are you okay?" He didn't acknowledge me. I asked again, louder. "Matt! Are you okay?" He still didn't answer. Then I realized he couldn't hear or see me. I returned to my body and stepped into the room. Matt was up against the wall. Then he fell to the ground. There was a huge crack in the opposite wall and I realized I was witnessing myself throwing the stranger away from Matt.
I said. "Matt, it's me, Roy."
He looked up with tears in his eyes. "Roy?"
"Yes, it's me."
He jumped up and threw his arms around me in a hug. "Roy, you have to leave now! Now, Roy! Now!"
"Calm down Matt, he's gone."
"How do you know? How?"
"Because I scared him off."
Relief washed over Matt's face.
I explained, "I saw him when I was out of my body. Not a very good looking fellow." Matt seemed to relax a little more. The smell of death was still constant.
I asked, "Where's Taylor?"
"I don't know. I went to bed after my Mom left for work and the next thing I remember is waking up and being thrown against the wall."
I looked around for any sign of Taylor. Matt's window was open and the scent of death was coming from outside. I told Matt to stay in his room and wait for me. Amidst his protests, I returned to the front porch and descended the steps to the yard. I walked around to the rear of the house.
"Roy, where are you going?" Matt called from the porch. I ignored him, determined to find the source of the smell. Cautiously, I entered the woods following the stench. I'd only walked a few feet when I saw a body on the ground with the moon's light trickling like a shadowy web all around it. It was a woman lying on her side, facing the forest. Chills coursed down my spine. Was I looking at Taylor? The smell was unbearable.
Slowly, I circled the body to see the woman's face. The moonlight wasn't bright enough for me to discern who it was. Holding my nose tightly, I grabbed her arm and pulled her out of the shadows and prayed, "Please Lord, don't let it be Taylor."
It was Matt's mother. Purple bruises covered her neck. She had been strangled.
Matt called for me again.
I walked back to the house.
Matt sounded like he was on the verge of hysteria, "Roy, where did you go? Did you see anyone?"
"I was just making sure the stranger was gone. Matt, I think it's time for you to tell me everything you know."
Chapter 26: Matt

We left Matt's house and he drove his car to our secret hideout at the wrecking yard outside of town. No one knew about this place except me and Matt. When we were kids we'd built a fort there out of car parts. 
"Matt, I need to know everything. I know you're scared, but so am I."
"Roy, you have no idea what they're capable of."
"Who, Matt? Who are they? And who was that weird man hurting you?"
"Roy, he could be anywhere right now. He could kill us at any moment."
I could see that Matt was deathly afraid and I knew there was only one way to relax him enough so I could hear the truth. While I sat in our hideout, I thought about Matt's mother so I could create an overwhelming emotion to catapult me out of my body. It worked.
I walked around the old wrecking yard looking for any sign of the mysterious stranger. No one was around. Then I picked up a stick and wrote in the dirt outside of the hideout "ALL CLEAR" in big bold letters, before returning to my body.
Matt kept his eyes trained on the entrance to our hideout, like he was afraid the man would enter. I said, "Matt, there's no one here. I left my body and checked the place out. Here's proof." I grabbed his arm and pulled him to the entrance to see what I had written.
He swiped his eyes. "Okay Roy, I trust that you've scouted out the junk yard." He inhaled a shuddering breath. "Everything I told you and Taylor at my house was true, but there's more. When I was a kid, my mom and Sheriff Tanner sat me down and told me that you were different from other people and that I was to tell them about anything unusual happening when we were together. They said that you're very important, but wouldn't tell me why. They also warned that if I ever told you about their conversation someone would hurt you."
He inhaled another calming breath. "When we were in the fifth grade and you talked about smelling death, I knew that was something I had to tell my mom. After I did, she looked really scared and said I was never to mention it to anyone. Whenever you started talking or acting weird, I told her about whatever had happened and she'd call Sheriff Tanner. He'd come over and I'd have to repeat it to him. Sometimes she made me meet with your dad and mom and tell them, too.
"The one thing I know is that the entire town knows you're different and they've been warned not to talk about whatever it is. There have been several town meetings that you never knew about and that my mother wouldn't let me attend."
I asked, "What about the light at the high school?"
"Everyone knows about the light, but they also know that anyone who talks about it could disappear or be found dead. Since Murdoch returned things have gotten crazy. I don't know anything more about Murdoch than you do, but I do know that everyone has been instructed not to speak about him or you. The sheriff is making sure of that."
He continued, "This sounds crazy, but my mother said that the people watching are not human and they can be anywhere, at anytime. She said she's heard them referred to as travelers. Roy, I think I figured out why you're a threat. You can see them when you're out of your body, like that guy at my house. I don't know what they want or why they're here, but I do know everything revolves around you."
I stared at Matt as things started to make sense. Maybe the reason Miss King had disappeared was because she knew I had the gift. Maybe she was trying to warn me about the travelers. Maybe that's why my mom was killed. And Matt's mom!
 I felt like I was drowning in emotions and separated from my body. Free of my body, I walked outside our fort. Someone was coming swiftly toward us in the moonlight. I recognized the inhuman looking man. Just when I turned to get Matt so we could run, I heard, "Saul, stop!" 
I looked to my right and saw Taylor. She shouted to the man in black, "Murdoch will kill you!" I glanced back at the stranger, who had stopped walking. I stared into his eyes. Suddenly, I felt energy coursing through me. It was unlike anything I had ever experienced. The best word to describe it would be "strength." I felt like I could take on the world as everything around me got smaller.
Something flickered in the man's eyes. Taylor stepped between us. The intruder turned and walked back into the junk yard. Taylor rushed over and threw her arms around me.
I returned her embrace. "Taylor, I've been so worried about you!"
"Roy, you must go home. I'll meet you tomorrow at noon, by the pond. You'll learn everything then." She gave me a little shove and then turned and disappeared into the night. I stepped back inside the fort and into my body. It was time to tell Matt about his mother and call Sheriff Tanner because there was no other choice.
Chapter 27: Rebellion

The next day I arrived at the pond a little before noon. The trees swayed in a soft breeze and the day was warm. While I waited for Taylor, I thought about what had happened the night before and how devastated Matt had been. Sheriff Tanner had decided Matt should stay with his aunt in Fort Carter while they investigated the murder.
I also thought about Saul. Why hadn't Taylor told me about him and why did she tell him Murdoch would kill him? How could Taylor know so much and not share it with me? How could she not tell me about her ability to leave her body? Was she a traveler, or someone like me? My thoughts were making me crazy.
I glanced at my wristwatch; 12:01. Taylor should arrive at anytime. I felt a hand on my back. When I turned, there was no one there. It had to be Taylor out of her body. I felt a small hand grab my wrist and urge me up from the stump. I allowed her to pull me into the dimness of the trees. When she released me, I sat on another stump.
Because Taylor was out of her body, I knew the only way we were going to have a conversation was if I was too. I closed my eyes tightly and conjured up a wave of emotions. Effortlessly, I left my body. Sure enough, Taylor was there smiling beautifully.
She said, "So…I see you're learning to control your ability very well." She had her arms folded and one leg propped on a rock.
"I certainly feel more in control than before. It's strange how I feel so strong when I'm out of my body."
"Roy, that's another part of your gift that will develop over time. I'm sorry I didn't tell you that we share the same ability, but I was scared. There is so much you don't know." She sat on the rock. "So ask me what you want to know."
"First, what is everyone trying to hide and how did I get this ability?"
"Fairview's population is mostly made up of people called travelers. Matt and his mother and a few others are the exceptions." She amended sadly, "Well, Matt's mother was an exception. No one has told you anything because they're afraid of becoming the next murder victim if they do. You're a gifted mixed-breed, Roy. You can leave your body without losing the connection to your physical self."
"What! Are you saying I'm part traveler?"
"Yes."
"Are you a traveler, Taylor?"
"Yes, a full-blooded one."
"Do you lose the connection to your body if you're out too long?"
"Yes. I have to use the light portal to move outside my body. Right now I'm in my traveler body. To return to my human body, I must walk into the portal. Roy, you've been born from a traveler and a human. You're a traveler experiment. They want to see if mixed-breeds have greater abilities that can be harnessed."
"What happened to Miss King, my fifth grade teacher?"
"She was a traveler that we believe was either trying to help you escape town or steal your body. We're not sure. As for what happened to her…she was terminated by Saul. Roy, every traveler that knows of your ability envies you, and some would do anything to have your body."
"How could they do that?"
"You can exchange your body with a traveler's as long as you're in the presence of the portal. That's how I received mine. Taylor's body was dying and she was in so much pain she gave me hers."
"Why do I smell death?"
"We're not sure, but it has something to do with being a mixed-breed. It's one of the ways we know a full-blooded traveler from one who is not."
"What would happen if I walked through the portal?"
"You would experience our world."
"Who murdered Matt's mother and why?"
"Saul killed Matt's mother because she knew too much about you from Matt. He was trying to kill Matt when you arrived. If humans were to find out about us they would destroy the portal. We need the energy of the light to remain in our human bodies. As for Saul, he's a traveler without a human body who has been sent to watch your every move. At one time he reported to Murdoch, but now he reports directly to the Guardians of our world."
"Who killed the old man that had been guarding the gymnasium door?"
"Saul killed him because he was an observer sent by the Guardians who changed his allegiance to Murdoch."
"Where is my mother being kept?"
"Roy, she's dead. Hannah was killed by Saul."
I exclaimed, "But I thought Rose was my mother!"
"Rose was a mixed-breed. She died in childbirth along with her baby."
"Who was in the cabin with me?"
"I was the one in the cabin. Murdoch didn't want to reveal that he's a traveler because he thought it would be too much for you to grasp at the time. He wanted you to first see the portal and then he'd slowly reveal the truth. Murdoch placed me in your life to keep tabs on you. When he was caught and put in jail, he knew I would free him."
"You mean you killed the deputy!"
"Yes. I had too. It was to protect Murdoch and you."
I recoiled. "Taylor, the deputy was an innocent man and you murdered him!"
"No, Roy, his name was Rotan and he was a traveler. He manipulates humans into giving up their bodies to travelers."
"Is my sister, Serena, a traveler?"
"No, she was born to Roger and Hannah before Roger became one, but she knows about you and Roger."
"Is Sheriff Tanner a traveler?"
"Yes. He's the overseer of the portal in Fairview. He's here to watch over the town and report all happenings to the Guardians. Murdoch has gotten in the way and that's why Sheriff Tanner has the authority to return him to our world. The last thing the Guardians want is for Murdoch and you to expose their existence. Murdoch was high ranking in our world and volunteered to monitor the experiment with mixed-breeds, but he rebelled. Now that I've joined with Murdoch, the Guardians want to return me to the other side, too. Roy, the reason Murdoch and I are willing to turn our backs on our own race is because to be human is to feel love. And Roy…Murdoch and I love you."
A voice commanded, "That's enough, Taylor!"
Murdoch stepped out of the woods.
Chapter 28: Discovery

Murdoch stood in front of us. "Roy, what Taylor says is true. I'm sorry I didn't tell you everything, but I was afraid you weren't ready for the truth."
"Why did you tell me my birthmother was Rose?"
"At the time it seemed more sensible than revealing our alien origin and Rose being a mixed-breed. How would you have reacted if I'd told you travelers are entities who need a human body to sustain them in this world, and the portal allows them to obtain those bodies? As Taylor already told you, she was given her body because the former owner was dying. I explained to the original Taylor that if she walked into the portal, she would begin a new life free of disease in another world, and the body she gave up would become whole in the trade off. She agreed. She was happy to exchange places."
"I could have left my body and seen it was Taylor in the cabin."
"That's why she was only there for a minute and I told you she must leave or lose her body, which was the truth for Taylor, but would not have been for the real Rose. If you had seen Taylor, I would have told you the truth about Rose."
"Are you my birthfather?"
"No. Roger Clawson is your birthfather. He's a traveler, but your mother, Hannah, isn't. The original Roger wanted to experience another world, but your mother refused. She did agree to the experiment though. I told you I was your father to gain your trust so I could save you from the Guardians."
"How did you get your body?"
"This body belonged to a man named Murdoch who was tormented. He had returned from war and couldn't deal with his life in Idaho so he moved to Fairview. He met and married Rose. At the time, I only had a traveler body so Murdoch couldn't see me. I followed him around and when I realized he intended to commit suicide, I wrote a note telling him about a new life waiting for him through the portal. I didn't know if he would believe me, but he went to the high school one night to check it out. When he walked into the portal I was able to exchange places with him. After I received his body, I helped many travelers into this world by finding human candidates.
"But being in my human body made me understand what it is to love. I fell in love with Rose and when she died giving birth to our child, I broke away from the Guardians. Roy, I want to save your world. If your ability to separate from your body at will, as well as survive without the energy received by entering the portal was understood and replicated, it would speed the invasion of your planet. No longer would travelers have to remain in close proximity to light portals."
Taylor said, "I've been out of my body too long. I have to return." She then gave me a quick hug and ran into the woods.
Murdoch continued, "Roy, the reason I urged you to go to the high school the other day was because I wanted you to see the portal for yourself. After all, you are part traveler and not all of our kind are evil."
"But why did Taylor keep me from seeing it?"
"She's very protective of you and afraid you're not ready to experience a different reality. But I know you are. The portal will reveal many secrets of the universe."
Softly, I replied, "All I ever wanted was to know the truth."
Chapter 29: Beginning of the End

That night, I met Murdoch at the high school at eight. I had to see the portal.
Murdoch said, "Roy, there's nothing to be afraid of. I can't explain what you will experience, as there are no words to describe it. I do know, however, that what you have been searching for all your life is there."
We walked down the stairs to the lower level. I could see a brilliant light streaming from beneath the art room door. And like before, silence blanketed the air. My attention stayed fixed on the light. It was like a magnet and I was the metal. It was so strong that I stopped trying to resist its power. I grasped the closed door handle and began to turn it. One good turn was all that was needed to open the door. The brilliance of the light absorbed my intangible body and then…
Chapter 30: Truth
Back to the Present

The sharp cry of a bird brought my thoughts back to the present. I no longer felt panicked. Yes, my life had been strange, but that didn't mean Murdoch was really a traveler from another world, or that I was the son of a traveler and a human. The man was just a crazy escaped convict, like Sheriff Tanner said, and my overactive imagination had brought on a nightmare.
I flung the covers off and leaped out of bed. When I opened my door, I could hear voices. I ran down the hall and into the kitchen. My dad and Serena were talking and sipping coffee. I ran to my dad and gave him a hug.
He jumped back! "Please don't hurt us."
Serena started crying.
"Dad, it's me, Roy."
He didn't reply.
I rushed into the bathroom and looked in the mirror. No one stared back at me. I finally knew the truth. Murdoch now had my body with all its abilities.
Epilogue

Rose said to the others, "My son has been tricked by his father. Now he knows the truth of the travelers' world…wandering without a body. We're no longer alone, he will lead us.
About the Author

Eric Clay makes his home in the Southwestern United States with his wife and two children. His hobbies include boating, photography, and now writing. He has often been accused of having an overactive imagination, and he readily admits to the truth of that. He enjoys anything having to do with science fiction, the paranormal, or solving mysteries.
Alone is his debut novel.

Eric's email is ericcly@gmail.com


