







For my family

Contents
Aperture	3
Death	6
Pretense	12
Wounded	21
Paranormality	32
Awakening	39
Orientation	46
Murder-suicide	56
The Red Orchestra	69
Crash Course	79
Practice	88
Resurgence	98
Juno	106
Secrets	112
Aperture
 The great Calamity of the 21st century was never seeing it coming in the first place.
 My uncle, of dearest and constant, musty, pine-needle scent, would swear that the world would always end with a bang. Of course, he was right, but not in any way that he might have imagined. The culmination of years of bloodshed and disorder throughout the years gave way to the slow decent of an iron embedded rock blotted out by the glare of the sun as it gradually built up speed and hurdled towards the little blue marble that we called home.
Romantic?
Maybe.
Deadly?
Also a slightly more affirmative maybe.
The Cataclysm was never being able to admit that we had made a mistake. By the time the first bits of rock began to glow and frozen pockets of gas burst into flames as they rubbed against the outer layers of our atmosphere, a series of preplanned events had already been put into motion by a shadowy cult working behind the scenes. Years of dedicated deceit and concealed manipulation by organizations across the world had done more than our best to stop them, however our planet never ceased to exist. The Earth didn't stop spinning. Life went on.
We were the ones that had changed. For all intents and purposes, the world as we knew it had come to an end because our fate had been sealed, because we had failed to guard against malignancy during the most valuable pieces of time that had ever come to pass. And none of it could have been done without her.
Zoey was the Catastrophe of the second millennium. She became a tragedy that no one would ever be able to forget. Her face, forever preserved as a picture frozen in time, burned itself into the retinas of every man, woman, and child. The details of her life became ingrained on the surface of each beating heart, pulsating so deeply as to sink a gut feeling perfectly designed, pruned, manufactured and delivered to serve a single purpose: Fear.
For little Zoey, the day that started it would have begun like any other, but it wasn't until her mother slowly cracked open the door and tiptoed into her bedroom that all life was set to change. Had the woman known the truth of what lied ahead, she might not have ever pulled the blinds open and let the morning sun spill over onto her only daughter, the single best thing that had ever happened to her. She might not have leaned over the small shape underneath the covers and kissed the porcelain cheek of the greatest love of her life and embraced her delicate form, whispering over her ear. 
“Wake up, sweetie. Do you remember what day it is?”
Zoey merely stirred and let out a gentle breath while her mother ran a hand through her dark hair, pulling a wisp away from her face.
“Go ahead and get dressed... I'm making your favorite.” She gave her arm one last squeeze and made it back to the door when Zoey called back for her.
“Mom...”
She stopped in the doorway and turned to stare at the cute little girl now sitting up, barely conscious as she rubbed the last of the night from her dreary eyes.
“Happy birthday.”
She couldn't help but smile. “You too, sweetie.” It was easy for her to wonder what the odds were to have gotten the best present year after year, but that wasn't something that Zoey paid any special attention to.
After just turning eleven years old, the fresh smell and sight of blueberry pancakes slid just beneath her nose as she took a seat at the kitchen table was much more interesting.
Her father joined soon after, hugging her from behind. “Happy birthday, pumpkin.” He kissed the top of her head and happily accepted the cup of coffee that was handed to him by his loving wife. “And you...”
Zoey absentmindedly watched the two lean over the counter for each other.
“It's good to have you home.”
“Not as good as it is for me...”
She watched her mother smile and they kissed again, her father taking a moment to sit and sip from his mug with a new sense of ease about him. She couldn't understand why he hadn't stayed home more often. Everything was always better when they were together. Why couldn't they see that?
The thought slowly faded away like her breath of warm air against the cool window of their sedan as it sped down the highway in the dew-filled morning. Her father caught a glimpse of her in the rear-view. “Do you remember where we're going, honey?”
This year they had promised to take her to the city. It was as good a place to die as any, really. She wouldn't know until the very end, of course, but the idea of being surrounded by hundreds of thousands of other human beings during the last moments would have been comforting. If she could have just seen the souls of those around her, felt their distant warmth and reassurance press in on her own, maybe she wouldn't have felt so alone.
The time finally came as her parents waited in line in the heart of the sprawling metropolis. Zoey looked towards a crowd. Her fingers passively slipped away from her mother's and she slowly drifted towards the commotion, only stopping to peer up and gaze at a square block column of compressed steel and concrete reaching into the sky above her. She peeked back at the men and women next to her, but couldn't quite figure out what everyone was looking at. Finally, one of them pointed and she traced the line into the clouds above her neck.
The first undeniable sign was the intense flash of light. The sudden intensity blinded her for a moment and burned a colorful blob into her eyelids that she had to blink away furiously. Then she saw it. Just above the horizon, a small speck of dust grew larger. It shimmered as it drew closer, the entire sky seeming to vibrate as it was pulled towards the ground. Another abrupt explosion burst the first light into smaller pieces that rained down from the original, but the crowds were star struck. They were powerless to do anything except watch.
Until the sound hit them.
The massive wave of pressure slammed into every building and bored down into the streets below like cracks underneath a storm surge. Zoey immediately threw her hands against her ears and dropped down onto her knees, screaming as the pain in her ears reverberated through her body and punched a hole inside of her chest.
She looked up to see the sudden anarchy that began to unfold around her in complete silence. She could see bodies scramble over each other in an attempt to get away, anywhere from the source of their new agony. She could see mouths open wide as others screamed for attention, for help, for warning, but nothing made it past the hands around her head. She had been thrust into a completely new world of her own, where the only sound she felt came from the vibrations within her bones.
Bodies knocked into her. They tripped over her and she began to cry. All she wanted was the relentless bombardment to end. She wanted her mother to hold her hand, to feel her embrace, but it never came. Instead, the ground shook and viciously tossed her forward as her hands met the concrete. She looked up and could see the source as ripples of tension exploded out of each floor in the building above her.
Suddenly, as each beam began to collapse under the weight of the immense strain, a green flame tore through the side of the structure and perturbed its delicate balance. An engulfing shroud of debris bellowed outwards and covered her last sight of the sky as metal, rock, and glass began to fall towards her. Her head immediately swung as she struggled to find some sort of protection: a larger rock, a car, a body, anything.
The building.
She sprinted and took off after the crumbling shelter. If she could just get out of the street, any piece of the lobby would be safe enough from the missiles that started to crash and splinter into the ground around her. She kept running even when a man covered in soot crossed her path and reached out for her. She held out her hand and could feel the cold texture of steel as an entire lattice brushed against her knuckles and forced his existence to expire in an instant.
The impact threw her away and she doubled over on to all fours. Her hand and arm began to burn, but she fought on. She looked up and struggled to blink the grime past her blurry vision. The lobby was just in sight. She could see a small crowd gathering inside behind shattered windows to stare at the scene in disbelief. She could see the cameras trained on her body.
The footage rolled.
The pictures were taken.
Zoey stood up and took a step, yet no sooner had her body moved than it stopped abruptly. She tried again, but nothing worked. She fought to breathe and the only air that had been left inside of her lungs heaved out from her in an uncontrollable sigh. She was so close, yet she was kept still. Why couldn't she move? She reached a hand out to see blood trickle down her arm in streams of ebony, but it wouldn't go any further.
Then she knew.
The numb realization began to dawn on her as a paralyzing agony ebbed its way throughout her entire chest and down into her abdomen. She still couldn't breathe. She couldn't even stand, but something kept her upright. She leaned forward and could see the opaque, subtle reflection of glass in front of her face as she stared into the shard that had pinned the entire core of her body into the ground.
The survivors in the building, only a matter of feet away from her, began to watch her die, and she watched them. She saw a few started to cry. Others forced themselves to look away while a small patter of blood began to drip from her lips onto the screen below. Even as her lungs continued to burn and her vision slowly faded, she finally managed to catch the eyes of the one she had been looking for, and she started to cry—not only because she was afraid—but because now she could see that her mother was too.




Death
I closed my eyes and let the sun spill over my face. I could feel the harsh warmth bore through my skin, each pore splitting open under the pressure of the light, every single stream forcing its way down like pin pricks in a cloth held up against a bulb in a scorching hot room, a bone dry, soot covered prison that went on for miles in every direction.
I couldn’t take it anymore.
I dropped down onto my knees and let the rest of my body slouch over limp. I knew that there was nothing left in it. There was no energy to speak of. It was just an empty shell that had gotten me so far, but that was it. I was done. I was letting go. I cracked my eyes open to peer down at what was left of me and I realized that everything could stop. I wouldn't have to fight it anymore.
“Tess...”
Nothing.
“Jessica.”
I nearly flinched as Zach put a hand on one of my shoulders. Out of the sunburnt pair, he really couldn’t have picked a better one.
“You gotta get up.”
I peered ahead to see the horizon again, everywhere. It never ended. It was either a rolling hill or a flat plain void of anything that had even dreamt of moisture, a perpetual machine lined with lifeless blades of grass that cut and blistered and followed us everywhere we went. “And go where?” My voice cracked. It felt just as dry and cynical as I how I’d made myself out to be. I grabbed a handful of the parched dirt that was slowly killing us and watched it cascade effortlessly through my fingers.
“Forward...”
Dumb answer.
“Just keep going forward.”
Fine. Don’t mind the kneeling corpse. Please tip as you pass by.
“Tess, come on.” He grabbed my arm, twisting the sensitive red skin that I refused to deem possible, and I shoved him back.
I wanted to scream at him, to tell him that this wasn’t fair, to tell him that every square inch of skin felt like boiling water, but I couldn't. The words caught themselves in my throat. They were easier to think than to say out loud, admittedly, but they finally managed the struggle “I can’t...”  
He grabbed me by the arm again and I shrugged him off.
“NO, I CAN’T.” I stared right at his dumb, tan face and stupid, baby-blue eyes and darkening stubble.
Handsome bastard.
I would’ve cried right there in front of him if my body could have managed it, yet he only stared right back, his eyes slightly narrowed. If he was trying his best to be patient, then he’d lose.
He glanced at the horizon before looking back down at me again, this time worried. “How are your feet?”
I looked away. I didn’t want to do it again.
He unslung his M4 assault rifle from his shoulder and set it on the ground. “Let me take a look.”
I gave in as he gently sat me down so that I wouldn’t have to put any weight through my legs. I watched him kneel in front of me and I couldn’t help but shut the world out again. I didn’t want to see. It was always worse once I saw it. I could have sworn that my imagination was supposed to get the best of me, but somehow reality always found a way to make it worse.
Always.
I could feel him trying to slowly pull off my slip-on shoes and I tried not to shake. They would have started out as simple strips of canvas as they rolled off of a factory line halfway across the world run by starving kids, but now they were hundreds of miles past their prime. I couldn’t even remember what they had originally looked like. I sneaked a peek to see him stop at my socks colored charcoal and blotted with red, when it dawned on me that those at least were supposed to be white.
He took a slow breath as soon as I caught his stare. “This is probably gonna hurt.”
He was right.
I automatically winced and jerked my foot back as he accidentally grazed the heel with the tip of a finger, the pain quickly diminishing as it shot up through my skin.
“Sorry.”
I thought he might have expected me to yell at him. I hated when he looked at me like that. He seemed so sad. It made me wonder what I must have looked like.
He started again, this time slower. “One more time?”
I gave him a nod as he began to roll up the sock from the base of my ankle, careful not to press too hard and stopping for a moment every time I pulled back. I tried not to fixate on the notion that he might as well have been rolling up my skin, but after baring my teeth and a few more excruciating seconds, he finally managed to pull the last piece over my toes and held on to a wet inside-out piece of fabric with a blank look.
I couldn’t wait anymore. I had to ask while I pretended the ground next to me was much more interesting. “How bad is it?”
He took a moment to think about it. “Can you feel it?”
I should have hit him. “Yeah, I can feel it.”
Jerk.
“So how bad is it?”
He stopped staring. “I’ve seen worse.” I couldn’t tell if he was lying or not, but it didn’t matter, because he asked for the next one, patting his knee. “Number two. Come on.”  
We quickly got a handle on the pair and somewhat air dried my feet, his hands only pausing to reach into his pack to pull out two tea-sized packets of sugar. I wasn’t sure what to make of it.
 “You’re not gonna eat me with that, are you?”
He shook the packets at my face. “How could I, Tess? You’re already so sweet, like... all the goddamn time.”
Bastard, again.
He propped my foot up and tore one of the packets open. “Sugar’s a natural antiseptic. It’ll help you heal faster and fight off infection. And take some of the pain away.”
“You’re making that up.”
“Sure, because I’ve always wanted to do this...” He dumped the packet on my open sores and held my foot down while I tried to yank it away. “But,” he added. “It’ll still sting.”
I tried not to dwell on that as he moved on to the next one. “Thanks.”
Once he finished seasoning my feet, he went back to scavenging from his pack and pulled out a white undershirt, getting to work ripping it into strips.
“You’re not gonna need that?”
I was surprised to see him smile and even manage a short laugh. “No, Tess, I’m not gonna need it.”
I wondered how that worked and tried not to stare at him again, but even that proved to be too much work. I finally gave up and tossed my head back against the ground, closing my eyes. I couldn’t understand how I had gotten so far, so I assumed it only meant that the end must have been close. I thought about it while he wrapped me up. “You should just leave me here.”
“You know,” Zach started, tightening the knots around the soles of my feet and forcing me to catch my breath. “I would, but now you’re wearing my favorite shirt.” He got up again, slung his pack and M4 back onto his shoulders and left me lying in his shade. “Come on.”
I opened my eyes. He wanted my hand. He wasn’t gonna get it.
“We have to get out of the sun.”
“What’d you have in mind?”
He didn't say anything, so I assumed that I wouldn't enjoy it. He grabbed my arm without warning and pulled me up onto his back, holding my legs so that he could give me a piggyback ride. I felt like I should have expected him to do something like that, but his tenacity to put anyone else first was always surprising.
I tried my best not to let go and we set off like that, Zach carrying me on his back while I inevitably dozed off on his shoulders. We began repeating the familiar motions to make the best time, but the effort seemed almost pointless as the hot ball of death continued to rise up into the sky and twist over us, hours on end.
The labored breathing and rhythmic movement pressed against my face quickly lulled me into a daze where random thoughts seemed to wash over like nothing. I tried not to lose myself in the memories of the past few weeks and leaned my chin against the small nook of his back, only to hear a sound that I hadn’t been familiar with for quite a while.
I stared across one side and let my eyes glaze over as I tried to understand why he was laughing. “What’s so funny?”
I could feel his shoulders shake and finally relax while he muttered underneath his breath. “Is this how you imagined our first date would go?”
The words managed to make me smile and crack and splinter my lips. I wiped the small beads of blood against my arm and stared at the new stain.  It was a sign that I was still alive, but even that was slowly starting to fade away just like us.
More or less...
Towards the end, the only shade we found was when the sun went down. We stopped for the last time just as the hills gradually began to tint orange and crest. By that point, we had been without food for longer than I thought we ever could. The utterly captivating physical and mental exhaustion had manifested itself in every step. It was a tiring darkness that blanketed every limb, poured itself through every single vein and stabbed its way out of the body and onto the world in search of its next victim.
I laid on the ground, motionless, fully enjoying any cool breeze that washed over my blistering skin when Zach hit the ground faster than he should have. He struggled to try and catch his breath. Surviving for two invariably took its toll one way or another and he would end up on the edge just like I had; only by that time, the only thing I’d be able to offer him would be a short glimpse into the future.  
He leaned on his forearms and stared at the ground in protest. Giving up wouldn’t be as easy for him. “We’re almost there... It’s gotta be close.”
I raised a hand over my face and stared at the random dots that started to surround it, not fully able to comprehend what he was even saying. Finally, I could hear him gather the strength to stand up just as night starting rolling in again.
“I have to move on ahead.”
I looked over at him. That one had registered with me.
He frowned and dropped his pack. The rifle followed soon after, his arm slack as he dragged the gun across the ground by the strap before kneeling in front of me.
A familiar surge filled my chest and I had to sit up. I couldn’t remember the word, but the feeling was too strong. It would be too late by the time I realized it was panic.
“I have to.” He put a palm against my cheek and ran his thumb past my nose, a short smile on his lips. It was all he could do to comfort me, but it wouldn’t be enough. “If I go now, while it’s still cool out, I can probably cover two—maybe even three times the ground. I just need to find it.”
“No...” I leaned down, but he pushed my head up again and pressed his forehead against my own.
“Tess. You’re gonna be okay.”
 I wanted to cry, but nothing would come out. How could he have possibly expected me to survive on my own? “Please… Please don’t…”
He tore himself off of me and pushed the rifle onto my lap, guiding my hand onto the forward receiver. “Just remember what I taught you.”
“Zach...” I grabbed his arm and he gently pushed it off to pull a canteen out of his bag, the last of our water barely audible as it sloshed against the sides, which was closely followed by a small ribbon that he tied around the butt stock of the gun. Even under the silvery moonlight, I could tell it was a soft baby blue. I couldn’t believe he kept it.
“I should be back before dawn. It’s yours if I’m late.” He shouldered his pack, but I still didn’t understand what was going on. I didn’t want to believe it.
“Wait.”
He stood up and I reached out for him like a baby holding on to its new bottle and grown-up, man-killing pacifier.
I didn’t know what else to say. I should have stopped him.
“You’ll be okay.” He flashed a quick smile, fooling himself, then turned and walked off into the distance.
 I tried keeping my eyes on him as long as I could, but I couldn’t tell when I’d finally lost sight of him. He blurred into the darkness along with my last chance of survival.
And just like that, I was alone.
*
Zach never came back.
I recognized the familiar heat radiating on top of my body, but there wasn’t anyone to help me, to carry me, or to keep me alive. I lost everything, including my will to live. I would have died right there in the dirt. I should have, but I didn’t. Even under the comfort of my own eyelids, I could see something blot out the sun that forced me to open them again. I couldn’t believe it.
“Sarah?” The word crawled out of my mouth like a crumpled up piece of sandpaper, my throat so dry that it hurt to breathe. My vision was still too blurry to make out the details, but the form and resemblance were uncanny.
“Mom, look!” The young girl kneeling over me managed to peel her eyes away after soaking me in. “I think she’s hurt.”
I stared back at her, confused, until I finally realized it wasn’t Sarah after all. I had barely pieced the information together when an older woman knelt down next her.
“Don’t worry...”
I glanced down to see wrinkled hands as the woman squeezed my arm and held on to it.
“You’re gonna be okay.”
Immediately I thought I was surrounded by my mother and sister. I could feel my heart begin to burst as I realized why I was even still alive. “Zach…” I tried getting up and fought against the hand that held me back down. “Zach!”
“Shhh, honey, you need to stay quiet.”
I reached for the assault rifle by my side and shouted for him again. The alien voice that came out felt like theft, but it drove me to press on, to separate my mind from my reality.
Further away, a pair of voices started shouting at us. “Hey! What do you think you’re doing?”
The older woman brushed the girl aside as I leveled the gun behind my back and leaned my weight into the metal.
The voices continued to get closer.  “Who is that?”
I managed to take a knee when the woman grabbed the girl and shielded me from view. In between them, I could just make out two men walking towards us with rifles raised.
“Please,” the woman stammered. “Please don’t hurt her.” She started to shake, but she stayed with me as the men stopped just in front of us.
“Move!”
 I couldn’t understand why she was protecting me. I wouldn’t be able to watch them get hurt. She shook her head. “Please… Please, just leave her alone. You don’t have to do this.”
The closest man aimed at us and I racked a bullet in my gun, flicking the safety off.  “I’m not gonna say it again...”
And he wouldn’t have to.
I stepped out into the open and fired, screaming from the bottom of my lungs. Every single vice that had been bottled up inside of me came out right then and there. The gun kicked against my shoulder, sending a shockwave down my spine and dust into the air. I fired again and again, each time explosions rocketed out of the end of the barrel that ended up as puffs of smoke that kicked up dirt.
The woman threw herself over the girl as the two men, completely shaken at being fired upon, started to recover and brought their weapons up and started shooting back, but I wouldn’t stop. I couldn’t. I kept advancing on them. I screamed even louder and kept shooting as bullets whipped through my hair. I didn’t recognize the sound that was coming out of me until one of my rounds finally hit its mark.
Then it stopped.
I kept pulling the trigger, but nothing happened. The moment barely registered in my mind as a searing pain stabbed its way near my chest. I spun half a circle and hit the ground with the taste of blood in my mouth. The immensity was defibrillating. I couldn’t breathe. It felt as if every single fiber of my body gave out at once like a cracked whip.
The pressure in my chest threatened to tear me open. I could only stare at the blades of grass in front of my face as my vision started to cave in around me. I barely noticed the inaudible shouting or could even care as someone grabbed me by the back of my shirt. I could only lie helpless, being dragged across the ground, unable to control my own body when it dawned on me that even though I was surrounded by other human beings, I was dying alone.

Pretense
Things were different before The Crash.
After the world relived the same death countless times through their reflective screens and forethought, the fear began to set in. It drove the public at large to act irrationally and make split-second decisions when it was exactly the time to slow down and do the opposite.
But before society began its self-fulfilling collapse, a young, blundering college student who listened to EDM and went to too many clubs would first have to feel the fear for herself. Even before she could truly understand what it meant to be lost, she had to feel the same insecurity rise up from her gut and fester into despair, because soon it would be her turn to die.
Too bad I had always been good at letting everyone down.
It was only a few weeks after the first headlines when I came home from my summer job and slammed the front door behind me in comparatively good spirits, only to end up frowning at my reflection in the hallway mirror. I rubbed a finger underneath an eye and tried imagining just how talented I must have been to make my subtle attempt at makeup look like a small child had thrown a box of crayons at my face. Fortunately, I stopped thinking about it as soon as I walked in on my little sister, Sarah, reading a book in the living room.
She glanced up at me nonchalantly. “Hey.”
“Aren’t you supposed to be in school?”
She shook her head. “Bomb threat.”
Right…
I set my keys down and let the next thought slide. I doubted the police would even get a chance to look into it with how busy they had gotten. Apparently they weren’t the only ones.
“Since when do you read?”
She shrugged. “I read.”
Sure ya do.
I noticed she might have changed a bit from my last semester at school, sporting a different hairstyle, a little less chatty, maybe even a few inches taller, but I couldn’t believe for a second that the spastic little girl I knew and had grown up with could ever sit down quietly long enough to read a book. The two just didn’t jive. “So what’s his name?”
She shot me a small death stare and I couldn’t help but grin as I walked into the kitchen.
Bingo. On the nose.
“What makes you think it has to be about a guy?”
“Nothing.” I walked back out and stared at her, taking a swig of juice straight from a carton and biding my time. “Is he cute?”
She slowly peered up at me before pretending to read again. “Maybe...” She hesitated for a moment, unsure whether or not to open up and provide me with ample ammunition. She really shouldn’t have. “He asked me out.”
“Sooo he lost a bet?” I threw my hands up just in time to block the book that served itself better aimed at my face.
So much for reading.
Sarah frowned. “No.”
“So what’s wrong with him?”
She gave me a face and let it go, tucking her legs up to her chest and resting her chin on her knees. “We’re supposed to go downtown. Didn't you hear what they were saying about it today?”
“Probably...” I had already taken my phone out and was still on auto-pilot. My brain had yet to decide if I should pay more attention to her. I also wasn’t sure if that place could even surprise me anymore.
“They said they might bring in the National Guard.”
Guardsmen. Curfew. Protests. The internet. It so happened to turn out that the kids in the 60’s weren't the only ones that would get all the fun.
She stared past the wall for a second, probably thinking about the inevitable. “Maybe they’ll lock everyone up.”
To be perfectly fair, Sarah was just a few weeks from graduating high school, but she was still my little sister, so it was perfectly justifiable for me to insult her whenever I wanted. It was character building, really.
I set the carton down. “Not everyone—just you—because you suck.”
That got me a pillow thrown at my face and the incredible response of, “You suck.”
Naturally, it was on.
I grabbed the pillow and got ready to smother her. “Hey, when you start applying to schools, are you gonna let them know how ugly you are on paper or just surprise them in person?”
“I don’t know. What did you do?”
I smacked her with a fist full of feathers and she wrestled me down onto the floor, almost breaking a glass vase on the table next to us in the process. If parents didn’t have them for decoration, then it had to be an early warning system for when their kids weren’t up to anything good, in which case I should have taken all those leftover pieces over the years and displayed them as trophies.
After a few seconds of two immature girls squabbling with each other on the ground, I finally managed to get on top of Sarah and keep her hands down, pinning her wrists against the floor.
She tried to catch her breath and blew a puff of air at my face, giving up. “Jerk.”
“You’re a jerk.”
Before we could keep going, our dad came in through the front door carrying a mountain of grocery bags. “What are you girls doing?”
I kept Sarah on the ground. “I’m teaching your daughter a lesson.”
“Then teach her to quit screwing around and help me.”
We let each other go and reluctantly helped our dad bring in copious amounts of canned fruits and vegetables, lining them all up in the kitchen.
Sarah spilled a few bags until she finally found what she was looking for. “Hey, ice cream.”
 I pulled up a chair and grabbed two spoons, licked one, and stuck it to her forehead. I laughed and took a scoop of fake strawberries as she tried to see how long she could keep the metal stuck to her face. “You’re such a dork.” I dropped the last bag on the kitchen counter as my dad came in. “Hey, did you raid the homeless shelter or something? You know we don’t eat this much, right?”
“Really?”
I couldn’t help but laugh, even if he was trying to be sincere. “Yeah.”
“Really…” He put down his groceries.
Oh damn. Now it's serious. Let’s see what you got.
“You know, your mom and I could have gotten a horse instead of you two. We probably could have saved money on food.”
I presented my sister as she dug into a jug of ice cream. “Don’t even try and tell me you could replace your breathtakingly beautiful, although inferior, runner-up daughter.” He couldn’t help but grin at that one so I picked out a random can from the pile. “I mean, do horses even eat beets?”
“They do what they’re told.”  He stole Sarah’s spoonful for himself and swiped my can in between a mouthful of ice cream. “Even the non-runner-ups.”
Touché. Well played, old man.
 He took another scoop. “Where’s your mother?”
“Still at work, I think.” I saw those familiar lines appear around my dad’s eyes and forehead again that made him look at least a decade older. He was usually pretty relaxed, even after living in a house full of women and putting up with our crap all the time, but I could tell something was bugging him. “You okay? We’re not planning on spending the rest of our lives in the basement, are we?” I was happy I got him to smile.
He opened his mouth just as Sarah interjected from the living room, her voice suddenly solemn. “Hey…you guys should see this.”
I followed my dad to see Sarah standing in front of the couch, fixated on a live news broadcast on the television. It was a shot of the city, the words ‘KNOX PROTESTS’ superimposed on top of a rally. It was a heaping crowd walking, chanting, throwing bottles and tipping cars. The camera quickly zoomed out to show the worst of it, the focal point glowing and smoldering in unyielding strength.
“What are they doing?”
My dad was the first to answer, his voice echoing the apprehensive and unsettling feeling that started rumbling up through the bottom of my belly “They’re burning books…”
“Why?”  
I realized the anarchy unfolding on the screen in front of us couldn’t have been more than a few miles away from our house when I tried to snatch the remote from Sarah's hand, but she held it back. “It's 'cuz they're idiots. They don't know what to do, so they're just taking it out on everyone else.”
“Sarah,” My dad quickly called for her attention. “Call mom. Find out where she is.” She barely got a question out before he stifled it back down. “Just do it.”
“Okay...” She pulled out her cell and walked out, leaving the two of us to stare at the screen like we'd all become accustomed to over the past few days.
Watching the scenes unfold felt surreal. It was almost like someone had flipped a switch and suddenly everyone had to find a target to pin all the blame on to. Maybe if they had read some of the books that they were torching, they might have noticed that doing so usually didn't turn out so well.
The view of the camera suddenly switched to a close-up of a man covering his face and he tossed a garbage can through a store window to everyone's applause. Another jumped on top of a barricade and swung his hand into the air, leading the group into a chant.
I couldn't help but think about the little girl that had died on camera, but she wasn't the only one, and it couldn't even have been anything more than an accident. I eyed the face on the screen and it seemed to stare back at me with impunity as if we were both looking through a window.
You got our attention... So what are you trying to do?
“Tess.”
I managed to tear myself away from the visceral scenes in front of me and looked up at my dad.
“We’ll be okay.” He put a hand on my shoulder, the same one that would end up taking a bullet in just a few short weeks. The woman that would find herself operating on me without any anesthetic would later go on to tell me that I had screamed hysterically while she struggled to keep me still and labored against a piece of metal that had forced its way through my body, but even before any of that happened, I would squeeze the hand on top of my shoulder and give my dad a smile back.
“I know.”
*
I opened my eyes.
I was on a cot in the corner of an empty tent, but the thought of my family was still fresh in my mind. The aged, white cloth walls around me were stained with dirt and something else I didn’t recognize.
Blood.
Something had happened.
I tried sitting up and immediately an inflexible part of my shoulder pulled me back like a rubber band in dry cement, the pain making me wince reflexively. I had almost forgotten about that.
I redoubled my effort, this time rolling onto my side first and sitting up while trying to keep my back straight. By the time I managed that, the small blanket that had been on top of me had slipped off and I noticed a narrow tube embedded into my arm which was connected to a bag of clear liquid hanging above my head. I tried pulling the line out, but the tube tugged on my skin and hurt too much.
“Don’t do that.”
I looked up to see the same woman who had found me earlier now standing at the entrance.
“I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to scare you.” She placed down a bundle of clothes and hurried over. “It’s just that you might hurt yourself.” She crouched down next to me and pulled the tube out of my arm in a single, quick motion without making it hurt at all. “How are you feeling?”
She stared at me, studying my face, and I returned the favor. Her hair was curling at the tips from constantly being damp and had lighter streaks from countless hours of sunlight. Her face was worn and she had large bags under her eyes, but she was surprisingly beautiful.
I cleared my sore throat and tried to think of something efficient to say in as little words as possible. “Fine.” I motioned to stand up, but she put her hands on my shoulders and gently lowered me back down onto the cot.
“Honey, hold on. You’ve been through a lot. You’re gonna have to take it easy. I wouldn’t go pushing your luck as it is.” She put a hand on my bandaged shoulder and checked to see that the wrapping was still dry. “You were already half way dead from dehydration when we found you. You’re lucky you didn’t lose too much blood, not that there was much to hit, anyways. When’s the last time you had anything to eat?”
I would have told her, but I couldn’t remember. She ran a hand through my hair and looked at me that way again. I felt like I was eleven years old.
Zoey was eleven...
“Listen to me.” I brought my focus back to the woman as she grabbed my hand. “What you did was incredibly brave, but really, really stupid.”
I thought back to the guns, the shooting, the little girl, and I had to clear my throat again. “Where am I?”
“You’re safe, that’s what’s important.” She gave me a quick reassuring smile and a little squeeze. I guess I didn’t mind the feeling, but I had to break it.
“I was with someone...”
She nodded slowly, patiently expecting me to continue, but I couldn’t. The pit in my stomach got heavier and it made me nervous just thinking about it. I let her finish the thought.
“We didn’t find anyone else.”
I could feel the knot in my belly twist over itself again. I had to convince myself that he was probably okay. He should have been. There had to be at least a million reasons why Zach would be better off than me and I was still alive.
“What about the guys…” I started. “With the guns?”
The woman’s eyes darted to the side for a moment, then back onto me, but this time I could tell that she wasn’t sure of what to say. “They’re... still here…”
 I didn’t understand. She was scared of them when I saw her. They had the guns. They were threatening us. They were the bad guys. Why were they still here?  
Before I could even get a chance to ask, somebody called for her. “Martha!”
She quickly threw the blanket back over my chest. “Whatever you do, don’t fight them. Please, just trust me.”
 I let the blanket fall off of me. With everything that I had been through over the last few days, I was too tired to lift it back up. Being half naked in front of a stranger just didn’t seem to matter anymore. She quickly pulled it back onto me and forced my hand on top to keep it from falling.
“Martha!” A middle aged man with a short beard and worn suit stormed in and stopped halfway through, about to yell again when he noticed me.
I blinked right back at him.
“She’s awake?”
Martha turned her back to him, pretending the clear bag of liquid above us was more important. “I would say so.”
The man took a step closer to me, sizing me up and down, but it was different, almost like he was looking at a car.  I pulled the blanket closer to my neck. It was uncomfortable.
“How is she?”
He kept staring and Martha turned back with pursed lips. “It was a small caliber and I didn’t have to dig it out. I patched it up as best as I could. She should be fine.”
I waited as the man took a moment and walked on over.  “What’s your name?”
I didn’t say anything. As far as I knew, I didn’t have a reason to.
He eyed me curiously and clapped his hands, looking around for something.  “Okay…”  I could see Martha steal a glance at me as the man walked over to a chair, but I couldn’t tell if she approved or not. He started rummaging through a pile of torn, dirty clothes until he pulled out a wallet.
“Jessica Carter,” he said, staring at my driver’s license. He paused, looking back at me to say, “It’s a pleasure, by the way.” He referred back to the card. “Twenty-one years old, green eyes, organ donor, and…” He put my wallet back. “Beautiful. You’re a long way from home, Miss Carter. I can only imagine what you’ve had to go through to make it this far on your own.”
Actually, he couldn’t, because I was never on my own.
“But,” he said, “Where are my manners? You must be starving. If you’d be so kind as to get dressed and meet me outside, we can go get you something to eat. How’s that sound?” He looked at me, smiling.
I couldn’t tell why I didn't trust him, but I still didn’t say anything.
He clapped his hands again. “Lovely. Martha, would you care to join me?”
I looked at her. I didn’t want her to leave, at least not until I could have asked her about him, but she stood up, only pausing at the entrance as the man held the tent open for her.
“There’s fresh clothes for you on the chair, honey.”
They left me alone and not sure of what to do.
I looked at the entrance and thought about running the opposite way. I could have slipped underneath the side of the tent and been gone before they could realize what had happened, but just the thought of bending over like that made my shoulder hurt. I put a hand over the spot and tried to massage it a bit. I needed to eat. I needed water and they were offering it to me. I was still alive, after all...
How bad could they be?
I stood up, light-headed, and tried not to fall over as I hobbled on my scarred feet. I wouldn’t be putting miles on them anytime soon. I put on my new clothes and noticed that I could think clearly enough to tell what was wrong with me. At least that was progress.
I reached over to my wallet and pulled out an old monochrome photo strip of me and an ex-boyfriend taken on a date when we had been at the pier. It was stupid. We had split up a long time ago, but I had neglected to get rid of it and I was always too embarrassed to carry around a picture of my family. For some reason that was supposed to make up for it.
I crammed the picture back and grabbed my dead cell phone. If I could find a charger, then I could at least use it as a light. I reached into a pocket and it dawned on me that at that point my life had boiled down to a phone that I couldn’t even turn on and clothes that I had just gotten from a complete stranger. I grabbed my driver’s license on a whim. Everything else I had was useless.
By the time I stepped outside, Martha was gone. I looked around and tried to keep the sun out of my eyes, but all I saw were a series of white tents like the one that I had been in. I felt like an ant stuck in a checkerboard.
The man in the suit looked down at me, already having put on a pair of sunglasses. “Don’t you worry about Martha. There’ll be plenty of time for you to thank her later.” He held out his hand. “The name’s Ryan, by the way.”
I could see a gold wedding band on one of his fingers. There was still a small tan line in front as it had slipped closer towards his knuckle over time. He must have been human, after all. I shook his hand.
“I promise you’ll be safe here, Jessica. I have men patrolling the perimeter every hour.”
Just like the guy I shot earlier?
He peered down at me through the lenses. He must have known what I was thinking. “They told me what had happened, by the way.”
I couldn’t see his eyes, but for some reason it intensified my guilt.
“He’ll be fine. Fact of the matter is, they should have never raised their weapons. You were delirious, alone, scared, and it just made a dangerous situation even worse.”
I looked past his face, not really sure how to respond to that, but he gestured towards a dirt path.
“Please, after you.”
Out of everything that could have bothered me, the only thing I thought about was that he had called me by my whole name. My little sister had seen to that. I was utterly conditioned to hate it. When we had both been younger and she had been too cute for her own good, she could never pronounce it right. ‘Tess’ had always stuck. Even my friends and family were used to it. Sarah's vengeance would not be bound by neither time nor space.
I followed Ryan along a barbed wire fence and instantly regretted peering through the chain links to see the vast fields that I thought I had gotten away from, while on our other side were rows after rows of the same tents. We stopped at another one, this one twice as big as the rest, and he led me inside. It looked like an empty mess hall with tables and chairs barely organized into columns. It was always felt strange for me to walk into a place like that when it was meant for so much more. I just felt like the last person on earth.
Ryan walked around and pulled a chair out for me in the middle of the room, holding his arms out to either side. “Welcome to Camp Maxwell.”
I could feel my heart skip a beat. It was exactly what Zach and I had been looking for. I had to fight the words out and clear my throat. It was still too dry and felt like gravel. “Where is everyone?”
“Fucked if I know. They were gone by the time we got here. Didn’t stop them from leaving most of their shit behind, though.”
I slid into a seat as he went off to the side and searched through a few crates. Coming to terms with the idea that Zach had gotten me so far alive only to be too late was daunting. “Did you find anyone else?” I could feel the question hang like a loose thread as I waited for Ryan to come back with his arms full.
 “No.” He flopped plastic bags and water bottles down on the table in front of me. “But I’m guessing this was all military, maybe FEMA. It would explain the MRE’s, the tents, everything.”
“Why'd they leave?”
He shrugged. “My guess? They’re cowards. They couldn’t take the heat or stand up to clean their own mess.” He offered me food and a bottle, and stared as I inhaled a prepackaged muffin and took the longest, most amazing drink of water in my life.
I wiped my mouth with the back of my hand. As far as I was concerned, acting feminine or chivalrous went out the window with paying taxes, but I still had to talk to people. At least a little. “I don’t know...” I tried to think of something else to say without making prolonged eye contact, but I didn’t want to tell him that I thought he was wrong. “Thanks for helping me.” Hopefully that was good enough.
He nodded.  “So what did you do?” He waved a hand through the air. “Before all this, I mean.”
I played with the piece of plastic in my hands, listening to it crinkle instead of talking. For some reason I almost felt embarrassed about my past, not even because I regretted doing anything, but because I felt like I could have done more. “School...” I smiled, not really sure of what else to say. I hadn't even known what I went to study for. “I worked retail, but...” I shrugged. “I wanted to be a writer.” I peered up at him sheepishly and was surprised to see him smile.
He knocked on the table. “You make it through the next few years, Jessica, and I’m sure you’re gonna have a lot to write about.”
He actually had a point. I had never thought about it that way before. Too bad I wasn't any good at it. “What about you?”
“Nothing terribly worthwhile, I’m afraid.” He shrugged the question off and handed me an apple. “Still hungry?”
I grabbed it, not entirely sure if I wanted to eat or if I just felt sick, but my hand stopped with it half way to my mouth. I slowly lowered it back down and the familiar knot in my stomach followed it like a shadow, my eyes setting back onto Ryan. “Where’d you get this?”
He locked his fingers together and rested his hands, his ring clinking against the wood. “I’m sure you knew we aren’t the only ones out here.”
I looked at the piece of fruit in my hand. It seemed perfect. It was completely smooth and the only vivid source of vibrant color that I’d seen for miles, but it wasn’t just food that I would be able to taste. It was like I was holding onto a piece of something bigger. For the past few days, it was a sign of life, of water, of food and maybe even of other people. As long as someone I knew had a chance of finding the round piece of life in-between my fingers, then I couldn’t give up on them. Not yet. Even if it was just a chance. If Zach...
I had to try.
I slid the apple back over to Ryan and stood up. “Look, thank you—for everything—but I have to go. I’m sorry.” I turned without looking back and started making my way to the entrance.
Zach had to be alive. What if he was still out there, barely strong enough to move? I pushed that reality aside. It was almost overwhelming. I couldn’t bear to think about the possibilities, but my mind started racing. Every motion that I would have to go through to find him started rearranging itself in my head like a giant jigsaw puzzle, though I didn’t need to see the whole picture. I only needed to get to him. Yet just as fast as it had manifested itself, the loose pieces were torn apart and thrown about into an unrecognizable mess.
“Jessica...”
I froze. I had stopped just in front of the entrance when a familiar pounding started to race through my neck. Would he try to stop me if I made a run for it? I slowly turned back to look at Ryan and saw that he hadn't moved an inch. It didn't help to calm me down.
“How long do you think you'll last out there by yourself?”
I opened my mouth and he immediately cut me off.
“You know what I think?”
I barely shook my head. I wasn't sure if I would be able to answer him even if I wanted to.
“I think you don't have a choice...”
I had barely turned around by the time I ran into a chest. I craned my neck up to see a man wider than the entrance with a rifle slung behind his back. I tried to squeeze past and he grabbed me by the waist. I fought against his grip and screamed for help as loud as I could, but nobody came.
Or nobody cared.
He shoved a hand over my mouth and I bit into the flesh of his palm, forcing him to curse and throw me back into the center. I scrambled to my feet and brought my head back up just in time to catch a fist with my skull, the world quickly crashing back down to meet me until it ended in a dizzying blur. My face hit the dirt. I couldn’t get up, not after that.
The warmth immediately began to wash over me as my body went into overdrive to react to the blunt force trauma. I stared at the ground with the taste of blood in my mouth and could hear feet step around me. I could see Ryan come closer through my peripheral until I closed my eyes from the pain. I wanted to cry. I really just wanted to give up and ball like a baby, but for the second time in a row, the water works just wouldn’t run. It made the physical pain worthless. I felt so helpless.
“Turn around, Jessica.”
 I didn’t.
“Please…”
I turned and opened my eyes to see Ryan straddling a chair that he had dug into the ground around me, narrowly missing my arms and legs.
He stared down at me blankly. Then finally, “Why do you think you’re here?”
I didn’t know what he wanted me to say. Hell, I didn’t even want to say anything. At that moment I just wanted the world to disappear.
“Jessica…” He paused. “You’re going to become a whore.”
I closed my eyes. Now the tears were coming.
“I promise you won’t get hurt if you do what you’re told, but I can’t promise you anything as long as you don’t do exactly as I tell you. Do you understand?”
I let the tears run down my cheek and burn my skin. I must have gotten cut. I sobbed and tried to wipe the salty water off, nodding my head.
“Good.” He sat there for a moment, just a few inches above my body as I’d long gone lost my composure and let my nose run, my tears now fresh on a worn-out face. “We leave in three days.”

Wounded
I thought about my mom. I thought about my dad and Sarah. How had they seen me? Daughter? Sister? I realized how effortless it was to lose sight of my own identity within daily life, but when I became grounded to my past, it always seemed to come back. And at that moment it was simple: I was not a sex slave.
I wiped my nose with the back of my hand and got up from my cot. My eyes and nose felt puffy, probably still red, and a burning pain continued to throb through the side of my face. I felt emotionally spent, like a void had built up inside of me as soon as my insides came crashing down and absorbed into oblivion. It was an interesting feeling and I’d always been surprised at how clearly I would be able to think afterward. It didn’t matter if it was because I’d gotten yelled at for stealing a pack of gum and balling my eyes out at the mature age of twelve or getting into a heated argument after school and slamming my door shut, crying, being pissed off. Once it had all drained away, my actions had become clear. So it was clear to me that I had to leave. I had to find Zach.
I gazed around my new home, my familiar little tent. I realized that things were different now. In this new world, this harsh, unpredictable universe where other people tried to take advantage of you and there wasn’t a simple phone number that you could call to get help, it simply wouldn’t hurt to have something sharp.
I grabbed the wall of my tent and rubbed the soft fabric in between my fingers. The problem was I didn’t have anything to work with, but I made a mental note to remember that a giant piece of cloth and dry air would probably make a good fire if I ever got my hands on something to start one.
I stared at my cot. It was the only thing left when I came back. I slowly walked over and bent down to check underneath the frame, careful not to twist or excite any of the muscles near my neck in any way. It was a metal, solid piece of work with nothing loose or extendable to pry off, but it gave me an idea.
I dashed the front flap of my tent to the side and stepped out into the open, the last waning rays of light hitting me as they broke across the horizon. I took a few steps to the side and followed a guy line made of nylon as it passed through the top of the tent and then down into the ground, securing it in place. I had used to trip on them all the time when I had gone camping with my family.
 I pulled on the line, eventually ripping it from the ground and grabbing onto the anchor, a long, metal, pointy spike. I tested it against the palm of my hand and carefully watched the tip press in on my skin. Any harder and it would puncture. It would definitely work.
Satisfied, I threw the extra slack of rope back onto my tent before cleaning off the improvised weapon on my thigh and tucked it into the back of my pants, underneath my shirt. If I did everything right, then I wouldn’t even have to use it.
If I did everything right.
I wasn't even sure where my feet were taking me as I placed one in front of the other, but it didn't matter, because it didn't last long. One look at the outside fence and I quickly learned that I wouldn’t be getting out that way. It was at least ten feet high with another foot and a half of barbed wire that faced outward at a forty-five degree angle. I grabbed onto the thick chain links and let my fingers poke through while I looked off into the distance. I was in the middle of nowhere. Even if I managed to make it out and somehow found Zach in time, where the hell were we supposed to go?
 I pulled on the fence and was surprised to feel it shake. A sudden vibration rattled my hands and the sound of rusted metal hit my ears from a few ways down. I let go and could hear voices in the same direction. I started walking towards the commotion and checked to make sure that the spike was still tucked in the back of my pants. It shouldn’t have made me feel safer, but the sound of hearing someone shout again was putting me on edge. I stopped once I reached an opening.
Two armed guards rushed to swing a gate open as a third man covered in dirt dragged another across the ground and into the camp.
He dropped the motionless body and tried to catch his breath. “Hey!”
A wave of guards ran past me and stopped just short, the first with his weapon raised. 	“He needs help—“
“Drop the gun!”
He glanced at the rifle slung on his shoulder and was knocked across the face before he could even move. His falling body knocked up dirt that immediately caught itself in the air and his ribs received another butt stock for good measure.
“What the hell do you think you’re trying to do?” The one in charge disarmed him and pointed at the wounded man, ordering his crew. “Get him to Martha.” They quickly did as they were told and ran past me again. The leader followed from behind and took a second to finally notice me.
I couldn’t look away. I swallowed hard and could feel my muscles tense up along my arms and down into the balls of my fists as he walked towards me, but he let it go and passed without incident. Witnesses weren’t anything anymore. I was nothing. I watched the poor guy that had been left behind push himself back onto his hands and knees.
He spat on the ground and a crimson line of liquid stretched from his lips. His reward, no doubt, for helping one of the men that had taken us hostage.
I surprised myself and stretched out a hand. “Are you okay?”
He slowly glanced up at me and I could see his red stained teeth. They stuck out in the middle of his dirty face and matted, brown hair. The old me might have looked away, maybe even made a face, but now all I could think about was how tired he must have been.
“Yeah…” He grabbed my hand and I tried pulling him up, only to have both of us stumble over the combined weight. “Where'd you come from?”
“It's a long story.” I let him lean against my good shoulder as he grabbed his side and winced. I didn’t think he would do any better on his own. “I think you need help.”
He grunted at that and spat on the ground again, almost pulling me over.
I could feel the added strain tug on my bandage and a sharp pain shot up through my neck towards my collar bone. There was no way we could both stay standing like that.
“Got any good ideas?”
 I glanced up at where the guards had run. “Not really.” I was betting I could follow them to Martha just fine, but I wasn’t sure if the rest of the men around her would be exactly beneficial to our well-being. Still, better that than nothing. “Come on.”
We struggled to move. Each step had to be a careful balancing act as to spare him from his own pain as well as to keep the strain off my shoulder.  I took the moment to stare at his face, inches from my own. We had nothing in common except that we were both hurt and being held captive, yet he might as well have been my best friend for all that it mattered.
We pushed each other back towards the maze of tents until we could hear voices again and painstakingly shuffled our way inside what I guessed was the correct one, the struggle finally paying off to see Martha surrounded by the men that had just past us.
One of them turned to gawk, but he didn’t seem to care.
I sat Jeremy down onto an empty cot and carefully lowered his back to watch him grimace. I wasn't sure of what to do with my hands. I turned to watch Martha work on the wounded man that had been brought in. I didn't understand why I ought to care what happened to him, but the hovering group continued to press.
Martha shook her head and put a hand on the wounded’s neck, pushing someone back and shouting over everyone's questions. “His pulse is too low. If we can’t stabilize this bleeding...” The rest of her words trailed off as she looked up and everyone else slowly followed suit. All the sound in the room was sucked out in an instant.
I swiveled to find why and immediately regretted seeing Ryan stare back. He stood in the entrance and looked everyone over before eventually taking a step towards the small crowd. “I don’t suppose anyone would care to explain to me what the fuck is going on here?”
One of his men walked forward only to get poked in the chest.
“Not you.” Ryan pushed him to the side and peered down at the bleeding man. “You.”
I took a step closer to see the pain on his face, a pale mess covered in smudges of blood that ran around his sunken eyes. A gaping wound flooded the top of his stomach, too big to be covered by a single rag, while a torn piece of flesh hung from a side as if it were a simple, wet, raw piece of meat. I couldn’t guess what could have caused that kind of damage, especially once I saw the set off deep paralleled lines embedded into his skin.
Claw marks.
The man tried to catch his breath as a non-sympathetic Ryan took in the wound.
“You might wanna hurry up.”
His breathing quickened and turned shallow in response, forcing any words out by their end. “Sh—she—she’s here…”
We all looked back at Ryan to see his reaction, but he only narrowly furrowed his brow. “Who?”
The man reached up against his blazer and smeared a line of blood across the patched fabric, dropping his shaky hand just in time for Ryan to catch whatever he had held up. His voice came out coarse and dreadful. “J-Jessica...”
I could feel my entire body tense at the sound of the word.
What?
I dared myself to look around the room, yet if the name meant anything to anyone, nobody showed it. It must have just been a coincidence. Maybe the man was just delirious or there was another Jessica besides me. It could have been anything. I had to remind myself that Ryan was the only one that knew my name, anyway. At least, Ryan and...
Martha.
I glanced over in her direction and was actually relieved to see her do the same. It seemed that she didn't know what was going on either.  After all, I had never met the bloody man on the cot before. I had nothing to do with him.
Ryan continued to stare down at his cupped hand and stood motionless, revealing just the top of something small and shiny. He barely lowered the tiny object, about to say something, but quickly changed his mind and surrounded it with a fist.  “Get him the fuck out of here.”
He tried to step out just as one of his men grabbed him by the arm. “Hey. What the fuck is he talking about?”
Ryan shoved him back. “I said, MOVE.” He pointed at Martha as soon as she opened her mouth. “You're done here.” He caught my stare but said nothing as he stormed outside and his men reluctantly followed in silence.
They lifted the wounded man away and he questioned where they were taking him, though nobody was able to give him a clear answer. They treated him like, what? Nothing? A bad sight?
Was that what I had to look forward to in the new world? Certain death followed by silence? I didn't want to believe that everything I had known had devolved into survival, to pick and choose who to care about otherwise risk falling apart, but it didn't matter. The people on my side had already been chosen for me. Ryan had seen to that.
“Jeremy?”
I turned back to see Martha step over to the man that I dragged inside and I made a mental note to remember his name.
She glanced over at me, this time much more worried than she had been with the first. “What happened?”
It felt like it was my fault. “I-I don't know.”
Jeremy looked up and gave her a blood stained smile. “Hey, Mar.”
 She pulled his shirt up to show us dark purple blotches along his entire side and swore. “Jesus, Jere.”
“Hey, at least I opted out on the belly button ring.” He smiled again and Martha caught his lip with a finger, but he nudged it off. “Don’t worry, that’s just how they said hello, first.”
She put her hands on his chest. “Any trouble breathing?”
“Are you kidding? I’m surrounded by beautiful woman.”
She frowned at that. “Jeremy... I need you to take deep breaths.” She put her ears to his chest and listened for what to do next before spouting over my shoulder. “Amanda, I need water and ibuprofen, aspirin, codeine, whatever we have left.”
I glanced back and was surprised to see the little girl that had found me in the field. I must not have noticed her earlier. I wasn't sure what to say.
Thank you for saving my life so that I could get raped at gunpoint?
Or was that too much? I decided to keep it simple. “Hi.”
We stared at each other until she was prompted again to run off and find what we needed.
Martha quickly continued with Jeremy and pressed her fingers into the dark colors in front of her, gauging his reaction. I could only guess what she was looking for.
I didn't want to get in the way, but my curiosity got the best of me. “What happened?”
Jeremy winced every time she continued to prod, so he answered in shallow breaths. “They needed help carrying some supplies, so we split up. I heard somebody shoot. That's when I found him...” He hovered a hand over his stomach, unsure. “Bleeding...I didn't really think about sticking around to find out why.” He clenched his jaw again. “It was probably a bear or something.”
“A bear...” I started dryly.
In the middle of nowhere.
He took a moment to peer at me. “Okay, yeah, I don't know then. Nothing good.”
Martha let herself breathe. “Well, as far as I can tell, you've fractured a rib or two, but I don’t think they’re broken.”
“That sounds nice,” said Jeremy, staring down his belly. “Can you wrap it?” He gave her a short grin and she flicked his forehead with the tips of her fingers.
“No, I can't wrap it. Do you really want me to risk putting extra pressure on this so that you can bleed into your lungs?”
“Umm...” Jeremy moved back, trying not to twist his side as he lifted his arm to stop the assault.
“Do you?”
“What the hell?”
She threatened to hit him again.
“No—”
“Then what in God’s name did you think you were doing? You nearly scared Amanda half to death and then come back looking like this? Do you have any idea what that does to someone her age?”
“I was trying to find a way out.”
“Then what?”
“I came back?”
“Really?” She almost laughed in his face. “Did you count on getting debilitated in the process?”
He thought about it for a moment. “Well, debilitated is a strong word...” She raised her hand again and Jeremy followed suit, pointing at her. “Don’t you dare.”
I tried not to get in their way or make eye contact, but the fact that I was standing just next to them made it pretty much impossible.
“And what about you?”
Shit.
I looked up to see Martha bore her eyes into my soul. The words almost stumbled out of me like a little girl. “What about me?”
“I thought I told you to get some rest? You need to keep your bandage dry otherwise you might get an infection. Instead you’re dragging this masochist through the dirt.”
“Hey,” Jeremy started. “I'm not a—” Martha threatened to hit him again and he pulled back. “Whatever. Fine.”
Luckily, I was spared from the rest as Amanda interrupted with some water and a pill bottle. Martha handed Jeremy the pair and stood up. “Take one of these every twenty-four hours and don’t do anything stupid.”
He squinted down to look. “That can't be on the label.”
“Jeremy...” Martha cooed.
He ignored the rest and raised a hand towards the little girl. “Hey, Mandy, you keep an eye on everything while I was gone?”
Amanda nodded and gave him a high-five. “Are you okay?”
He gave her a face. “Oh come on, you know it'll take more than some dirt to keep me down, right?”
“Yeah...” She quietly ran her foot across the ground.
 Martha automatically put a hand around her reassuringly and tossed a clean shirt over Jeremy's head. “Put this on. I’ll be back in a few minutes. If you're lucky, then that man is still alive and you won't be blamed for bringing him back here to die.”
Jeremy snorted. “Yeah, if only...”
Martha told me to watch him before leaving with Amanda and an empty void instantly filled their space.
I watched Jeremy struggle taking his shirt off and I couldn't help but stare at his exposed skin. Faint, thin lines of muscle rippled across his back and sides, while pale scares and fresh bruises lined his tan stomach. Apparently I wasn't the only one to have an eventful last few days. I accidentally caught his eyes and looked away, refraining myself from asking if he needed any help taking his clothes off.
He must have noticed my bandage as I gingerly rubbed my shoulder in an attempt to pass the awkward silence. He held his pills out toward me and shook them. “Have you met my friend, Roxie?”
'Roxie' Roxicet: oxycodone and acetaminophen conveniently wrapped together in familiar little white pill form.
He tilted his hand and I could feel myself hang on indecision. Given the circumstances, I was damn lucky for a girl that had just gotten shot not too long ago, but foggy memories seeped their way back into the forefront of my mind as I peered at another orange bottle that didn't belong to me. I had to remind myself that I had learned about just as many things outside of school as I did when I had actually gone to class, prescription pain killers being one of them.
I kept my hand still and shook my head.
“Suit yourself.” He popped a pill and glanced over my shoulder. “You think she’s gone?”
It took me a second to realize that he was referring to Martha. I let the question stretch itself for a moment, lending towards the obvious. “Yeah, probably...”
“Good.” He grunted and struggled to get up from his cot.
I put a hand on his shoulder. “Hey, she said not to go anywhere.”
He chuckled and clenched his side, immediately regretting it. “Yeah, the guys with the guns said the same thing. You gonna listen to them too?”
 I glared at him and grabbed his arm, this time pulling him up without trying to be gentle.
“Wait a sec...” He sat back down and opened his bottle again, downing another two pills. “Alright.”
It was dark by the time we got outside. The hard lines between the repetition of tents barely made their way to my eyes, but it didn’t stop Jeremy from leading us off onto a path that only he could see. I asked him where we were going, but he only kept his answer nice and vague.
“To see the good guys.” He stopped me at another tent, this one lit on the inside and I could hear someone laughing. I almost didn’t recognize the sound at first. Jeremy looked at me, his face close enough to mine that I could tell he was trying to catch his breath. “Just... try and keep an open mind.”
He led me inside and a handful of men all looked up at us, one after another, their voices trailing off as they froze in the middle of a card game that reeked unbelievably of feet.
Jeremy was the first to break the silence with a sloppy salute. “At ease, gentlemen.”
“Moses!” One of them slammed down his cards and tore Jeremy off my shoulder, squeezing him so hard that I thought he was going to deflate.
Jeremy managed to push him off and sputtered. “Damn. Squeeze harder, asshole. Doctor’s orders.”  He shook his bottle of pills in self-defense.
“What happened?”
“Cramps.”
Another man nodded towards me. “Who’s the badass?”
They all turned to look and I was confused for a moment. I realized I must have gotten a black eye. I felt like I was stuck in a spotlight.
 “Tess,” I stammered. Definitely not Jessica. Anything but Jessica.
“Right, Tess,” Jeremy continued. “Don’t worry, she’s cool.”
Another one of them walked over. “Hell yeah. She’s got the battle scars to prove it.” He snatched someone's cards straight out of their hands and offered them to me. “Mike sucks. You know how to play poker?”
The man I assumed was Mike threw a hand up. “What the hell?”
“Don’t worry. You’re pretty too.”
“You're damn right I am.” He swiped his cards back.
I froze, still unsure on what exactly I had walked into. I had been sure that I was being held captive in a prison camp just a few minutes ago, but now... I nodded. “I mean, I can learn.”
The man in front of me slowly nodded his head and smiled, pointing a finger straight at my face. “YES. I like her. She can stay.” He shook my hand for me and introduced himself. “You can call me Scott.”
Someone else chided up from behind. “No shit. What else would she call you?”
Scott shrugged. “Scott's fine.”
Jeremy gently grabbed my wrist and pulled me away. “Alright, I think you all scared her enough for now.”
“Yeah,” said Scott. “So did you. What the hell happened?”
Everyone waited for Jeremy to answer and changed his mind. He pulled me back in front of him. “You know what? Why don't we all get to know each other a little bit?” He pointed at the man that had hugged him. “You've already met nimrod Nick...”
Nick waved at me with a grin.
Jeremy pointed at the biggest one in the room, almost twice my height and dark skinned. He hadn't said a word. “That’s L.T. Colonel Murphy, A.K.A. ‘The Law.'”
“Ain’t nobody above the law,” Nick added.
Jeremy nodded. “That’s correct, thank you.” He kept pointing. “And then you got shit-for-brains—I mean—Simon.”
Simon flicked him off. “That’s not for you, dear.”
Jeremy returned the favor and kept going. “And of course, Mike.”
He nodded. “It's a pleasure.”
“Always is,” said Jeremy, and turned towards me. “Any questions?”
Jeremy, Scott, Nick, Simon, Mike, and Murphy.
I had to take a moment. I’d gotten used to seclusion and had trouble keeping up with the conversation.
Nick raised his hand. “I got a question for Moses!” He pointed at Jeremy. “Where the hell did you go?”
“It’s called recon, Nick,” chided Simon.
“He sounds lovely.”
“Shut up.”
“Make me.”
“Guys,” Scott intervened. “Shut up.” He went back to Jeremy. “So? What happened?”
We listened to Jeremy recount what he had seen, how he had traveled outside the camp to help find supplies, though it was just as unclear as it was the first time I had heard it.
I thought it was strange that he left out what the wounded man had said to Ryan. The idea that someone named Jessica might have somehow been involved with the marks on his body seemed worth mentioning to me. The man had dropped my name for one reason or another, though that much I was fine not discussing.
Scott didn't seem all too surprised. “I've never seen anything around here that could do something like that. Honestly, it kinda sounds like there's someone out there getting creative. Could be someone from town, some whack job with too much time to himself.”
Or herself.
“Maybe,” Jeremy started. “I don't know.” He shifted his weight, uncomfortable. “It doesn't make any sense.”
“Which part?”
“Everything.” Jeremy held his hand out. “Imagine you're the one that's responsible. You're probably alone, hungry, tired, you need supplies. So you attack someone that you know has a gun, but you don't kill 'em. You don't even steal anything. Why? What's the point?”
Mike drew another pair of cards and threw them down. “Because you don't have shit.” Nobody said anything so he elaborated. “Why kill one guy when he can lead you back to the rest of us?”
A lure to find the camp, to find supplies, to find more victims.
The thought gave me goose bumps. It reminded me of walking through bad neighborhoods in the city at night. As soon as I would take that first step, my body would automatically pick up the pace, throw a hood over my head and unplug an earbud. The less I looked like a twenty-something year-old college girl and the more I could hear, the better. Most people were good, but there were always the few that viewed the streets as their own personal stalking grounds and the few unfortunate girls to light their radar as their prey. Hopefully they had all finally gotten what they had deserved by now.
“But you found a way out?” asked Nick.
Jeremy frowned. “I didn’t. Turns out that along with the guys in here with us and the ones on the gate, there's usually two more circling the camp a few hundred feet out. Ryan’s probably using them as a lookout.  Even if we found a way to make it out, the ones on the outside would still spot us. We all know each other and they won't shoot us for fun, but they might change their mind if they see something going down and we ask for it.”
I looked around and everyone seemed to nod in agreement, but that didn’t make any sense to me. “Wait. What do you mean you all know each other?”
Scott explained. “There’s a town a few miles North of here big enough to hold up in, but small enough that no one's gonna give a shit.”
“Except Ryan,” Mike corrected him.
“Right. Well, we thought we could use an extra hand.” He crossed his arms. “But here we are...”
Judging by everyone's smug response, they only blamed themselves, and I was starting to get a better picture of what was going on. Where someone might have seen a walled off community, Ryan must have seen an opportunity to take what he wanted, to command by force.
 “Ryan's a dick,” said Jeremy, “But he's smart. He knows we're useful. He probably separated the six of us from everyone else on purpose. He took us out here looking for supplies and found this place before splitting up. The other half went out scouting in their trucks and should be back soon. Everyone in this tent is just slave labor.”
Nick prodded my shoulder. “Yeah, until you showed up. Douchebag probably wasn't expecting you to carry anything except a short skirt.”
I tried to smile and let his comment bounce off, but the reality of the situation started to strike hard. Were there other girls in their group or was it just going to be me?
“Tess?”
I looked up and noticed that everyone was staring at me again. I must have spaced out when Scott had asked me the second time.
“Tess, what did Ryan want?”
I didn’t know what to tell him. I knew the words: sex slave, prostitute, whore, but I couldn’t bring them out past my throat. They were still waiting for a response. I had to give them something. “He... he said the guards were off limits.”
They kept staring and some of them glanced at each other, but Nick was the only one willing to ask, “From what?”
I looked down at my shoes. “Me.” I forced a knot past my throat. “Until we got back.” I could feel their silence burn in my ears and embarrassment stab its way through my stomach as if my guts were hanging out from in front of me. It made me wonder what the wounded man had gone through. Which had felt worse? The physical pain? Or everyone watching?
I was too embarrassed to look up. When I finally did, Jeremy was the only one that still had eyes on me, but I couldn't tell what he was thinking.
Mike hit Nick. “Way to go, idiot.”
“How's this my fault?”
“Fuck it,” said Jeremy. His eyes bounced onto each of us and commanded our full attention in turn. “We’re leaving before those trucks come back. Once they do, we’ll be outnumbered even more. It’s our best shot. We're not gonna let anyone touch her.” He stopped on me.
I wanted to say something. I felt like I should have at least thanked him, but Simon was the first to object.
“Speak for yourself. We’re already outgunned. I mean, yeah, this sucks.” He gestured towards me. “And I'm sorry, you seem really nice, but you have to admit, it beats getting shot at.” He crossed his arms and waited for a moment, nervous, probably unsure how anyone would react to his words. “Plus, you can’t tell us all what to do.”
Jeremy nodded, curtly. “You're right. So we vote on it. We either make our move or do nothing.” He took a moment and let everyone think about it. “All in favor of getting the hell out of here?”
Jeremy, Scott, and Murphy raised their hands.
“All in favor of doing nothing...”
Nick, Simon, and Mike raised their hands.
“That’s three to three. Tess, you didn’t raise your hand.”
I was surprised that I even got a vote, but I realized that we all had at least one thing in common; it was us versus Ryan. If we had to draw up teams somehow, then that was the only way that naturally made any sense. I started to think about Zach and wondered if he was going through the same thing somewhere. I raised my hand. “I wanna leave.”
“Good girl,” said Jeremy. “Then we need a distraction. It’s the only way we’d ever get a shot. We need to move everyone—the guys at the gate, even the ones outside—in here.”
They were quiet, so I stepped up. “What about a fire?”
Jeremy agreed, building on the momentum. “Yeah. At night, something big. Everyone would see it. The supplies are here. They’d all run in to check it out.”
“Actually, that might work,” said Scott. “Anyone got a lighter?”
One after the other, they all ended up turning towards Murphy as he casually pulled out a lighter and lit himself a cigarette. We watched as The Law slowly took a drag and held it for some inconceivable amount of time before finally letting it go. “Fine, but—”
Nick swiped it out of the air with a wink. “Thanks, baby-girl.”
Murphy silently brooded at that but let it go.
“Okay,” said Jeremy. “We'll get everything ready in the morning and then start a fire at night, catch 'em in the middle of a shift change while they're sleeping. If we're lucky, they might even leave the door open for us.”
“Yeah,” Simon snorted. “And if we're lucky, then we won't get shot in the back on the way out.”
“He's right,” said Scott. “If we don't keep tabs on everyone the whole time, this'll never work. We should at least spend a day or two to make sure we know their routine, then we'll make our move.”  He glanced over his shoulder. “And it probably wouldn’t hurt to have a lookout so we don’t blow our load too early.”
I stood up straight. I needed some fresh air. “I’ll do it.”
He seemed to hesitate for a split second, but gave me a nod. “Just let us know if you hear anyone nearby.”
“Right.”
I needed to pry everyone's eyes off me. And the feet smell...
Good God.
I stepped outside and took a deep breath. It felt just as good as I thought it would. The stars were out; there weren’t any clouds to block them and a nice breeze threw my bangs across my eyes. I could never see them like that in the city, or at all, for that matter, but all the way out here the Milky Way poured over the world like a fountain. It was beautiful.
I was surprised to see Jeremy join me a few minutes later, closing the flap to the discussion inside. “Hey. You okay?”
I looked back up at the sky. They had a way of making me feel a little smaller along with my problems, though not quite small enough. “Yeah.”
He threw a thumb over his shoulder. “I'm sorry about Nick...what he said...”
I shrugged it off. Something like that was bound to happen sooner or later. It was actually probably better that it was with guys like them. Being embarrassed was going to be the least of my problems.
Jeremy followed my gaze beside me. “How’d you end up out here, anyway?”
I swung my arm. I wasn't really sure. I had neglected to think about that collection of events on purpose. I figured I would last longer that way. “I got separated from my family…” The sentence cut itself short. It was a vast understatement, but I couldn’t delve any deeper. “This place was supposed to be safe.”
“You didn’t say anything about Ryan before.”
“What’s it matter?”
He let the question go untouched and I could hear the guys argue about something inside. He scratched his head. “We used to work together, you know. I mean, it wasn’t really work. He was one of the first to stop by the town. They were in pretty bad shape and actually nice to everyone. They seemed grateful.”
I looked over at him. “So what happened?”
He thought about it. “I’m not sure. I guess people just got used to following orders.”
“Nobody tried stopping him?”
“We could have. They were always outnumbered, but we had more guns at first. We should have done it then, but nobody had it in 'em. I suppose it's always easier to stay in line, until one day you realize you just haven't said 'no' enough.”
I imagined a drunk Ryan standing up in a bar as a cleaner version of Jeremy pressed the tip of a double barrel shotgun against his chest to put some argument to rest, the soot leaving a subtle trace on his suit and daring Jeremy to shoot him with everyone watching. He wouldn’t have been able to do it then, but now he would end up dragging himself and his friends out on the line for someone that he hadn’t even known existed a few hours earlier.
“Why are you helping me?” Part of me didn’t mean to ask. I started to realize that it would be easier for Jeremy and the others to escape back in town, where they would have the numbers on their side, but now the priority seemed like making it out before anyone could get their hands on me.
He didn’t say anything for a while and I just looked at him as he watched the sky, probably second guessing himself.  “When you saw me on the ground,” he started, “You came up to me and offered me a hand. You didn’t know who I was. You probably didn’t know where you were, why you couldn’t leave, and you’d just gotten the shit kicked out of you. Why’d you help me then?”
We kept staring at each other, but the words kept escaping me. I used the first ones that popped into my head. “It seemed like the right thing to do.”
“Yeah...” He gave that a short lived grin. “Funny how that works, right?” He walked back inside without saying another word.
I found myself squinting at nothing. Was that why he was helping me, because it felt right? And what if he was wrong? We would be pitting ourselves against armed men at a time when we all had a lot more to lose. Without the clutter of smaller things to distract us, the stakes would be higher. There would be a chance that someone could end up dying because of me.
I took a breath.
What if we were both wrong?

Paranormality
I rubbed my eyes with the balls of my hands and reactively swore, quickly remembering that one of them was still bruised.
“Nice sailor mouth, captain.” Nick dropped his MRE on the ground and took a seat next to me.
I acknowledged that with a yawn and wiped my eyes carefully this time. As exhausted as I was, I still had a hard time falling asleep the night before. I was sure it had something to do with my impending freedom. Or lack thereof.
“You’re one to talk,” said Jeremy. He had decided to find my tent early in the morning and bring me breakfast, but I still wasn’t sure if he had planned on bringing anyone else.
“Well, fuck me.” Nick tore through his bag. “Fuck you.”
“What’s the problem, sailor?”
“They forgot to put a spoon in my goddam bag.”
Jeremy licked his spoon clean and handed it to him. “You better not have syphilis.”
“I’ll never tell.” Nick took it without a second thought and I looked down at my own bag.
Jeremy noticed I had barely touched it. “You should eat. You’ll need the energy.”
Why? For all the sex I’ll be dishing out?
I stirred my mush. “You’re sure this is food?”
“Well,” said Nick, “Food is a large category of things, but I’m not really sure if this belongs in there.” He shoveled another spoonful into his mouth. “What you’re looking at is your standard three thousand calorie expired military issue MRE, or Meal Ready to Eat.”
“Is it any good?”
He shrugged. “If it’s good enough for some poor bastard invading someone else’s country, then it’s good enough for you.”
I figured there must have been some sort of convoluted point to his argument, so I took a bite. It wasn’t great, but I hadn’t noticed just how hungry I’d gotten until someone had shoved food in front of my face. It wasn’t until Scott found us that I actually started to wake for the first time that morning.
He stopped at the foot of the entrance and held out two buckets in front of us, only to stare in silence while the swinging handles rattled against the plastic.
Jeremy was the only one brave enough to ask, “What?”
Two minutes later and halfway across the camp, the four us stood huddled together and we stared down into a ditch that would never have its contents described ever again.
Nick turned to the single armed guard next to us and back again. “So let me see if I got this right...” He put a hand on the man's shoulder. “You literally expect us to clean up your shit for you?”
 He wiped Nick's grip off and replaced it with another bucket. “Yup.”
“Awesome...”
I hovered a hand over my face and stood above what I could only loosely describe as the seventh circle of hell and began to mentally prepare myself. I wouldn't have ever said that I was above any type of work by any stretch of the imagination, but I did have to remind myself that it would at least be better than what I had originally signed up for, or rather, what I had been coerced into doing.
I sucked in my pride. “Do you have any gloves?” I felt fortunate enough to see the man pull out a pair and hand them to me, and had already put them on by the time another weapon-toting bearer of bad news walked up to us.
“Yo. Ryan wants to see you guys, pronto.”
I could see Jeremy’s face slowly change for the worse. “What for?”
The man only shook his head. It was unsettling.
Nick bumped them out of the way and threw his bucket down, taking the lead. “Who the hell cares?”
I couldn’t say I was surprised when we walked into Ryan’s tent. It was one of the biggest and held furniture inside, accommodating a plush sofa, coffee table, and even a full wooden desk with papers strewn all about. It must have belonged to the admin before they left. Now it belonged to a new asshole.
“Took you long enough.” Ryan took a sip from his mug. It could have been coffee. I would have thought about killing him right then and there for it if one of his men hadn’t been sitting next to us. “I want you to do something for me.” He grabbed a map from his desk and handed it to Jeremy, surprising me with a pistol holstered to the side of his hip. I took him as someone that wouldn’t carry a gun. He saw me look at it and I made sure to return the favor.
Jeremy checked the map for a moment, only to shake his head. “What am I supposed to be looking at?”
“There’s a gas station I want you to check for supplies a few miles to the West of here. Get your guys together and I’ll have my men escort you out.”
“The trucks aren’t back yet. What if we find something?”
“Bring it back.”
Scott tried reaching for the map, but Jeremy held it from him. “This is the same place I almost got to yesterday...” He seemed to wait for a response only to have Ryan take another drink. “What happened to the guy I brought back?”
Ryan snatched the map back from his hands. “He's dead.”
I couldn't see how that might have been surprising, especially considering the condition he had been in, but Jeremy wouldn't let it go.
“How?”
“Well, he either bled out or I took him outside and shot him in the back of the head for asking too many questions. Which one do you prefer?”
Jeremy took a moment, obviously annoyed. “Look, even if there’s nothing there, it’ll still take us a whole day just to walk there and back. If we leave first thing tomorrow morning—”
“Today.” Ryan walked back to his desk and put his mug down. “Right now.”
“But if we wait for everyone else—”
“Change of plans. They’re coming back tonight. Which means if you want a ride back into town, you better be here before we leave.”
 And with that, the plan that we had spent all night going over had been utterly decimated. The whole idea was to leave at night before the trucks got back, before we became increasingly outnumbered and risked the possibility of them tracking us down on wheels.
I could see the clockwork behind Jeremy’s head spin into gear, his eyes darting back and forth across the ground, but there were too many things to consider, too many unknowns. I had to stall.
“I'll go.”
They all stared and I wasn't sure of what else to say, so I just kept at it.
“I'll do it. I don't care. ”
Ryan cocked an eyebrow at me. “If I can't get eight men to bring me back food, water, and gasoline, then what the hell are you supposed to do?”
Eight?
I had to remind myself to close my mouth. Jeremy, Scott, Nick, Mike, Murphy and Simon already made six. If Ryan was thinking about sending them so far outside with only a pair of armed guards, than he had to be stretched thin. Something must have been wrong on his end. Regardless, it would be Jeremy's best chance to get away. They'd easily be able to overpower any company and could take their guns, not to mention have a solid lead on food and water. It was too perfect not to pass up.  
Jeremy took a step towards me. “We can still use an extra hand—”
“No,” said Ryan. I could feel my life expectancy snap in half at the word as he fell into his seat. “She stays here.”
Jeremy started at it again and I interrupted him. “It's fine.”
We started to look at each other for too long, both of us daring ourselves to see how forward we could be before Ryan would start to notice just exactly what was going on, but Jeremy wouldn't budge. I kept my eyes frozen on him, now confused more than anything else. He had nothing to gain and everything to lose by trying to convince Ryan to bring me along.
So why are you still trying to help me?
He finally opened his mouth just as Nick walked in-between us and leaned in towards Ryan. “Listen, I've known this guy a while... and if anyone can do it, it's him.”
Ryan's head bobbed between the three of us like a buoy, his patience visibly wearing thinner by the moment. “That's fucking good for you.” He nudged Nick off the table. “Why the fuck are we still arguing about this?”
“Fine,” said Jeremy. I could see him hide a scowl, but even he must have finally succumbed to the lure of freedom. “I just need her for a minute.” I tried to follow him out before Ryan called for me.
“Jessica...” he started, and I stopped to see him set his feet up on his desk with two heavy thuds, his hands already on his lap. “...Is staying for a little conversation.”
I looked back at Jeremy and Scott for a sign of resistance, a wink of the eye, anything that would signify what I could expect to happen while on my own, but they only stared back with hollow eyes. It was over. We couldn't even get a quick word between the two of us, but at least they would finally be getting away.
I caught Jeremy's stare again, but Scott gently pulled him along. “Come on, we're burning daylight.”
They left, sunken and silent. Only Nick walked by with open arms, his back to the men that were holding us all hostage. “How about one for the road?” I was surprised when he gave me a hug and even more so when he grabbed my ass.
I pushed him off of me. “What the hell?”
He gave me a wink and the guard in the room shoved him out.
They left me and Ryan alone together and I hated every second of it. I wished he would have gotten angry and yelled in my face or threatened to hurt me. I wanted to fight him right then and there, but nothing came out. He was the last person on earth that I wanted to talk to and all he did was prolong it. I watched him absently roll the ring on his finger and take me in silently. The pause seemed too long by the time he finally let me have it.
“What do you know about Knox?”
Hearing his name caught me off guard. I remembered seeing the word plastered on every television screen along with the rest of the world, but I hadn't thought about it since what seemed like the beginning of it all.  Knox had been behind every protest, especially those that had turned violent, making it perfectly clear that there had been a leader in the uprising that followed Zoey's death, the name synonymous to the movement, the ideals bleeding over from city to city and ultimately crashing into conflict in the middle of the streets.
I remembered the sleepless nights. Knox idealism had been nothing short of persecution. Anyone that might have been judged impure of heart was dealt with one way or another, though the punishment had usually been severe and dealt publicly without restraint. None of it could have been done without the fear, and with the fear—hate. The hate had turned into violence and the violence had turned into death. I remembered thinking that Knox had somehow been responsible for it all, but how could anyone prove that the actions of thousands, even millions of people were the result of one single person? How could one do so much?
I struggled, unsure how to answer, but also because I was scared of where the conversation might have been heading. “He killed...”
Ryan raised an eyebrow and he put his feet back down, pressuring me onward.
I started to relive what it was like coming home day after day to be connected to a constant stream of unfortunate events, to be surrounded by a web of anxiety. I had watched, just like anyone else, how Knox had targeted the government, how he had accused them of allowing the Catastrophe to happen and blamed them for the inequality and suffering in daily life. And it had only exponentially grown worse with time. Towards the end, the footage of beheadings in the middle of the street surrounded by cheering mobs and servicemen powerless to stop them would have been too much for anyone to forget. Even Ryan.
 I tried again, this time more sure of my words. Anything else would have been putting it lightly. “He murdered them.”
“Who, Jessica?” He waved his hands as if to find the answer about to fall into his lap at the blink of an eye. “Who did he kill?”
I ground my teeth against his condescending belittlement. Everyone left alive knew what had happened. They knew how the target had shifted, how the hate had spread. He only wanted to hear me say it, just like the rest of them had. I forced the words out as Ryan continued to stare, his attention only fueling my ire. “You don't even care, do you?”
He stood up and walked to the front of his desk, leaning against the top while crossing his arms. “Why should I?”
You know why...
He wouldn't let up, a thought that was driving me insane until I realized that we were also alone. I imagined how close I'd be able to get to strangling him to death, but quickly remembered that he was still in charge as long as he had a gun strapped to his hip.
“You don't care...” I could feel my muscles give way as realization finally washed over them. He really didn't. He really didn't care about anyone except for himself.
He watched me eagerly and the small hint of a smile curled past his lips. He was much more dangerous than I knew. “You've made some new friends here pretty quick. It makes me wonder what a Sed would do if one were standing right in front of me.”
 Sed.
There was that word again. I squeezed the knot past my throat as Ryan reached back to pull something out from a drawer within his desk. “The problem is that they're good at hiding—every single one of 'em—right in plain sight.” He brought his hand forward, but kept whatever he had taken out covered and made me wait a tense moment. The next part didn't make me feel any better whatsoever. “Come here.”
 I did as he ordered and forced my legs to get me to stop just in front of him.
“The man who died last night... He said he knew you.”
Impossible. I watched Ryan carefully. Was he trying to trick me? I racked my brain for an answer before deciding that there would be no harm in risking it. “You're lying.”
He gave me a short smile. “Then why did he give me this?” He lifted his hand and let go of a small silver heart-shaped pendant that hung from a chain around his fingers. He kept his full attention on me the entire time, trying to gauge my reaction, almost as if he were about to teach me a lesson.
I wasn't sure what he had expected me to say. “It's not mine.”
“So then you won't mind holding it?”
Should I?
I watched the small trinket rotate in front of my face and I held out my hand, palm facing up. I stretched my arm out and watched the delicate heart dangle just above the center of my glove, my eyes only turning to him when he spoke.
“You're sure that there's nothing you'd like to tell me?” He grinned anxiously and I tried not to look into it.
Even if there was, what would it matter now?
I brought my focus back to the floating piece of silver just as Ryan let go. It fell into my hand and the chain attached to it coiled around like a snake in an instant.
Nothing.
I looked back up at Ryan. “Thank you?”
He furrowed his brow and immediately fought against a new onslaught of words but held them back, his confusion ultimately melting away to anger and annoyance. “We're done here.”
“You sure?”
He walked back behind his desk and glared up at me. “Don't you have shit to clean?”
I balled a fist around my new piece of jewelry and watched him flip through a stack of papers, confused, but it wasn’t enough to keep me there. Even a turd was better company than him. I left as soon as I got the chance.
Jeremy and the others were already gone by the time I got outside. I found myself walking through the morning sun without any idea where I was going. I was surrounded by a fence and people that I didn’t know, completely by myself and without any idea of what to do. I couldn’t help but think that dying in the middle of nowhere would have been exactly the same.
I stopped and looked down at my outstretched hand to see the silver heart stare back with just as much lifelessness as it had the first time, though now it looked incredibly smooth to the touch. Curious, I bit the tip of my other glove and pulled it off, throwing the necklace onto the flesh of my exposed palm and waited for a moment. I poked the pendant and could feel the cool metal begin to seep the warmth away from my skin, but nothing else happened.
Figures...
I looked away and shook my head. I shouldn't have let Ryan's craziness get to me.
Then it began to burn.
I gazed down to see a silent blue flame completely engulf my hand and lick its way up my arm.
That... can't be right.
The thought barely crossed my mind just as a searing headache crashed itself through my skull. I tried screaming while the flames twisted up and over every square inch of my body, but the sound never made it past my paralyzed nerves. My legs gave out and I dropped down onto my knees, only able to struggle in agony as I felt a thin glowing bar dipped in molten hot metal drive itself past my eyes. The sensation effortlessly progressed deeper towards the back of my skull, every inch given leading to a new feeling, one of absence and unknown familiarity.
I wasn’t in my own body anymore.
Everything stopped. It was as if the sun in all its intensity had been extinguished, throwing me into a complete and utter darkness with the last thoughts of my mind suddenly absent but lingering on edge—unattainable, yet strikingly familiar—the world a lost cause off the tip of my tongue.
I opened my eyes, but they weren’t mine anymore. They were hers. I felt what she felt. I moved as she did. It wasn't until we were together that we both forgot what it was like to be so alone.
The cries of men dying ceased to exist. The sensation of hundreds of humans fighting for their lives lost all form, leaving in its place a hollow shell of distant surroundings that yearned to be filled. The clash of metal and blood lust from a span of fifty men below me, while once all encompassing, now echoed off into areas not seen, but I did see the few that managed to get inside.
They moved as one, bursting through the closed doors without so much as a pause before two arrows drove themselves into the throats of the guards that stood in their way. I felt their surprise, felt their anguish, felt their alarm at not being able to cry out in pain, yet the group moved on before the bodies had time to reach the ground. They quickly eliminated any form of resistance as they hoped to reach me in time. The long flight of stairs labored their breathing, but the steady stream of fresh corpses that blocked them before only strengthened their resolve to face their fears head on.
I felt them the whole way, each mind unique and backed by a name that had once meant something. I didn’t even bother to watch them breach the doors and rush into my room with their weapons drawn and locked onto my heart, ready to be released at the first hint of movement if need be.
But they hesitated.
With a flick of my wrist, I knocked two against the wall and redirected the now useless sticks that had flown at me. Another tried rushing at me with his weapon raised, but it was all he could do as a shard of ice as thick as his forearm met his chest, slowing his heart and halting his breathing as he dropped to the ground. The rest stood helpless. I could have done more, but I only turned and focused on the task at hand.
They could be spared.
Yet I suddenly found my mind closed, fully immersed in an alien world with complete absence of thought and feeling, only able to look with a dull sense of surprise into a pair of fierce blue eyes filled with as much remorse as they were hate, inches from my own.
My hand reached down and grasped the edge of a blade in front of my chest, but the rest kept going unhindered and continued out my other side. It wouldn’t budge, though it wouldn’t have to. I was sure I wouldn't get another breath. I sputtered, almost with a grateful smile. “You promised.”
The familiar pair of blue eyes remained motionless with no hint of a response. Finally, their owner answered with a hoarse voice. “I’m sorry.”  
The eyes never left me, but it didn’t matter. Now I began to smile. She began to smile, something that I knew would put him on edge despite just stabbing his childhood friend and lover through the heart. I began to slip away as her last breath had past her lips: soft, quite, a whisper in the dark. The words chilled me to the bone. “You’re too late.”
Awakening
I knew I was back when I woke up. I automatically pushed against the hand on my forehead until I realized it belonged to Martha standing above me. The familiar face did little to slow the pounding in my chest and I checked to make sure it was still intact. I meant to say something, but couldn’t quite figure out how.
She used the opening. “Are you okay?”
I sat up and caught my head in between my hands. It felt like lead and throbbed with a dull ache, a sensation a million times more enjoyable than whatever I had just put myself through. I kept my face hidden and made no effort to come up with an answer. How could I have been okay after that? At the very least, I was relieved to hear my own muffled voice. “What happened?”
She hesitated and I could tell that she didn’t know either. “Amanda found you on the ground. I wasn’t sure what to give you or if anything would have even helped. Has this ever happened to you before?”
I slowly turned my head to gaze through the cracks of my fingers and watched Amanda stare back at me, wide eyed, holding onto a fistful of Martha’s shirt.  It was the second time that the little girl had potentially saved my life. Either that, or she was incredibly detrimental to my state of well-being.
“No.” I took a shaky breath and let it go into the palm of my hands. If someone had asked, I could have said that I had just used them to kill people in ways that I had never thought possible. “No, that’s never happened before.”
“I thought maybe you might have tripped in the dark and hit your head...”
She reached up and I pushed her hand away from my hair and stared into her worried face, the familiar lines tracing themselves around her eyes and back up onto the bridge of her forehead.
Wasn’t it still morning?
I stumbled up and shoved my head through the flap of Martha’s tent to see the purple sky following a sun that had just crested below the horizon, but that didn’t make any sense. The things I saw, the things I felt only lasted a few minutes at best.
I turned back and meant to ask where Jeremy and the others were, but I already knew. His group should have been miles away from the camp by now. I felt a sharp pang of jealousy shoot up through my chest and I pictured them settling down for the night as free men, laughing and hitting each other in good spirits. At least someone had made it.
“I think you dropped this...”
I peered down to see Amanda step away from Martha and hold her hand up. Just on top, resting peaceful and inanimately, the familiar heart-shaped necklace caught light from a gap over my shoulder. It beckoned for my touch, but I was too afraid. I was scared of what would happen if it took control again.
I kept my distance.  If Ryan or any of the others had seen what had happened to me...
No.
I couldn't afford to think like that. I was still alive. If I spent every waking moment second guessing myself, then there would be no point in keeping it that way. But it would be too risky to keep the necklace on hand in case I accidentally touched it. I needed more time to figure out where it had come from and how it worked. I needed to find out what had happened.
I closed Amanda's hand, careful not to touch what was inside. “Keep it. Keep it safe for me, okay?”
She peered down, confused for a moment, then stuck the necklace to her chest. A high honor, no doubt. “Okay.”
Martha didn't care either way. “Are you sure you’re alright?”
Fuck no.
I nodded. “I just need some water.” I walked out before she had a chance to argue. The truth was I had absolutely no clue if I was okay. I’d never experienced a dream before where I could tell what other people were thinking. I’d never felt someone else’s pain outside of my own body. It was the only way I could describe it, but even those words were wrong. It couldn't have been just a dream. It couldn't have.
I got back to my tent by the time night rolled in. I had to step over the open M.R.E.s and water bottles that were left from earlier before I could get to my cot. I figured the trash that was left behind was proof that I at least had not been delusional all day long, though now it was also a subtle reminder that I was alone and the room suddenly seemed empty. It made me wonder when the next best chance would come around for me to escape, if any at all.
I took a seat. By myself, the images still fresh in my mind began to take over. In my dream, in my new memories, I had killed both effortlessly and definitively. There had been no hesitation, no restraint, only complete and utter ruthlessness without a single touch and input of my own accord, yet one facet continued to stick out among the rest. I had not been alone. I had not been the one to kill. I knew it as intrinsically as the breath in my lungs kept me alive. I had watched someone else do it. I had felt her do it.
Who would ever believe that?
I gave up, frustrated, and had to readjust my seat. Something was poking me in the butt. I reached into my back pocket and was stupefied to see a small silver lighter in the palm of my hand, until I recognized it as Murphy’s. I remembered Nick had taken it. He must have dropped it on me in Ryan’s tent and just felt me up for good measure. I stared at its smooth, metallic casing. It was my next best chance to make it out. But without the others, I needed to come up with a different plan. A simple distraction wouldn't work anymore.
Hey, look at this cool, dangerous fire, not the crazy girl that's about to get raped.
Did I mention she's crazy?
At the very least, I would have to demote that one to Plan B.
The sound of gunfire brought me back. I shook at the sudden percussion that cut through the camp and nearly fell off my cot. I held my breath, nervous that I would miss whatever would come next, unsure if I had just made it up entirely. Then it started up again, this time livid in bursts that seemed much closer, as if they came from just outside the surrounding fence.
I jumped up. I could hear men starting to yell at each other across the entire camp. The walls around me were completely made of soft cloth. They held none of the sound back. So what would bullets do?
I ran to leave just as one of Ryan's men walked in through the entrance with a rifle in one hand and a nearly empty bottle in the other. He looked like he had crawled through miles of dirt just to get to me, but I didn’t recognize him. Not until I noticed his bandaged hand.
“Jessssica...” He lifted the bottle at me and smiled, the stench of alcohol falling off of him like a waterfall.
I had barely opened my mouth before the shooting in the camp started to thicken. I flinched and automatically lowered my head. Ryan's men must have started returning fire at whatever was attacking them. It all seemed to be getting closer and I couldn't see anything. I needed to get away
“Hey,” I pointed a shaky hand. “W-we have to—”
“DON'T LIE!” The man took a step closer and I took two back. He lifted his bottle again, almost as a cautionary gesture, and his demeanor changed in an instant. “It’s okay, it's okay. The cute ones always lie.”
What?
Nothing he said, looked, or smelled like neared anything I thought of as okay.
He took another step and knocked my trash over. “You by yourself, Jesssica?” He cut me off again before I could answer. “I’ll keep you company. People like uss, we gotta ssstick together.”
I couldn't believe how lost he was. Could he even hear what was going on outside or was he so far gone that he didn't care anymore?
“HEY.” I waved a hand in front of his face, completely expecting the soft walls around us to explode at any moment in intrepid anticipation. “WE have to GO. BEFORE we get SHOT.”
He smiled and put a finger to his lips, blowing out a steady stream of air and spit towards my face. “Shhhhh... come on, I won’t tell. It’ll be our little secret.” He tossed his bottle and rifle to the side and grabbed my hand.
I pushed him off. “Get the hell off of me.”
He grabbed me again, his face now contorted and hurt. “I wasn’t asking.”
I hit him again and he held on. I tried to break free, but he was too strong. I pushed at his chest and screamed for help and he effortlessly threw me down onto my cot.
He wrapped a beefy hand around my neck to shut me up. “Don’t do anything stupid.” He waited for me to move again, but I didn’t. His words had hit me harder than he could have ever had.
I didn't fight back. I let him crawl on top of me. I let him lift up my shirt and run his outstretched hand across my stomach. I let him grab and unbuckle my belt, the stench of gasoline completely enveloping my body, but I didn’t resist. I needed to be able to move both my arms.
Terrified, I pulled on his collar and dragged him closer to me.
He smiled and leaned in, enjoying the turn of events, but froze as soon as the smell hit him. I didn’t think he recognized it at first, then he looked down to confirm the suspicion. He’d been burning as I held the lit lighter in my other hand up against his belly. I was amazed at how quickly his jacket caught a flame.
“YOU BITCH!” He threw me onto the ground and I watched him struggle to strip his jacket off.
I got back up, heart pounding, and pushed against his back as hard as I could. He fell over the cot and into the wall, pulling down the rest of the tent with him as he went. The soft felt immediately came down over my head and I stuck my hands out to try and find a way in total darkness.
I dived towards an opening. I stumbled outside and turned around just to see the orange glow of the flame brighten as it licked across the fabric and the fumbling shape underneath. I jumped back when his head popped through. He crawled out of a corner half naked as the entire pile of tinder started to go up in flames. I tried to run away when someone grabbed me from behind.
“Where the hell do you think you're going?” said Ryan.
I immediately recognized his voice. I tried to break free, but he pulled his arm against my throat and into his chest, choking me. Any air that managed to make it out was strangled.
 He pointed a pistol at the man on the ground. “Get up!”
“Yess ssir.” The words barely left his lips before they erupted in a shower of blood and skin. I watched, dumbstruck, as another explosion pierced his chest in a mist of red. His legs automatically crumpled beneath him and he fell back into the flames.
I could hear the gunfire ring out across the camp and into the dark. It had taken me a few moments to realize that someone else had shot him. By the time I did, it was too late. I wouldn’t have been able to look away or wipe the scene from my memory.
 Ryan reacted for the both of us and spun me around as a human shield, gun pointing into the unknown as he struggled to see who had taken the shot. He fired his gun into the night, blindly, and it occurred to me that I would be on the receiving end if anyone else had the same idea. Fortunately, he tried a different tactic.
“We have women and children! Just put your guns down! We can talk about this.” He kept his gun up and watched, both of us holding our breath until someone's voice broke through the static of the distant firefight.
“I wanna talk to Tess.”
We spun around to meet the source and a figure slowly started moving towards us through the smoke. Ryan lifted his hand up to take the shot.
And I recognized who it was.
I grabbed the metal spike from my back pocket and jammed it into Ryan as hard as I could. I could hear a meaty thud as it easily broke his skin like a piece of ham.
He yelled out and dropped down in pain, letting me go.
“Jeremy!” I ran up to him and threw my hands around his neck. It had never felt so good to see someone that I recognized, but he quickly refocused and brought his rifle back up.
“Drop it, Ryan!”
 He obeyed and chucked his pistol away, bending over his crooked leg with a groan, the metal anchor sticking out at an awkward angle.
Jeremy looked down at me. “Are you okay?”
I opened my mouth just as Scott ran past us and drove his fist into Ryan's head, knocking him over onto his side. “You son of a bitch!” Nick quickly joined in, both of them adamant in delivering the pain. Nothing else was as important anymore. Scott grabbed the pistol off the ground and whipped it across Ryan's face. They hit him again and again, the physical assault completely demanding as they took turns holding him up, cursing him out and beating him back down.
“Guys!” Jeremy took a step forward, but it was pointless. They were too far gone.
 Scott handed the gun off to Nick and grabbed Ryan by the back of the head to watch blood run down across his eyes. He flashed a pocket knife in front of his face. “Say hi to Evelyn for me, asshole.” He pushed it up against his throat.
“Stop!” I held my hand out. I tried to get closer, but Jeremy kept me back by my other arm. My eyes were starting to run. Everything was happening too quickly. I needed it to stop.
 Scott turned to look at me and Ryan’s head wobbled, barely conscious, streams of red running down onto the blade pressed against the veins in his neck.
I gazed at Ryan and I saw what he was. I saw what he could do, but it wasn't enough. I looked at him and all I could think about was how she had killed. All those people had died and I was there with her to be able to feel them go through with it all: the agony, the despair, the fear of the unknown on the precipice between life and death. The sensations riled up inside of me as though they were flushed through my veins.
“Don’t do it.” I looked at Ryan and I tried my best to choke back tears.  I knew he could tell it was me talking, even under all the blood and swelling. I looked at Scott. “Don’t kill him. You don’t have to.”
Scott stared, eyes wide, short on breath and not sure of what to do, but the knife didn’t move. He looked at Jeremy for an answer but didn’t get anything. I could see fresh trails of blood start to open up underneath Ryan’s chin as Scott's hand began to tremble and turn white around the handle. I let it out again. I wasn't even sure if anyone else could hear me, though I didn't have to wait long.
The blade fell away. Scott brought his attention back to me, glaring, hands balled into fists. He was furious. He had wanted the kill and I had deprived him of the satisfaction.
“Forget about him,” said Jeremy. “We gotta move.”
“Hold your fire!”
We turned around to see a trio of Ryan’s men behind us, guns at the ready. One of them held Amanda by the waist as she fought to break free. Another group emerged on the reverse side with Simon, Murphy, and Mike, all of them defenseless and freshly bruised. We were surrounded. Even if Ryan had been killed, we would have never made it out. Our only warning came from one of the guards that would have shot us in the back.
 “Drop the guns or you all die.”
He was right, but nobody moved. They were too tense. Nick and Jeremy kept their guns up. Someone just needed to say the word.
“'I'm not gonna—”
“Stop.” Jeremy held a hand up. “Just hold on. Okay...” He held his rifle in front of him and slowly lowered it to the ground.
Nick shortly followed suit while the fire continued to burn at our flank. The smell of burning hair and meat made me want to gag. We raised our arms and the armed men shoved us all into a group. One of them helped Ryan onto his feet. He tried to dab at his face with a towel but was pushed away.
“Get the fuck off me,” Ryan spat. Most of the blood had managed to been wiped off, but his flesh was still badly deformed, the copious amount of cuts and swelling misshaping his face disproportionately. He took his pistol back and pointed it at us. “Get them down. I want them all in a line!”
His men hesitated. One of them started to protest. “They’re not even—”
Ryan grabbed his collar and screamed into his face. “I don't care. Fucking move them! NOW!”
He barked his orders and the men followed suit. I could see someone bring Martha from around the corner. She nursed a busted lip and continued to fight again as Ryan yelled at the man holding Amanda.
He pointed his gun at her and she began balling her eyes out. “Her too. I want them all on their knees.”
Martha yelled and someone held her back. Scott couldn't take it. “You son of a bitch!” He tried to fight but was easily kept at bay. “What the hell is wrong with you?”
I felt dazed as my knees hit the ground to join the line, four people on either side of me, my new friends.
Ryan hobbled over and pointed his gun down at Scott’s head, right next to mine. “You wanna know what my problem is, Scott? You don’t belong in this world.” His words were slurred and splattered with the blood from his mouth, but the message came across. He pressed the pistol down against Scott's head. “Here. Let me help you...”
I watched the trigger pull back and whatever final thoughts had passed through Scott's mind now fell on the rest of us as he hit ground lifeless. My ears hurt from the immense pressure wave, ringing as if every drop of blood on the side of my face reverberated like a bell, but Ryan continued.
He placed the gun against Jeremy’s head and I could barely make out my own voice.
The feelings instantly came back again. “Don’t! Please, don’t. You don’t have to do this.”
Ryan only looked over and scoffed at my attempt to beg. “Look at the low hanging brass on you. Do you really think it matters who dies?”
I tried to rack my mind for an answer. We were completely out of options, but we could still talk. I thought if I chose the right words I might be able to get him to stop. “Killing him isn’t gonna change anything.”
Ryan groaned at that and lowered the gun, looking up at the dark sky, and even managed a curt laugh.
For a naive moment, I thought it might have worked.
He stepped in front of me. “You must think you’re a saint.”
“No—”
“Do you really think you have all the answers?”
“No, I—”
“Why do you think you’re better than everyone else?”
“I’m not!”
“FUCK NO, YOU'RE NOT!” He grabbed a fistful of my hair and started dragging me through the dirt. I struggled and swung my arms, helpless, until he threw me into the tent that had been next to mine.
My chest hit the ground and I strained to look up as my eyes adjusted to the dark. I could barely make out a cot. A clear bag of liquid hung from a piece of metal and ran down underneath the sheets. My heart sank even lower than I had deemed possible.
“Do you know who that is?” Ryan grabbed me by the hair again and dragged me to the side of the bed, forced me down onto my knees and pulled my head up to look at the body. “Do you recognize him?” Nothing would have blocked the tears.
I did.
Ryan pressed the gun up against the back of my head and forced me to look closer at the lifeless face. “I said, DO YOU RECOGNIZE HIM?”
“Yes.” I couldn’t stop crying. The word barely made it out as I stumbled to cope.
“He died this morning. Guess who killed him?”
I did...
“You did.”
I shook my head.
 I couldn’t have done this...
“You did this, Jessica.” He tore small pieces of paper from the man’s hand and shoved them in front of my face. “His wife and daughter...” He let go of the pictures and they fluttered down onto my lap. “Who the hell do you think you are now?” He tossed me away and stormed off outside.
I could hear the commotion. I could hear Amanda scream as a gunshot rang out.  
Then two more.
I trembled as the bursts of light flashed across the lifeless body in front of me. I doubled over onto my side and cried next to the man that I had shot in the field. I had never even known him, but I knew what he had gone through, just like what Scott and the people I had known outside had gone through and what I’d soon come to know on a personal level.
Killing changes everything.

Orientation
I had left the city before The Crash.
My dad had decided that we’d be better off taking our chances away from the crammed streets, cars, houses, people, and shitty attitudes. None of us had thought that it would be necessary, but he had been right. By the time we had gotten everything packed up in our newest all-wheel drive SUV, we had hit the road without a single problem. We had left early enough to miss the panicked gridlock and overly emotional mayhem of mass exodus by a few weeks. For all I knew, his early thinking had probably saved my life.
Sarah and I had watched the scenery unfold through the windows in the backseat of our car. It had been strange to see just how open the world grew after only a few dozen miles away from home. It had almost been a revelation to see how I had confused my size within the immensity of a big world, that whatever I had gotten used to seeing was not in fact the edge of the earth. We had barely muttered any words to each other because we had known that we had left our home. We had the hope of coming back, but that’s all it had been, nothing concrete, no definitive plans.
Just hope.
The memories fluttered across my eyes as I bounced in the back of a pickup truck speeding down a dusty road away from camp Maxwell. My hands had been tied together and I had been pushed into the back of a car with everyone else, everyone except for Scott, Simon, Mike, and three of Ryan's men. They had all spent their last days there.
I looked over at Nick as he stared off into the distance behind me and I wished I knew what he was thinking. He was one of the few that had not wanted to leave and probably didn’t want to come back for me when he had gotten the chance, but he had, and two of his friends were dead because of it. None of us had managed to say any words to each other, but as the car started to slow down, I found myself thinking that maybe I didn’t want to know what was on his mind after all.
Our short convoy whined to a stop in front of a small outcrop of houses, brake pads audibly worn and in need of repair. I could see the loose formation of different buildings that curved away from us like a circle drawn in front of a bug, with thicker grass, trash, and other subtle signs of life everywhere I looked. I could tell we had reached the outskirts of a new town.
Ryan was the first one to meet us as he hobbled over to the back of our truck, his face still horribly scarred. He flashed a pocket knife and gestured for our hands. I watched as he cut the windings of rope around Nick’s wrists first before I offered my own.
“Don’t say anything,” said Ryan. “Don’t talk to anyone. Do not leave my site.” He pocketed his knife as I rubbed my sore skin. “Do you understand?”
No.
I didn’t want to understand. I didn’t want to talk to anyone and I didn’t even want to be there. I wanted him to bring back the people that he had killed. My thoughts boiled over when I noticed the wedding band around his finger again. I wanted to muster up as much poison as I could offer, but the words ended up coming out hollow and still. I was emotionally and physically drained. “Did your wife understand?”
His face contorted, hurt, and I expected him to argue, but he must have decided it wouldn’t have been worth the effort. He took a step back and opened the tailgate dryly. “Get the fuck out.”
I jumped off and my gaunt feet struggled to keep pace with the depressed procession that began to flow out from our trucks. I found myself hoping that the quiet march was from exhaustion and not dread for where we were going. I quickly got my first clue.
We passed a large sign distinguishing the start of the town and I stopped just in front, one foot from where we had come from, the other now in Arrino, Kansas. Just below and chained to a metal pole, a mangled body decayed to the point of visible bone structure beneath tattered clothes harbored a plaque around its neck. It was a makeshift omen to anyone too different than the rest.
“NO SEDS”
The words stared back with impunity. I didn't want to move.
I started to wonder what I would have to gain, if anything, if I immediately decided to turn and run away in the opposite direction. I would undoubtedly be shot in the back. I would bleed and squirm in pain and probably die a horrible, dreadful death. I looked back up at the sign for an answer. Would Arrino, Kansas, be any better than that?
I was quickly prodded forward. I didn’t have to wait too long before we walked up to a pair of sedans parked perpendicular to the road, an obvious road block, and a pair of men popped out from behind them to lean rifles against the hood of the cars.
A third joined to shout at us. “Stop or we’ll shoot!”
We stopped, though nobody really seemed to mind.
Ryan took the lead and held his hands up. He walked forward and stopped about halfway out. “Shoot all you want, asshole. I know you ‘aint gonna hit shit all day.”
His respectful candor was only met with silence as we watched the men talk among themselves for a moment. I dared myself to look away to try and see Jeremy, but I couldn’t find him.
Ryan spat on the ground and casually rested his palm on the top of his holstered gun. “Any day now, ladies...”
The lookout seemed to relax as a fourth man hopped over the debris and walked over to us. He looked too tired to be in charge. Or maybe that was why people listened to him. “Ryan?”
He met that with more spit. “Martinez...”
“Fuck. Why didn’t you say it was you?” He looked the rest of us over a moment before coming back to him. “And what the hell happened to your face?”
“I can still see, dipshit.” Ryan pointed at the improvised garrison. “And those aren’t my men.”
“They aren’t mine, either.”
“You’ve gotta be fucking kidding me.”
“Yeah… No. We’re stretched a little thin right now.” He paused to look back at Ryan and smiled. “You really look like shit, by the way.”
He didn’t think that was funny.
Our group followed Martinez on foot as he lead us further down the road, but I never would have guessed that we had been moving closer until he had said so. It felt like I had stumbled into a rural town that had never gotten the pleasure of being recognized on a map. The grass had been starting to bend and turn yellow everywhere I looked. Even the handful of people that we passed stared away with sunken faces and didn’t bother to pay us any attention. It was like the whole town was giving up on itself. I stared at the back of Ryan’s blazer as he walked in front of me and I wondered if he had been slowly sucking the life out of everything around him.
“You know,” said Martinez. “We were starting to think you wouldn’t be coming back.”
 Ryan merely scoffed at that, and we all stopped at a longer building that curved away at the sides, the numerous plotted flowers in front wilting in silent protest. “There’s food and water in the trucks. We’ll unload it when we get a chance. In the meantime go ahead and give these guys something to do.”
“Like what?” said Martinez. “We’re still waiting for everyone else to come back. Practically half of us are still out looking for supplies. ”
Ryan took a look at me as if I was supposed to know. He rolled the wedding band across his finger. “We came back light. See if they had any family here.”
“You're serious?” Martinez took the moment to pear at Ryan's face, then the silent crowd in front of him. “So what happened out there, exactly?”
Ryan pointed at the scars on his face. “Don’t know. I didn’t see shit.” He gestured me to the doors in front of him. “Jessica, you’re with me.”
I took a step over the curb and looked back to try and see some familiar faces before they all left. I didn’t want to be alone again, but nobody I knew caught my eye. I followed Ryan inside.
He led me into a long hall as we passed glass cases filled with trophies. The walls on either side of us were lined with pictures of little kids with their names written illegibly just next to them. It had been a while since I had stepped into an elementary school. Back then it had been to pick Sarah up from her rehearsals for the school play with all her friends, but now I looked away from the surrounding faces and focused on the stained tiles in front of me. The man I had killed had a daughter who would have looked like any one of them.
Our footsteps continued to echo down the hall as we kept walking. Without the flurry of activity that it had once held, the cavernous expanses seemed distant and cold. It was an uncomfortable silence that only broke when Ryan stopped to unlock and open a door on the side.
“Wait here.”
The words were simple, direct, but the commands were already starting to drive me insane. I glared at him for a moment, fully aware that I couldn't do anything to stop him. I would have to bide my time. I walked inside and he quickly locked the door behind me.
I barely took another step into the classroom as seven other wide-eyed girls peered at me from their desks. I could feel my limbs slowly start to fill with dread as I watched each rosy cheeked and soft skinned little girl stare back at me with timid adolescence. I was the biggest one in that room by far. The oldest couldn’t have even been past high school, but their silence was deafening. I should have killed Ryan when I had the chance.
The tallest one spoke for the rest. “Who are you?”
I had to think about it for a moment. It wasn't every day that I stumbled into what seemed like a makeshift lecture hall for the town's new up-and-coming local whorehouse. “Tess...”
“I'm Rachel.” She paused for a moment and eyed me, unsure. “Have you been here before?”
I shook my head. I was surprised to hear her candor. I had never thought anyone in high school could have been so direct. Compared to everyone else in those years, I must have been a nervous little shit.
It made me think back to my college days. As recent as they were, they still felt so far away, almost like a distant planet. What would it have been like to actually attend a class like the one I had found myself in? The teacher would still probably use the entire first day to cover the syllabus.
Objective #1: To turn all of you sweet little girls into sweet little whores.
Reminder: Purchasing the overpriced textbook course material is required, because just when you'd think the price of your tuition has raped you enough, you'd be wrong.
I tried not to freak out. “How old are you?”
“Sixteen.”
She was younger than Sarah.
I rocked on a heel, trepid on how to continue. I nodded vaguely into the small crowd. “What about you guys?”
They each took turns calling off their age in shy increments, the youngest being fourteen. Apparently Ryan had a limit after all. I was just glad not to see Amanda sitting in front of me.
I took a good walk around the room. There wasn’t anything to work with. I wasn't sure why I had thought otherwise. It made sense that Ryan would stick us all in a classroom. It was secluded, filled with bright colors and would always hold a certain sense of familiarity. I stopped at the sight of a little puppet next to a poster that said, “You can do it!” And I wanted to punch it in its goddamn smug little face. “How long have you been here?”
“Since this morning,” said Rachel. She must have stared at me while I tried to open a window. “You’re really not from around here, are you?”
I gave up on that endeavor. “Not really.”
They just stared at me with their beady little eyes. I couldn’t picture what life was like for me seven years ago, but I sure as hell had not remembered it as being that fricken small. It aggravated me that they were stuck in their situation and it was even worse that they couldn’t see what to expect.
I caught a few of them shoot a glance at my chest. I was nothing special by a long shot, but it was hot outside, I was dirty, and they averaged fifteen while I was going on twenty-two. I couldn't blame them. I should have told them that the auspicious mounds in question would often prove to be too problematic most days, though they still held their magical powers. Apparently mine couldn't get me out of trouble, much less a locked room.
Story of my life.
I walked back to the front and started rifling through the teacher's desk, slowly developing a feeling that Rachel usually kept a keen eye.
“What are you doing?”
“What's it look like I'm doing?” I found a thin pair of scissors and it made me question my knack for finding improvised weapons. I walked over to one of the windows and tried to pry it open.
“They said we’re not supposed to leave.”
“Did they?” I swore under my breath as the blades skipped and flew into the glass, scratching it. I started to buff out the mark for a second before I realized it wouldn’t matter. It was an old habit, and Ryan was obviously planning on using the classroom as some kind of orientation for his own little sex slaves. I’d be better off burning it to the ground.
I tried again and almost stabbed myself. I hit the glass with the palm of my hand and took a breath, blowing at the strand of hair that managed to find its way in front of my face. I couldn't keep my hands still. I couldn't think. I couldn't even remember when the last time I had gotten any sleep. How could I?
I had watched someone get executed just next to my face, a memory so recent that I could count the passing hours on my hand, but I had not seen it coming. How the hell had I not seen it coming? How could Ryan...?
How could anyone...
I could barely feel the rounded plastic edges press in against the palm of my hand. I didn't even bother turning around when I took out my frustration on the others. “Do you guys even know why you're here?” I waited in silence, fully expecting nothing or only Rachel to answer with a snarky comment, but someone else finally let at it.
“Do you?”
I opened my mouth, only to close it again as my thoughts began to coalesce.
What if I didn't? I had not initially figured Ryan to be as dangerous as he really was, and now people were dead because of it. I had completely underestimated how unconditionally fucked I was. So what else could I have been wrong about?
I turned around. I didn't need to ask who had spoken up. Everyone already looked at the source and my eyes fell on the little one. Her eyes looked like they had been soaking in water. I took a step closer. “What's your name?”
She took a little breath and I could see the bump in her throat rise and fall as she tried to swallow air, but she didn't back down. If there was anyone else in the room that didn't want to be there as much as me, it was her. I was sure of it.  She was going against the grain. It didn't seem too unlikely for Ryan to want to keep everything quiet. Maybe even the girls themselves were pressuring each other not to talk for one reason or another. I needed to know why.
She started weakly and pulled a bang back over an ear, past red eyes, sniffling courage back into her lungs with uneven breathes. “Ellie...” She cleared her throat. “My name's Ellie.” She glanced to the side again, at everyone else, away from Rachel's scour from the corner of my eye. She was nervous. She knew something.
“Get up.”
She hesitated for a moment before sliding out of her desk. The scared were surprisingly obedient, but if I was going to get anything out of her, it would have to be away from everyone else.
I grabbed her chair and dragged it back towards the window, the legs squealing across the floor, a sound not too much more unpleasant than Rachel's incessant interrogation.
“What are you doing?”
“Improvising.” I stared outside and knocked on the glass in front of my face, only to feel a hollow thud bounce back. Some of the windows at the schools back in the city had been shatterproof, not at all because we had all been angels. I guessed Arrino had not counted on one of the crazy ones paying a visit. I looked back at Rachel and everyone else. They already knew where this was going. “Cover your eyes.”
I brought the chair back behind me in mid swing just as everything changed. I turned around to see the door open and a middle aged woman walk in with a suit on.
Ryan 2.0
I could hear the door lock behind her and she merely stepped behind the desk at the front, not even bothering to pay the crazy girl with the battering ram in the room any attention. But my first impression was wrong. She was nothing like Ryan. Her nerves already seemed broken, as if her body wasn’t sure if it should smile or cry hysterically. She must have willed it to smile. “Good morning, everyone. Why don’t we all start by taking a seat?”
I didn’t even bother giving the notion a single thought.
The woman tried not to take particular notice of me, but I quickly forced her hand by dropping the chair and letting it fall to the floor.
Ellie flinched at the crash next to me and the woman finally peered at us, still as calm as ever. She cleared her throat. “Jessica, sweetie, why don’t you sit down? You must be tired.”
Really?
Of course she knew my name. It really pissed me off.
I took a step forward and Ellie grabbed my arm. I stopped and looked back down at her, only to get a slow shake of the head. Was she trying to protect me? I tried to ignore it, but she gently pulled me back.
It was good enough for our new teacher to continue. “Well then, I see we've all met the newest addition to our group.” She interlinked her hands together to keep them from shaking and forced another smile. It took me a moment to realize it had been a really, really bad joke while an awkward silence quickly pervaded the room.
“Okay...” The woman teetered back on track. It was like she was trying to salvage a sinking ship, except that this one would be full of sex slaves and child molesters. I couldn't wait to see it burn. “Who would like to start us from where we left off, hmmm?”
I was surprised to see a few hands go up, business as usual.
The woman pointed at a girl in the front row. “Yes, Tammie. Why don't you go ahead?”
She took a breath. It was the type of excitement one only got when they were the first in anything. “Knox... is a hero...and—and he saved us from the Seds. They wanna hurt us. They—”
The woman stopped her, squinting. “Well hold on. Slow down. You're going a little bit too far back. Let's think about what we learned last time. We know that Knox wants to protect us, but why? What is it about the Seditionists that make them so dangerous?”
For the love... please don't pick on—
“Yes, Rachel?”
She brought her hand down and straightened her back. “Seditionists are Paranormals that went against society.”
“That's correct.” The woman gave her a quick reassurance, only for it to fall apart. “And as we all know, Paranormals are very different from the rest us... and very dangerous.”
I couldn't believe what I was hearing. I glanced over at Ellie to see her stare at the front, a slight purse to her lips. She must have known better, but for how long? How long had all these girls been forced to listen while Ryan pursued his Knox fed agenda? What the hell was the point in teaching them to hate Paranormals like everyone else if they were just going to be used at bedside and discarded like a piece of trash?
I couldn't take it anymore. I took another step forward, this time even too much for Ellie to handle. “What the fuck is wrong with you?”
The entirely class slowly shifted in their seats and the woman looked back at me with her glassy eyes, so close to breaking, so delicately balanced, and yet I saw no problem in being the one to shatter her into a thousand pieces. She tilted her head again and pretended like it wasn’t the most obvious question in the universe.
It didn’t do anything to calm me down. “These are kids.”
She blinked a little too much before taking a breath and starting over. “Jessica... if you don’t sit down, I’ll have to go and get someone.”
Go ahead, bring Ryan.
At that point she must have noticed the scissors in my hand. Her sophisticated adult mind had probably put the two together and realized a shitty attitude never copes well with sharp objects. She went to open the door, but for once I was too quick.
I knocked over a desk to get at her just as she started to fumble. I pushed her away and spun her around, bringing the threat up against her neck to hush her scream. I swung her against the blackboard with my hands still tight on the open blades that pushed up underneath her jaw.  
I could only guess all the girls got up on the edge of their seats to watch, but she instantly gave in. “Please! I swear to God it wasn’t my choice! Please don’t kill me. They made me do it! Please!”
I just stared as the only real grownup in the room began to break down and cry. She had faltered. She wouldn’t have fought back. I would have met no resistance if I had decided to force her life to slip past a crooked gash in her throat. It would have been a real case of dying from guilt.
Blood started to trickle down my hand as I held my grip. One of the blades had been pressing up against each of my fingers. I had barely noticed it until then. I readjusted so that I held the scissors with the fine twin points conjoining at her adam’s apple and she flinched.
 Her freckles trembled and I could feel each breath through her neck. Soft wisps of her hair dangled on top of her lips as each quiver in her veins struggled to pump blood throughout her tensing body, yet even then she still wouldn’t look at me. Why wouldn't she look?
“Jessica...” Someone called for me from behind, but I kept the pressure on. “Tess.”
I looked at the hand tugging back on my arm again.
“She's not one of 'em,” said Ellie.
So what was she?
I looked back at the woman in front of me, a veiled husk of whatever she had once been. Now she was just an animal, a scared piece of life trying to preserve itself any way it knew how. She could only stare back and know that I was in control.  I decided what would happen. I would be the one to complete the next outcome of her life. I was dangling her above the unknown. I controlled her. She belonged to me.
“Please,” said Ellie. “Don't do it.”
I blinked, and a wave of uncertainty passed over me. Ellie was right. The woman had probably never hurt anyone. What the hell was I about to do? I found my grip slowly loosening until she slid down with her back against the wall, her head hanging low in her lap. She began to let it all out at the first relief. Coming back from that was almost too much for her to handle.
I let my hand drop down my side and watched blood start to patter onto the floor. I had no reason to take anything out on her. I knew what death was like and she didn’t deserve it. Nobody did. But I was betting I could still try to find an exception. I grabbed the woman's arm without warning and she started to let it all out again. “Get up.”
Ellie immediately got in front of me as I forced the woman towards the door. “What are you doing?”
“Leaving.” I tried to move, but she still wouldn't get out of my way.
“What makes you think they won't kill her too?”
I held the woman close to me as I thought about it. Ellie was right. Hiding behind a hostage wouldn't do any good if it would only turn into me carrying a lifeless body. She was smart, already a step ahead of me, which meant she knew what was really going on.
Ellie eyed the bloody blades in my hand and brought her hands up carefully. “I can get us out of here.” She pointed out towards the hall. “They'll see us if we try to go out the front, but I know where to go. If it's just the two us, we can slip by and—”
“No.”
That one had at least caught her off guard.
I stared across from her and then at the rest of the girls. “We're all going.”
It didn't take long for me to convince her.
She led us down the hall, a few feet ahead of the pack, while I pushed the woman in front of me with the points of the scissors up against her back. Rachel and the five other girls still learning to cope with puberty followed close behind.
The woman continued to sob and tried to gain some sense of composure as I held her hostage. Anyone would have been able to hear her mumblings from a mile away.
I increased the pressure on her back, careful not to break skin, and she cut it short with another tremble. “I’m not gonna hurt you...” The words had barely left my mouth before I remembered I was practically stabbing her in the back, but I couldn’t think of the right words to say. I had to convince myself the trauma would be for her own good.
 I forgot about it as soon as Ellie stopped us in front of a set of double doors with her hand hovering just above the handles, seemingly unsure.
I glanced around the empty halls to make sure we were still alone, but we couldn't just sit in the open. “What's wrong?”
She made up her mind. “It's a shortcut.”
I followed her into the school's theater. Small seats lined the rows on either side of us with our next exit just ahead. We were halfway there by the time I glanced at the stage. It was still set up from its last production, plus the addition of two fully fledged adult men who turned to look at us.
I immediately swung back to Ellie, but she had already stopped, frozen in place with her eyes behind what I still assumed to be the line of girls following me to their freedom. She started to reach out and I only realized what was going on when a sharp pain burned itself into the back of my neck.
I dropped down and screamed. I let go of the scissors and somebody kicked them away. The pain came back at my side as I crumpled up into a ball, breathless from the torture. It was a few seconds before I was able to look up at the man standing above me. He held something in his hand. It must have been the source of my agony.
“Jessica, is it?” he asked, his voice booming through the empty space. “We were just talking about you.” He had a little extra weight on him and carried himself like he owned the place. I already decided I preferred Ryan more. He lifted the small black box in his hands. “You know what the best part about a taser is? It doesn’t leave a mark—well, not a big one—and we got batteries galore. I mean, we could do this all day long.”  He pointed it at me. “That’s twenty-first century thinking for you right there.”
I craned my neck to see Ellie and the others already grouped together, and the woman from the classroom with an armed man ushering them back.
“Get 'em outta here.” He paused for a moment, the next part only loud enough for me to hear. “They don't need to see this.”
I watched the group leave from where we had come from and the doors closed with a bang. I was alone again. I didn’t want to get up. My time deciding my own fate was over. I had been left with whoever I had to thank for my new headache.
He decided to keep talking. He must have preferred the symbolism of his own words falling down on me. “Tell me, Jessica... Do you know how prostitution works?”
I had to think about it for a moment. Did I really know how sex worked? Sex for money?  I was a twenty-one year old white girl from the city who had to survive living with my parents and little sister, mood swings, high school suicides, my first shitty job in a long line of proposed shitty jobs, the looming, spiraling debt of college tuition, insensitive assholes that broke hearts, rising gas prices, car insurance, terrorism, and the incredible process of reprogramming ten different cell phones because I had kept losing them. I still had it better off than the vast majority of the world combined, especially for a woman, but I thought I knew how prostitution might have worked. I kept my side on the cold tiles, stubborn, and promptly told the piece of shit standing above me to go fuck himself. The colorful French bounced across the walls, joined by his laughter.
The man smiled. “Why, when I have you now?”
I had to bite my tongue. He was right.
Asshole.
He lifted his arms up to gesture at the theater, and then something more. “Let me be the first to introduce you to Arrino, Kansas. We’re short on food and almost out of water, but we have some pretty women. Would you rather I go out and kill people to get what we need or have them work together so that everybody wins?”
I didn’t even bother thinking up an answer. Forcing fourteen year olds into having sex, no matter how he justified it, would never make any sense.
“Just play by the rules and we’ll all get through this.” He stomped a heel on the floor, amused. “I mean, come on. Anyone your age should be begging to get laid.”
I wished I had my metal spike. I had at least managed to do some damage with that thing. The thought seemed fitting as Ryan and two others walked up from the stage to meet the man in front of me with a few mutters. Some part of me kept expecting Ryan to look at me lying on the floor and feel sorry for me, but it never happened. They stopped, agreed on something and started moving.
The man with the taser leaned in close as the others brought me up to my feet. He held the agony inducer just short of my chest, and I was glad he stopped it there. “This thing works, Jessica, and it’s gonna work for a long time.”
I fruitlessly struggled as they quickly tied my hands behind my back again and put tape over my mouth. The message definitely came across.
“Don’t forget that.”
The last thing I saw was his satisfied smug of a smile before they put something over my head and grabbed my arms, taking me wherever they wanted.
We left the school and started walking on open grass. I could feel the dry blades bend underneath my feet. For the first time in my life, I started to feel legitimately claustrophobic and had to concentrate to keep from panicking. Short, hot bursts of air shot out through my nose that felt insufficient while I was forced to move with the bodies that pressed up against my sides. The stiffness of the bag over my head rubbed against my face and was starting to get wet from my own moisture. I couldn't fight back or see anything. I couldn’t have screamed even if I had wanted to. I could only count the passing steps as my mind helplessly tagged along for the tantalizing ride.
A few minutes later my feet hit solid ground and we kept walking in silence. I heard a door open and somebody led me inside. The air was immediately cooler, wherever we were, and our footsteps held their sound. We took a few turns, opened another a door, but this time they pushed me through first.
They untied my hands and took the bag off of my head before closing the door behind me. I immediately turned around and tried opening it, only to feel a doorknob that wouldn't turn. I painstakingly pulled the tape off of my mouth and silently cursed at whoever had put it on without bothering to push my hair to the side.
I looked around. They must have shoved me into an apartment building. Everything looked like it belonged in a house but cramped together to take up less space. I quickly scoured the room to look for anything that I might be able to use. I checked the tables, opened up all the shelves, looked underneath the couch, and finally threw a fit in the kitchen due to the lack of utensils. They even took out all the spoons. They must have cleaned the place out ahead of time.
Demoralized, I gave up and walked into the bathroom, completely unready to face something that I hadn’t been expecting. As soon as I turned the corner, my reflection had bounced back at me from the wall. It had been so long since I had seen myself that it felt surreal.
I lifted a shaky finger and watched it connect with the one in front of me. I was unbelievably tan from the hours spent on the road and I had lost a good bit of weight, though it was probably too much. Over time I had found something that I just couldn’t quite get from scrubbing my face with chemicals.
Wherever there wasn’t any dirt, my skin had a natural shine along with my hair, probably from oil that I had never gotten the chance to wash off, and I had a small discoloration around a scar next to my left eye. It gave it a little depth and made my eyes look fierce. Even my cheeks were more pronounced. Where I had come from, I might have been called beautiful for it, but now I couldn't have felt uglier. If I could have given away my physical body to get out of that building, I would have done it in a heartbeat. It made me realize that the faded red spots on my face were actually dried spatters of blood that didn't even belong to me.
I tried rubbing them away until I saw something stir in the room behind me. I sprung around and looked at the source, a scruffy man sitting on the floor with his back against the wall. I hadn’t noticed him the whole time I was there. It suddenly struck me that I could have been put in that room for him. He looked tired, but nonetheless in incredibly good shape and could probably reach into my stomach and tear out my intestines with a single hand.
My nerves got the best of me. “Who the hell are you?”
He didn’t bother answering. He lifted a beefy arm up and pulled on a string, the blinds behind him quickly jumping out of the way as sunlight shot through the window and flooded the room and enveloped me.
I had to hold my hand up.
His entire body did a better job as he slowly got up to his feet and put me in his shadow, standing at least a good foot above me. He stepped closer and looked down. It was a common thing for me lately, but it still hadn’t lost its effect. He sized me up and I held my breath as I waited to see what he would do. Finally, he let it loose.
“There’s pie in the fridge.” He stepped around me and I let the sun bleach my eyes, frozen in place.
 I had to admit I wasn’t expecting that.

Murder-suicide
It turned out that Chris had thought I had been looking for food. As soon as we had cleared that awkward experience, we introduced ourselves. Meeting new people had been hit or miss for me for the past few days, but I was gratified to see someone who didn’t want to immediately take advantage of me. That and he had offered me pie. I would have told anyone that the quickest way to win me over would have been food or coffee. He had gotten one out of the two, but I supposed there was always room for improvement.
I thought that over and listened to him talk about the town all day and night as I shoveled food into my mouth. I had to use my hands, but things could have been worse. He could have told me that there wasn’t any more coffee left in the world. I let the crumbs fall down over my chin as he paced around the room, his giant chest literally leading the way for the rest of him. He could have easily killed me. I was glad that he was ‘one of the good guys,’ as Jeremy would have put it.
According to Chris, the town of Arrino already had a fairly long history of self-sufficiency, which was one of the reasons why it had rebounded so quickly once the world had gone to hell. Remote proximity from any major cities and roadways had also helped. The few hundred men and woman who had called it home beforehand had already grown accustomed to living on their own, which meant that the relative panic had been cut short. He described it as a group effort that could have only been accomplished if the vast majority of the population lived by the same morals, mainly one of respect, though now that was basically unheard of.
A quick surge in population followed by a dry spell and uneven management was pitting everything into despair. The thought of the drought continuing any longer meant no farming, no hunting, and no more self-reliance. The inhabitants would soon be forced to make a decision. Scavenging would only go so far and they knew it. They were scared. They fooled themselves into thinking that outsiders like Ryan could take charge and solve all their problems while others were either forced to obey, cast out, or simply locked up. Some ended up like Chris, lost in a hidden limbo because they had become too vocal in their opposition against the new regime but kept alive because of their useful skill sets.
It was morning again by the time I eyed him from across the room, our conversation reaching another natural lull, and however much it had bugged me before, it was apparent now that I wasn't alone anymore. He was surprisingly the type of person that I could invariably fall into a long discussion with while spending almost twenty-four hours locked inside of the same room together. Yet after waking up to see that nothing had changed around me, I realized that it wouldn't matter. We could have unraveled the meaning of life itself and I would always inevitably end up being the new whore in town at the end of the day. Just like before, I didn't have the luxury of picking my own identity.
Chris peered back at me in silence and I couldn’t help but stare at the numerous tattoos that lined his arms. After learning that he had been active duty in the military, the sleeves of ink seemed different. Maybe they told a story about his past, of some event so visceral as to prompt him to leave a physical mark on his body to mirror the one in his memories, but I wasn't sure if I wanted to know. For all I knew, he could have been looking at me and thinking the exact same thing based on what he saw, and I sure as hell didn't want to answer any of those questions.
I had neglected to talk about my past on purpose. I was sure he must have noticed that I had been dodging the topic since we met. He had only arrived a few weeks before I had, too late to make a difference and too early to be made an example of, but I didn't have the benefit of his military background. If I had, then maybe I never would have stepped foot in Arrino. Maybe I never would have run away. Maybe I never would have been such a coward.
I finally thought about saying something when a soft, metallic tapping sound started up again on his side of the room. I got up to my feet with a wince, trying to ignore the forgotten pain and eager for the change of pace. “She's back.”
“Check the door.”
Right.
Chris never rushed. He was always level headed, most likely a strict pragma instilled into his soul from countless days of training and fighting alongside other soldiers just as similar to him.
He waited as I checked the only door to our room. The doorknob must have been reversed, which meant that we had been locked in from the outside, but whoever was responsible for that had not bothered with the peephole. I stuck my eye to the glass and stared for a moment, only to see the same pattern of ugly wallpaper attached to an empty hallway. I gave him a thumbs up.
I turned to watch Chris effortlessly slide the couch away from the wall, a physical task better suited to him than a tornado lifting a semi off the ground. After that, I unscrewed a small metal plate at the bottom of the wall with my nails that had been haphazardly shut for quick access. Then I got onto my knees and grabbed Ellie's hands, pulling her out by the wrists from a small air-duct that connected our room to hers next door. She was the only one small enough to use it, but even that was pushing it.
She wiped a hand over her face and coughed. A small cloud of dust followed the puff of air and clung to the frayed ends of her hair. I couldn't help but feel for the dirty, cute little girl standing in front of me as she continued to brush herself off, though Chris was keen on keeping us in motion.
“What took so long?”
She took a moment to look between the two of us and I tried to reassure her with a short, courteous smile, only to fall back on to Chris. “If you want, you can go next time.” She gave us space and I shot him my best way to go look.
I walked into the kitchen and grabbed what was left of our pie. It was the last homemade remains of the town's productivity. I had made a mental note to save a few pieces for Ellie when she had crawled into our room the first time. Apparently Ryan had saw it fitting to lock her away and starve her for asking too many questions following my little scene in front of the rest of the girls. The apartments must have been where he hid people from the rest of the town. I couldn't believe how inhumane it had seemed at first, but I knew better now that it could have been a lot worse. For starters, she was still alive.
I walked back into the living room to see her steal a glance at Chris. With her height, she barely came up to his chest and I didn't fare much better. I was sure that she thought together we had made an unlikely pair, though it had been quick to get over. With her in the room, we seemed like one small, coherently dysfunctional family. Making friends was easier when everyone was being held captive against their will.
“Here...” I offered her what was left of our food and watched her hesitate, her eyes gleaming at the sight of something edible. I recognized the look, but for Ellie to try and hide it so well, she must have been used to the hunger, to the constant lack of energy for some time now. I was glad to see her finally give in.
“Thanks.” She took a seat with her mouth already full, looking more like a little kid than I thought she knew.  
Chris managed to give her a few solid seconds before prying. “So what'd you see?”
She continued to scarf everything down and answered between mouthfuls of air while both of us waited. “I did exactly what you said. There's nobody guarding the building, but everything's locked. I can't get to you guys from outside.”
“Okay... what about the police station?”
“You mean the Sheriff's office,” she corrected him. “No idea. I couldn't really get close. There were too many people and they were carrying stuff...” She thought about it for a second. “Maybe bricks? I think they're building something inside.”
“Like what?”
“How am I supposed to know?” She simply shrugged and a scowl flashed over Chris' face before disappearing in an instant. He must have been used to working with all sorts of people in incredible situations, but I had to guess that none of them had been starved fourteen year old girls. We were already asking a lot by letting her crawl outside the building and find out what was going on. The truth was that it had been her idea in the first place. She had taken the initiative to risk everything by herself. For her age and what she had probably already gone through, we couldn't ask for any more.
He crossed his arms and let it go, his new respect funneling patience for the girl in front of him. “Listen, you did a good job, but you really need to be careful out there.”
She rolled her eyes with words muffled by half-eaten pie. “No shit.”
I left the lively conversation and walked over to our only set of windows to press my cheek against the glass for a better a look. They had unsurprisingly been barred shut from the outside, but at just the right angle I could see distant shadows moving back and forth from the side of our building. It had been the same view at night, with the harsh glow of portable work lights powered by the distant hum of gas generators. Something was keeping the town busy enough day and night to use what was left of their gas. If what Ellie was saying was true, then it wouldn't be such a stretch to assume that someone was in a rush to finish some sort of construction. But of what? And why?
I watched as my breath smeared itself across the pane in front of me. Something like that was predictable, but not what was going on around me. I had an uneasy feeling ever since I woke up in Camp Maxwell that I attributed to the world imploding on itself and what I would have to look forward to, but now I couldn't shake the feeling that I was wrong. Like the sources of the shadows at the end of block outside, there had to be something that was just out of my sight.
“What else did you see?” I turned back to look at Ellie, her face square as she thought about it. “You grew up here, right? You know this place better than anyone else.” I struggled to come up with another thought that she could build on. I should have known that I had reached too far.  “What about your family?”
 She began to slow down, almost as if an invisible screen had been placed in front of her face. She tried to say something but quickly changed her mind.
Shit.
She kept her eyes on the floor as Chris shot me a quick glance. He didn't say anything, and he was better at it than me for not rubbing it in my face. He was already coming to my rescue. “What about the school? Tess mentioned it while you were gone.” That was putting it nicely. I had practically blown up in his face over the idea of it.
She kept glancing up at us nervously and she became the apprehensive little girl again that I had met back in the classroom. Yet just like before, she was still determined to see it through. “I mean, I didn't really have a choice, but I think a lot of the parents sent their kids there because they thought it would be safer than letting us run around like we used to, you know?”
“Is it?”
She frowned. “Look, I know what it looks like, but they didn't even do anything. Seriously.”
Not yet.
Ryan had made it clear what he had in store for me and so had the man in the theater, and I was sure that it would extend to the rest of the girls in due time. They must have been trying to keep it a secret for as long as possible. The townspeople might have been growing desperate, but they could never be persuaded to use their own women and children as bargaining chips to get what they needed. They would have to be forced. It would cause an uproar. In the meantime, anyone as young as Ellie could still be taught in secret that what they were doing would be for the benefit of everyone else. They might be gullible enough to think that by selling themselves they would be helping their families back home.
A worst case scenario would mean that the public found out, but at that point it wouldn't matter. Ryan and the others would already be a step ahead of the rest. It was a cold, calculated decision and the exploitation of others for self-benefit at its best. The kids must have been sent to the school so they could be under armed guard. They were supposed to be safe, but Ryan and the others had a different plan in mind. I checked to see Chris's worried face and saw that he must have been thinking the same thing.
Ellie fought to get our attention back. “I wasn't even planning on staying, but someone got hurt outside of town. They wouldn't tell us what happened and that's when they started acting weird.”
Was that what I had felt? I took the lead. “Weird how?”
“They separated us. They kept asking if we knew any Seds or what we knew about Paranormals. They kept trying to teach us that Seds were behind everything bad that happened.”
I crossed my arms. It was exactly what I had felt from Ellie before. I let the question out carefully. “And you don't believe them?”
She shrugged, unsure. “I knew someone. She was... different, but...” She shook her head. “I think it's B.S. They're just trying to find someone to blame.”
I met Chris' gaze and had to keep myself from smiling. So Ellie was smarter than the vast majority of the world combined, though she wasn't the only one not to fall for Knox's blame game. I was glad that she had seen it so easily.
She pushed her empty pie tin away from her, now a look of disgust on her face more than anything else. “They started making us wear jewelry, necklaces, rings, crap like that.” She starting pressing her nails into the tips of her fingers and her eyes grew distant, bouncing between unseen memories. It made me notice a silver ring on her thumb that was almost too big and I wondered who it had belonged to. “I thought they were starting to dress us up for...whatever... and that's when they wouldn't let anyone leave.”
Shit...
I could barely hear Chris start to encourage her for being brave. My head was stuck in the past. Ryan had practically accused of me being a Sed and had me touch a necklace back at the camp. What if he had been doing the same thing in Arrino? Was it possible to root out Paranormals that way? If he had seen my fit, he probably would have taken it as a sign. If any of the other girls had reacted the same way in front of him, what would he have done?
My question was cut short as the sound of someone outside our door immediately brought us all to our feet. Ellie motioned for the air-duct, but Chris quickly turned her around and guided her towards the kitchen. He caught my attention with a hiss and nodded towards the couch. I pushed the piece of furniture back along the wall and bounced back to attention just as the door swung open with Ryan in the center. He looked at us for a moment in brief uncertainty.
He still had a gun strapped to his hip, but was otherwise alone. He stepped inside and went back to his regular dick self when he prodded the couch I had just moved and Chris had been using as a makeshift bed. “You kids having fun yet?”
I let it slide. It took everything I had not to look behind me and make sure Ellie wasn't standing out in the open, so I tried to focus on what I would normally think to say if she wasn't hiding just a few feet from us. I had enjoyed talking with Chris. It also didn’t hurt that he could have killed a bear in the middle of the night if one had happened to find me. I’d fallen asleep feeling safer than I would have otherwise. I felt like I could trust him. I didn’t think even Ryan could ruin that buzz. I looked him square in the eye. Nothing was better than his absence.
“Always.”
He squinted at that and continued to hobble across the floor towards Chris's folded arms in front of the kitchen.
I looked down to see the metal grating from the wall just peek out from underneath the couch. I carefully pushed it out of sight with my toes. “How’s the leg?”
He stopped abruptly, catching on pretty quick. I thought I might have even seen him smile. “Ah, you know what they say. Stab a guy in the leg one day, he watches you get raped the next, but I’m sure you know how that goes...”
Chris cleared his throat. If he had been a part of the mean green war machine upholding standards and fighting for everything that I enjoyed in life, then Ryan would have been the personal embodiment of everything that he’d been trying to destroy, but he couldn’t do anything so long as he had that gun. We outnumbered Ryan three to one and we'd have the element of surprise, but the odds of it ending poorly were still too high for me.
I let it go before anyone decided to try. “What do you want?”
Ryan kept glaring at Chris before finally coming back down to me. “We’re going for a walk.”
“And what if I say no?”
He found that amusing. “You’re assuming you have a choice.”
It made me feel like an idiot. Food, water, and shelter felt good, but I never should have gotten comfortable as long as he was still alive.
“Don’t worry,” said Ryan. “We’ll be back.” He held the door open for me and took the chance to ridicule Chris. “Try not to invade another country while we’re gone, soldier boy.”
I left before he said anything else and watched from outside as he locked Chris inside our room. There were five other doors in the hallway that I was sure lead to the same thing and it made me sick to think that we weren’t the only ones being held prisoner. Ryan didn’t give me much time. We were already on the move.
I couldn't help but notice the lack of security this time around. “What, no blindfold?”
He looked over his shoulder and seemed annoyed. It made me feel a little better. “Kyle thinks you won’t try anything stupid after your last stunt.”
It took me a second to figure out who he was talking about. The only Kyle I knew had used to work at the mall and sell video games and hit on all the girls that had happened to walk into his store, but I assumed he must have been referring to the man at the school with the taser. I liked the first one better.
“So, you’re pretty much his bitch, right?” Comparatively speaking, anything I could do to piss Ryan off would be a small drop in the bucket, but I wanted to see him crack. Maybe if he knew how much of a dick he was, he’d kill himself and I’d be able to run away.
“I would’ve left you in the truck.” He held open another door and gave me his familiar sadistic grin, then gestured for me to move. It made me think it would probably be better to come up with a different plan.
After what I had learned from Ellie and Chris, it didn’t take me long to decide that Arrino was a strange place. It was big enough for a two story apartment building, yet further out in the middle of the sticks that I half expected a piece of tumbleweed to roll down the street next to us. It probably didn’t help that it was still early in the morning and hardly anyone else was outside. There weren’t any cars on the road thanks to the lack of gas and some of the buildings had obviously gone without care. It felt lonely, but the thought of being alone with Ryan forever gave me hope to think just the opposite.
We came up to a two-story house after a few minutes and he knocked on the door. I would have been upset that he didn’t gave me the same courtesy, but after a few seconds he went ahead and walked inside. It was a little cluttered, but otherwise better than where I had been staying.
“Martha?”
I was surprised to hear Ryan say her name, but she didn’t make an appearance.
He prodded me forward and closed the door behind us before going further on inside. “Stay here.”
I held my tongue and soon caught myself staring at a speck of dust that floated down in front of my face. I thought about making a run for it until it led me to notice a picture frame on the mantle just a few feet away. I picked it up and ran my finger over the smooth glass, leaving a grainy wake like a towel dragged across a beach.
A younger girl, probably just a few years older than me, stared back through the cloudy texture with a smile on her face. She looked remarkably familiar, but I couldn’t place where I might have seen her before.  I wondered if she had gotten out of town. Hopefully she had done better than I had, wherever she had gone. And if she wasn’t alive anymore, then at least she wouldn’t have to worry about it.
“Jessica...”
I put the frame down as Martha peeped in from around the corner.
“It’s good to see you.” She gave me a hug and cupped the side of my face with the palm of a hand.
I was a little embarrassed, but the truth was that we had gone through a lot together in a short amount of time. It was too bad none of it was any good.
She peered over my shoulder, her face already much colder. “Why are you here?”
Ryan stepped around us. “Kyle wants you to give her a checkup before he puts her to work.”
Puts her to work?
It was almost amazing how he had a natural talent to make me feel like utter garbage. I could feel Martha squeeze my hand. At least I wasn’t alone.
“Why?”
“Use your imagination. You’ve got five minutes.” He gave the room one last once-over, probably checking for any sharp objects that I might be able to use against him, then walked outside.
By the time I brought my attention back to Martha, she had already been taking me in.
“Are you okay?”
The sudden empathy was almost too much to handle. “Yeah.” I gave her a reassuring nod. “I’m fine.”
She scrunched her face and I could tell she wanted to press the question, but I was glad she didn’t. She looked back down at my arm before patting at her chest pocket to find and put on a pair of glasses. “Well, go ahead and take a seat, I guess.”
I did as I was told and tried to stay still while she pulled down a corner of my shirt.
“How’s the shoulder?” She checked the bandage next to my neck. It probably should have been changed a long time ago, but I did manage to keep it dry. Mostly, anyway.
“Better.”
She put a hand on my chin and turned my head to the side, looking at the bruise around my eye. “Any boyfriends?”
The question left me puzzled until I realized that it must have been a part of Ryan's checkup. I supposed it was in everyone's best interest to go along with his demands, though I preferred not to think about my sexcapades—or lack thereof.  I sighed. “A couple.”
“At the same time?”
“No.” I watched a grin spread across her face and she managed to make me smile. I could feel my face putting the unfamiliar muscles to use.
“You look beautiful. You should do that more often.”
I managed another one. It had been a while since I heard all three of those words in the same sentence. Sometimes they’d be accompanied by some sort of awkward sexual tension, but I didn’t think that would be a problem this time around.
She looked at me curiously and I could see the swelled up version of her eyes through her lenses. “Well as far as I’m concerned, whatever you’ve done before isn’t anyone else’s business, but if you want, I can tell them you used to give it away like Christmas.”
I smirked. “No...” Between her and Chris, I was starting to think I had underestimated the amount of good people left in the world. Yet after a brief pause, the smile was gone. It still made me sad to bring up the opposite. “You know what he's doing... don't you?” I had a feeling that I didn't have to mention Ryan by name and I was pretty sure she knew what I was talking about.
She let out a breath and took her glasses off, looking down for a moment before saying anything. When she finally did, her tone was more hopeful than anything I had been expecting. “I've lived in this house my whole life. I've never left this town. I've treated more people here than I can bare to count, including my husband. We watched our daughter walk across these floors and saw her fall in love and start her own family.” She squeezed my hand again, her next words strong with the memories of her past. “I am not going to run.”
I slowly began to put two and two together: the house, her story, the picture on the mantel, the little girl that had found me in the middle of the field and everything else that I had seen her do. I let it out quietly. “Amanda's your granddaughter, isn't she?” I watched as Martha brought her focus back onto my shoulder and she went back to work on my bandage.
“She's the single best thing to ever come out of this place.”
I winced reflexively and my skin started to sting, but her answer wasn't good enough for me.
If that's true, then why aren't you doing anything to help her?
“You're scared...” I refocused on her to see she had stopped moving entirely. “You're scared of what they might do to Amanda even though you know that just by being here she's being hurt every day. So you don't do anything. You're scared that she'll end up like your daughter...”
She let go of me. “My daughter was killed in front of her only child. I pray to God every day that Amanda was too young to remember anything about it. So yes, you're right. I am scared. What else did you have in mind?”
I didn't have an answer. I couldn't have possibly expected anything like that. “I-I'm sorry... I didn't—”
“No...” She thumbed at a spent wrap and stared at it for a moment. “No, it's not your fault. I'm sorry.” Her silence replaced the motion of her hands until she slowly got back to work. “But you're right. This is no place for her, even if she's safe for the time being.” Her eyes fell back onto me. “She asked about you this morning.”
As if I hadn't felt bad enough about Amanda before. Now I had to disarm my way through an emotional mine filled conversation. “How is she?”
“Considering everything that's been going on lately?” She managed a half-cocked grin. “Better. I had half a mind to kill her myself. She wouldn't stop talking about you.”
Me?
The mental image of the quiet kid staring at me with nothing to say begged to differ. “Why?”
“She likes you.”
There's her first problem.
“And she was paranoid that she would accidentally lose this...” Martha reached into a small pocket and pulled out the familiar heart shaped pendant. I could feel my stomach sink like a rock at the sight of it.
“It's beautiful.” Martha held up the necklace. “Was it a gift?”
I shook my head.
More like a curse.
She lifted it up over my head and I instantly flinched and almost smacked her hand away from me, the new wrap on my shoulder already pulled taught from the effort.
“What's wrong?” She looked at me like I was crazy. It was exactly what I was afraid of.
“I just...” I let myself ease back towards her and tried to relax. “Bad memories...” I stared at the chain coiling around itself. It looked more delicate than I had remembered.
Bad memories.
But not my own.
“I'm sorry. If you don't—” Martha started.
“No.” I gently grabbed her hand before she could lower it back down. “It's okay.” I swallowed the knot past my throat. If I was going to go through with being set on fire and forced to relieve someone else's memories again, then I wanted a witness. Who better than Martha?
She reached around my neck and clipped the chains together.
I pressed my nails into the palm of my hands, fully expecting the worst to hit at any moment, but it never came. I looked down at my chest to see the lifeless heart rest against my skin. I tapped it, and still nothing.
Was it broken?
I barely paid Martha any attention as she rummaged through a backpack on the floor. “Do you remember when Amanda found you unconscious back at the camp?”
I didn’t want to, but it would have been impossible to forget.
“You were still moving and muttering something in your sleep, almost like you were having a bad dream. It’s pretty rare, but it's not unheard of for someone to develop hallucinations or paranoia when they’ve been put into a stressful situation.”
Her words stung and left a bitter taste in my mouth. I didn’t know what to say to that. It wouldn’t look good if I had to argue that I wasn’t crazy, to blame it on the necklace that I was wearing peacefully right in front of her, but before I could get anything out, she grabbed my wrist and put a small plastic bag in the palm of my hand.
I looked down to see six small white pills inside. “What's this supposed to—”
“They’re strong depressants. One at a time to take the edge off. Take 'em all and you'd be down after a few minutes. You wouldn’t feel a thing.”
I stared at her, taken back. The thought she proposed had actually never crossed my mind until then.
“Or,” she said, making me hold my breath, “It would have to be three per person. Depending on their size, they might not go out, but it’ll definitely slow them down. You’d have a fighting chance.”
Sound couldn’t find its way out of my mouth. That was the last thing I had expected to hear from her. A younger version would probably have been devious enough to kill everyone in a square mile with her bare hands alone.
“You’re too good for this, Jessica. In my line of work, I’ve had to see the good ones come and go over the years, but you shouldn’t have to deal with this.” She grabbed my hand and folded my fingers over the small baggie. “Do you understand what I’m trying to tell you?”
I closed my mouth and nodded as my jaw began to work again. I was going to have a lot to think about. She had given me two different ways out and they both fit in my pocket.
“Amanda’s all I have left...” Her voice trailed off, but the thoughts came across loud and clear. “Just promise me you’ll take care of her if you ever get the chance.”
Roughly hashed out escape plans immediately flung themselves across my mind. There would be so many things to think about and even then the odds would always be stacked against me. Part of me wanted to refuse, to yell at her and tell her she was crazy to think that I could ever save someone else, much less myself, but I didn’t.
“I promise.”
She squeezed my hand one last time before Ryan came back. I couldn’t tell if either of them had said anything after that as I got up to meet him in the doorway, completely oblivious to the sounds around me.
I followed Ryan back through town with neither of us saying anything. I thought there might have been more people out that might have noticed I was new or maybe even recognized me back from the camp, but Ryan wouldn’t let me near any of them, much less have an opportunity to talk. He was my personal body guard and whatever he wanted was the law of the land. It was strange, yet I almost preferred being non-autonomous. I was too busy thinking about what Martha had said to even warn other people of what was really going on.
I told Chris what had happened as soon as I got back to the apartment and showed him the plastic bag in question. Ellie had already left to look into more places that he had wanted her to visit, so I watched him stare at the pills on a table as we sat on either side. I could just make out the faint sounds of construction from outside start up again when he looked back up at me. 	“You're sure you wanna do this?”
“I’m not gonna kill myself.” It seemed like a harder question to answer before, but I made up my mind as soon as I saw him. If I had been alone for the past few weeks, it might have been a different story, but we were both alive. We had the chance to do something with that, so it made sense to me that we might as well try. I had also promised Sarah that I would keep going no matter what.
“Good.” Chris was a trained fighter. Surrender probably wasn’t even a part of his vocabulary. “Then we’re gonna need a plan.”
I started to get uncomfortable. The last plan I was a part of didn’t end so well. There was also the other part I conveniently forgot to tell him. We would have to go get Amanda.
He shook his head as soon as I told him. “No way. This is already gonna be risky enough as it is. We can’t spend more time that we don’t have looking for someone when we don’t even know where to start. We'll have to come back for her.”
I bit my lip. He made it sound worse when he put it like that. “Then we wait. We'll ask around. We'll spend an extra day or two or until we find her.”
“That’s assuming we get the time and the chance. What if they make you leave tomorrow morning? Even if Ryan took you somewhere again tomorrow, you would only see whatever he’d let you. You said it yourself that he wouldn’t let you out of his sight.”
He was right again. I should have known better than to argue with him. He must of had years of experience planning out missions days, weeks, or even months ahead of time. He probably had it boiled down to a science by now.
I wasn’t ready to give up on Amanda just yet, but we also had a bigger problem. We had drugs we could use to knock someone out, but we didn’t exactly have five star hotel quality room service. People came when they wanted to, sparingly, kept their distance, and for short periods of time. At that rate, our best chance would be to spike one of their drinks on New Year’s Eve.
Chris seemed past that part already. “We’re gonna need supplies: water, food, weapons. The sheriff's office is just a few blocks from here. It would be the easiest place to hold all of that in one area and there would be at least enough for the two of us. The less stops we have to make, the better.”
“Who exactly do you plan on shooting that we need to raid an entire armory?”
He looked at me like I had kicked a baby. “Who don’t you plan on shooting?”
I didn’t want to say that was typical. I just wished that it wasn’t the first thing he automatically thought of. I also didn’t mean to make a face. It was a bad habit and I needed him on my side, but I was sure he still noticed.
“Look,” he said. “It’s not this place I’m worried about, it’s everything after.”
And what about Amanda after?
“Then how come we get to go and the eleven year old girl doesn't? What do you think is gonna happen to her?”
“The world's a shit show, Tess. Life's unfair and we have to deal with it. She has to learn to deal with it. We can't risk looking for her when we barely even know if we can make it out ourselves.”
I kept my mouth shut and crossed my arms. He must have took it as a sign to keep talking.
 “I don't know, okay? You tell me. Why the hell is life so unfair?” He held for a moment, his demeanor more curious now than anything else. “And since when do you care about what happens to anyone?”
“I DON'T.”
He stared at me in silence, surprised maybe.
I had mostly kept to myself the whole day we had spent together. I could have come across as self-centered, disinterested or annoyed. I wasn't sure. Now I wanted to keep going. I wanted to explain, but I didn't know how. The words had just come out like a reflex.
Amanda, Martha, Jeremy, Nick, Murphy, Chris, Ellie...
I could remember all their names when I had no damn good reason to. I did care. I cared about what happened to the people around me. It was just easier not to. If I pretended they didn't exist, I wouldn't have to worry about them. If I ran away with Chris and forgot I ever met anyone else, I wouldn't have to think about leaving them behind. I was already feeling guilty before I even did anything and I couldn't understand why I had trouble recognizing it. Since when the hell had it become the norm to not give a shit about anyone but yourself?
I was about to bring it up until we heard a knock come from the hall.
I crammed the pills back into my pocket and we both stared at the door. When nothing happened, I thought maybe Martha had gotten a hold of Amanda and she’d been able to find us. All our problems would have been solved.
I should have known better.
I stood up and watched with wide eyes as Chris slowly made his way towards the peephole when the door flew open abruptly and narrowly missed his face.
A line of men immediately burst into our room and tackled him to the ground.
I tried to move when one of them pushed me against the wall, put a taser to the side of my neck and set it off. My jaw clenched and I shut my eyes in automatic misery as pain crashed itself through every single instance of my body. I was lucky I didn’t bite my tongue off.
When I opened my eyes again, Chris’s head was flush with the floor, his face red with exertion. It had taken four other men to take him down and even then they had trouble keeping him there, but even his super powers weren’t enough for their combined weight. I only looked at the familiar taser in front of my face and willed it to death. I was starting to piece the reasons for the random violence together when the man from the school walked in and stopped in front of us.
“Imagine my surprise,” said Kyle, “When I woke up this fine morning to hear one of our prettiest little girls has been blabbering all across town about the bad men at school.”
Ellie.
Her little face flashed in front of my eyes until Kyle reached down for a button on the front of my chest and rolled it in between his fingers.
 “It didn’t quite work out so well.”
The meaning slowly sank in and filled my limbs with dread. I couldn't move.
	He gave me a curt smile and let go. “So let me explain this to you in a way that you might understand...” He held up a taser in one hand and a hammer in the other. “One of these leaves a mark, the other one doesn’t.” He balanced them. “Well, more or less.” He smiled. “I mean, we can't have our women walking around with black eyes, now can we?”
My insides instantaneously dropped five feet. I knew where this was going and I just wanted to get it over with, but I really didn’t know if I’d be able to handle it.
“You really don’t leave me with another choice.” He kept his eyes on me, then turned to the men on top of Chris. “Get him up.”
“NO!” I tried to claw at him but was held back. I never stopped. Never. I screamed the entire time, crying and cursing him out with every single insult I could possibly imagine, but I never made it past the arms pressing my back against the wall. I watched, helpless, as they picked Chris up and forced him to put his hand on the table in front of me.
They tasered him, beat him, and it still took a fifth person to get him to obey, but they made it happen.
Kyle raised the hammer above his head and waited for me to look. He wanted me to see. It was all for me, after all. “We lost a good one today. Who knows what that means for us down the road, right?” He thought about it. “I think five for one is more than fair.”
The hammer came down on Chris’s hand and his legs buckled underneath the impact. He fought harder than I would have ever been able to, but his face still withered in agony. The hammer came down again, splintering more bones and forcing them to move throughout his hand. The hits were random. They weren’t meant for each finger. They just went wherever Kyle wanted.
The hammer punctured his hand a third time, then a fourth. By the time Chris made it to the last one, he was screaming. They threw him to the ground and he grabbed the base of his wrist as it shook uncontrollably. I couldn’t even guess what kind of pain he was in.
“Chris...” I dropped down next to him as Kyle and the others left without saying another word. They didn’t have to. They had gotten their message across. I struggled to pull out the tiny bag of pills as soon as the door closed, but Chris pushed them away.
“No.”
“What? Come on, you’re—”
“Stop.”
I tried to hold his arm steady in my hands, but he pushed me off.
“Save 'em.”
I couldn’t believe him.
He couldn’t stop shaking. He swore, clenched his teeth and looked up at the ceiling.
I didn’t know what else to do. “How can I help? Chris, tell me what to do.”
He stared at a former functioning part of himself for a few seconds before forcing himself to think. “Water. Get a bowl. Anything I can use as a wrap.”
I ran into the kitchen without hesitating and threw open the cupboards. I got the bowl and sat it down, then froze at the jar of honey in front of my eyes and stared at the amber. For some reason I thought back to what Zach had done for me. He said sugar was supposed to help fight off bacteria and even help with the pain. I wasn’t sure if it had worked for me, but I thought it had. If I could get Chris to at least feel like he was in less pain, I’d be more than willing to try it.
I walked back into the room and kneeled down in front of him, gently guiding his broken hand over the bowl in my lap. Zach had used sugar packets, but honey was sweet. If anything, it would probably work even better. I lifted the jar over his hand and started to tip it.
“I think this should help, but it’s gonna hurt.” I felt like an ass telling him the obvious, especially after what I’d just put him through.
“Just do it.”
I turned the jar over and watched as the honey dripped down and slowly submerged his hand like glue. He winced and the shaking seemed to lighten up a little. Maybe it was just weighed down. I wasn’t sure, but I wasn’t going to let go. I wanted to do everything I could to help and hoped that just being there might make it a little easier for him. He wouldn't have to go through it alone.
After that, neither of us said anything for a while.
His arm would twitch every few seconds, but the shaking died down to an occasional jitter.
I focused on his breathing and the rest of my thoughts veered off automatically. I couldn’t help but think about Zach again. I noticed that after everything that had happened recently, thoughts of him never had a chance of making it past my head. I began to drift towards Sarah like I’d been growing accustomed to and it made me wonder about Amanda. She was so young but would have to face everything else in the new world like the rest of us.
 Horror movies had always used to scare me when I had been her age. I’d end up having trouble falling asleep and had to find a way to deal with them, but by the time I had grown up, it didn’t matter. Most things didn’t really scare me anymore. I would always find something to be nervous about, but the kind of fear that I had felt before—how could that even compare to witnessing the death of your own mother? Even if Amanda had been too young to remember it, she'd be old enough to remember Camp Maxwell. Experiences were vital. They became ingrained for the rest of your life, for good or for worse. In all likelihood, she probably wouldn’t end up living a normal life. Horror movies would be the least of her problems.
Ellie and all the other girls would have to face it too, if they weren’t gone already. They had watched a stranger almost murder someone and all they could do was cry. That was the innocence they’d almost lost, that I'd almost taken away from them. Now it didn't even matter. They’d lose it anyway if Ryan got what he wanted. Growing up a sex slave would push them to their very limits. It would be impossible for that kind of trauma not to bleed over into the rest of their lives.
The cuts on my fingers began to burn, but I refused to give in and move them. It made me think back to the woman I had taken hostage in the school. She had felt so guilty and sad because of what she had done, but Kyle didn’t. He wouldn't. Even when Ryan had been halfway beaten to death at Camp Maxwell, he hadn't cared. He had known what he had been doing and he hadn't given a single fuck who paid the price.
And then there was me.
My family, Zach, Scott, Simon, Mike, Jeremy, and now Chris were paying the price because of me.
I said Chris' name, softly, almost without realizing it, and he looked up at me.
“What is it?”
I stared at the scruff on his face and thought about what he had gone through and what I had done. It already happened once before, so I knew I could do it again, but the next time would be different. It had to be. I’d make sure of it. Martha wanted me to save a life and I couldn’t think of any other way, so I let the words fall out evenly as I met his eyes. “Teach me how to kill.”

The Red Orchestra
I sat back and looked at my handiwork, fiddling with the pieces of wallpaper that had managed to get stuck underneath my fingernails. I had etched a few words into the wall behind the couch in the apartment. I wasn’t sure why, but it had felt better to do it with my bare hands. It was personal and nobody would know to look for it. Eventually someone might find it after rearranging the room, but even then it’d be our little secret. After some time it would fade away just like everything else. Nobody would be around to see it. It would be lost, just like me.
I could hear Chris’s footsteps stop close behind, the floorboards gently groaning underneath his weight. I didn’t have to turn my head to know he was looking at it. I was sure he understood it was just an outlet, a therapy used to pass the time while we waited. Soldiers were artists, musicians, and writers too. He knew not to ask what it meant.
“You ready?”
No.
I took one last good breath and stared at the prose on the wall. It was a note for Ellie in case she was still alive and came back to an empty room, but really it was my own personal goodbye. Knowing that, it really should have been left back at the camp. There would be an empty tent there with a lifeless body inside. It belonged there.
I stood up and moved the couch back against the wall, only pausing to look at Chris’s bandaged hand. We had improvised with some towels from the bathroom, but numerous red blotches had continued to bleed through. Neither of us were physically functioning at our best, though it became apparent that we’d only get worse if we stayed put. It would be sloppy and over rushed, yet we had to leave. Postponing it would only make the escape more difficult for the both of us. After a day of continuous prepping with limited contact from the outside world, we were as ready as we were ever going to be.
Chris held out what was left of my cell phone. The battery was dead, but he had taken off the back cover and split it in half, sharpening each piece on the table until they each had a fine point prime for breaking skin. “Don’t miss.”
 I grabbed a hold of my plastic shiv and admired the tenacity from which it was born, hours spent relentlessly mulling it into the correct shape closely followed by a crash course on how to murder someone with a sharp object. Even with Chris’s bum arm, I still had trouble keeping up and had fumbled through the motions. He had taught me to aim for one of three targets if I had the time: the carotid artery in the neck, the iliac artery just above the waist, and the femoral artery in the thigh. It would be better to make most of each swing, but I’d still hit flesh and inflict some kind of damage even if I missed my target. That was his thought process. It was how he worked.
For him, it was good, better, or best. There was no perfect situation or reaction to an event, only a series of actions that could be taken in a set amount of time that would lead to the most desired possible outcome. Thinking like that in the middle of the night and forcing my body to keep moving had been daunting, but I had tried to focus as much as I could. It was obvious I had a lot to learn from him. We had looked at the options available to us and decided on what would give us our best chance of survival. The first hurdle was getting out of the room, which he left up to me.
I was nervous, but I figured if NASA could fix a rocket ship with duct tape and a pair of socks in the seventies, then I should have been able to pick a lock with two halves of a toothbrush. I pulled out the two highly technologically advanced pieces of equipment from my back pocket and got to work on the door while Chris kept an eye out through the peephole. Ideally we would have switched places, but in an ideal world his dominant hand wouldn’t have been broken by a hammer.
He had taught me the basics and pressured me to practice the moves over and over again. Silence and patience were key. If anyone heard us, things could get interesting really quick.
Just a few minutes in however, he apparently thought it would be good enough to risk it. “There a problem?” He kept his face glued to the lens in front of us as I wiped a wet strand of hair from my face with the back of my hand.
“No.”
It was a “simple” matter of applying torsion to the lock cylinder with one hand while pushing each interior pin down until they locked into place with the other. Each half of the toothbrush was filed down to less than half its original width and one was carefully bent so that it could turn the lock. The problem was that we only had the one. If it broke, the next highest rated alternative would be to kick the door down or set our room on fire and hope someone came before we burned to death, though waiting for anyone to come on their own time was pretty far down on Chris' list, and for good reason.
We were also running out of daylight. Chris wanted to get out during the magic hour—the precious few minutes of the day when the sun was close to the horizon, throwing off blended colors and casting shadows so that the human eye had trouble making out distinct shapes from far away. Therefore, the less people could see and shoot at us accurately while we still had enough light to see where we were going, the higher our chance of making it out alive.
I let that thought teeter at the edge of my mind as I anxiously watched the last bit of sun dip underneath my hands. If I took any longer, I was going to start fumbling in the dark.
Chris was already on top of it. “We should try again tomorrow.”
“No.” I swore at the piece of metal as I finally felt the last pin settle and turned the lock.
Chris quickly cracked the door open and checked the hallway as I opened up my plastic baggie to look at the small white pills. He had actually managed to convince me to take them as a part of his backup plan.
 The idea was that if we weren't out of town by the time the depressants started to kick in, then something would have gone terribly wrong. Hopefully, it would prompt someone to take me to Martha so that she could treat me before I died. That was assuming that she would even go along with their demands. There was always the chance that she would realize I’d taken the pills and she would just let me go. Regardless, I wouldn’t end up back in the apartment. The whole point was that if I woke up, it would be somewhere else and I could plan accordingly. The entire process would restart. At least, that was the theory.
Chris pulled his head back in from the hallway and nodded his head, the sign for the all clear.
I threw the pills in my mouth and forced the lump past my dry throat. I couldn’t help but think that if I got shot and bled to death, then at least it wouldn’t be as painful. The idea was barely comforting as we quickly went out into the hallway. We wouldn’t have time to check the other doors. It was my job to show Chris how to get out. He would handle the rest.
I glanced in both directions and had to fight to urge to cower away from the sudden darkness. Without the ambient lighting that I had neglected to notice before, each path seemed like a looming pit contrasted with specks of white from the lighter doors on either side. Both ways, I couldn't see the end. Something could have been waiting for me. I felt like we were about to be swallowed whole. I forced myself to tap Chris on the shoulder and pointed him in the correct direction.  We didn't have time to be afraid.
We started to make our way down the narrow corridor with sharp plastic in hand. I made sure to check behind us every ten steps or so to make sure no one got the jump on us like he had instructed me to do. The rhythmic counting also had the unforeseen side effect of giving me something else to focus on. I was exhausted from the lack of sleep and felt high strung, as if I could snap from the tension at a moment’s notice, but the gravity of the situation made my arms and legs feel lighter than air.
It didn’t take us long to reach the end of the first floor since nobody had bothered to guard the building. As soon as I saw the doors, it took everything in me to stop myself from bolting out into the open until I fell over. Chris had been adamant that we walk as soon as we got out. No matter how secluded we had felt over the past few days, we had still been locked up in the middle of a town. The longer we could go undetected, the better.
I stuffed my plastic shiv into my front pocket and held my breath until we stepped out into the open. The town was exactly as I had remembered—empty. It still caught me off guard.
Chris ushered me along.
I pressed my thumb against the plastic knife in my front pocket as we walked down the sidewalk. It used to keep my phone safe, but now I planned on jamming it into someone’s throat. I could still remember when I had gone to the mall with my mom to pick out our phone cases together. I never would have thought that I’d find myself wondering if the pink one with small cat faces would kill someone faster. It was the only thing I could think about to keep from going insane as a man walked by us, seemingly unalarmed.
Chris muttered underneath his breath as soon as he passed. “Third one on the left.”  
My eyes snapped onto the building a few hundred feet still in front of us. The sheriff's office was closer than we had planned. I couldn't remember if that was good or bad. Dead or alive, it was what Ellie had managed to scout out for us. And now we would be leaving without her. I could feel my stomach turn over itself and wondered if Chris could hear it.
“Just do it exactly like we practiced. Follow my lead and remember to make eye contact.”
I nodded, not sure if he wanted me to answer as we walked up the first few steps, and I held the door open for him. That was when someone shouted at us from behind.
“Jessica!”
I froze as my heart skipped a beat, my body barely functioning enough to turn to see Martinez run up to us as Chris caught the door and walked inside without me.
“What are you doing out here?” asked Martinez. “Where’s Ryan?”
Thoughts fumbled in my head and I struggled to find something, when suddenly, all the years of experience I had gained lying to my parents rushed back into existence as an instantaneously constructed bullshit excuse flew itself out of my mouth. “He wanted to show me the inside of a cell.”
Martinez raised his chin. “Seriously?”
“Yeah.”
Please don’t call my bluff.
He took a step forward and I readied myself to run. He pointed a finger at me. “Whatever. You tell that asshole to put his shit back where it belongs. I'm tired of cleaning up after him.” He paused and eyed me for a moment. “And tell me if he’s not giving you enough food. I’ll make sure you get his share.”
I let my eyes run over the scene in front of me, fully expecting Ryan to pop out of nowhere and catch us in the act. I figured it must have been a trap, but I kept going. “Yeah—sure.”
“Don’t get caught outside in the dark. I'm serious.” He frowned and turned away while I waved him off, my heart beating itself out of my chest.
“Let’s go.”
I jumped again as Chris grabbed my shoulder and pulled me into the station. I wouldn’t get any time to think about what had just happened as he dragged me down a hallway and up to a single man behind a counter. His hat edged the side of his head as he looked up at us, his face tired and worn.
“What can I do you for?” He looked at me, then back at Chris, heavy bags underneath his eyes. He didn’t recognize us.
I was glad Chris had wanted to take the lead. I didn't think I would have been able to keep my voice steady for long enough. “Ryan sent us to move some supplies to the school. Says he wants it more secure or somethin'. I dunno. We'll just—”
“Hold on a sec.” The man threw a clipboard up onto the desk. “Ain't nothin' movin' around here without it getting signed out first. Y'all should know that already.” It took me a moment to realize what he was saying through his lengthened drawl, but when I finally did, I realized it was nothing good. In fact, it was far from it.
He reached into his pocket and I saw a handgun holstered at his side. “Okay.” He clicked a pen to life. “Names?” He looked at the two of us in turn again and my body completely froze.
Chris pointed down at the clipboard, as calm as can be. “That's us—right there.”
What?
The man looked down only to find Chris lean over the counter and jam his plastic knife into his throat, pulling it up into the soft spot underneath his jaw. A small torrent of blood immediately began to flow down his neck with every pulse of his veins and onto Chris’s arms before hitting the desk. His scream was silenced as he drowned from the inside out.
I couldn't move. I just watched as Chris jumped the counter, keeping the pressure on the man’s throat, until he pushed him down onto the ground and out of site.
Chris sprang back up with his gun, a set of keys, and covered up to his elbows in blood. “Tess—knife.”
Shit.
My hands shook and fumbled over each other as I finally remembered to pull my own knife out before following him into the next room.
Chris quickly cleared the area with a pistol in his left hand, pointing it at a row of guns locked up behind a cage. “Right there.”
He tossed me the set of keys and I unlocked the holy grail of weaponry in front of us. My eyes automatically fell on Zach’s M4 assault rifle, the familiar blue ribbon still tied around the butt stock. I grabbed it as Chris reached for his own gun and started stuffing boxes of bullets into a duffle bag.
“Here.” He handed me an empty bag. “Fill it with food and water. Whatever you can find.”
I started to juggle with everything in front of me before sticking my head through the rifle strap and throwing it over my shoulder.
“We got two minutes. Hurry up.”
I ran into the next room and searched for anything I could find. My eyes quickly glazed over every surface until I found the familiar signs: cabinets, a faucet, a mini fridge. I tore each of them open and stuffed the contents into the bag. I didn’t even bother looking at what I was taking as long as it wasn’t empty. There would be time to sort it out later.
I slammed another empty cabinet shut as I looked back down at the half-filled piece of nylon. There had to be more. I swung my rifle back in front of me as I ran into another hall, a row of jail cells. They were all empty so I kept running until someone called my name again.
“Tess?”
I dropped the bag and struggled to bring my gun up until I pointed it at a brick wall. Confused, I looked down to see a pair of hands poking out of a small slot halfway from the bottom.
“Hey, it’s me.” They waved and I couldn’t believe I recognized the voice again.
“Jeremy?” I threw the rifle to the side and fell onto my knees and grabbed his hands. I could barely make out his eyes on the other side as we both smiled at each other.
“What the hell are you doing here?”
 I almost laughed, glad to hear his voice again. “I don’t know.”
“Well fuck, that’s good enough for me. Can you get me the hell out of here, please?”
We held on to each other, my smile fading as soon I looked around for a door handle, a lock, anything that I could recognize as a port of entry. The bricks were stacked on the inside of the cell and it made it look like a tomb. The grout was still fresh. I could still smell and see it stick out from the cracks. It must have been what Ellie had seen before, but all of it for one person? For Jeremy? I came back down to him. “How?”
“I don’t know. There’s a door behind me on the other side. That’s how I got in.”
“Don’t move. I’ll be right back.”
“Where the hell am I supposed to go?”
“Shut up.” I smiled and kissed his hands before finally grabbing my rifle again.
I left the duffle bag on the ground and started to run back down the hall from where I came in, faintly remembering another path that I thought would lead to him. I spent so much time rushing that I had never even bothered to check if my gun was loaded. If I did, I would have been ready. Instead, I just stared at another man’s face as I turned the corner and ran into his chest. I couldn’t think.
I brought my rifle up and pulled the trigger, but nothing happened. Not even the familiar click. I hadn’t even cycled the bolt. At that point I might as well have been holding on to an expensive paper weight. I pulled the trigger again to find the same thing happen when the man in front of me finally recovered and reached for a pistol at the side of his hip. I let go and reached for my shiv. I shoved his chest to try and knock him off balance.
He managed to bring his gun up just as I pushed the tip of my sharpened plastic down and into his shoulder to send a cry of pain from his mouth and a bullet across my face.
A flash of light immediately burned itself into my eyes and my ears were ringing. I struggled to see past the grit in front of my nose and I pushed him over a desk and onto the ground. I couldn’t believe I had missed. I couldn't believe he had missed.
He started to blindly fire in my direction and I dove for cover. The sudden explosions that hurled metal towards my body were completely unknown to me and were absolutely terrifying, but I couldn’t stop.
I grabbed the end of my rifle with both hands at the base and waited, springing up to swing it like a bat at the side of his head when he came closer. I missed again and skinned a piece of his hand off as his pistol flew across the room and hit the wall. I brought my arms back for another swing, but I took too long.
He grabbed me by the waist and tackled me down, my back hitting the ground first followed by the extension of my head a split second later. The pain was numbing and threatened to cut out my vision as he stole my rifle and pushed it against the base of my throat.
 I pushed up as hard as I could, but he was too strong. I could feel the edge of the rail system cut into my skin as I struggled to breathe. I was losing. My body deprived of oxygen, everything started to feel like lead. I could see darkness start to close over my eyes just as the man shook explosively.
His shoulder bounced over the side of his body when a deafening roar broke into my ears and a piece of his chest burst outward onto the wall behind me. He fell over dead before he even hit the ground.
I could barely see Chris at the end of the hall with a rifle in hand while I absolutely exerted myself to force air through my mouth and back into my lungs.
“Tess!” He pulled me up and I tried to stop my coughing fit, my eyes barely making anything out. “Come on, we gotta go. We’re going loud from here on out.” He swung the sling of my rifle back over my shoulders and pulled me along, but I protested. I needed to tell him about Jeremy. I needed to show him where to go.
I looked up and finally managed to get a single word out as another sharp pain crashed itself into the base of my spine and up into the back of my neck. I instantly recognized the defibrillating torture and I struggled to keep myself awake. I couldn’t believe it was happening again. Out of all places, it had to have happened there and then. I could feel the necklace burn a hole through my skin.
I dropped down onto my knees and screamed as a molten hot bar seared a path through the back of my skull. I struggled to keep my eyes open and Chris pulled me up. My legs couldn’t support my own weight anymore as I fought the transition.  I could feel my mind start to slip away from my body. I couldn’t control anything anymore. I was still caught in between worlds. I could barely tell as Chris started carrying me through the next hallway, my conscience falling through the cracks and into a precipice unseen before I arrived.
I could feel her again.
We both looked down at our dress and onto the top of our stocking covered legs straddled by uncomfortable heels. We ran a hand down the side of our hip and smoothed out the wrinkle next to the side of our thigh, the red silk smooth against our skin.
I felt embarrassed from their laughter as warmth immediately flooded my cheeks. I stared at the ground and tried to point it away, but they had made fun of me because they didn’t understand what I was. I had been ridiculed, my heart broken, my dignity slashed into pieces in front of my own eyes. They couldn’t have known who I was. They couldn’t. I wouldn’t be able to take it any longer. I’d just have to show them.
An immense, dark, engulfing feeling of hatred boiled up inside of my chest as I reached down and grabbed a gold plated knife off a dinner table. I flashed my best smile as I walked across the ball room, the live orchestra drowning out my footsteps on the clear marble floor as scores of dancers pranced to either side of me like a river parting around a boulder. Now it was my time to smile. I was going to show them who I really was. I was going to teach and they’d be enlightened.
I reached the small group and they turned to look at me, smug. I met their smiles again, this time genuine. They were going to be my friends now. I sidestepped the first woman and grabbed her husband, bringing him down into the sloppiest kiss I could muster around his lips. I took what I wanted. This was the real me.
His woman pushed me off, speechless, her prowess for feigning ignorance quickly morphing into utter contempt. “What do you think you’re doing?”
I smiled again and brought the knife up to meet their eyes.
I want to show you.
 I watched as the blade melted through their abdomens like butter. I could feel their pain as blood wept from their bodies uncontrollably. They were terrified. They should have been. The real me was one to be afraid of.
I caught a man’s fist in my hand as he swung it towards my face. I met his eyes and they bulged out in surprise. He didn’t think that was possible, but I knew now.  I knew how life worked. I crushed his hand from the sheer strength of my own and watched as he crumbled down onto the ground, screaming for his torture to stop, but it wouldn’t, not tonight. Tonight, I had to show them.
I felt the bones scrunched in the palm of my hand further rearrange themselves while I squeezed them into a ball. His pain was amazing. It was so intense, so profound, that I could have felt it from outside. I stabbed him in the chest repeatedly until I watched his breathing slow to a stop. His life escaped with the last beat of his heart and I wondered, is that how he was meant to understand who I was? Is that how a witch introduces herself?
The other two in front of me began to run away as the music began to fall apart.
I turned back to face the screaming crowd, only to see a line of men clad in steal armor that gleamed with light as they brandished their swords and came forward.
“Drop the knife!”
The rest of the men and women began to run away at the sight of it all, but I closed my eyes and held the doors in place.
 I could feel them knock their bodies against the individual grains of wood, but it wouldn't be enough. They were held back. It was exactly what I had been practicing for.
“I said drop it!”
I opened my eyes to see the soldiers come in closer and start to encircle me— a killing formation, no doubt, but for who? I held my hand forward and grinned as they became transfixed on the knife that floated up above my palm on an invisible curtain of air.
Yes sir.
I flicked my wrist and watched the missile drive itself into the nearest man's throat before he doubled over in agony. I relished his pain. I strove to memorize the physicality and the pattern of the damage as it had torn his skin in two and pierced deep into his flesh.
The rest of the soldiers charged at me and I brought my hand forward to keep them still.
I closed my eyes and immediately found their throats, soft skin underneath lips that parted to shout for help, to scream aimlessly and to open for air. I could feel the intense network of veins throughout their faces, a web that fed and nourished the complicated muscles all the way to the surface, but that wasn't what I wanted.
I swam back down and onto the side to find their jugulars, pulsating deeply and profusely amid their new stress, and I cut them open. I reached across the veins on their necks and forced a fissure to open up underneath their jaws. Like gliding a hidden blade in front of me, each man in turn began to panic and choke as blood erupted from their bodies and washed over their chests.
I let go and they fell in silence. All of them. Every single one. I was suddenly surrounded by the sound of a hundred human beings drowning in their own fluid and a shiny floor that was increasingly becoming covered in crimson.
The doors to the room rocked back and forth from the pressure and shouting from outside. The grains began to splinter and crack. I wouldn't be able to hold them still for much longer.
I cast out for the small flames lit on each table and washed them over the bodies, over the walls, over the floor and onto the silent orchestra drenched in blood. I watched as the fire started to catch on its own, now fed by new fuel that would turn to ash and nourish the earth once more.
Then I heard the screaming.
I turned to face a woman as she tackled me onto the ground. She had been torn apart, her body spent and bleeding, exhausted. Still, surrounded by fire, she managed to force her hands around my neck, pressured the air to escape my lungs and kept me from breathing. I struggled to fight back as my vision began to fade, but it was hopeless. It grew dark and I began to see the familiar night sky filled with stars.
When I came back, I opened my eyes to see Chris on top of me with his hands underneath my chin.
“Jessica!”
I turned over onto my side and threw up, the pain in my throat coalescing until I could finally breath again. I coughed and sputtered and threw myself onto my back, scrambling away from Chris until I finally noticed we were outside. The sun had long set and we were in the middle of nowhere.
“Are you okay?”
I pulled my hand up to stop him from coming any closer. I had to take a minute to understand what I had just gone through. All my senses struggled to register with their new surroundings. We were outside of town. I could feel a cool breeze splash itself against my skin as I tried to keep my eyes focused on one thing at a time before they finally rested on the heart shaped pendant that dangled from my neck. It had happened again, but I had to forget about it for now. I had to. I looked back up at Chris. “Where the hell are we?”
“Just outside Arrino. We're safe.”
I could just make out the faint sound of gunfire before turning around to look at the source. I watched the dark outline of the town as small specks of light danced from its outskirts. Something was going on. They were fighting.
Chris muttered over my shoulder. “We got lucky. I'm not sure we would have made it if they weren't busy.”
Busy?
Was that what being shot at was called now?
	“I think you hit your head pretty hard at the station. I figured the drugs weren’t doing you any better so I got ‘em out the good old fashioned way.”
I reached a hand up to gently touch my tender neck and winced. Chris had saved my life.
He readjusted his rifle and my thoughts fell back towards the town.
Jeremy...
I struggled to get back up and grabbed my rifle. My head was still pounding. The taste of blood was still fresh in my mouth. I already had trouble staying up.
“What are you doing?”
I waved him off and caught myself on a dizzy footing. “Amanda, everyone else...we have to go get them.”
Chris caught me before I could even take a step away from him. “We can’t.”
I pushed him away and began to yell. “What the hell are you talking about? They’re still there! We have to go back!” I tried to run away and he dragged me down to the ground. “Get the hell off of me!”
“Jessica—”
“Get off!” I kicked him in the face and started dragging my arms through the dirt. I’d barely gotten a few feet until he grabbed my legs and rolled me over.
“TESS!”  
I pushed up at his chest until he pinned the full weight of his body down against my arms. I wouldn’t be going anywhere, but I still struggled to get free and screamed in his face.
 He put a hand over my mouth and muffled it before looking back at the town to see if anyone had heard.
 I had left everyone back there. They had all been counting on me and I just deserted them. They were all still there because of me. I started to cry as Chris leaned over me with a busted lip.
“Tess, listen to me. We can’t go back. Everyone’s awake, they’re all armed. We’d never make it in alive.”
I could feel my tears roll down my cheeks and onto his hand. We stared at each for a moment and I mumbled underneath his palm.
He furrowed his brow, directing me not to scream again and took his hand off my mouth.
I let myself breath in the cool air for a few more seconds, my tears still coming down. “We’re only alive because of them...” I slammed my head back into the ground at the sound of my own words. I didn’t care about the pain. I had messed everything up. I had left them all there to die. I had felt what it was like again. The sensation still fresh in my mind urged me to run back and get them.
Chris reluctantly stood up and I brushed the dirt off my chest in anger. He shouldn’t have gone without taking anyone else. He was selfish. He fucked them over.
I wiped my nose on the back of my hand. “You should have left me there.”
“No...” He slung his rifle over his shoulder and grabbed a pair of duffel bags. “The whole point was to get the two of us out alive.”
I stared up at him from the ground, still sniffling. “So that’s it, then? We just leave them? That’s the plan?”
“We’ll come back.”
“When?” I let the word come out like venom. I wanted to hurt him, to make him feel what I felt, but he showed no sign.
“WHEN YOU’RE READY.” He glared down at me, seeming to get upset and then took a breath, looking across the field around us.
What was that supposed to mean? When would I ever be ready? What could I possibly have to do to meet his standards?
He spoke softer, his words now probably chosen in advance. “What you’re talking about is complicated and I can’t do it alone.” He held up his bandaged hand. “Fuck, I couldn’t do it alone even if I wanted to. You’re just gonna have to trust me. And that...” He pointed back at the lights surrounding the town. “Whatever that is... it's gonna have to wait.”
I sat on the ground and drowned in my own thoughts. Three people had to die to get us out of there. I had promised Jeremy I’d come back and Amanda was no better off than anyone else. I felt like such an asshole.
“Come on.” Chris readjusted the rifle on his shoulder and offered me his hand. “We should keep moving before we settle down for the night. We’re still too close to risk it.”
 I got up on my own but stopped to look back at Arrino. The moving lights and sporadic gunfire were a better distraction than we could have ever dreamed of, though at the expense of everyone else. I had no clue what everyone would have to go through and no idea if I would even see the town again. I had wanted to run away from Arrino as soon as I saw it, but now it almost took too much to turn away from the darkened silhouettes of the buildings and leave everyone inside behind.
Chris put a hand on my shoulder. “They'll be okay.”
I shoved him off of me and only glared back. Why did I feel like those words sounded so familiar? I didn't want to think about it. I shouldered my rifle and walked away from the town without even bothering to pay attention to where I was going. I could hear Chris grab the duffel bags that he had managed to bring with and follow suit.
The heart pendant bounced on my chest like a heavy anchor as I marched through dead grass in a nerve spent fever. We were too far away for anyone to hear us, but I still felt like I was making too much noise. I reached around to my side and pressed my fingers against the sharp rail system on my rifle to keep it still. The metal stung, but I didn't care.
 I remembered what it had felt like to kill and to die at the same time again, a sensation so incredibly alarming followed by a soft whisper, an unending calmness that seeped into every instance of a being. The pain in my hand meant I was still alive. It meant I was still here. But every time I let go for a quick reprieve, every time my muscles cried out in pain only to be released in soothing atrophy, the silence came back.
And every time, I thought of her.





Crash Course
I slammed the car door shut and locked Sarah inside before looking up at the huge wooden logs in front of me. I might have mistaken it for a summer home or lake house if I had arrived with my family on vacation. As it were, we had spent hours on the highway crammed into a tight space to potentially escape the end of the world as we knew it. It was strange to think about it like that, but there was always a first for everything.
Sarah got out of the car behind me, somehow annoyed. “Thanks.”
I glanced at her to see a scowl and realized I must have gotten out first and slammed the door in front of her face. I barely paid it any attention. “Sorry… I forgot.”
Nope. I was a jerk.
My dad came around from the front and we started to follow him towards the cabin, our new and hopefully temporary home. “Remember girls, we’re here because Oliver was nice enough to invite us over, so be nice.”
I hated being grouped up in the collective girls term. I was twenty years old at the time. I could take on the world, which is exactly why I ran away to live in a giant cabin in the middle of the woods with my mommy and daddy. They probably needed my help, after all. I couldn’t just leave them.
 My mom brought up the rear with a suitcase, admiring the outdoor décor. “You never mentioned how beautiful it was out here.”
My dad looked back over his shoulder. “To be honest, I never really noticed before with everything else that was going on.”
I stared at a carving of a wooden duck as we passed a plot of plants. 'Twas alright. I mean, no 1948 all mahogany Martin acoustic guitar, but whatever. Everybody had their own thing. I thought it was a little strange an older man might take that good care of his property, not to mention the wooden ducks. “Is there a Mrs. Oliver?”
My dad waited for the rest of us at the front door with a perfect version of parental discretion on his face. “I worked on a case with him a few years ago, remember? He lost his wife in a car accident.” He looked me and Sarah over for a moment. “Try not to bring it up.”
I wondered what that would have gone like. I hoped my dad didn’t think I was that much of a jerk. Sure, Sarah, maybe. But me?
Nah.
We waited as my dad rang the doorbell, followed by a handsome hunk opening the door a few seconds later.
“Hey, Mr. Carter.”
My dad shook his hand, beaming. “Zach! You look crazy. You doing football or something?” He grabbed his arm and I hoped that would be a thing and that we’d all get to take turns.
He smiled. Who didn’t like a little bit of flattery? “No, sir. I guess the army just likes to take care of their things.”
“No kidding.” My dad stepped to the side and introduced the rest of us. I shook Zach’s hand for the first time, giving him my best smile. He was cute and probably only a few years older than me, but I had just gone through a rough breakup a few months ago. It was too bad boys were still dead to me.
Zach’s dad, Oliver, was anything but different. Even the same aura of confidence followed him wherever he went.  He addressed the rest of us as we filed into the living room, his mobility only limited by a simple cane, yet I could quickly tell that whatever he lacked physically, he made up with energetic discourse.  
I stepped forward when it was my turn to introduce myself with another handshake. “It’s nice to meet you, Mr. Lewandowski.” I thought I might have surprised my dad by pretending not to listen. The truth was I wasn’t all estrogen and heartache, but it was still hard not to show any pain while the older looking gentleman destroyed my fingers with a vigorous shake.
“Please, call me Oliver.”
I was planning on it.
“Your father has gone above and beyond the call of duty for me and my family. I like to think I owe him my life.”
My dad shook his head, grinning. “You know you don’t.”
“I also like to think I know what I’m talking about most of the time.”
“We owe you—“
Oliver raised his hand. “Please. It’s the least we can do. Feel free to make yourselves at home. We might as well get used to getting along with each other.” He smiled and gestured towards me, Sara, and Zach. “You can show these lovely young ladies to their rooms, if you want.” He raised his cane up. “I try not to take the stairs if I can help it.”
I smiled politely and he gave me a wink. Older men with canes of the non-creepy variety were great.
 Zach led the two of us from there up and into a guestroom. It turned out that I would have to share a bed with Sara, but it could have been worse. I ran a hand over the soft sheets on the queen sized bed before plopping my backpack down and looked around, admiring how cozy it felt before finally turning back to Zach standing in the doorway.
“Where do you sleep?”
 “Just down the hall.” He pointed across the wall when Sarah ducked underneath his arm and jumped on top of our bed, immediately messing it up and ultimately deciding to annoy me.
“She gets cold a lot.” She gently turned her head to look at him and smiled, holding the silence for maximum effect. “And lonely...”
Zach crossed his arms before raising an eyebrow. “Really?”
 I rolled my eyes. “Yeah, apparently it’s a thing.”
“Well if you get cold in the middle of the night, there should be an extra blanket in the closet.”
Ouch.
Even my sarcastic approach at flirting hurt when it crashed and burned so badly.
He let that settle for a moment before making his way out. “I’m sure you two have a lot to unpack. I’ll let you get to it.”
I turned to Sarah as soon as he left. “Nice one.”
“You should ask him out.”
“You should mind your own business.” I sat down and pulled my pack onto my lap, discouraged. There was way more left in the car. It was going to take practically all day just to get settled in. I let my shoulders sink down as I realized I was going to have to deal with Sarah the whole time as well. It wasn't like she was a little kid anymore, she just knew exactly how to annoy me whenever she wanted.
Starting now. “He’s pretty cute, right?”
“Sure, if you’re into that kinda thing.”
“I think you should go for it.”
“Looks aren’t everything, Sare. I wouldn’t expect you to know that.”
She looked at me, confused, so I pointed at my face.
“You know, with the whole ugly thing you got going on overdrive over there.” I tried not to pay attention as she jumped back onto the bed.
“At least I get the spot next to the window.”
I put my pack back down, ready for revenge. “The fuck you do...”
I was about to teach her another lesson when our mom peeped in, apparently overhearing how adept I was for speaking with culture. “Jessica…”
I stopped and looked back over at her. “Sorry. I didn’t know you were there.” I smiled and she gave me her best parental face of disapproval, as if that wasn’t the point and then walked off, Sarah crawling over me to follow.
We ultimately spent the next few days settling in as best as we could. It was quite a nice place, really—better than anything I deserved—surrounded by beautiful trees and hills in the middle of nowhere, but it wasn’t home. That much would never change.
I stared up at the ceiling from bed that night as a strong thunderstorm pounded the world around us, each flash of light temporarily blinding me. I could tell Sarah was asleep and cursed myself for fighting for the window spot. It tended to let in a cold draft that was only exasperated by the wind at night.
I watched as a small drop of water fell from the ceiling and onto my sheets, but I was too lazy to do anything about it.  I ended up falling asleep thinking about how long we would have to stay there and what it would be like going back to school after missing a semester. My dreams were filled with water, some part of me losing traction as each person that I knew was inevitably swept away by waves that I couldn’t control. Weeks later I would wake up after the same dream in a completely different part of the country, but by then things would be different.
*
I woke up without opening my eyes when I felt a sudden warm sensation spread across my chest. At first I thought it was the sun, but then the smell hit me, followed by the hot trickle of a liquid running down my chin. I looked up to see Chris zip his pants back up as my brain woke and finally put everything together.
I sprang up and scrambled away from him as fast as I could and tried to wipe myself off, but it had already soaked into my clothes.
He didn’t seem to pay it much particular attention.
I glared at him. “What the hell is wrong with you?”
“You fell asleep.”
His matter of fact response was infuriating. I thought I was going to kill him. “So you PISSED on me?”
He kicked a pile of dirt over the ember-lit remains of our fire before answering, not even bothering to look back over at me. “You were supposed to be on overwatch. Anyone could have gotten the jump on us.”
“Are you serious right now?” I tried to stab him with my eyes and he finally looked at me for the first time that morning.
“Well, you aren't gonna do that again, now are you?”
I really, really wanted to kill him right then and there, but I didn’t say anything. I still couldn’t believe he had just done that.
“There’s a river a few miles south of here. You can wash yourself off there.” He picked up his gun before throwing me my own and started walking off.
I could feel my hands tighten around the cold hard metal, dumbfounded. I thought about throwing it as hard as I could until I noticed Chris had left our bags on the ground. I shouted out after him. “Hey, you left our stuff!”
He answered without even breaking stride. “So pick it up!”
I almost ground my teeth to a pulp. How the hell was he expecting me to carry everything by myself? I looked back over at him, but he wasn’t stopping. Apparently the lessons had already started. He was teaching me the hard way.
I swore, shouldered my M4 and struggled to pick up the rifle bag, almost falling over in the dirt. I had to find a way to lean myself against a tree before I could swing the strap over my shoulder. I repeated the same process for the duffel bag full of ammo and quickly found out I was incredibly top heavy and head to lean forward to keep from falling. If I did, I was afraid that I’d never make it back up.
I waddled towards Chris as fast as I could. Both of my shoulders already burned underneath the weight, but the scarred one felt like it had begun tearing itself apart.
Chris would have nothing of it. “Which way is South?”
“What?” I tried to catch a hold of my breath and still be pissed off at the same time, but it was easier said than done. Things were moving too quick and I was sure he knew where he was going, so why the hell was he asking me? “Don't you know where you're going?”
He shrugged. “You tell me.”
I kept my hateful words in check.
Okay...
 I found myself looking for moss on the side of trees before he grabbed my attention again.
“Look up.”
I did as I was told and looked up at the sky. We had just made camp at the outskirts of a forest, so I could easily see past the thin and dried canopy and up at the shades of colors that rose above us. I didn’t get what I was supposed to be doing so Chris offered me another hint.
“Where does the sun rise?”
I couldn't think of an answer off of the top of my head. I should have known, but I couldn't even think.
In outer space, duh.
I took a guess. “North?”
Chris stopped in his tracks and I almost fell over by the time I managed to do the same.
“What?”
He raised an eyebrow at me. “The sun rises in the East, Tess. It sets in the West.”
“Right. What did I say?” I looked back up at the sky to see the majority of the red telltale signs of the sun over my left shoulder. We were already heading south. I readjusted the rifle bag over my shoulder and winced at the pain.
He obviously recognized the discomfort. “You awake yet?”
Dick.
The sun was well in the sky by the time we reached the small stream that was supposed to be a raging river in my mind. I approached the water tentatively. It was what Zach and I had been looking for. I looked down both ends and half expected him to be sitting in the mud with a broken ankle. I would have given anything to see him alive.
I dropped the bags and my gun without any care and plopped myself into the running water. The stream was barely wide enough to cover my body, but it quickly ran over my chest and soaked into my clothes. It had to have been the best thing I had felt in a long time, especially once it helped get rid of the smell.
 Of course Chris cut it short. “Normally you should boil water first—“
“But it’s not stagnant, so we can probably risk it if we make a filter. Yeah, I know.” I sat up and looked at him, annoyed. “Follow rivers downstream because they lead to civilization and the sea. I get it. I’m not dumb. I know what you’re trying to do.”
He crossed his arms. “Okay. Then give me twenty pushups.”
I glared at him. He was being a dick again. “Chris, this isn’t boot camp. Just tell me what I need to know so that we can go back and help.”
“You need discipline… training, practice.”
I lifted my hand, amused, and splashed it back down. “Which I’m gonna get by rolling around in the mud, right? We don’t even have any food and you’re trying to make me build up muscle?” I pointed at the bags. “The guns work just fine.”
“Sure, when they’re loaded.”
I swallowed the small knot in my throat, taken back. He must have known I had messed up back at the station.
 “Not to mention...” He stuck a finger to his chin. “I'm pretty sure you were the one that was in charge of food and water.”
I could easily visualize my duffel bag sitting on the floor next to Jeremy's cell. It made my stomach growl just thinking about it. Though my contempt only built as Chris reached into his jacket pocket and pulled out a protein bar, slowly peeling back the wrapper and taking a bite in front of me. “I thought we didn’t have any food?”
“You don’t have any food.” He stuck a thumb to his chest before taking another bite. “This one's mine.”
That was bullshit. Since I woke up that morning, I’d gotten pissed on, starved, exhausted, and my patience was wearing thin. I stood up, fuming, and grabbed the rifle bag. “Are you gonna teach me how to use these or not?” I waited for Chris to take another bite before he nodded a finger at me, smiling with his mouth still full.
“You’re the youngest in the family, aren’t you?”
I dropped the bag. “What the hell is your problem?”
“My problem is I’m not gonna take a little bitch out on an op and expect everything to go well.” He wrapped the protein bar back up and threw it across the river at me, but I wasn't expecting it.
I fumbled with the tiny scrap and watched it fall into the river before fishing it out and thinking twice as the water dripped off.
“Twenty-five pushups, your highness. Then we’ll get to the good stuff later.”
I gawked at him. There was no way he was actually expecting me to go along.
	He took a seat on the ground and rested his back against a tree. “I got all day, your excellence. I have no reservations walking in a straight line away from that hellhole and never turning back.”
I could feel my heart pound in my chest. I wanted to hit him, but the thought of the town made me think about Jeremy. I really didn’t have any other place to go and he had put his life on the line to try and save me. It just didn’t feel right to leave him there, not after what I felt he could go through the night before.
I tossed the wet piece of plastic to the side and grudgingly put my chest to the ground as Chris directed.
“I wanna hear you count it.”
Fuck you.
Fuck you again.
Fuck you harder.
It turned out that twenty-five was a big number.
I almost ran out of curses by the time I hit the magic tally and my arms felt like falling off. After that, we immediately filled up a piece of trash and used it as a makeshift canteen before continuing onward, wherever it was that Chris was taking me. Part of me was starting to hope it was to my death.
 I spent the next few hours following him mile after mile as I dragged everything on my back. The continued strain began to develop into a sharp pain near the base of my spine that constantly begged me to give up, but again Chris had other things in mind.
There was never a lull in training. While we walked, he taught me the basics of hand signals and communicating over distance without having to say a single word. He would teach me a new sign and I would have to repeat it back to him until I got it right. We would do that a few words at a time until I knew enough to form a complete thought, which he would sign to me and I would have to say the meaning out loud correctly or the whole process would start over again. It was difficult, especially at first, but the constant repetition and stark determination for perfection began to pay off.
I had barely noticed how quick the time flew by until he motioned for me to stop, the outline of a few small buildings barely visible through the haze of heat in front of us. I passed him the rifle bag like he asked and watched as he pulled out a longer rifle with a scope on top.
He looked down and sighted the buildings.
I unwrapped what was left of the protein bar and was too hungry by that point to even think about where it had been. I bit into it and watched the scope next to me move ever so slightly. I was too curious not to ask. “What is it?”
“Not sure.” He put the gun down. “But it looks deserted. How much time do we have left?”
I turned my back to look at the sun and stuck my hand out so that it rested on the horizon like he had taught me. Each finger it took to reach the sun would be close to twenty minutes until sunset, which meant that we had at least an hour.
 Chris stuffed the rifle back into the bag and helped me shoulder it again.
“We should be able to make it. We’ll hold up there.”
We set off again, this time alert so that we wouldn’t be caught off guard. As we got closer, he had me unsling my gun so that I’d have it at the ready and instructed me to stay quiet and keep at least a few meters distance away from him at all times so that we’d make harder targets. I recalled what he had said before and looked to either side and behind us every few steps to make sure no one got the jump on us. I guessed we had about forty minutes of sunlight left by the time we reached the brick wall of the first building.
I let my shoulder hit the warm surface as my legs struggled to support my weight. I was beyond exhausted. I already had been for the better half of the day, but a new sense of urgency at least kept my arms light. I watched as Chris peered across the corner before turning back to signal me with his hands.
All clear.
Follow me.
Stay quiet.
I scrunched my eyes together. I was pretty sure that’s what he meant. He put his hands back down and I gave him a nod. This time I remembered to cycle the bolt on my own gun, the familiar sound of a bullet being loaded past the breach giving me a little comfort. I really did hope it would fire the next time I would need it to. I watched Chris disappear around the corner and I swore under my breath as I struggled to catch up to him. The last thing I needed was to fall behind.
As I took a few steps out into the open, I immediately began to recognize the portable rides and stand up shops and cheesy games. We had found our way into an abandoned amusement park built around a small outlet mall, the evidence of which was strewn around on the ground in front of us. It looked like a small bomb had gone off, but months of wind, rain, and any other natural intervention had done a better job of mixing everything up and setting it lose all around us.
I tried to stay focused on where to look as I almost tripped over a stuffed unicorn. I had to stop myself from reaching down to grab it for Sarah before I reminded myself how stupid that would have been. I kicked it aside and kept following Chris further into the mess until we reached another building, this one taller than the rest.
He motioned for me to meet him just outside the doorway. “Stay as close to me as you can. When we reach each room, I’ll clear it right to left, you check front to left. Got it?”
I nodded and he took an extra second to look at my face.
“You’re doing great. Don’t let up.” He turned back and I started to feel paranoid.
I wished he hadn’t said that.
We stepped inside the mini-mall and cleared one room at a time. It was a painstaking process, but great practice. At the end we would know that nobody else was there, where everything was, and how to decide the best way to get out if we needed to make a quick exit. I also started to pick up on the smaller habits that Chris had, like taking the longer route through the side stairwell instead of walking up the dead escalators in the middle of the building. We would have been completely exposed if something had happened and we tried to take the quickest way. I never would have thought like that before.
“Clear.”
I followed suit as Chris slung his rifle back over his shoulder on the top floor.
“You think it was worth it?”
I dropped all our bags, almost breathless, but beyond excited that he had decided to visit. “I saw food.” I almost laughed when we both smiled at each other. I made huge plans to pig out. Whatever else he had in store would have to wait. Fortunately, he went along with that and decided it would be okay to split up as long as I promised to keep my gun with me. I quickly scavenged the place and looked for anything I could find that might be useful before coming back up to the top as soon as night came rolling in.
I sat down with my back against the wall on a mattress that I had liberated from a display. I figured there was no sense in letting anything go to waste, which was exactly why I opened up a tin can with my new pocket knife and indulged in the smell. I let myself enjoy the moment, then crammed a spoonful of chocolate pudding into my mouth and closed my eyes. I’m sure I made some kind of sound after that, but I didn’t care. It felt too damn good not to. I already reached the bottom when Chris came back.
“I got a present for you.” He dropped a pair of hiking boots in front of me. “I think they’re your size. If not, there should be more. Apparently nobody wanted to raid the woman’s section.”
I probably should have thanked him, but I still had another can of vanilla pudding to go through. I thought better of it at the last minute and offered him some. “We’re not leaving tomorrow, are we?” I really didn’t like the idea of carrying everything again. I was starting to develop cuts around my neck where the straps had been digging into my shoulders, but I didn’t want to complain. If I had learned anything that day, it was that complaining didn't help.
He shrugged. “It’s not exactly subtle, but at least it's defendable. Not to mention we have a three-sixty degree view and high ground, plus multiple points of egress. We should be fine for at least a night or two.”
That made me feel a little better. I decided to slip off what was left of my shoes and try on my new boots, careful not to pull out any of the laces. Chris sat back and watched me. From the moonlight through the window and the clear sky, I could tell something was on his mind. He eventually let it loose.
“You never told me about your family.”
I immediately slowed down and pressed my fingers against the hard leather. It was a hard thing for me to talk about. I didn’t know what to say to him. I began to rearrange the laces after I dared meet his eyes for a split second. “I know.”
“How come?”
I tried to focus on my feet. I was pretending putting on a pair of shoes was way more complicated than it ever should have been, but he made it that way. He shouldn’t have asked. I had to change the subject. I didn't know how long he had been in the military or what his job had been. I'd never asked him anything that was personal. Maybe I was afraid that if I did, he'd expect me to take my turn. I shrugged. “You’re not really an open book, either.”
“I guess you’re right.”
I played with my pocket knife for a few minutes and almost sliced my finger open before deciding to hide it in my right boot. I was sure it would come in handy. It also gave me the idea to stuff my improvised lock pick set in the left one before I finally looked back over at Chris. “When do you think we’ll start heading back? To Arrino, I mean.”
He mulled it over in his head for a moment and I wondered what the actual requirements were. Did he have a mental checklist or was he just making it up as we went along? He put an empty can down and crossed his arms. “Have you ever killed anyone?”
The question surprised me, but I already knew the answer. Camp Maxwell was eventful for a multitude of reasons. “What’s it matter?”
He didn't answer, but he didn't have to. We both knew it mattered. If I were to hesitate to pull the trigger when it mattered most, it could end up costing both of us our lives.
“I killed…” I stopped myself short, the words hanging heavy in the air. It didn’t feel good to admit it out loud. I thought it might, but I was completely wrong. “I shot someone.” I checked to gauge his reaction to that, but he didn’t show anything. “I just…” I tried to shake the thoughts away. “I don’t understand why you have to teach me all this other stuff for something that’s only gonna take a few hours.”
“Because you’re a survivor, not a soldier.”
I opened my mouth and he cut me off.
“Trust me, there’s a difference.”
I didn’t get what he meant by that, but I figured it would be better not to argue. The only reason we weren't further away from town was because I still wanted to go back.
“Look, if we’re gonna be doing this, then it’s gonna be for the right reasons.” He brought his knees up and rested his hands on them, getting my full attention. “When do we kill someone?”
Seriously?
I thought about it for a few seconds. It seemed simple enough. “When they hurt you.”
“So we kill the guy that makes us feel bad about our weight? We shoot the guy that hits us? That’s escalation at its best, throwing a tantrum at its worst.”
I made a face at that. I didn’t realize he was going to be so literal.
“Try again.”
I took a breath and tried not to get annoyed. Whatever the answer was that he was fishing for, it would be subjective. It would only make sense to him and I just didn’t see the point in that. I decided to go along with it. At the very least, I was curious to hear his reasons. After a few seconds I came up with another answer. “When it’s the right thing to do.”
He shook his head and I started to get angry. It was a trick answer. Chris was the one asking the questions, so only he should have known when that would be true. “So then who gets to decide when it’s right or wrong? What makes them so special?”
I was starting to get enough of his bullshit again. “You’re seriously gonna wait for me to answer a riddle?”
 “If you really want my help, then yeah. I’m seriously gonna wait for you to stop thinking like an idiot.” He got up to brush his pants off. “I'll take overwatch tonight. Get some sleep. You’re gonna need it tomorrow.”
I turned away and watched as his shadow passed over me and down the hall. After only a few minutes, I started to feel bad about attacking him like that. I was starting to get used to his company, no matter how irritating it could get sometimes, and I didn’t like being alone. I tried focusing on answering his question. Maybe I could make it up to him in the morning.
Chris seemed like a good guy—genuine, at the very least. He must have had his reasons for teaching me the way he did. I stretched my mind for the most extreme examples I could think of. I grabbed the heart pendant around my neck and slowly traced the shape with my thumb and forefinger. The girl in my dreams had killed people, but she almost seemed to enjoy it. I assumed Chris didn’t, but they were both killers, so what set them apart? After a few moments, I thought I had it, and it would explain why he didn’t like talking about his past either.
He was a killer with a conscience.

Practice
“You got a thick head, you know that?”
I scrunched my nose in self-defense as a pillow hit my face.
“Come on, princess. Get up.”
I tossed the pile of feathers away and turned onto my side, a super-hot, totally attractive mutter escaping from underneath my morning breath. Supposedly it wasn’t audible.
“What was that?”
I kept my eyes shut and let out a stream of air.
Some people…
“I said princesses usually get their beauty sleep.” Another pillow hit my face and I finally turned back to peer at my mom standing over me through rusty eyes.
“Come on, breakfast is ready. Everyone’s waiting on you.”
I grunted at that. She always had a talent of making everyone seem like they had gone out of their way just to help me, but really it couldn’t have been any more inconvenient. For starters, I had to get up. That was already asking a lot.
 I wasn’t even committed to the cause or halfway awake by the time I dragged myself downstairs and took a seat next to everyone else. I yawned past dreary eyes and grabbed a glass full of orange juice, barely paying Zach any attention in front of me.
“What’s up, raccoon-eyes?”
I gulped half of it away before putting the glass back down and stared back at him, not even bothering to wipe my mouth.
Not much, boy-that-keeps-me-awake-at-night.
It was hard enough that I was stuck in a room with my little sister, but it only got worse once I had found out through text that my ex-boyfriend was going out with one of my best friends. I had been stuck in the same house with my family and Zach for days. I needed to get away with him for at least a few hours. I really wasn't expecting anything to happen. I just figured it would do me some good. But first I decided to ignore him for the time being and go to town on the orange juice again. I needed to come up with some better comebacks anyway.
“So,” said Oliver, rubbing his hands as he sat down. “I was thinking that we could all head into town today. You know, get out of the house a little bit and see what’s new.”
I frowned as I automatically stared down at my phone. It was beginning to turn into a really bad habit. I had somehow become one of those girls.
“What do you think, Jessica?”
I looked back up at Oliver, only paying half attention to what he had been saying. “Oh, ughh...yeah, sure. Sounds great.”
He must have watched me fumble with the piece of junk in my hands. “What’s wrong?”
I finally gave up and put my phone on the table. “I can’t get a signal.” It had been fine since the day before. I was surprised that I had even gotten a connection so far away from home, but the timing could have been better. I knew I shouldn’t have cared. I just wanted to learn more about my lost love life.
“Maybe they’re doing maintenance?”
 I frowned. “Maybe...” I really wanted to know, too.
“I’m sure it’s fine.” Oliver put a hand on my shoulder. “A little time away will do you some good.” He nodded at the cute boy in front of me spooning scrambled eggs into his mouth and lowered his voice, careful not to let my parents overhear—though I doubted they would have been able to; Sara was too busy entertaining them. “Maybe Zach can finally take you shooting?”
 I had been excited to do it since he had first brought it up, but we hadn’t gotten around to it with the weather. I watched Zach smile and then wink as he washed down another bite. I knew he had wanted to do it too.
 He offered me food and I shook my head. “Sure. You ever shoot an AR-15 before?”
 I wasn’t sure what that was, but for some reason I wanted to say that I thought my car ran on four AR-15’s. I was glad I didn’t. “Nope. Nothing.”
He grinned. “Trust me, you’ll love it. It’s not like anything else.”
*
I pushed the bolt on the Model 700 away from me and loaded another bullet into the chamber, closing the breach and cocking the firing pin. I leaned my cheek against the butt stock and gazed through the lens in front of my eye, careful to let a breath loose as evenly as possible. Every small deviation in elevation or direction would affect the accuracy of my shot. Fractions of an inch in front of my face would turn into feet a hundred meters down range. Any motion had to be deliberate.
I let the memories seep away, but for some reason I took the time to realize that Zach had been right after all. There really was nothing quite like shooting a gun, yet it was what happened afterward that he had neglected to go over. That part was something else entirely.
“You see him?”
I flexed the muscles in my hand and slowly turned the gun until I spotted the familiar markings that we had been looking for. I watched as the wind blew the tall, spent blades of grass towards my left. I had to make a mental note not to adjust as much as I thought I should. “Yeah.”
Chris lay right next to me, also on his belly, and peered through a set of binoculars. “Bearing—zero. Range…” He bounced his head to either side. “Fuck it. One hundred meters.”  
I adjusted the tabs on the optic to match the distance and tried to keep the barrel from swaying. It was the longest shot I had done yet. After a few days out in the middle of nowhere, I’d finally gotten to play with the big toys. We were also quickly starting to run out of food again and Chris had wanted to see me kill something. I didn’t care what we did as long as he didn’t make me shoot at the same mangled set of tin cans.
“He’s moving.”
“I see it.” I made sure to keep the white-tailed deer in my scope as it took a few steps towards my left before its head bobbed down to take another bite of grass.
“Try not to be a badass. Just aim for center of mass.”
I readjusted my aim and tried to relax. How did he know?
“How’s the target?”
“Still got it.” I waited for Chris’s words and kept my crosshairs equidistant from both pairs of legs.
“Send it.”
I held my breath.
Sorry, little guy.
I pulled the trigger and the gun kicked back into my shoulder.  A shard of metal spewed out away from me faster than the speed of sound in a controlled explosion that managed to hurt my eyes and ring out my ears. I waited, already getting used to the feeling, when the bullet tore through the air and into soft flesh a football field length away from me. I looked up and Chris confirmed the hit.
“You got it.” We smiled at each other. “Good job, rook.”
I shouldered the long range rifle and brought up my M4 in case anyone was curious enough to find us. The shot was loud and we were in open terrain, but we should have been far away enough not to warrant a gander. After a few minutes, we found the blood stained patch and began to follow its trail.
“Looks like he’s a fighter.” Chris motioned for me to take the lead. “Track him. He can’t be too far.”
I reluctantly took the steps to get in front of him. I had been hoping for just the opposite. I didn’t want to have to see the poor thing lying on the ground and gasping for air. I was hungry and I just wanted to be done with it. I followed the trail as best as I could. Chris had only briefly explained the process, but I figured the patches of blood were a good enough place to start as any. Bent pieces of grass had to do when I couldn’t find those and I assumed the thing had run away from the sound of my gun, which pretty much narrowed down the guesswork. I finally found it after a few meters, almost exactly like I had imagined it, except that it wasn’t trying to breath. It couldn’t.
I stopped and looked down at the helpless animal, a patch of red staining its otherwise seemingly pristine coat of browned red fur. Some blood had even managed to get near its end, turning the white into pink. It merely stared at the patch of grass in front of its face in silence, its belly barely moving. I wondered if it was scared. Maybe it was too far gone to even notice anymore.
Chris leaned in over me. “That’s a good shot.”
“Yeah…”
He must have sensed my trepidation. “You’re not the first one to do this, Tess. And you’re sure as hell not gonna be the last.”
I nodded. He was right. It wasn't like I was a vegetarian. I had known all my food had come from somewhere. It was just easier not to think about it. Hell, most animals probably had it a lot worse off than this little fella. It didn’t make me feel any better, though.
Chris tried his best to keep my mind on track. “When do we kill?”
I had to take a moment. His stupid questions made me feel like he was training me to be a serial killer, but it probably would have been a red flag if he had taught me without any guidelines. He used to be a solider, evidently an experienced one at that. I could only guess what he had gone through.  I really shouldn't have second guessed his motives. “When there’s no other option.”
He took a knife out of his belt and handed it to me. “How do we kill?”
I grabbed the smooth wooden handle, knelt down, and watched as the sun gleamed off the blade. “As quick as possible.” I put a hand on the deer’s snout, my fingers just hovering above his big, brown, milky eyes surrounded by white circles.  I hated the third question. I didn’t think I would ever get it right.
“Why do we kill?”
I moved the tip of the knife above its head, just waiting for the impulse of my arm to send it through the top of its skull. The girl in my dreams would have loved this, but I didn’t. I couldn’t. Where she had found pleasure in taking life away, it had only made me sick to stomach. Experiencing both at the exact same had only made it worse.
“Tess… why do we kill?”
I readjusted the grip on the handle. My fingers were starting to slip.
That’s a good fucking question.
I stabbed the knife into the ground and walked off before Chris could say anything else. I didn’t get very far before I sat down and put my hands over my face, wishing I could press my reality through my eyes and out into oblivion. I didn’t want to be there. I was frustrated. How was I expecting myself to help someone when I couldn’t even help myself? It didn’t make any sense. I was a coward.
I waited for what seemed like too long until Chris found me with a filled duffel bag over his shoulder. We were going to have enough food to last us until the town and then some. I should have watched and learned how he had harvested the meat, but I didn’t want to see his face. I was too embarrassed.
He caught my eye without giving anything up and walked right past me. “Let’s go.”
After a mile or two of hiking through dead grass, I readjusted the straps on my shoulders and ran up to Chris so that I’d be able to walk beside him. I had gotten used to him teaching me tactics or military lingo every second in every minute of the day. The silence was starting to make me nervous. “Are you angry?”
He stared at the horizon for a moment before shaking his head. “No. It was a good shot.”
I wasn’t sure what to say. I thought he would know that wasn’t the point. He might not have been expecting me to fight up close, but even if I was shooting from a distance, I’d still be able to see a lot. Using a gun would be the same thing to an extent. It was just more efficient.  
He made sure to wait until I was looking at him again. “I’m not worried.”
It was still morning by the time we got back to the outlet mall. I had managed to convince Chris to stay there well beyond what he was comfortable with. In exchange, he had made me clear out every single nook and cranny on the concrete and place traps in front of all the doorways except for a select few. Most of them only made noise, like stepping on broken glass and running into a string of beer bottles, but towards the end he had finally started to teach me the good stuff. Anyone who found themselves stumbling around our place at night was bound to get a nasty surprise.
We split off from each other after we stored the meat in the coolest room we could find. It wasn’t like him to give me any time off, yet I found myself sitting in an empty bumper car with our last can of peaches in my lap and my rifle just to the side. For once it felt good to just sit in the shade and not think about the best way to kill a group of people. He found me not too long into that. I let my legs dangle off to the side as I lifted my chin up at him. “Target practice?”
He waited until he leaned his back against a neighboring car. “No. You’re getting pretty good and I wanna hold on to what we have left.”
We had spent a few days hiking out into the middle of nowhere and fired off a few rounds down range each time. It had been good practice for the both of us and it also had the fortunate pleasure of making each return trip slightly lighter as I hauled all the guns and ammo back. I didn’t think I was getting any stronger, but I was eating more and I was starting to get accustomed to blocking out any physical discomfort. It made life a lot easier whenever I stopped thinking about the pain.
I put my feet up on the front of the car and my hands on top of my head. “So what’s the plan?” I'd long gone stopped asking him when we would return, even though the words always wanted to fly out and stung in the top of my throat. The truth was that every day I had spent with him made it painfully obvious how little I actually knew. I was better off for it, no matter how much it hurt to think back about everyone that I had left behind.
“It’s something new. Come on.”
 Curious, I got up to follow him and reached for my rifle until he stopped me.
“Leave it. We’re not going far.”
That felt wrong. He took every chance he could get to drill into my head to never get separated from my gun. If I was feeling naked and helpless, then he was doing it on purpose. I silently said goodbye to the familiar firearm and followed him back into the mall. The sports section had been raided a long time ago just like everything else. The only useful things we had managed to find were bottles of oil and cloth to clean our guns. The bullets and weapon systems we had escaped with were all we had, so we had made sure to take good care of them.
He stopped me in front of a long rack of swords and I only stared back.
“What do you want me to do?”
He almost laughed. I must have been starting to get good at following directions. “Pick one.”
I looked at the series of metal sticks. I didn’t see the point, but I decided to humor him. Chris’s lessons never really made sense until after we were done with them anyway. I slowly walked across the aisle and swept my hand over the handles. The obvious ones I could count out instantly. Anything that needed two hands to hold would be too heavy for me and I didn’t like anything that had a huge curve.
My fingers stopped on the tip of a leather pommel. The handle looked like it would fit me and I appreciated the look. I pulled it out of the rack with a sharp swish and waved it through the air. It matched my height and felt good to swing around.
“How’s it feel?”
I pointed the tip toward Chris’s chest before slicing it through the air away from him. I tested the weight. “It’s not bad.”
“That’s a Chinese short sword.”
“Aren't they all?”
He grinned at that and pulled out his own from the rack. “We’ll see.”
I followed him outside and he led me onto an even patch of grass a few meters away from the nearest building. The sun was still beaming down and there wasn’t a single cloud in the sky. I was surprised I had not gotten tired of the constant warmth on my skin yet, but something else caught my attention. I pointed my sword at a small speck of haze that lined the horizon while a fresh breeze blew my matted hair across my face. “Check it out.”
Chris looked up and traced a line to what I could only assume was the first storm cloud that I had seen in weeks. “Looks like smoke. Pretty far away, though.”
“You sure?” I checked again and turned back to see that he wouldn't even bother to give it a second thought. “Shouldn't we... you know... do something?”
He seemed to find that amusing. “Like what?”
I supposed that was a good point. What luck what I have facing a giant wildfire when everything around me for miles was just asking to go up in flames?
“Come on. Forget about it.”
 I squared off from Chris as he tested his sword handling using only his left hand, spinning the sharp metal around his wrist faster than I could keep track. I found the whole thing a little ridiculous. “Is this the part when you teach me how to block bullets?”
“More like this is when you learn a different type of hand eye coordination.”
I couldn’t help but roll my eyes. He had briefly gone over fighting hand to hand, but of course I was terrible at it. Apparently the next obvious step was to make it more dangerous. I pointed my sword at him. “Please don’t stab me. I don’t do well with sharp objects.”
“No promises.” He nodded his head reassuringly. “We’ll take it slow.”
I kept my hands up and bent my legs, excited. At least I wouldn’t be able to say I never tried new things. And I sure as hell wasn’t going to go slow on him. I quickly patted my face. “You got something on your nose, by the way.” I waited until Chris reached up with his bandaged hand and then took the chance to lunge at him as quick as I could.
 He effortlessly tilted his sword to the side and made me glance off so that I almost lost my balance. He was already back in his stance by the time I regained my footing. “Wow, rook. Look at you, playing dirty already.”
I tried to go in with another quick stab and he merely sidestepped the blow before pushing me away by the shoulder.
“What's wrong? You seem flustered.”
I blew a strand of hair away from my face and tried again, this time from the other side and kept my weight on my back foot so that it would be easier to pivot. I managed to connect with his blade once, twice, and finally a third time before he almost tripped me up. Each time he did that, he could have easily counter-attacked and hit me. He was fast enough for it, but I was glad he didn’t.
He took the chance to gloat, though. “Don’t tell me you’re tired already.”
Ass.
I tried to catch my breath. I’d barely done anything, but it was an amazing workout for my arms, core, and lungs. I wouldn’t have stood a chance if we had switched spots, and he was still nursing a mangled hand. I hadn't been expecting him to be nearly as good as he was. “Just gimme my gun. Then we’ll see who’s laughing.”
“You’re not always gonna have your gun.”
“I’ll have my backup gun.”
“And if you lose your backup?”
I shrugged. “I’ll give up.”
He furrowed his brow and I had to step out of the way as he swung at me. I forgot he didn’t like it whenever I said that.
I took the chance to lunge at him again and he blocked it, this time slower so that I’d be able to hit the side of his sword a few more times until we locked up next to each other.  I tried to put all my weight into it with little use. “So what do you expect me to do?”
“I don’t expect you to do anything.” He twisted his handle up and over my wrist to force me to hyper extend the muscles and let go.
I started to backpedal, but he was too fast.
He torqued me around and pushed the flat end of his blade onto my back while grabbing my arm, leaning in close and making me wince from the exertion. “But you still need to try.”
I strained to move. He kept my arm still and I thought my elbow was going to pop out. I had to bare my teeth while he kept the pressure on. The lesson wouldn't be over until I was thoroughly exhausted, but even then that wouldn't be the end. There would always be something else. Another hurdle. More pain. Another exercise to push me even further. I could only hope that the more effort I put into it, the sooner we'd finish. I tried to pull away, yet he still wouldn't let me go. The limb was starting to go numb. “I don't think I'm supposed to bend that way.”
“So do something about it.”
Fine.
I kicked him in the leg and managed to get some space in between us.
He swung at me again and I leaned down before I grabbed his forearm and pushed him off balance, surprising myself even further by knocking against the back of his elbow and disarming him a few seconds later. I was still horribly out skilled, but it felt good to know something for a change.
 I pushed him away and held my hands up close to my face like he had taught me, ready for a fist fight.
He grinned and brought his hands up. “Alright, not bad.”
“So what are you waiting for?”
“Well... could be better.”
I lashed out and quickly realized how bad of an idea that was when he grabbed my arm and flipped me over onto my back. I hit the ground without tensing and could feel the air rush out of my lungs. I was gonna feel that one for a while for sure.
He continued to circle around me. Apparently he wasn't done. “Get up.”
I reached for my sword and he kicked it away.
“Up.”
I forced myself off the ground and towards the familiar breaking point that I had been skirting around constantly for an unknown amount of hours. If Chris had wanted me to feel exhausted, embarrassed, beaten, and helpless, then he was doing a damn good job. I brought my fists forward, still not ready when he squared off against me again.
“What did I tell you before? Hands up, in front of your face.”
I leaned in more and shifted my arms, flicking him off for his own benefit.
“That's better.” He took a few swings at me, each one too strong for me to block as I stepped around and away from him. He had made me face that I would usually be weaker, but by that logic I’d also be smaller and hopefully quicker.
 I put the theory to the test as I ducked underneath another punch and tackled him forward and onto the ground. We rolled on top of each other a few times, each person trying to get the best leverage. It was harder for me that close. As soon as he’d be able to find a good spot, I’d be done for.
I quickly pressed against him as hard as I could and rolled him over onto his back before swiping a sword off the ground and bringing it up to his neck.
He froze and held his hands open.
I actually won.
I couldn’t help but smile. I’d never gotten the chance to keep going and he probably would have beaten me to it, but it was the thought that counted. It was also the first time I managed to beat him, assuming he hadn't been holding back. I continued to straddle him, my smile reaching ear to ear as my hair hung low and around his face. We both stared at each other as we tried to catch our breath and I started not to recognize his look.
He managed to make me laugh. “What is it?” I kept smiling until he reached up and touched the side of my face with the palm of his hand.
He gently brushed a bang back over my ear and my heart skipped a beat.
Shit.
I knew exactly what.
He rubbed his thumb over my cheek and kept his eyes on me—not on my body or my face—but me. And at that moment, he wasn't a solider or teacher anymore. He was the man that I had been surviving with, the man that I could feel through the warmth on the side of my face and in between the inside of my thighs as I continued to lay on top of him.
I couldn't move.
I didn't lean in, but I didn't pull back, either.
The moment was cut short just as the sound of automatic gunfire rang out over us and onto the fields.
I instantly threw my hands over my head and Chris rolled both of us back onto our stomachs. I looked up after a split second, surprised I was still alive, and tried to see where the shots had come from. I glanced back over at Chris to see him put a finger to his lips and peek his head above the grass.
“They’re on the blacktop.” He grabbed a sword and then my arm. “Come on.” He pulled me up and we both sprinted to the nearest building and used the brick wall for cover.
I didn’t see anyone on the way, but I could hear them moving closer as indistinguishable words fluttered across the ground. I kept my back against the wall as Chris moved to one corner and he motioned for me to move to the other.
I did as ordered, took a breath and peeped down the side of the building only to see a pile of trash and the familiar amusement rides. I looked back over at Chris and he utilized his hand signals to tell me what he saw.
Four males walking east.
Assault Rifles.
One pickup truck.
No cover.
They must have all been out in the open. I let him know I didn’t see anything on my side and he signed back again.
Wait for my signal.
Reload.
Flank left and take cover.
Wait for my signal.
I tore through my mind to understand the second one. I didn’t have my gun. He must have wanted me to go get it and find a stable firing position. He gave me a thumbs up and nodded. I crouched down and got ready to sprint as I waited for him to slide into a prone position behind a water fountain. He held his hand up without even looking at me, signaling me to get ready. I could feel my heart trying to burst out of the side of my neck. My limbs were already as light as a feather as adrenaline began pumping its way through my body.
I was beyond ready when his hand came down.
I bolted across the concrete and made a beeline for the bumper cars. The back of the shooting gallery on my right side was long and high enough to hide me as long as I was quick. Other than that, I had to trust Chris that I would make it while being completely exposed. Fortunately, the rides came up to meet me faster than I had thought.  I quickly hopped the small railing before grabbing my gun out of one of the seats, immediately slamming a round in and flipping the safety off as I got behind cover. I took a moment to get my breathing under control. Judging by the lack of sound, nobody had seen me.
I flipped the fire selector back into safe. I didn’t want to accidentally pull the trigger and give myself away. I tried not to grunt as I leaned on a shoulder and stretched to gaze through the obstacles in front of me, but I couldn’t see anything. I had to move.
I got up, gun at the ready, and kept running. North by Northwest. I needed to get far away enough from Chris’s left-hand side to flank the group that was supposed to be on my right. Then we’d somewhat surround them and be able to catch them in a crossfire. I tried to think about where I’d step next each time I placed my foot down. There was too much garbage everywhere. It would have been too easy to knock an empty bottle across the hard surface and send it skidding away from me.
I took a ninety degree turn as soon as I felt I was far enough and starting making my way towards the proposed contact. I went from cover to cover for a few meters until I could hear someone talking again. I tried to follow the noise as best as I could and then slid into the side of a gaming stall when I saw them. There were two men with assault rifles holding just outside the front entrance to the mall. Chris and I had only bothered to put broken glass there so they probably thought nothing of it. The pickup truck was parked just nearby.
I trained my gun on one of their heads as I caught Chris move up to a corner that only I’d be able to see from my angle. He had managed to find his bolt action rifle and sheathed a sword onto his back. I couldn’t help but think he looked pretty badass, despite the impractical combination.
I caught his attention and let him know I was ready. He signed back.
Target man on my right.
Fire on my command.
 I let him know I understood and it suddenly hit me that he had given the order to open up when he was ready. I trained my gun on the correct guy and worked on my breathing. I only had the one clip with me, which meant at best I would get to fire thirty times before I was useless. I would have to make every shot count. Even Chris would only get five shots before he was out. I flipped my fire selector onto semi and waited.
I watched my target take a drag on his cigarette and nod. I wished I could hear what they were saying, but they were just too far out from earshot for me to make out any particular words. The one next to him took aim at a teddy bear and fired a burst. It was nowhere near me, but the sound made me jump. I took my finger of the trigger as balls of cotton littered the ground and fluttered past.
After a few more rounds of target practice, another two men came out of the mall carrying large heavy bags. I didn’t realize what was inside until they started loading them into the back of the truck. One of them paused and unzipped a bag to peek inside and pull out pink blobs wrapped in paper.
Meat...
 I had to fight the urge to change my target. They were taking our guns and all our ammo. All our food. I looked over at Chris, fully expecting the sign to fire, but it never came. I struggled to get his attention as they began locking the truck up and piling in. They were getting away.
Why wasn’t he firing?
I hovered my finger back over the trigger as the driver shifted the car forward and then out into the field, a trail of fluttering dirt in tow. We’d lost our window of opportunity. Anything after that would be useless. I let my head hang low. They had just taken everything we needed to survive.
Chris motioned for us to regroup. I didn't bother saying anything. I knew better than to let my tongue loose when there still could have been someone hiding inside or nearby. My legs and back burned as I held a ready stance repeatedly while Chris and I cleared the inside of the mall as fast as we could. Sweat ran down my face and pierced my eyes like daggers, but I didn't dare take a hand off my rifle, not until I slid a door open to an abandoned ice cream cooler and looked inside.
Nothing.
We had lost all our food.
I met Chris on the top floor of the mall in silence. I scanned over our mattresses, extra piles of clothing, and finally where we had kept our own personal armory, but found no sign of the missing gear. The men had cleared the space out of everything valuable. All of it...
Gone.
Chris let his gun hang loose. “Clear.”
 I kicked a cardboard display as hard as I could and watched it tumble down the escalator end after end. “Everything’s gone!” He only leaned against a railing as I shoved my gun flat against a wall and punched a tin box, the sound echoing through the vacant shops and pissing me off even more. I picked up another one and chucked it through a piece of glass, shattering it in an instant.
I looked down to meet the familiar warmth. My knuckles were bleeding and cracked around the edges. I swore and slid my back down a wall. I sat down with my hands over my head and my gun in between my legs. Everything that I had needed to get ready had been taken away. Whoever had fucked us over was going to pay. I’d make sure of it. I didn’t care what kind of pain they would have to go through.
I closed my eyes. The darkness was better than whatever I had left to look at. I could hear Chris walk around and then stop just short. I felt a tug on my hand. I pried my lids open to see him crouch down in front of me and gently pull my hand forward to inspect the wound in silence.
He cracked a bottle of vinegar open and spilled it onto my knuckles. I watched the liquid wash over my hand and bubble up from the fissures within my skin. It burned, but I knew the sensation all too well. It wasn't the first time that he had done it for me over the last few days. And knowing him, it wouldn't be the last, either.
He gently patted my hand dry with a towel before opening up a roll of gauze, keeping his eyes down and focused on what he was doing, calm and collected. “They had M16's—assault rifles.”
I pictured their guns in my head and remembered how one of them had shot. They had military spec weaponry. If you could shoot at someone full-auto, you had an immediate advantage over anyone limited to using semi-automatic civilian rifles.
Chris rolled the fine webbing over my hand, careful not to press it too tight. “I can only think of one place where they might have gotten 'em anywhere close around here...”
Arrino.
We had seen the whole collection in a lockup at the station. Were they looking for us? Or had it just been another one of their scouting parties checking for supplies?
Chris stretched the last length of the wrap and tied it off, but he still didn't let go of my hand. He finally looked up and we gazed at each other. I didn’t understand why he wasn’t doing anything. He should have been angrier than me. He had let them go. Then he finally let me understand.
“You’re ready.”
He stood up and made his way down to the next level by the time I realized what he was talking about. I grabbed my gun and scrambled to get up and run after him.
It was about goddamn time.
Resurgence
I leaned my cheek against the Model 700 and peered through the scope. Unsurprisingly, the familiar cottage was still in view and nothing had changed. I had been staring at it since the moon came down and the sun rose again and warmed my skin. A thin sheet of dew had soaked into my clothes, turned the fields of grass into a sparkling sea of diamonds and began to run down the barrel of my gun in small streams. I wiped the lens clean again with the end of my sleeve. My legs and back were sore after staying in the same position for hours on end even after flexing the muscles every so often to keep them from cramping. It had been my turn to take overwatch.
Right beside me, Chris started to stir and wake past schedule. He popped his head out from underneath our makeshift hide, an improvised ghillie blanket that had been covered in dry foliage and dragged through the grass. We were prone four hundred meters away from the small house and on higher ground, but it still helped to reduce our silhouette. I could hear him scratch the hair on his chin and clear his throat before turning his head to look down from our vantage point.
“You didn’t wake me.”
I kept my eye glued to the piece of glass in front of my face. “You seemed tired.” I also didn’t want to get caught looking at him. We were in a bit of a bind and whatever had happened between us the day before would have to wait, but I was too embarrassed to even risk bringing it up again.
“We’re that confident, are we?”
“Mhm.” I would have called it stubborn. We had followed the truck’s tire tracks for an entire day and only stopped when we had spotted the small house. The tracks kept on going, but something had made Chris want to stay and set up an overwatch position. I rotated my gun until I spotted the chimney as a steady spiral of smoke spewed out from within. Somebody was inside. I figured whoever it was had either chosen to live in the remote location as a hermit, or they had been forced out of town. Either way, I was cold, tired, thirsty, and hungry. I had decided a long time ago that I was going to see this through.
“Any movement?”
“Just the smoke.”
“Alright, boss.” Chris looked over at me. “What’s the plan?” He had mentioned earlier that after the straight day of hiking we were already pretty close to the outskirts of Arrino. The next logical step would be to raid the town. Hopefully whoever had stolen all our ammunition and guns had dropped them off at the house in front of us, but that probably would have been too convenient.  I thought we should look into the place regardless. We could find something inside that might be able to help us—preferably something edible.
I willed my stomach to stay quiet and thought about the task at hand. “One of us stays here. The other one checks it out.”
Chris nodded. “Normally I’d agree with you, but seeing as how we’re low on ammo and it’s just the two of us… we gotta take it together. We don’t even know how many are inside.”
I figured he wouldn’t have gone with my plan, anyway. Him asking me what to do was just a part of my practice. He wanted me to get into the habit of thinking critically. He never let up. He would even have me run through scenarios in my head.
“What do we do if someone comes at us from the West? Four people, lightly armed.”
Then they would be attacking from our left hand side. When we would turn to engage, the sun would be at our backs, but we wouldn’t have any cover out in the fields. “We fall back towards the East and get into the tree line.
“What about from the south?”
“Same thing, but use suppressive fire. We’d have to use the hills as cover.”
He nodded. “Good. Eight from the North with a truck. We’re halfway to the house.”
 I took a moment to think about it. That would be a bad time. They’d be able to run us down. We wouldn’t be able to run away. We’d have to fight. “Get to the house and take 'em from there.”
“Attack helicopter from the East.”
I blinked. A chopper above our only exit would be unfair. I didn’t even have an answer for that one. I had to look at him “Who the hell’s trying to kill us?”
“Does it matter?”
I supposed it didn’t.
“Come on.”
I shoved the blanket into a pack and threw it over my shoulders before we both started making our way towards the cottage. I felt incredibly light with the lack of familiar weight on my back. It was strange to think that before I would have been happy to lose everything that kept my heels pressing into the ground, but now I couldn’t help but worry about just how much of a shitty situation we were in.
I made sure to keep my distance behind Chris and stared at the square of his back, a short sword bouncing on his shoulders. He had stuck me with his bolt action rifle so that he could use my M4, but we couldn’t afford a large margin of error even with his experience. We were going to have to do everything right the first time. We wouldn’t be getting another chance.
As soon as we came off the field, Chris tried the handle on the back door with no luck. We switched spots and I took a knee as he covered us from behind. I pulled out my makeshift pick and got to work on the lock. I was glad the process came back to me quick. It seemed like out of everything that Chris had taught me, breaking into someone else’s house was the easiest thing for me to do.  A few seconds later I dropped the last pin and torqued the cylinder. The handle turned and I pushed the door open a crack.
We were in.
I traded spots with him again so that he could take the lead and I shouldered my rifle. We had managed to hold on to a single pistol. It would be a lot easier for me to use that than to try and swing a long barrel through doorways and across corners. He waited for me to give him a nod. As soon as we were ready, he opened the door and I followed him inside.
I checked my zones like Chris had taught me, glad not to see any guns pointed at my face, then immediately noticed the drastic contrast from one place to the other. The added warmth inside was almost intense. The air felt humid, almost like it stuck to my skin and a sharp, sweet smell made my stomach growl. I took another step to see that we had walked almost directly into a kitchen. I could see fresh fruit and vegetables hanging from baskets connected to the ceiling and a small kettle steamed over a wood burning stove. Somebody was making tea.
I tensed back up again as soon as I heard a muffled cough come from the next room.
Chris motioned for me to split off and move on his flank. As soon as we could both get into position, we'd be able to charge in and surround whoever was there. They’d have no choice but to surrender under the surprise. It would have been a good plan up until the kettle started whistling.
I looked at the burner as the water began to boil and then back up at Chris, waiting for his direction. I didn’t think he knew what to do until we both heard footsteps. He dashed over to my side of the room as quietly as he could and prodded me to move over a corner and onto the other side of the wall so that we'd be hidden from view.
 I tried not to knock a picture frame off the wall as I stuck my shoulder to the dingy wallpaper. Just on the other side, I could hear another cough followed by the metal clunk of the kettle being taken off the burner. There were a few more footsteps and then silence. I leaned over Chris to just make out the edge of a body stop in front of the door that we had come in through and I noticed what they must have—I forgot to close the door.
I ground my teeth. I had left it open just a crack. It should have been fine. They shouldn’t have noticed. I could see Chris bring his gun up and lower his shoulders just as the sound of rusty brake pads came in from outside. We both looked at the opposite wall and heard doors slam shut.
A car had just pulled up.
The body in the kitchen closed the backdoor before making its way toward us. Chris pushed me along and I stepped into a living room.
I flashed my pistol from corner to corner, looking for somewhere to hide, but there wasn’t anything big enough. I turned to face a knock on the front door just as Chris pulled me back into the kitchen. I could hear someone pass to answer it, the newcomers quickly greeting each other and piling into the living room. I immediately recognized some of the voices and it made me freeze.
“Can I get anyone some tea? It’s fresh out of the kettle.”
“Fuck it,” said Ryan. “You know why we’re here.”
Kyle cleared his throat. “I've heard a lot about you...”
“Rick,” The voice corrected him.”
Chris hit my shoulder and pointed at the backdoor. I tried opening it, but it was locked with a cylinder on the inside.
Who the hell uses a double sided lock?
I pulled out my pick and got to work while eavesdropping.
“Rick...” Kyle started. “I think you can help us.”
“I believe there's a reason I've been living here alone, gentlemen, that you helped foster? Does that ring a bell at all? This town— these people were just fine until you showed up.”
“But now they’re not. So you are going to help us.”
“What exactly can I fix that your guns can’t? Or did you already learn that the hard way?”
There was a short pause and I cursed myself for letting a pin come back up. It was a lot harder to pay attention to what I was doing when I was under pressure and much closer to Ryan than I ever wanted to be.
He was the only one to answer the question. “Asshole, consider yourself lucky. While you've been sitting out here, this thing has taken out six of my men without even batting an eyelash. I’ve seen it kill someone with its bare fucking hands like it was unwrapping a goddamn Christmas present. It's pissed off. It wants the girl.”
“You mean Jessica?”
My hand twitched at the sound of my name and I snapped the plastic stick in my hand.
No. No. No. No… Please don’t tell me….
 I tried to take out the green sliver stuck in the lock, but it was too small for my fingers. I stared at the mess and started to realize just how bad I had fucked up. This was not supposed to be happening.
“Knox isn't exactly patient. He didn't like any of the girls we got him, said they weren't what he was looking for.”
Rick interrupted. “Last I heard, you had other plans for those children anyway.”
“Doesn't matter,” Ryan continued. “That cold blooded bastard skipped to Chicago and left his mountain lion of a guard dog to babysit us.”
“Juno...” Rick affirmed. “So that's who I have to thank for those midnight raids.”
“Yeah, well, you can thank her when she's rotting in a cell, if we can ever get a handle on her.”
“But the girl,” said Rick. “Jessica... If she escaped—”
“It doesn't care. Juno's been looking for her since day one. It's convinced we've been hiding her from Knox. One of our runners found supplies that she stole from us a few miles from here, but we're spread too thin. If she knows what's good for her, she's long gone by now.”
“To put it bluntly,” said Kyle, “Juno's not going to bring back whatever Knox is looking for, which means that we have to take care of this on our own before it gets us all killed—before it gets your people killed.”
I didn't understand. I didn't understand anything. What the hell was Juno? Why did Knox even exist and why the hell would either of them be looking for me? I let my pistol slowly fall to my side and I stared at the opening in the doorway. If I showed them I was there, they could have answered all my questions. They could have explained everything that had happened since the beginning. All I had to do was step into the next room.
Chris grabbed my hand. He looked just as confused as I did until he pointed down at a pair of doors built into the floor. We must have missed it earlier. He carefully opened it up and then pulled me underground, making sure to close the doors behind me this time. He quickly cleared the room and stopped in front of a large wooden barrel before turning around to look at me. “Is there something you wanna tell me?”
Like what?
I stabbed the air with my gun. “I have no idea what the fuck they’re talking about.”
He shot a hand over my mouth and we both waited until we could hear muffled words from above us again.
I shoved him off and kept going. “I told you everything I knew before.” I barely mattered to myself. Why the hell would anyone spend their time looking for me? The only person that had even remotely paid any attention to me since Chris was...
Jeremy.
A piece suddenly clicked into place. When I had found Jeremy in the station at Arrino, he had been in a fortified cell. I had barely paid it a second thought, but what if it hadn't been for him? What if the cell had been constructed especially for someone else—something else?
Back at Camp Maxwell, the man that had died with claw marks all over his body had said my name. I had gotten the heart pendant from him, but what if it wasn't his? What if he had grabbed it from whatever had assaulted him before it could finish the job?
I grabbed a hold of the necklace around my neck. It wasn't mine. It hadn't been Ryan's to give. It didn't even belong to the dying man. It was hers, the monster that Knox had apparently sent out to look for me. She had been the one to attack the camp and she had been the reason that Chris and I had made it out of Arrino alive. She was looking for me. She wanted it back.
I tested the word underneath my breath, and I knew that even if I was wrong, it was closer than anything I had fooled myself into believing thus far. “Juno...”
“Tess...” Chris peered at me while footsteps moved towards the kitchen, followed by the sound of Rick's voice.
“It’s over here. I keep it in the wine cellar.”
Are you fucking kidding me?
We both scrambled to look for a hiding place as the doors above us opened. I saw Chris run into the corner and I squeezed behind a wine rack just as the first pairs of feet hit the ground. I could just barely see Ryan through the shelves as he hobbled into the center and spit.
“So this is how you plan on spending the end of the world, huh?” He picked up a bottle from in front of me and Rick swiped it back. If he had paid close enough attention, he might have noticed that one of them was actually the tip of my pistol aimed at his kidneys.
“The end of the world as you know it is completely subjective. When one ceases to exist, the next one begins.” He looked at the bottle for a moment before putting it back. “But it never hurts to get a good buzz going.”
“Trust me,” said Ryan. “No amount of booze is gonna save you when this thing is out there hunting us down. And when it’s tearing out your lungs right in front of you, you’re not gonna care if it's subjective. It’s gonna hurt.”
I tried to stand still and keep my breathing as quiet as possible. I was glad to hear Kyle move them along.
“Who cares? Where is this thing?”
“Over here,” said Rick. He led them to another part of the wall that was just out of sight.
“And you’re sure this is gonna work?” asked Kyle.
“No. You came to me, remember? But apart from an industrial strength explosive, this is probably your best shot. The distillation process can yield a highly flammable liquid with a low flash point. All you should need is a spark.”
“Great,” said Ryan. “So if the damn thing burns, we might actually have a shot at this.”
“Why wouldn’t it burn?”
“You would know if you met it.”
I held my breath as they dragged a pair of white buckets past me and back up out of the cellar. They were gone, but I didn't want to leave my hiding spot. If even a quarter of what I had pieced to together was true, then nothing good was waiting for me up on the surface. If Knox really was looking for me, regardless of who or what he had sent to do the job, I'd be better off staying still forever. I felt like I would rather hold up in that tiny cave underground and forget everything else even existed.
Chris shuffled out into the open and called for me, careful to keep his voiced hushed as to make sure we remained hidden.
I slowly squeezed myself back out from behind my shelter and stared at him. He held on to Zach's M4, the blue ribbon still tied around the butt stock. It meant more to me than I could have ever explained, and for some reason the sight of it made me realize how different we really were.
Chris had been right. He was a solider and I was a survivor, and the things that I would have to survive would only change with time. Up until that moment, I had been running away from my problems, but sooner or later they would catch up to me. Maybe that was the biggest difference between us. Where a solider like Chris faced his fears head on, I ran. I turned the other way to survive another day. How long could I possibly expect myself to keep that up?
He lifted a hand only to stop, seemingly unsure. He must have known at least part of what I was thinking. He had always been good at that. He remained at the ready while my posture proved anything otherwise.
I shook my head.
He already knew. He grabbed my hand and I tried to block back tears. “Tess...”
I was barely holding on by a thread. I knew my eyes would be red and it was obvious I was about to break.
He made sure to keep me his the whole time. “It's okay.”
That's when I lost it. That's when it all came undone. All the worries, all the hurt, the exhaustion, the anger, the training, all the fear—all of it out and into the open for him to see, to bear witness at how much of a coward I'd been trying my absolute best to hide. I fell into his arms and let the streams go. I couldn't keep it in any longer. I was terrified. I didn't want to go back up. I didn't want to face my fears. I didn't want to go.
He held on to me for a moment while the footsteps continued upstairs. It was more than I deserved. When they finally died down, he gently pushed me back by the shoulders and held on. “We can do this.” He wiped a tear from my cheek and I felt like such a goddamn child. “You can do this.”
I nodded and took a shaky breath, already putting on the familiar mask. He had no idea.
“Come on.”
We waited at the foot of the entrance and listened as intently as we could. It sounded like the front door above us had opened and closed, and we gave it a few extra seconds before risking it.
Chris gently swung the doors open and marched back up into the kitchen.
I wiped my face and followed close behind, bringing my pistol up at the ready. I couldn't hear anything, but that didn't mean everyone was gone. We split off. I tiptoed through the kitchen and towards the living room when a younger man stepped into the doorway and stopped dead in his tracks.
He stared at the gun in my hands and watched it shake while my finger hovered over the trigger. My eyes must have still been puffy. What could he have possibly thought of the sight—a sad, scared little girl pointing a gun at his face? He was young, probably just a little bit older than me and his short, trim hair fell just onto the top of his forehead. He must have just gotten it cut. He had never said anything. I had no way of knowing there had been more people in the room.
Rick's voice peeped in from just the other side as we held the rigid poses, our muscles tense. “I'll be back as soon as I help them fix this mess. Try not to touch anything.” A few steps bounced in, followed by more silence. “Hey, are you listening?”
I stared at the boy in front of me. I could only guess what was going through his head.
He finally decided after another unbearable second. “Yeah.”
More footsteps followed by the front door closing, then the sound of a car starting and driving off from outside.
I peered into the pale eyes in front of me, my own thoughts almost blank. I wasn't ready. I started to lower my gun when the body in front of me was pulled back like a whip and thrown to the ground. I ran into the living room to see Chris knock a fist across the boy's face to keep him there.
He kept the M4 trained down on him. “Don't you dare fucking move or I will put you down. Do you understand me?”
I reached for Chris's hand, but he pushed me back violently. The boy tried standing up and protesting, his words muffled with a hand pressed against his bloody nose.
I watched Chris bring the gun forward and tense, about to shoot. I lunged in front of him with my arms up, shielding the about to be corpse from view. “Stop!”
“What the hell are you doing?” He tried to clear the rifle up over my shoulder, but I kept myself in his line of fire.
“Don't do it.”
“Tess!”
“You can't kill him!”
“If anyone finds out you're still here—”
 “NO!”
An arm grabbed me from behind and brought my pistol up to the side of my head, immediately moving us back towards a wall. The kid screamed past my ear, his breathe hot on my neck. “DROP IT!”
I watched the muzzle of the assault rifle hover in front of my face as Chris crept closer.
“Let her go—”
“I don't know who you are—”
“And you're not going to! Now drop her the fuck down!”
I winced as the pistol barrel scraped itself across my scalp. I struggled to push him off, but he was stronger than he looked. He had covered my hand over the gun and kept my finger hovering over the trigger. I wouldn’t be able to stop him from shooting.
The gun suddenly broke free from my skin and was redirected towards Chris.
I needed to move.
I knocked the hand to the side and swung my head back as hard as I could, connecting with hard flesh before grabbing the base of his palm and bending it towards his forearm to force a sharp pop.
 I freed the pistol from his limp fingers as he fell to his knees and grabbed a hold of his broken wrist. I pointed the firearm at him just as his head shot away from me in a flash of light, the back of his skull flying across the wall behind him. I looked back to see Chris with a waft of smoke slowly drifting off the muzzle of his gun.
My ears rang with the intensity of bricks being forced into my head over and over again. I somehow managed to look at the blue ribbon tied around the M4's stock and the innocence that it had meant to me, then onto the dead body in front of the wall. The kid's face had been deformed, but the entire back half was gone. I peeled my eyes off of the carnage and dropped my gun. The two didn't belong together. That wasn't what it was supposed to be used for.
He didn’t have to die.
All the training, all the time I had spent with Chris, everything—what the hell had it been for?
I felt sick. My head was spinning and it was like somebody had stuffed me inside of an oven. I saw Chris's lips move but no sound came out. I ran out through the front door and dropped down onto my knees a few meters into the field and threw up. I clenched my hands around dry roots until the world stopped shaking.
I barely had to move my head to see a small pair of bare feet stop and press down the dead blades of grass in front me. I slowly looked up to see a young woman with black orbs for eyes and sharp points for teeth that ground into each other as she smiled. The ringing quickly died down and it forced me to realize her short, quaint, childlike laughter was sending a chill through my soul.
“I found you.”

Juno
She smiled again and I noticed the scars around her lips. She had been gnawing on her own flesh, but I was sure the faded blood stains across her mouth didn’t belong to her. She was what nightmares were made of, a monster wrapped in the soft and pale clothing of a young girl’s skin.  Her eyes were as dark and smooth as marble, forcing my blood to run cold as my reflection bounced back from their endless depths.
I couldn’t believe what I was seeing. I couldn’t believe I was so close to a monstrosity and I was still alive. There was no mistaking it. There was no doubt. It was Juno.
“Jessica…”
I flinched at the sound of my name as she lifted a claw like hand with elongated fingers.
“Where’s mother?”
I trembled and tried to gouge my brain for an answer. I didn’t understand. I had to steel myself to let the words out. “I-I don’t know.”
She furrowed the thin lines of her eyebrows and placed her nails against my chin, tilting my head up as I struggled to stay still. “Don’t lie. I can feel her.”
I slowly shook my head from side to side and I could feel the hard points of her fingers draw blood near my throat. I couldn’t remember the last time I had started to cry from utter fear. “I’m sorry...”
She cocked her head to the side, but stopped there as a single nail reached down underneath my shirt and pulled the necklace back up for her to see. I expected the killing blow to come at any moment, the rage, the hatred manifest itself on her face and then through her arm as a swing across my eyes. But she smiled. Her voice danced like a playful nursery rhyme. “I know what you are...”
I could hear Chris run outside, the metal ring of the strap clinking against the M4 as he brought it up again.
“Don’t you fucking touch her!”
I didn't dare move to see.
The monster in front of me merely scoffed at the threat and kept her focus solely on me, then down onto the silver trinket again. “This belongs to mother...”
Mother...
My thoughts fell back onto the woman I had felt each time I had slipped away and relived moments of her life. The necklace didn't belong to Juno, it belonged to her mother. It belonged to the witch. The words left my lips when they shouldn't have. “It's not yours...”
Juno scowled at me and threw her open hand down across my face faster than I could react.
I pulled back, but I wasn't quick enough to dodge the fine blurred points that pulled against my skin and separated my tissue from the rest of the world. I instantly fell back and pressed a palm against my cheek and over an eye. I could feel the warmth immediately seep over onto my fingers and down my chin as the underside continued to burn. I thought I had gone blind.
Chris yelled like an animal and opened up on her. I throw my head underneath my arms as a hail of bullets flew over me and into Juno's chest. She flung her arms forward in defense but quickly began to buckle underneath the onslaught, the sound of each impact ending in a hollow thud as hot slugs of metal cut into her body.
The percussive bombardment suddenly ended with a subtle click. My exasperation was only drowned out by a bloodcurdling scream that managed to shake glass, a sensation so piercing that it felt like someone had sharpened two knives together inside of my stomach
I took my hands off my ears and peered at the inhuman shape above me. She was torn and tattered, and I could see large indentations in her body where each bullet had pierced her flesh and came out the other side with gaping holes. I stared, mortified, as her flesh slowly began to mend itself back together.
Chris continued to yell for me. He pulled me up by the arm and dragged me back into the house while Juno slowly stood up from a kneel. He threw me to the floor and swung the front door forward just as she slammed into it, almost knocking him over. I watched as he struggled to keep it from moving and his boots began to slip on the hardwood floor, the subtle realization hitting my mind. She was stronger than him.
“Tess!”
 I scrambled up to help him as he started to yell from the exertion and pushed on, vein’s popping out from underneath his skin. After a quick burst of strength, he finally managed to close the door and flicked the deadbolt. We quickly backed away as Juno started to slam into the thin barrier from the other side, the paint and wood cracking at the points of impact. She stopped just as I thought it would break altogether, the lack of motion haunted by my broken nerves and heavy breathing.
I wiped the blood from eyes. “Where is she?”
My question was quickly answered when the delicate fixture exploded off the hinges into a dozen pieces and flew into my shoulder, knocking me off balance and making me skid towards the wall.
Chris rushed forward, not even making it a single step before Juno grabbed him by the throat and lifted him up off the floor in her cold vice. She moved faster and stronger than any human being ever could with words that were poised like a toxic bane.
“You’re pathetic.”
Chris desperately tried to pry her hand off and it was all he could do as she slowly squeezed the life out.
“Why do you even try?”
His face started to darken from the excursion. He wouldn't be able to last any longer. She would snap his neck and snuff the soul out in an instant. I could feel his existence teeter on the brink. I instantly grew cold, but I could feel the warmth radiate from his body. I could feel the energy swell up in his navel and become dwarfed by my own. I wouldn't let it happen. I wasn't going to let him die.
“Stop...”
Juno looked over at me and she felt it. I knew that she had felt it to. I stumbled up from the floor with my palm stretched out ahead of me, dust and debris gently rolling off my shoulders. She glared at me as the room began to shake.
“You’re too weak.”
The necklaced burned white hot and threatened to melt its way towards the center of my heart, but I put it aside. I redirected the pain onto everything in front of me. I could feel each board and nail in the room vibrate with increasing intensity, every square inch of material buzzing with the thoughts of movement. The rumbling stopped abruptly and I took it all in. I mimicked the words. I had already known what it should feel like. I barred my teeth and struggled to hold on to it all as blood pierced my vision.
Let me show you.
I pushed forward and the entire front half of the building tore itself away from me in an instant, every single piece of woodwork and stone flying past my body in a wrecking blur. I pushed Juno away and stabbed her like a spear with the invisible force, her body tumbling end over end within the cloud of destruction.
 I fell to my hands and knees in exhaustion. Every limb felt completely hollow and brittle, devoid of all energy. My chest felt like it was about to cave in, but I strained to look up and take in the sudden destruction in disbelief. Everything that had been on the far side and above the foundation of the building had been strewn about into an unrecognizable mess a few meters out into the field. It was like a directional bomb had gone off, just barely sparing Chris from the mayhem. It shouldn’t have been possible, but I had done it. I had done it because the witch had shown me how.
 Chris forced air into his lungs and coughed out my name. He managed to stand up and reach out for me, but I immediately pulled back and tried to get some distance. I stared at the cuts on his face as he struggled to control his breathing. Now he knew what I was. Now he knew why I had always ran.
“Tess, wait—” He tried to grab my arm and I shoved him away. I never should have let it go.
“Get the fuck away from me.” I took a step past him and fell onto the dirt, completely missing the flooring that had used to be there just a few seconds earlier. I scrambled to get back up and run away, just barely making it a few meters until he bear hugged me from behind and pinned my arms against my sides.
“Stop! Just wait!” He brought me off the ground and I swung my legs, kicking the air as hard as I could.
“Get the fuck off of me!”
My resistance slowly melted away as the pile of rubble in front of us began to move, the small pieces rolling down first as a weight began to shift underneath. My mind struggled to piece the sight together until it hit me.
She wasn't dead.
Chris was still the first to react, his threat assessment on overdrive. “Tess, she’s too fast. We won't make it.” He let go and I turned to see his familiar face, but it was different. He couldn’t have been the same after what he had just seen me do. “I need your help.”
I tried to pull away, but he grabbed on again and held on tight. I shook my head. “I can't...” I could feel things that he could only dream about, but I didn't know enough. I couldn't control it. I couldn't help. “I don't know how.”
He didn't waste any time. He pulled me along and back into what was left of the house. He swiped my pistol off the floor and then led me down into the wine cellar, only to look around at the barrels around us. I didn't understand how getting trapped was supposed to help us.
“What?”
He put a finger to his lips before pointing me into the corner and letting me know. I scrambled to do as he instructed when Juno hit the floorboards above us, sending dust down and forcing me to shield my eyes. I could hear her foots steps bleed into the kitchen and I begged my hands to move quicker. I threw my head under my arms as the door above us suddenly splintered into pieces and she dropped down.
Chris brought his pistol up only to have it swiped away from him in the blink of an eye. He quickly drew his sword and swung it at her face, the blade whistling as it cut through the air. She effortlessly blocked it with both of her forearms and stopped it halfway through her limbs.
He pried the sword loose and stabbed her in the chest, pushing her back until the length of the blade pierced a wooden barrel. The flammable liquid gushed out and pulled around their feet while he kept her pinned to the side. “NOW!”
I dragged my lit lighter towards a blanket crammed into a bottle of alcohol and it immediately caught the flame, but Juno hissed. She burrowed a claw up into Chris's shoulder and brought him to his knees, though he managed to hold on. He continued to keep her still as another claw pierced his abdomen and he cried out in agony.
I could feel my hand start to burn, the slowly detonating fire bomb primed to go, but I couldn't do it. Not to Chris. He screamed as Juno twisted her hands and finally kicked him away and out into the clear. She grabbed the handle sticking out of her body just as I threw the flaming molotov at the woodwork and set her ablaze.
She started crying out in pain, a sound so defibrillating that I had to put a hand in front of my face just to see where I was going. The flames danced over her skin, warping it into a darker shade than black anywhere the heat began to lick her flesh.
I grabbed Chris and pulled him out of the cellar, up into the kitchen and out into the open living room when we tripped over a secondary explosion that sent flames shooting up from in-between the cracks in the floorboards. My muscles screamed in agony as I strained to pull him off the ground and out of the house. We fell to the ground a few meters from the perimeter as the whole structure began to go up in flames.
I readjusted my grip on his arm and kept pulling. We were both out of breath, but I refused to stop. I barely made it a few more meters from the burning building when he suddenly dropped again and I gave in to follow suit.
I rolled him over onto his back and looked at the damage. Two splinters of wood as big as my forearm had buried themselves into the side of his leg, one of them just missing his ankle. Both of the tips were still smoldering.
“Chris…” I could feel my eyes start to water from the smoke as I hovered my fingers above the shrapnel in his flesh. I didn’t know what to do. Anything I could think of bounced back with a deadly repercussion. He would bleed out if I tried to pull on anything, and jagged, torn sections of his body hung open as blood surrounded the open wounds on his shoulder and side. He was dying right in front of me. He grabbed my hands before I could start to apply some pressure.
“Go.”
I stared at him in disbelief, but he cut me off before I could even argue.
“I can still slow her down.”
I glanced back over at the burning building. A tower of pitch black smoke billowed out over us and into the pristine blue sky. She had to have been dead. There was no way she could have survived that.
“No.” I returned to the strain on his face. The pain overrode everything. “You're coming with me.”
I stood up and peered at the horizon before my gaze finally caught what I was looking for, the blurred silhouette of Arrino just a few miles away.  I would never be able to drag him that far. I wiped the blood that started to sting my eyes again and slung the bolt action rifle from my back. I aimed at the town and took two shots in its general direction, the sound of the larger caliber rounds echoing off into the distance.
“What are you doing?”
I threw the gun to the side and took off my shirt and got to work on ripping it into strips while in my tank top. “I’m getting help.” I took a length of the cloth and brought it over his shoulder until he pushed me off again, finally realizing.
“You can’t…”
I torqued his hand back down and he winced at the pain. “Try and fucking stop me.” I wrapped a piece of clothing around his shoulder and tied a knot over the gaping wound, tightening it until he screamed out in pain. Small beads of sweat ran down his face and he tried to catch a breath as I started on his leg.
“They’re gonna take you.”
“I don’t care.” I wrapped another piece around his waist, then started on his thigh, just above the first piece of shrapnel and held it there while I reached into my boot for the other half of my lock pick. I stuck the broken toothbrush underneath the makeshift bandage and turned it, tightening the cloth and applying pressure to his leg. The last strip was tied around that to keep it from moving. The improvised tourniquet wouldn’t last long, but it would only need to restrict the blood flow to his limb long enough for me to get him back alive.
“You’re fucking stubborn.” He winced as I checked both bandages and tightened them.
“Guess who taught me?” I swung the bolt action rifle over my back again and tried pulling Chris back up. I made him lean on my good shoulder and we somehow managed to start walking again.
“I didn't know...”
I strained to look over at him as his face contorted with every step on the ground. My thoughts flashed backed to Juno’s teeth and my mind automatically animated them biting into a piece of flesh. I had flung her body into the air and had torn a house in half without even lifting a single finger. I didn’t understand exactly how, but I didn’t have to. I didn't even want to. Chris was still alive. That was all that mattered at the moment.
“I’m sorry.” He pushed me off and flashed a pocket knife in front of me. I tried to take a step closer but he prodded the air in front of my face. He wasn’t kidding.
“What the fuck are you doing?”
He hesitantly kept the knife in between us. “You need to leave me here. You need to go before they find us and they take you back. You need to get as far away from this place as you can. Don’t you get it? They think you're...” He drained his own words and it pissed me off.
“What?”
Just say it. A Paranormal? A goddamn Sed?
He shook his head. “They're looking for you.”
I watched the sun dance across the blade's edge as it shook and kept us apart. No, I didn’t understand, but clearly he didn’t either. “I’m not leaving you.” I took a step forward and he swung at me again. I caught his wrist, bending it back and forcing him to drop the knife on the ground as I stuck my face into his. “You’re a moron.” Why did he always have to fight? I pushed him away and swung the bolt action rifle into my arms again.
“They’re gonna hurt you.”
“I don’t care.”
Let them.
I was sick and tired of all the bullshit thrown in my direction. I was sick and tired of all the death and violence and struggling to survive. If they wanted to hurt me, then go for it. I’d survive the torture and show them what it was worth. I’d show them who I really was and then they would be forced to listen. They would learn to be afraid.
I fired off another two rounds in quick succession towards Arrino and looked back at the smoke behind us. Anybody that heard the gunfire was bound to turn and see the smoldering wreckage from miles away. So why wasn’t anyone coming for us? I pulled Chris back up and forced him to keep marching with me.
It didn't last long until he finally dropped down again.
I turned him over. His breathing was shallow. His eyes looked glazed over and he had trouble keeping me in focus. “Chris. Hey, come on...” I slapped his face only to get the same response.
I got back up and started pulling him across the ground. Everything hurt. Everything burned at the effort. He was too heavy for me, but I wasn't going to give up. Not with Chris. I wouldn't let it happen.
I looked back and finally noticed a blurred shape growing more distinct as it flew closer across the ground. I peered through the scope on my rifle to see two pickup trucks speeding towards us, clouds of dirt dragging behind them like coattails. There was no turning back anymore. I stood next to Chris with my gun at the ready as the two cars split off and surrounded us before stopping.
Four screaming men armed with rifles jumped out of each truck and threatened to shoot us. I held my hands up and was quickly disarmed and shoved down. A knee pressed itself into the small spot of my back while a hand kept my cheek against the dirt.
“Please!” I could see my heavy breathing kick up a cloud in front of my face. “He needs help! He’s hurt.” I craned my neck just in time to see Chris as a boot stomped right in front of my nose before making its way over to him. I instantly recognized who it belonged to.
“Well,” said Kyle. “Would you look at this...” The men surrounding Chris brought him up to his knees. “Let him go.” They did as ordered, and Kyle stopped just in front and looked at the burning building off in the distance before coming back down. “It looks to me like you’ve had more than enough time to think it over.”
I struggled to understand. What the hell was he talking about? Why wasn't he helping him?
“So what's it gonna be?”
Chris simply wavered in the air for a moment. I didn't think he even knew what was going on, but he eventually answered, the word precise and unmistakable. “No.”
Kyle nodded. He seemed to mull it over before casually pulling out a pistol and pressed it down against Chris' forehead. “Suit yourself.”
He pulled the trigger.
Secrets
I screamed.
Chris' body heaved inward and fell over onto its side, motionless. His eyes stared away as the blood began to trickle down, but there was no movement. His body was kept still. He wouldn't move. All I wanted was to see him move.
I yelled and shook as hard as I could while someone kept me down and taped my hands together behind my back. I watched, my vision already beginning to blur, as a pair of men grabbed his lifeless body before stopping at Kyle’s command.
The insults never made it past my broken nerves. My mouth hung open and everything came down over my face. I couldn't believe it. I couldn't understand how it had all been taken away so quickly. I let myself go. I was paralyzed. I barely noticed as someone rolled me over and slapped a piece of tape over my mouth before dragging and loading me onto the back of a truck.
I could hear the doors slam shut and the engine turn over and we started to move. The endless blue sky stared back in front of me, the rush of air blowing my hair over my face and stifling the salt that stung against all the wounds that fought against my pores. I lost myself in the vast expanse. The emptiness washed over while my body tumbled with every bounce of the car. The ground blurred past on either side faster than I could have ever gone on my own, the whole time the sky there as if I was nothing.
The view was abruptly blotted out by a bag that was thrown over my head, shoving me into utter darkness. I waited, completely helpless, until my body moved at the familiar sound of the brakes and I was picked up by the arms and dragged out of the car. I heard shouting as I was led across concrete, and then the sudden absence of human voices turned into footsteps as I was pushed into a building and led into another room. I was shoved into a chair and handcuffed to something metal. I tried testing the bands around my wrists.
“Don't.”
I froze at the word, which was quickly followed by the sound of a handgun being cocked and primed to fire right behind my head. I didn't move anymore. I could hear a door close and I tensed my arms, but I didn't dare stretch anything past a few inches, the constant threat of a bullet flying through the back of my skull at any time always on my mind. Whoever had spoken could have left, or there could have been more than one person in the room with me. It didn't matter. It had worked. I couldn’t see. I couldn’t scream for help. I could only replay the same scene in my mind again and again as I paced out the torture and waited for it to end.
It had to have been hours by the time the door opened again and someone saved me from my agony. The handcuffs were taken off my wrists and the bag was pulled from my head. It took a moment for my eyes to adjust. By the time they did, I finally realized I had been sitting in a classroom and the sun was already beginning to set again. The last rays of light fell through the windows and threw everything into an orange hue. I had been alone for the whole day.
Alone.
Alone because Chris was dead.
I looked up to see Ryan as he tore the tape off my mouth before walking back to the blackboard. It was just the two of us and it had been a while since we had been alone together. He still limped with every movement, but the swelling around his face had long died down to only a few scars that littered the area above his neck. I waited in an uncomfortable silence as he paced around the teacher’s desk at the front of the room, ultimately deciding to stop there and stare at me for a moment before skipping the formalities.
“Do you have any idea how much bullshit you’ve caused us?”
I didn’t bother answering. I didn't see the point of it all. I had given myself up to help Chris, but nothing had worked out the way it had supposed to. Even with all the questions that were swimming around in my head, there wasn’t any reason for me to go along with the demands anymore.
Ryan didn't care. He walked over to the door again and swung it open, ushering somebody else inside. “Bring him in.”
A pair of guards brought in another man with a bag on top of his head and sat him down in the seat next to mine.
 Ryan dragged his chair over so that we'd be facing each other.  He pulled the bag off and my stomach dropped to see Jeremy stare back with a piece of tape over his mouth, his eyes sunken and his cheek bones more pronounced from lack of food along with a stream of faded bruises.
Jeremy glanced around before his eyes settled on mine, and they suddenly changed to grow somber. Who looked worse between the two of us?
Ryan stood just to our side. “We know his friends have been planning on making a run for it.” He put a hand on Jeremy’s head and pushed it to the side, making him glare back in silence. “Soon, if I’m not mistaken.”
I watched Jeremy's eyes again as they fell back onto me. I knew he wanted to ask what had happened, if I was okay, why my face had been cut open and covered in blood, but I couldn't take it anymore. I couldn’t have even guessed what he had gone through while I was gone. It finally made me give in.
“What do you want?” I hadn't said anything all day. The words were harsh and dry.
“There’s something out there looking for you and it’s not human.”
Juno.
 Ryan leaned in over my desk and stared. “Why?”
I shook my head. Out of all the questions he could have asked me, he had to pick the one that I couldn’t even answer. I didn't know, but it didn't matter. The burning wreck was proof of it from miles away. “She'd dead.”
My face suddenly swung away against the back of his hand and I let my bangs hang over my eyes while I stared at the ground. The cuts on my cheek burned like no other. I set my jaw through the motions and tried not to focus on the pain. It was the first time he had ever hit me.
“Don't you fucking lie to me.”
I glared back up at him. “I'm not!”
“Then what the hell have my men been shooting at for the past five hours?”
No...
That was impossible. She couldn't have been alive. How could anything have survived that? I didn’t get much time to think about it before he walked behind Jeremy and squeezed his face at an awkward angle.
“We're gonna use him and his friends as bait. Which means if you don't tell me why this thing is looking for you, he’s gonna die. His friends are gonna die, and—”
“I’m telling you I don’t know!” I screamed into his face. Whatever he had planned wouldn't work. It would be pointless. So many people would end up dying for nothing.
He pounded a heavy fist on my desk and spat back. “That’s fucking bullshit! That fucking nut job shows up out of the blue as soon as this thing did and just hands himself over. Then you both disappear. What the hell did he say to you?”
Chris?
My tongue felt numb as I failed to come up with the correct thoughts. What could he have possibly known that I didn't? Only Kyle knew enough to ask him something before he shot him.
I opened my mouth, but stopped as the sudden realization hit me. I glanced at Jeremy's worried face and then back up at Ryan. Someone was keeping a secret from all of us and Ryan didn’t know either. “Kyle doesn’t know we're here...” I let the thought slip my mind and it pissed him off.
“What the fuck did you do?”
“I don’t know.”
He slammed another fist on my desk and ran at me, pushing my chair back and yelling into my face.  “YOU'RE LYING!”
I stuttered for a moment, nervous, but I kept my mouth shut. I got up as he lifted my desk and he threw it across the room, forcing me to step away until my back hit the wall and he shoved his hands above both of my shoulders.
His lips curved into a hard snarl as he screamed at me. “Do you have any idea what the fuck you did?” He swung a fist towards my face and it slammed into the drywall, leaving a gaping hole right next where my head had been a split second earlier.
I cowered into the corner as he kept the pressure up, his hands close to my face before leaning in with his own.
“You stupid bitch… I don’t care how important anyone thinks you are. You keep this up and you’re gonna wind up in a ditch somewhere like your goddamn friends.” He shoved himself off of me, but all I could think about from his words was Ellie.
The nervous little girl’s face flashed in front of my eyes again. I couldn’t escape the thought of her lying motionless somewhere as the wind blew back her hair and collected dirt on the tips of her face, her eyes boring holes in the sky.
“Fuck you.” I could feel the anger rise up from inside my chest and flush my cheeks as Ryan stopped and turned to look back at me. I couldn't control it anymore. And I didn't want to. I wanted him to hear it.  I had let everything out. I wasn’t in control of myself anymore. There was no composure, no more hiding behind a hollow shell.
“What the fuck did you just say to me?” He marched back over to my corner and shoved his face in front of mine, grabbing my neck and forcing my head up. “WHO THE FUCK DO YOU THINK YOU ARE?”
I could feel his damp breath on my skin as I strained to get my own past the fingers clenched around my throat.  I could feel the rhythmic pressure of my veins threaten to burst while I looked into his eyes and watched them bounce across my face, back and forth, looking for any sign of resistance. I tried to think of what he would have done to me if I had stayed there, speechless like I had before. Instead, I decided to give him an answer.
The resistance around my wrists slowly melted away in warmth and I carefully pulled the pistol from his hip and pressed it in-between his legs. “Fuck you.” I said it again, louder, and I could see his eyes slowly shift as he recognized the pressure. I prodded the end of the barrel deeper into his flesh and pushed his hand off of me. “Get the fuck away from me.” I got out of the corner and shoved him back into the center of the room.
His men immediately brought their own guns up and threatened to shoot, but he waved them off.
He started to smile. “You really think you’re gonna kill me now? Is that it?” He managed to laugh, the only sound in the world at the time that could have struggled to question my anger and coerce my finger into sending a bullet away from me, through his heart and out into the wall. “Come on, Jessica...”
“Let him go.” I waited as the men dropped their guns and set Jeremy loose and Ryan brought my attention back.
“You're nothing. You're the same piece of shit I found before and you forget the only thing you're good for whenever you open your goddamn mouth. You're gonna wind up with a bullet in your face, just like your fucking army— ”
“SHUT UP!” I took a step forward and screamed, pushing out against all the feelings in my mind. All the chairs slid away from me in a sudden burst of speed and I pressed the front of the pistol against Ryan's head. “Shut. Up.” My hand started to shake, but I cocked the hammer back with my thumb and shoved the barrel further into Ryan's temple until he winced from the pain.
He wouldn't stop. “I fucking knew it... you're a goddamn Sed—”
I pulled the trigger.
Ryan only blinked, and it took me a moment to realize what had happened. The hammer had flown forward, only to end with a metallic click. The round had never gone off.
I quickly cycled the slide and pointed the gun back at Ryan's face, the faulty bullet hitting the floor and rolling off past the desks. He wouldn't be lucky enough to survive it again. I tensed my finger just as Jeremy sprung forward with a rifle in hand, saving Ryan from death for the second time in a row.
“Tess—don't.” I still kept the gun up and he put a hand on my arm. “We need him.” He gently made his way towards my wrist and grabbed my hand, forcing the shaking to stop. He didn't understand.
“I need to kill him...”
“I know.” He carefully pushed the pistol down until it pointed at the ground, never taking his eyes off of me. “But we need him if we're gonna get everyone out of here.” I glanced back at Ryan and took in his scouthering demeanor. He should have been dead. Instead, we were letting him talk.
“Kyle’s in the theater... Alone.”
He could have just been trying to save his own skin, but it didn’t matter. I immediately went for the door when Jeremy caught my arm again and I shoved him back, holding the gun up between us to keep him from getting any closer. The door swung open automatically and crashed itself into the wall for my escape. “Don't...”
Jeremy brought his hands up, stared over my shoulder and then peered at the gun pointed at him in silence, suddenly looking hurt. “Tess... You're not one of them.”
Them?
The implication already hurt. I never expected it from him. I had the sudden urge to give up and cry, yet it quickly melted back into anger.
He seemed to trip over his own words. “You don't have to do this.”
“Are you gonna try and stop me?”
He stared at me for a moment and slowly shook his head. “No.”
I could feel my stomach and chest ache as the word settled, but I put it to the side. If he didn't care, then why should I? I stormed out into the hallway and picked a random direction. It didn’t so much matter how I got there. I was going in for the kill. There was no way I would leave without paying a visit to the man that needed to die.
My boots echoed across the hard floors and through the empty hallways, every step reinforcing exactly how I felt. I couldn't see anything else. There was only what I needed to do, and where I was. I needed to move and I needed to kill. I wanted to feel the sensation that the witch had shown me up close and personal. I needed to take his life.
I reached the school’s auditorium and stepped out onto its glossy floor by the time Kyle turned around to look at me. He raised an eyebrow, confused to see me by myself and dumbstruck to even see me at all. I stopped a few feet in front of him when he finally formulated a thought.
“Where’s Ryan?”
I didn't move. I found myself hanging on indecision, but it was now or never and the anger didn't let up.
Where's Chris?
I brought the pistol forward and pulled the trigger, only to see him flinch and bring out his own to shoot back. I kept firing as fast as I could and quickly made my way over to a backdrop as bright blasts of hot metal flew past my body.
I threw myself behind the soft cover and hid my head underneath my arms as bullet holes riddled the thin membrane above and on either side of me, the explosive sounds echoing off in the giant chamber. I shook as the last shot rang out and looked down at my own gun. The slide was hanging out halfway past the handle. I was out of bullets, but I could still hear Kyle swear at me from the other side, almost out of breath. He sounded like he was in pain. I must have hit him at least once. I couldn't have missed every single shot.
I strained to get up and nearly cried out as a piercing sensation immediately pulled me back down. I hunched over and put a hand on my stomach, pulling back to see a deep red pool of blood starting to drip from the underside of my clothing. I couldn't believe it was all coming from me.
I struggled to control my breathing as the shock began to set in. I had just gotten shot. It felt so surreal, yet the feeling of ten knives being driven into my stomach repeatedly begged to differ. I reached up and put a hand on a wooden frame to pull myself along, the excruciating pain forcing every single effort to take up all my strength. I tried to focus on the sound of his voice.
“Knox wants you alive, Jessica!”
I could see part of his shadow move as I crossed a beam and worked on flanking him from the opposite side that I had come in.
“But I have no problem killing you! Do you fucking hear me?”
 I winced as my body continued to spill out and warm my hand. I understood loud and clear. I leaned against a wooden scaffolding and peered through a crack to see him scour the backdrop for me with his gun still in hand. I took out my spent magazine to throw it away on a whim and watched as he turned to face the sound, immediately shooting into the area and sending his lead downrange away from me.
I made a run straight for him.
He turned as soon as he realized what was happening and I screamed. He took an extra split second longer than he had and I managed to pistol whip his hand to the side just in time to miss another bullet, the flash of light almost blinding me as I tried leveraging my weight to disarm him.
We fought over his gun and it went off again and again, each time closer to my face until it ended with a sharp crack and curse as I broke one of his fingers. The gun dropped and he threw his hand forward.
I blocked his forearm to the side only to get a left hook square against my jaw. I immediately dropped onto the deck, dizzy from the pain. I looked up just in time to see another fist crash itself into my skull and I spilled over onto the floor.
I watched a thin stream of crimson stretch itself from my mouth and out onto the shiny panels of wood in front of me. I struggled to get my hands on something solid while the world continued to spin around me. I was in no way ready for a fight. I wasn’t even as good as I thought I was. I had been delirious thinking I could do anything at all.
The sudden realization began to dawn a little too late by the time Kyle pulled me up by the hair. “How many times is it gonna take?” He pulled out his taser and stabbed it into my stomach. He let it loose longer than I had ever felt before, the wave of pain forcing me to scream as loud as I could until the air in my lungs burned like the sharp jolt of electricity that shot itself across my body and burnt nerves. He finally let go and I hit the floor, curling up into a ball as I pressed my limbs against my belly and watched his feet step around my face. “Do you know what your problem is?”
I let myself think about it. It was the pain.
He grabbed me by the hair again and pulled my head up so that I looked at him.
I needed to stop thinking about the pain.
“You need to start fucking following directions.” He pulled his arm back again and I smiled, making him stop.
“Thank you.” I could taste the copper in my mouth while I flashed my teeth and he held me still. It caught him off guard.
“For what?” He waited until he heard a click and then I jammed my pocket knife as deep as I could into his thigh repeatedly.
I wouldn’t have been able to do that by myself.
He quickly shot away and stumbled onto his back. I painstakingly got up and he put a hand on his leg, cursing at me and trying to stop the bleeding, but thought better of it and began waving the taser through the air to try and ward me off as I got closer.
“Get the fuck away from me!”
I swiped my knife at him until it met his wrist and he let go. I picked up the taser in my other hand and watched as he scrambled to try and get away. I brought them both up. “One of these leaves a mark...” I sidestepped a kick and threw the taser into his side and watched as it forced him to scream out in pain. I took the opening to straddle him and pushed the knife up against his throat. “Guess which one I’m gonna use?”
He pushed his head back against the floor and I pressed on, just barely leaving a mark next to the beating vein in his neck. “Fuck you.”
I leaned my head down against his, his face just inches from my own. I wanted to see it in his eyes when I took his life away. All I had to do was push my hand to the side and he would spill out onto the floor in front of me. He glared at me as my hand started to tremble.
I readjusted my grip and tried to force my muscles to move, but they wouldn’t work. The knife stayed put. I pushed his head back and screamed at him. He needed to die. He had killed Chris. He was the source of suffering for countless others and he wouldn’t stop. He wasn’t even afraid. I needed to kill him. I shook my head as tears started to roll down my cheeks and drop down onto his face. The words barely made it past the blood in my mouth. “You don’t deserve to live!”
 He only stared at me. He didn’t even deny it. He didn’t beg for his life or ask for forgiveness. He knew what he was doing and he didn’t care. He didn’t give a damn about himself or anybody else. I could feel my fingers loosen around the handle until he moved without warning. He lifted his head up and I pushed it back down, almost forcing me to cut into his skin, but I blinked. I had almost killed him.
I visualized the knife severing the front of his neck in two like a stick dragged through still water. His blood would have immediately began to flow over my hands and pool onto the wood paneling in front of me while I would watch him gasp for air like a fish out of water, choking on the red. I wouldn’t understand what was happening until his eyes would bore through my own and stop moving entirely. I would lean over him, frozen, staring at his lifeless face. But it never happened. Instead, I watched him swallow, the soft bump in his throat diving underneath the blade and back up as he took another breath to chastise me.
“You don’t have the balls.”
I took a long breath and stared at the knife. He was right. I didn’t. “You’re right.”
He narrowed his eyes at me, confused, but I wasn’t done yet.
“Neither do you.”
 His eyes lit up as he struggled to get free. “Fuck you.”
I slammed his head back down and shoved the taser underneath his chin.
You wish.
I set the taser off and let him clench his jaw in agony for as long as I could help it. He almost passed out by the time I grabbed his hand and laid it flat on the floor with his palm facing up. I pressed my knife against his fingers and let him go, only pausing to stand up and sandwich the blade between his flesh and the bottom of my boot.
He began to reach out with his other arm and I pressed down ever so gently just to get him to stop, the metal digging further into his digits.
“You’re never going to hurt anyone else. Do you understand?” I pressed down a little harder and looked down at him as he nodded, his face turning beet red in between shouting obscenities at my face and pleading for mercy. “You’re never going to touch another girl so long as you’re alive. You’re not going to look at them. You’re not going to talk to them, or even breathe on them.” I gazed at the wooden panels beside his body and let myself go. I had always been good at keeping promises. “Or I swear to God I’ll find you.”
I shoved all the weight into the heel of my boot and stomped the knife into the wood, easily breaking through the resistance with the sudden snap of his delicate bones.
He immediately cried out in pain and curled over to hug the stump of his hand.
I didn’t even bother looking at it. I didn’t want to see. The pain was for him, anyway. There’d be no point. I had my own to deal with.
I grabbed my knife and walked into the nearest hallway before collapsing against a locker in a lightheaded daze, smearing a whole line of red across the blue paint. I couldn’t guess how much of it I had lost already. I hadn’t felt the pain, the fear or the emptiness, but I didn’t have to. I had already felt the sensations myself. I had come so close to killing Kyle that I had a hard time convincing myself he was still alive.
The muffled sound of gunfire finally registered in my mind and I looked at the nearest exit. Something was going on outside. Jeremy must have gotten caught. I brought myself up and stumbled into the open to meet the light of the moon break the clouds as men, women and children ran yelling down the street from the sound of the firefight. I hadn’t seen so many people at once in such a long time. And they were all afraid.
I dragged my legs across the ground in the opposite direction as random faces ran past on either side of me and bumped into my shoulders. I struggled to break through the frenzy and pushed them out of the way with a single hand while the other pressed against my bleeding stomach.
I stopped at an intersection as gunfire splashed against the walls to my side and sent people scrambling for cover. I reached down and picked up a pistol from a corpse torn in half and looked back over the corner to see an empty street. I quickly walked out onto the road and stepped over another dead body. I had to make things right.
I had to find Jeremy.
The thought barely crossed my mind as I turned another corner and a claw dug itself into my chest, forcing me to fall forward into an arm. I struggled to breathe as the piercing pain shot itself through my body and I was gently lifted up so that I could peer into the cold dark depths of her eyes.
Juno.
She smiled and rows of her red stained teeth parted.
“There you are.” She threw me face first onto the ground and my gun skidded a few feet away from me.
I struggled to stay awake from the pain as I dragged myself across the ground. I had almost reached the handle when she kicked me over onto my back and I swung my knife up, only to have her block the blade with the palm of her hand. I labored to get air into my lungs as I watched her effortlessly pull the piece of metal out of her flesh and shake her head.
“No...” She grabbed my wrist and snapped it like a twig, the pain reverberating up my spine and out as a scream into the night. She knocked my other hand to the side and straddled me, bringing her face inches from mine so that I could smell the iron on her skin and hear the soft whisper part her lips past my ear.
“I know where mother is...” She grabbed my throat and pressed the rock hard nails into either side of my neck, the necklace burning against my soul. “Do you want me to show you?” She squeezed and drew blood, pressing even harder until she tore out the pendant and my entire throat from in front of me in a cloud of red.
I reached up to feel the current flood over my hands while I drowned in my own blood. The overwhelming warmth seeped across my neck and enveloped my body. I struggled to breath and only choked. My vision began to fade. I began to slip over into the void and my heart moved for the last time.






